Bless This House

Bless This House is a British comedy series that first aired on British TV on the 2nd February, 1971 and ran for six series or seasons with its final episode airing on 22nd April, 1976. It ended after the death of its main star, "Sidney James." A film sequel was made in 1972 with the same title.

The programme centres on life in Birch Avenue, Putney, London, where stationery salesman Sid Abbott (Sidney James) and his wife Jean (Diana Coupland) live with their teenage children. Mike, the son, played by Robin Stewart, is fresh from art college and is more pre-occupied with protests than finding a job. The daughter, Sally, played by Sally Geeson, who is younger than Mike, is trendy and her parents are continually worried about her relationships with 'boys'. Sid and Jean constantly battle to comprehend the new generation's permissive ways and are usually out-of-touch. Their neighbours and best friends are Trevor (Anthony Jackson) and his wife Betty (Patsy Rowlands).

Filaret (Denysenko)

Patriarch Filaret (secular name "Mykhailo Antonovych Denysenko", born 23 January 1929) is the primate and Patriarch of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church – Kyiv Patriarchate. He has been the patriarch since 2019. Before, he was the patriarch between 1995 to 2018.

He was the honorary Patriarch of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine from 2018 to 2019, and the former Metropolitan of Kyiv of the Russian Orthodox Church between 1966 to 1992. He was defrocked and in 1997 excommunicated by the ROC. 

In March 2020, during a television interview, Filaret called the coronavirus pandemic a "divine punishment" for same-sex marriage. 

On 8 September 2020, Filaret tested positive for COVID-19 and pneumonia.

Ralph Gants

Ralph D. Gants (1954 – September 14, 2020) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. He was nominated by Governor Deval Patrick and sworn in on July 28, 2014. He became a justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Court in 2009. He was born in New Rochelle, New York.

On September 4, 2020 Gants was hospitalized after having a heart attack. He died on September 14 at the age of 66.

Chuck Woolery

Charles Herbert Woolery (born March 16, 1941) is an American game show host, talk show host, and musician. He was born in Ashland, Kentucky. 

Woolery was the original host of "Wheel of Fortune" (1975–1981), the original version of "Love Connection" (1983–1994), "Scrabble" (1984–1990, and during a brief revival in 1993), "Greed" on Fox from 1999 to 2000, and "Lingo" on Game Show Network from 2002 to 2007.

Thomas L. Steffen

Thomas L. Steffen (9 July 1930 – 1 September 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Supreme Court Justice in the state of Nevada from 1982 to 1997. He was nominated by Governor Robert List.

He studied at George Washington University where he graduated from in 1964. He began working in Bureau of Naval Weapons.

Steffen died on 1 September 2020 at the age of 90.

Abdul Qadir Bajamal

Abdul Qadir Bajamal (; February 18, 1946 – September 7, 2020) was a Yemeni politician. He was the Prime Minister of Yemen from 31 March 2001 to 7 April 2007. He was a member of the General People's Congress party. He also was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Yemen from 1998 to 2001.

Bajamal died on September 7, 2020 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates from problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 74.

Benedict To Varpin

Benedict To Varpin (24 July 1936 – 8 September 2020) was a New Papua Guinean Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1971. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina, Papua New Guinea from 1979 to 1987. He later became archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madang, Papua New Guinea in 1987.

To Varpin died on 8 September 2020, aged 84.

George Bizos

George Bizos (14 November 1927 – 9 September 2020) was a Greek-born South African human rights lawyer. He campaigned against apartheid in South Africa, most notably during the Rivonia Trial. He was Nelson Mandela's lawyer.

Bizos died in Johannesburg on 9 September 2020, aged 92.

Cini Boeri

Cini Boeri (June 19, 1924 – September 9, 2020) was an Italian architect and designer. She was born in Milan. In the 1970s, Boeri began designing showrooms for Knoll in Europe and America.

She worked for many other design companies, including lighting company Artemide, furniture company Arflex, and the housewares company Rosenthal.

Boeri died at her home in Milan on September 9, 2020 at the age of 96.

Amos Luzzatto

Amos Luzzatto (3 June 1928 – 9 September 2020) was an Italian-Jewish writer and essayist. He was one of the most important representatives of Jewish Italian culture in the 20th century. He was teaching at the Rabbinical College in Padua and was an Italian representative of the "Wissenschaft des Judentums". He was born in Rome.

From June 1998 to February 2006, he was the President of the Union of Italian Jewish Communities.

Luzzatto died on 9 September 2020 in Venice, Italy at the age of 92.

Gerald Neal

Gerald Anthony Neal (born September 22, 1945) is a Democratic Party politician and lawyer. He is a member of the Kentucky Senate, representing District 33 since 1988. He is the first African-American man elected to the Kentucky Senate. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. 

Neal was hospitalized in Louisville with COVID-19 on September 7, 2020.

Dainty green tree frog

The dainty green tree frog, dainty frog or graceful tree frog ("Ranoidea gracilenta") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales.

This frog lives in forests. It sits on reeds and floating plants in bodies of water, but it also lives in places where people grow fruit. In the winter, it climbs up to the tops of trees and stays away from water. In warmer weather, the female frog lays eggs on stems of grass in the water. The tadpoles take 14 days to become frogs.

The adult frog is 4.5 cm long. The dainty green tree frog is bright green with orange eyes, yellow feet, and yellow color on its sides. It is related to "Ranoidea chloris".

Al Ahed FC

Al Ahed FC is a professional football club that plays in the Lebanese Premier League. They are based in Beirut, the capital city of Lebanon.

The club has won 1 AFC Cup title, 8 league titles, 6 Lebanese FA Cup titles, 8 Lebanese Super Cup titles, 5 Lebanese Elite Cup titles, and 1 Lebanese Federation Cup title. In 2019 they became the first club from Lebanon to win the AFC Cup.

Person of Interest (TV series)

Person of Interest is an American television series that aired on CBS from 2011 to 2016.

Lebanese Premier League

The Lebanese Premier League is the top league competition for Lebanese football. It is above the Lebanese Second Division. The competition started in 1934.

Numb3rs

Numbers is a television series that was broadcast on CBS from 2005 to 2010.

Lebanon women's national football team

The Lebanon women's national football team are a team who play women's association football for Lebanon. They have never qualified for the World Cup or the Asian Cup. They came third 2 times in the WAFF Championship.

Olive, New York

Olive is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The town is west of Kingston, New York and is inside the Catskill Park. The population was 4,226 at the 2020 census.

The hamlet of Olivebridge is located in the town of Olive.

Ronald Bell (musician)

Ronald Nathan Bell, also known as Khalis Bayyan, (November 1, 1951 – September 9, 2020) was an American composer, singer-songwriter, arranger and record producer. He was the co-founding member of Kool & the Gang. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio but was raised in West Orange, New Jersey. His career began in 1968.

Bell composed, arranged, produced and performed some of the most popular music. He wrote the songs "Ladies' Night" (1979) and "Celebration" (1980).

Bell died at his home in the United States Virgin Islands on September 9, 2020, at age 68.

2020 California wildfires

The 2020 California wildfire season was a series of wildfires that burned across the state of California in the United States.

As of September 9, 2020, a total of 7,606 fires have burned , making 2020 the largest wildfire season recorded in California history. 

Climate change has increased the risk of wildfires in California.

Killing of Daniel Prude

On March 23, 2020, Daniel Prude was fatally injured after being physically restrained by Rochester, New York police officers. 

Prude had been suffering from a mental health episode after taking PCP and was running naked in the city's streets. The officers put a spit hood over his head after he began spitting. They held him face down on the pavement for two minutes and fifteen seconds, and he stopped breathing. 

Prude received CPR on the scene and later died of problems caused from asphyxia after being taken off life support.

The autopsy report ruled Prude's death a homicide. The killing first received attention in September 2020 when the police body camera video and written reports were released along with the autopsy report. 

Following the report's release, protesters were outside the Rochester police headquarters. Many of the protests have been peaceful.

Letitia James, the Attorney General of New York, said Prude's death is being investigated. Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo said on September 2, 2020 that he had originally asked James to investigate the case in July.

Edgard Tupët-Thomé

Edgard Tupët-Thomé (19 April 1920 – 9 September 2020) was a French militant. He was in the Free French Forces. He was born in Bourg-la-Reine, France. 

He was one of the first men to join the Free French Forces, led by Charles de Gaulle. He parachuted into Châteauroux on 9 December 1941. However, he was injured during his landing, and was forced to leave combat. Six months later, he left France to seek treatment in England.

In January 1944, he became second in command of the 3rd Parachute Chasseur Regiment.

In 1945, Tupët-Thomé resigned from the French Armed Forces. He was admitted to the École nationale de la France d'Outre-Mer and became an administrator of colonies in French Tunisia in January 1946.

He was honored with the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour and was named a Companion of the Liberation.

Tupët-Thomé died in Paris on 9 September 2020 at the age of 100.

Rodney Litchfield

Rodney Litchfield (1939 – 5 September 2020) was an English actor. He was born in Wigan, Lancashire. His career began in 1983. He was known for his role was Wilfred Morton in the television series "Coronation Street". He also played Tommy in "Early Doors".

He also appeared in shows like "Juliet Bravo", "A Touch of Frost", "Cracker", "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates", "Heartbeat", and "Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights".

Litchfield died on 5 September 2020, aged 81.

You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger

You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is a 2010 American Spanish romantic comedy drama movie directed by Woody Allen and starring Anthony Hopkins, Josh Brolin, Antonio Banderas, Gemma Jones, Naomi Watts, Anna Friel, Philip Glenister, Pauline Collins, Celia Imrie, Roger Ashton-Griffiths. It was distributed by Sony Pictures Classics.

Hong Kong Cantonese

Hong Kong Cantonese is a type of the Cantonese language, in the Sino-Tibetan language family. It is the official native language in Hong Kong. A similar language is also spoken in Macau, China.

Labyrinth of Passion

Labyrinth of Passion () is a 1982 Spanish comedy movie directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Cecilia Roth, Imanol Arias, Helga Liné, Marta Fernández Muro, Antonio Banderas.

Sravani Kondapalli

Sravani Kondapalli was a Telugu television actress. In her eight-year-long career, she appeared in TV shows such as "Manasu Mamata" and "Mounaragam".

On 08 September 2020, Sravani was found dead at her home in Hyderabad. Her death was reported to have been a suicide by hanging. She was 26.

Siberian weasel

The Siberian weasel ("Mustela sibirica") is a type of weasel. It is also called kolonok. It is native to Asia. It lives in a lot of forest habitats and open places. It is a least concern species.

Stripe-backed weasel

The stripe-backed weasel ("Mustela strigidorsa") is a species of weasel. It is also called the back-striped weasel. It is native to Southeastern Asia. It is a least concern species.

Civic virtue

Civic virtue is the gathering of routine behaviour important for the success of the community.

Hydrostatic paradox

The hydrostatic paradox is a phenomenon in fluid mechanics where the pressure at a point in a static fluid is independent of the shape of the container but only depends on the depth of the point below the surface of the fluid. This means that the pressure at a given depth is equal in all directions, regardless of the shape of the container or the location of the point within it. The hydrostatic paradox is a fundamental principle in fluid mechanics and has important applications in engineering and physics.

The hydrostatic paradox was first discovered by Blaise Pascal in 1647. He found that pressure in a fluid increases with depth and is transmitted equally in all directions. This principle was later expanded upon by Daniel Bernoulli, who developed Bernoulli’s principle, which states that as the speed of a fluid increases, its pressure decreases.

The hydrostatic paradox is based on Archimedes’ principle, which states that an object immersed in a fluid is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the displaced fluid. This principle was first described by Archimedes in his work "On Floating Bodies". 

The hydrostatic paradox has important applications in engineering, particularly in hydraulic systems. According to "Fluid Mechanics: Fundamentals and Applications" (Print) by Yunus A. Cengel and John M. Cimbala, hydraulic systems use fluids to transmit power from one location to another. The pressure generated by a hydraulic system is determined by the depth of the fluid and is independent of the shape of the container or the location of the point within it.

The hydrostatic paradox also has important applications in physics. According to "Physics for Scientists and Engineers" by Douglas Giancoli, hydrostatic pressure is used to measure atmospheric pressure and to determine the density of objects.

Egyptian weasel

The Egyptian weasel ("Mustela subpalmata") is a type of weasel. It only lives in northern Egypt. It is a least concern species.

NGC 4578

NGC 4578 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation. It is located about 55 million light-years away.

Henry Russell (explorer)

Henry Russell was a French explorer born in Toulouse in 1834. He died in Biarritz in 1909 and was buried in Pau, in France. 

His father was from Ireland, but his mother was from the South-West of France. 

When he was 24 years old, he began to climb the Pyrenees mountains. When he got lost in the mountains in Gavarnie, he almost died because of a big storm on that night. 

At the same time, he made two trips in the world: the first in North-America and the second in Russia, in China, in Australia and in India. 

However when he was 27, he decided to stay in the Pyrenees until the end of his life, from 1861 to 1909.

He is famous especially for the first ascents of a lot of peaks, alone or with companions. 

What is the most famous aspect in his life is his love for the highest French mountain of Pyrenees called Vignemale (3293m). He climbed this peak thirty-third times, and the last time was in 1904, when he was 70 years old. He loved it so much that he wanted to become the owner of it. In 1888, he asked the prefect, who granted him a concession for 99 years. The price was 1 franc per year. Also, he dug near the top 7 caves to stay in during the summer and to invite his friends. He organized several banquets in these caves with a lot of famous people. The last cave was 'The Cave of Paradise'. It was only 18 meters under the top. Today we can still see these caves above the glacier of Vignemale.

Eurasian otter

The Eurasian otter ("Lutra lutra") is a type of otter. It is also called the European otter, Eurasian river otter, common otter, and Old World otter. It is native to Eurasia. It is found in the rivers and coasts of Europe. It is also found in many parts of Asia, and parts of northern Africa. The Eurasian otter mainly eats fish.

Henry Russell

Henry Russell may refer to:


Hairy-nosed otter

The hairy-nosed otter ("Lutra sumatrana") is a type of otter. It only lives in Southeast Asia. It is threatened by loss of natural resources and poaching.

Spotted-necked otter

The spotted-necked otter ("Hydrictis maculicollis") is a type of otter. It is also called the speckle-throated otter. It is native to sub-Saharan Africa.

Smooth-coated otter

The smooth-coated otter ("Lutrogale perspicillata") is a type of otter. It is found in India and Southeast Asia, and in Iraq. It is a vulnerable species. It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution of wetlands and poaching.

Southern river otter

The southern river otter ("Lontra provocax") is a type of otter. It is found in Chile and Argentina. It lives in both saltwater and freshwater environments. It is an endangered species because of poaching, water pollution, and habitat loss.

Southern New Guinea tree frog

The Southern New Guinea tree frog ("Ranoidea impura") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives on the southeastern part of the island, no more than 500 meters above sea level.

Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle

The Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle, Hoan Kiem turtle or Red River giant soft-shell turtle ("Rafetus swinhoei") is a turtle that lives in Asia. Very few of these turtles are alive today: Human beings know about only four. It is one of the most endangered animals in the world.

What was the last known female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle died in a Suzhou zoo in China in 2019. Another female was found in Vietnam in October 2020. Scientists tested her DNA and then put her back in the lake.

This leaves four turtles alive: One male turtle living in Suzhou Shangfangshan Forest Zoo, the female turtle in Dong Mo Lake in Vietnam, perhaps another one in Dong Mo Lake, and another one in Xuan Khanh Lake in Vietnam. Scientists don't know whether the Xuan Khanh lake turtle is male or female. Scientist Tim McCormack thinks the two lake turtles became trapped when people built dams on their rivers. Scientists say there might be more in other lakes and rivers. Some scientists have gone on boats to look for them.

This turtle is very big with a pointy noise that it can use to breathe while keeping most of its body hidden underwater. Scientists do not know much about the way it acts in the wild because there are so few left. It is the largest turtle that lives in fresh water instead of sea water. It has a long, flat body. It can weigh 150 to 220 kilograms (330 to 485 pounds).

The female can lay 30 or 40 eggs at a time, more than once each year.

The Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle used to live in the Red River in China and in many parts of Vietnam in the flood plain from the Yangtze River. It became endangered because humans built roads, buildings and dams where the turtle likes to live and because of pollution. It also became endangered because people would catch the turtle to eat it and its eggs and to sell turtles as pets. Illegal hunters also catch the turtle to sell its body parts as ingredients for traditional Chinese medicine. 

In Vietnamese culture, the Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle stands for Kim Qui, the Great Turtle God. In the story, the Dragon King gave a special sword called Heaven's Will to a Vietnamese hero. The hero was Emperor Lê Lợi. Emperor Lê Lợi used Heaven's Will to free Vietnam from the Chinese. Then Emperor Lê Lợi had to give Heaven's Will back to the Dragon King. He gave it to Kim Qui to give to him.

In 2007, scientists found a female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle in a zoo in Changsha. The turtle had been there for more than fifty years, before Yangtze giant soft-shell turtles became rare. The people in the zoo knew she was a large, female turtle but not that she had become one of the rarest on Earth. The deputy director of the zoo was attending a conference about tigers and went to the speech about turtles for fun. He saw they were talking about the same kind of turtle as the one in his zoo.

The people in Changsha knew they had a large turtle in their zoo, but they didn't know it was a Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle. A circus performer had sold her to the zoo in the 1950s. They gave her raw meat to eat. The raw meat kept her body healthy, but it was not good for eggs. She laid eggs every year, but they never hatched. This was because no male turtle had fertilized them. It was also because she needed to eat foods with more calcium. Raw meat did not have enough.

When people heard the Changsha turtle was a female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle, they did not bring her to Suzhou right away. Both cities wanted the other turtle brought to them. They did not want to send their turtle to another city. Turtles are important symbols of living a long time in China, so the people of Changsha did not want to give her away. After a long time, the two zoos agreed. The female would come to Changsha and that they would share the baby turtles. In 2008, people moved the female turtle from the Changsha Zoo to Suzhou Shangfangshan Forest Zoo.

The first year, the female turtle laid many eggs, and about half of them were fertilized. None hatched. Some of the eggs had very thin shells. The zookeepers saw there was not enough calcium in the food the turtle was eating. They fed her different foods with more calcium. Then they saw that visitors to the zoo were throwing food and garbage into the turtle's lake. They did this even though there were big signs saying not to.

The other problem was that the male turtle's penis was not good. Years earlier, he had fought with another turtle. His penis was damaged, so he could not have sex very well. Starting in 2015, the zookeepers collected the male turtle's male reproductive liquid and placed it inside the female using medical tools. Again, the female turtle laid eggs, but none hatched. The scientists tried something different every year. In 2019, the female turtle died because she did not wake up from the medicine the zookeepers gave her to make her sleep during the medical process. The zookeepers cut out and froze tissue from her female reproductive organs.

Fort William, Highlands

Fort William ( ; "The Garrison") is in the Scottish Highlands. It is a town in the area of Lochaber on the eastern shore of Loch Linnhe. 

In 2011, Fort William had a population of about 10,500. It is the second largest settlement in the Highland council area, and the second largest settlement in the whole of the Scottish Highlands. Only the city of Inverness has a larger population.

Fort William is a major tourist centre. It has Glen Coe to the south, to the east and Glenfinnan to the west, on the Road to the Isles. 

Fort William is a centre for hillwalking and climbing. It is near Ben Nevis and other Munro mountains. It is the start and end of travel to the north-east or south-west.

About 700 people (~7% of the population) can speak Gaelic.
Geologically, the town sits on the Great Glen Fault, the most striking feature of Scotland on the map. The fault runs from the south-west to the north-east of Scotland.

2012–13 United States network television schedule

The 2012–13 network television schedule for the six major English-language commercial broadcast networks in the United States covers primetime hours from September 2012 through August 2013. The schedule is followed by a list per network of returning series, new series, and series canceled after the 2011–12 season.

Note: "Community" and "Whitney" were originally scheduled, respectively, to air at 8:00 PM and 8:30 PM on NBC.

Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:


















NGC 7007

NGC 7007 is a lenticular galaxy in the Indus constellation. It is located about 130 million light-years away from Earth.

Sweet Hours (Dulces horas)

Sweet Hours (Dulces horas) is a 1982 Spanish French drama movie directed by Carlos Saura and starring Iñaki Aierra, Assumpta Serna, Álvaro de Luna, Jacques Lalande, Alicia Hermida, Alicia Sánchez.

Louisiana College

Louisiana College (LC) is a private Baptist college in Pineville, Louisiana. About 1,300 students are enrolled. 

Although the college is part of a group of Southern Baptist churches, which make up the membership of the Louisiana Baptist Convention, students do not have to be a member of that specific church or other churches.

The school colors are orange and blue, and the athletic teams are known as the Wildcats and Lady Wildcats.

Vada pav

Vada pav is a vegetarian fast food dish native to the state of Maharashtra.The dish consists of a deep fried potato dumpling placed inside a bread bun ("pav") sliced almost in half through the middle. It is generally accompanied with one or more chutneys and a green chilli pepper.

"Batata vada" in Marathi literally means "potato fritter"."Pav" is a derivative of the Portuguese word "pão", which means bread.

Boiled potato is mashed and mixed with chopped green chilli and garlic, mustard seeds, and spices (usually asafoetida and turmeric). The mass is then shaped into a ball, dipped into gram flour batter and deep fried. The resultant fritter is served by placing inside a bread bun, accompanied with one or more chutneys and fried green chilli.

Alan Minter

Alan Sydney Minter (17 August 1951 – 9 September 2020) was a British professional boxer. He competed from 1972 to 1981. He held the undisputed middleweight title in 1980. He was born in Crawley, West Sussex.

He held the British middleweight title from 1975 to 1976, and the European middleweight title twice between 1977 and 1979. Minter won a bronze medal in the light-middleweight division at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Minter died of cancer on 9 September 2020, aged 69.

Vadivel Balaji

Vadivel Balaji (17 February 1975 – 10 September 2020) was an Indian Tamil television comedian and actor. He received the nickname Vadivel. Balaji was born in Madurai, Tamil Nadu.

He was well known for his works in "Yaaruda Mahesh" (2013) and "Kolamavu Kokila" (2018). He also took part as a contestant in the eighth season of the reality television show "Jodi Number One".

Balaji died from a stroke on 10 September 2020 in Chennai at the age of 45.

Gerald Blidstein

Gerald Blidstein (1938 – September 10, 2020) was an Israeli educator. He was a Professor Emeritus at Israel's Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. He was the Israel Prize winner in Law (2006). In 2007, he became a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences. 

Blidstein died on September 10, 2020 at the age of 82.

Gienek Loska

Gienek Loska (; 8 January 1975 – 9 September 2020) was a Belarusian-born Polish singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was born in Byelaazyorsk, Belarus. He won the first series of "X Factor" in 2011. Loska was the co-founder and longtime member of the blues-rock band "Seven B".

Loska died on 9 September 2020 in Byelaazyorsk from a stroke, aged 45.

Pamela L. Reeves

Pamela Lynn Reeves (July 21, 1954 – September 10, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. She was the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee from 2019 until her death. She was the first female judge to serve in the Eastern District. Reeves was born in Marion, Virginia. She was nominated to the court by President Barack Obama in 2014.

Reeves died on September 10, 2020 from cancer, aged 66.

Franco Maria Ricci

Franco Maria Ricci (December 2, 1937 – September 10, 2020) was an Italian art publisher and magazine editor. He was known for his publication on "FMR", a Milan-based bi-monthly art magazine published in Italian, English, German, French, and Spanish for over 27 years. 

He was known for having created limited editions honoring particular independent artists. He would use tinted handmade paper and black silk-bound hardcovers with silver or gold lettering stamping.

Ricci died on September 10, 2020 from a heart attack in Milan at the age of 82.


Leen van der Waal

Van der Waal died in Ridderkerk on September 10, 2020 at the age of 91.


François Lalande

François Lalande (29 November 1930 – 1 September 2020) was an Algerian-born French actor. He had performed in the theatre, on television, and movies. He was born in Mostaganem, French Algeria. Lalande was known for his roles as Monsieur Ribeaux in "Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo" (1977) and as Mr. Levert in "French Postcards" (1979).

Lalande died on 1 September 2020 in Paris, aged 89.

Betty Caywood

Betty Caywood Bushman (March 10, 1931 – September 3, 2020) was an American sportscaster. She was one of the first female Major League Baseball broadcasters. She gave color commentary on radio broadcasts for the Kansas City Athletics in September, 1964. Caywood was born in Chicago.

Caywood, then known as Betty Caywood Bushman, returned to the baseball broadcast booth on August 16, 2008, joining the WHB radio broadcast of games for the independent baseball team, the Kansas City T-Bones.

Caywood died on September 3, 2020 at the age of 89.

Disappearance of Rebecca Coriam

Early on the morning of 22 March 2011, Rebecca Coriam (born 11 March 1987), a British crewmember on the cruise ship "Disney Wonder", having an emotional phone call while worried and wearing men's clothing. Several hours later, she missed the beginning of her work shift and could not be located anywhere aboard the ship.

Her disappearance was the first such incident in the history of Disney Cruise Line.

The case remains under investigation, and her whereabouts since the phone conversation have not been discovered. Her parents believe that Disney are hiding certain facts of her disappearance. Her family settled a lawsuit against Disney out of court in 2016.

Lynn Carlin

Mary Lynn Carlin (née Reynolds; born January 31, 1938) is an American actress. She is best known for her debut role in the movie "Faces" (1968), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award. 

Carlin was born in Los Angeles. Her career lasted between 1968 to 1987. 

Before acting, she was a professional secretary. She is the first nonprofessional to be nominated for an Academy Award.

Roy Kinnear

Roy Mitchell Kinnear (8 January 1934 – 20 September 1988) was a British actor. Kinnear was born in Wigan, Lancashire.

He was known for his roles in movies directed by Richard Lester; including Algernon in The Beatles "Help!" (1965), Clapper in "How I Won the War" (1967) and Planchet in "The Three Musketeers" (1973). He also played Henry Salt in the 1971 movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory".

Kinnear died on 20 September 1988 from a heart attack after injuring himself while riding a horse in Madrid, aged 54.

Julie Sommars

Juliana Edith "Julie" Sommars (born April 15, 1942) is an American actress. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in "The Governor & J.J." in 1970. She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for "Matlock" in 1990.

Indian Lake, New York

Indian Lake is a town in Hamilton County, New York, United States. The population was 1,363 at the 2020 census. The name is from a lake of the same name that is largely inside the town. 

Lake Pleasant (hamlet), New York

Lake Pleasant, New York is a hamlet in the town of Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County, New York, United States. This community is the county seat of Hamilton County.

Lake Pleasant, New York

Lake Pleasant is a town in Hamilton County, New York, United States. The population was 897 at the 2020 census. It has the hamlet of Lake Pleasant, the county seat of Hamilton County.

Sasebo slashing

The was the murder of a 12-year-old Japanese schoolgirl, , by an 11-year-old female classmate known as "Girl A". 

The murder happened on June 1, 2004, at an elementary school located in Higashiokubocho, Sasebo, Nagasaki Prefecture. The murderer slit Mitarai's throat and arms with a box cutter.

The slashing became an Internet memes and led to people talk about lowering the age of criminal responsibility in Japan. The killer's real name has not been released to the press. 

The murderer was nicknamed "Nevada-tan" because a class photograph showed a girl believed to be her wearing a University of Nevada, Reno sweatshirt.

However, the girl's real name was accidentally revealed on a Fuji TV broadcast and members of Japanese internet community 2channel further publicized her identity on June 18, 2004.

University of Nevada, Reno

The University of Nevada, Reno (Nevada, the University of Nevada, or UNR) is a public research university in Reno, Nevada. It was founded on October 12, 1874 in Elko, Nevada. It is a land grant institution in the state of Nevada.

It is home to the state's first medical school. 

According to the National Science Foundation, UNR spent $144 million on research and development in 2018, ranking it 139th in the nation.

Kosovo and Serbia Economic Normalization agreements (2020)

The Kosovo and Serbia Economic Normalization agreements are two separate documents.

One was signed by the Prime Minister of Kosovo Avdullah Hoti and the other by the President of Serbia Aleksandar Vučić on September 4, 2020 at the White House while President Donald Trump was watching. 

Both sides had already agreed to the items in the documents, many focused on the two countries fixing their economic trade agreements.

Avdullah Hoti

Avdullah Hoti (born 4 February 1976) is a Kosovar politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kosovo from 3 June 2020 until 22 March 2021. He was the Minister of Finance between 2014 and 2017 in the PDK/LDK coalition government.

Prime Minister of Kosovo

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Kosovo (, Serbian: /) is the head of government of Kosovo.


Ilija Vakić

Ilija Vakić (; born 30 July 1932) is a Serbian politician. He was Chairman of the Executive Council of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija within SFR Yugoslavia from May 1967 to May 1974. 

He was a member of the League of Communists of Kosovo. He was replaced by Bogoljub Nedeljković.

Hashim Thaçi

Hashim Thaçi (; ; born 24 April 1968) is a Kosovar politician.

He was the President of Kosovo from April 2016 until November 2020. He was the first Prime Minister of Kosovo and the Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister in the new cabinet led by Isa Mustafa.

President of Kosovo

The President of Kosovo (, ), officially styled the President of the Republic of Kosovo (, ), is the head of state and chief representative of the Republic of Kosovo in the country and abroad.

The President is elected indirectly, by the Assembly of Kosovo, in a secret ballot by a two-thirds majority of deputies.


 




Jakup Krasniqi

Jakup Krasniqi (born 1 January 1951) is a Kosovar politician. He was the Acting President of Kosovo twice between September 2010 to February 2011 and again in April 2011. He was Chairman of the Assembly of Kosovo between 2007 and 2014.

Pav bhaji

Pav bhaji is a fast food dish from India. It consists of a thick vegetable curry served with a soft bread roll. Its origins are in the state of Maharashtra.

Read more... Chicken dry fry recipe
The dish originated in the 1850s as lunchtime fast food for textile mill workers in Mumbai. Pav bhaji was later served at restaurants throughout the city. Pav bhaji is now available at different types of food providers, from simple pushcarts to formal restaurants. It may be found outside of India.


Fatmir Sejdiu

Fatmir Sejdiu (born 23 October 1951) is a Kosovar politician. He was the leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) and was the first President of Kosovo between 2006 and 2010.

Behgjet Pacolli

Behgjet Isa Pacolli (born 30 August 1951) is a Kosovar politician and businessman. He was the First Deputy Prime Minister of Kosovo and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2017 to 2019 under the Ramush Haradinaj's government. Pacolli was the President of Kosovo between February 2011 to April 2011. Pacolli was one of the signatories of 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence.

This Man

This Man, according to a website created in 2008 by Italian marketer Andrea Natella named Ever Dream This Man?, was a person who was claimed to have been repeatedly seen in dreams by the whole world since 2006, but was never found in real life.

Natella created the site in 2008, but it was not until October 2009 that it gained attention from the press and online internet users. 

This Man's became an internet meme that spoofed flyers of the website, references in movies and television shows like "The X-Files", and a manga series based on the hoax by "Weekly Shōnen Magazine".

El Dorado (1988 movie)

El Dorado is a 1988 Spanish French Italian drama movie directed by Carlos Saura and starring Omero Antonutti, Lambert Wilson, Eusebio Poncela, Gabriela Roel, Inés Sastre, José Sancho, Féodor Atkine.

A Walk in the Clouds

A Walk in the Clouds is a 1995 American Mexican romantic drama movie directed by Alfonso Arau and starring Keanu Reeves, Anthony Quinn, Debra Messing, Aitana Sánchez-Gijón, Giancarlo Giannini. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Times

The Times is a center-right British daily national newspaper published in London. It is the earliest newspaper still being published. It began in 1785 under the title The Daily Universal Register. It got its present name on 1 January 1788. 
"The Times" and "The Sunday Times" (founded in 1821) are published by Times Newspapers. They are a subsidiary of News UK, which is wholly owned by News Corp. "The Times" and "The Sunday Times" do not share editorial staff. They were founded independently, and have only had common ownership since 1966.
"The Times" is the first newspaper to have borne that name. The name has been copied by other papers around the world, such as "The Times of India" and "The New York Times". In countries where these other titles are popular, the newspaper is often referred to as , or as . 

"The Times" had an average daily circulation of 417,298 in January 2019. In the same period, "The Sunday Times" had an average weekly circulation of 712,291. An American edition of "The Times" has been published since 6 June 2006. "The Times" is often used by scholars and researchers because it is a reliable source, it is in many libraries and has a detailed index. A complete historical file of the digitised paper, up to 2010, is online from Gale Cengage Learning.

Neotropical otter

The neotropical otter or neotropical river otter ("Lontra longicaudis") is a type of otter. It is found in Central America, South America and the island of Trinidad. The average length of the neotropical otter is from 36–66 centimetres (14–26 in). It weighs from 5–15 kilograms (11–33 lb).

Marine otter

The marine otter ("Lontra felina") is a type of otter. The marine otter only lives in saltwater, coastal environments. It rarely goes into freshwater or estuarine habitats.

Giant otter

The giant otter or giant river otter ("Pteronura brasiliensis") is a type of otter. It is the longest type of mustelid. It can grow up to 1.7 metres (5.6 ft). The giant otter is diurnal. It is the noisiest type of otter. The giant otter is the largest type of otter in the world.

The Sims Bowling

The Sims Bowling is a mobile game in the series "of The Sims", developed by EA Games for devices iPod and later mobile phones. The game was released on July 18, 2007. The game itself is a reworked version of the successful 2004 JAMDAT Bowling bowling simulator . "The Sims Bowling" combines a life simulator with a bowling game, where the player must collect points by playing bowling in different game modes in order to set up their home and buy bowling equipment.

Critics have given mixed opinions about the game, on the one hand they praised "The Sims Bowling" for its high-quality graphics and varied gameplay, but criticized the game physics, especially behavior of pins, called it outdated, but the gameplay is not deep enough . 

The game begins with the player creating a male or female character, choosing a suitable hairstyle and clothing for him. The controlled Sim then comes to the bowling alley to compete against other NPCs. Control is carried out in the first person, the player determines the location of the ball and with what force he should throw it. The ultimate goal of the player is to win with a score of 300.

The game also introduces the so-called life goal, in particular the sim dreams of becoming the star of the bowling alley, the sim's aspiration level increases with the player's skill. There are also four different game modes in "The Sims Bowling" : Classic - a casual bowling game, Strike-o-thon - which counts how many hits the player can hit, and Spare-o-thon - the same for the substitutes. The player can also practice, this mode allows you to develop a strategy for solving difficult situations, such as, for example, 7-10 splits. The player can also compete with another player in the Pass' n Play mode, passing in turn the phone to make a move . There is also a "Bowl Now" mode, which instantly introduces a random opponent into the game with multiplayer support, for example, in devices such as the LG VX8100 or Samsung M610. The iPod version is only compatible with 5th generation devices .

With the funds received, the player can buy new clothes or new bowling equipment purchased at the store in the alley. These are new balls, bowling gloves, and so on. As the Sim becomes a regular customer over time, the store owner will even give him some tips. As your Sim succeeds on the lane, they will be endowed with various privileges, such as getting a better paid job and then being able to invest in additional equipment for bowling . The player can, among other things, visit his home and furnish it with new purchased items, such as a widescreen TV, an air hockey table or a dance floor. The game also features familiar characters from other "The Sims games", such as Don Lothario. 

Even before the creation of the game, in 2004 the game JAMDAT Bowling enjoyed great success in the mobile market, which was then acquired by Electronic Arts . It was expected that this would make the game even more famous, but it disappeared from sales, nevertheless EA released its modified version with updated graphics and additional gameplay on top, also linking with the "The Sims" brand. Back then EA Games expressed an interest in adapting "The Sims" for iPods, with the developers arguing that "The Sims Bowling is a game that reflects the character of The Sims while being an elaborate bowling game for the iPod."

The official announcement of the iPod game took place on July 12, 2007. The game has positioned itself as a combination of a life simulator and bowling, allowing you to spend the money you receive on different equipment and playing in different modes. The game was available for purchase in the games sections of iTunes. Then it became known that the game was developed specifically for the fifth generation iPod.

The game was released on July 18, 2007. Despite the mixed assessment of critics, users generally rated the game positively. It eventually became the sixth overall released for the iPod and is remembered as one of the first games released for this platform .

In August 2008, it became known that Electronic Arts had entered into a contract with Handango, Inc., the world's leading provider of mobile games, to distribute its mobile games, including "The Sims Bowling" . The game was available for symbian devices with support for English, French, Italian, German and Spanish.

Peter Cohen, a Macworld critic, noted that before the iPod was only arcade or puzzle games, "The Sims Bowling" turned out to be a different game, and more than just bowling with "The Sims" . Despite the apparently simple concept of the game, it still remains a life simulator as its name suggests. The reviewer even argued that bowling is not the most difficult part of the game, since the player will eventually get used to the controls, it will not be difficult for him to play and he will defeat any rivals without any problems . The critic also praised the game for its graphics and music quality. The game has its own and pleasant soundtrack, as well as the ability for the player to choose what he wants to listen to, or even turn it off. In general, the critic called the game a combination of a life simulator with bowling, an enjoyable, but not too difficult game.

A critic of IGN saw a clear resemblance to JAMDAT Bowling in the game, "The Sims Bowling itself is" actually a remaster of the 2004 game. In the end, as a critic has noted, the game engine in the game feels outdated. The reviewer also pointed out that the combination of bowling and "The Sims is" also implemented strangely, on the one hand, the critic praised the game for the fact that it allows you to create and customize a character, but the aspiration system ceases to bring any meaning over time. The game loaded very slowly on Sony Ericsson W810 . Although the game's design and graphics are good, the game experience is spoiled by the poor physics of pins falling. Nevertheless, the critic ended up giving 7 points out of ten, praising the game for the presence of different modes and multiplayer mode, and even despite the outdated engine, it pleasantly surprises with its graphics and functional gameplay.

A more restrained review was left by Chris James of the Pocket Gamer website, who noted that not all games of the high-profile franchise, like films, can be considered successful. This can be seen in the example of the quite successful "The Sims 2 Mobile", and the unsuccessful The Sims 2 Pets Mobile and the same "The Sims Bowling" . Not that one would come to that conclusion at first glance, as the game is quite up to EA quality and standards. The visuals turned out to be quite brilliant and neat animations, and the critic praised the game for its control. However, the problems start with in-game physics, which gives the impression that the ball is rolling on the sides, rather than rolling forward, and after changing the camera perspective, it seems that the ball is flying almost at the speed of a bullet, and the pins also fall very quickly. This annoyed the critic very much, he noticed that the imperfection of physics led even to bizarre incidents, such as pins spinning on the floor through other pins, or they could even bounce. The reviewer also noticed that there is no real competition in the game, and the purchased items just aren't enough motivation to keep the player interested. The critic summed up that undoubtedly the game will be downloaded by many avid "The Sims" fans "for show", but the game is not worth its name and the critic advised instead to play Midnight Bowling ). 

Asian small-clawed otter

The Asian small-clawed otter ("Aonyx cinereus") is a type of otter. It is also called the oriental small-clawed otter or simply small-clawed otter. It is native to South and Southeast Asia. It is the smallest type of otter in the world. It is also the smallest type of otter in Asia. It eats molluscs, crabs and other small aquatic animals.

The Asian small-clawed otter lives in mangrove swamps and freshwater wetlands in South and Southeast Asia. It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution, and hunting in some places. It is a vulnerable species.

Patricia Thiel

Patricia A. Thiel (February 20, 1953 – September 7, 2020) was an American chemist and materials scientist. She was a Distinguished Professor of Chemistry at Iowa State University. She was known for her research on atomic-scale structures. Thiel was born in Adrian, Minnesota. 

In 2019, she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Thiel died on September 7, 2020 in Ames, Iowa at the age of 67.

Adrian, Minnesota

Adrian is a city in Nobles County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,194 at the 2020 census.

Worthington, Minnesota

Worthington is a city in and the county seat of Nobles County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 13,947 at the 2020 census.

African clawless otter

The African clawless otter ("Aonyx capensis") is a type of otter. It is also called the Cape clawless otter or groot otter. It is the largest type of otter that live in Africa. It is also the second-largest type of otter that live in freshwater. African clawless otters are found near permanent bodies of water in savannah and lowland forest areas. They found in most of sub-Saharan Africa, except for the Congo River basin and arid places.

Disappearance of Maura Murray

Maura Murray (born May 4, 1982) is an American woman who disappeared on the evening of February 9, 2004, after a car crash on Route 112 near Woodsville, New Hampshire, a village in the town of Haverhill. No one knows where she is. She was a 21-year-old nursing student finishing her junior year at the University of Massachusetts Amherst at the time of her disappearance.

Police traced the vehicle to Murray, and treated her as a missing person. Some people believed Murray either committed suicide or was murdered. 

In 2009, Murray's case was given to the New Hampshire cold case division.

Woodsville, New Hampshire

Woodsville is a census-designated place (CDP) and the largest village in the town of Haverhill in Grafton County, New Hampshire, U.S.. The population was 1,431 at the 2020 census.

University of Massachusetts Amherst

The University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass Amherst, UMass) is a university in Amherst, Massachusetts. UMass Amherst has an annual enrollment of about 1,300 faculty members and more than 30,000 students.

The university offers academic degrees in 109 undergraduate, 77 master's and 48 doctoral programs.

According to the National Science Foundation, UMass spent $211 million on research and development in 2018, ranking it 111th in the nation.

Carlos Saura

Carlos Saura Atarés (4 January 1932 – 10 February 2023) was a Spanish movie director, photographer and writer. Along with Luis Buñuel and Pedro Almodóvar, he was seen as Spain’s three most renowned filmmakers. He was born in Huesca, Spain.

He was known for directing in "Los Golfos", "La Caza", "Peppermint Frappé", "Honeycomb", "Ana and the Wolves", "La Prima Angélica", "Cría Cuervos", "Elisa, Vida Mía", "Deprisa, Deprisa", "Carmen", "Tango" and "Goya in Bordeaux".

Between 1967 to 1979, he was in a partnership with Geraldine Chaplin. In 1991, he won two Goya Awards.

Saura died of respiratory failure on 10 February 2023 in Madrid, Spain at the age of 91.


Raphael Warnock

Raphael Gamaliel Warnock (born July 23, 1969) is an American pastor and politician. He is the Junior United States Senator from Georgia since 2021.

He has been the senior pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta since 2005, the same church Martin Luther King Jr. was pastor for. 

Warnock ran in the 2020 Senate special election in Georgia against Senator Kelly Loeffler. In November 2020, Loeffler and Warnock advanced to the January 5, 2021 run-off election where he would go on to beat Loeffler. He later defeated former football player Herschel Walker in the 2022 runoff election.

Warnock was born in Savannah, Georgia.

Assis (footballer, born 1943)

Francisco de Assis Luz Silva (4 October 1943 – 9 September 2020) was a Brazilian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Ananindeua, Brazil.

He played for Clube do Remo between 1960 to 1967. He also played for Fluminense FC between 1968 to 1975. From 1976 to 1977, he played for Sport Club do Recife. In 1978, he played for Ceará Sporting Club.

Assis Luz Silva died on 9 September 2020, aged 76.

Clube do Remo

Clube do Remo (), or Remo, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football club from Belém in Pará. It was founded on 5 February 1905.


Congo clawless otter

The Congo clawless otter ("Aonyx congicus") is a type of otter. It is also called the Cameroon clawless otter.

The Congo clawless otter is found in Cameroon, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Burundi, Central African Republic, Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria, Rwanda, or Uganda. It lives in different habitats such as subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, subtropical or tropical swamps, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, freshwater spring, river deltas, saltwater lakes, saltwater marshes, rocky shores, sandy shores, estuary, intertidal flats, intertidal marshes, coastal saltwater lagoons, coastal freshwater lagoons, ponds, canals and ditches. It is threatened by habitat loss.

Nicki Clyne

Nicki Clyne is a Canadian actress. She played Cally Henderson Tyrol on the Sci-Fi Channel television series "Battlestar Galactica".


Wildlife of Afghanistan

Afghanistan is a country that has lots of amazing animals. Many of the large mammals in Afghanistan are threatened. These include the snow leopard, Marco Polo sheep, Siberian musk deer, markhor, urial, and the Asiatic black bear. Most of the Marco Polo sheep and ibex are being killed for food. While wolves, snow leopards and bears are being killed for prevent damage.

Here is a list of the animals that live in Afghanistan. They are:


Detective vs Sleuths

Detective vs Sleuths () is a 2022 Hong Kong crime thriller movie directed by Wai Kar Fai. It stars Sean Lau, Lam Fung and Charlene Choi.

Media (communication)

Media in communications are the tools used to deliver information or data. 

It includes mass media such as newspapers, photography, cinema, broadcasting (radio and television) and advertising.

Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable (ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ダイヤモンドは砕けない/Jojonokimyōnabōken: Daiyamondo Wa Kudakenai) is the 4th story arc of the manga and anime JoJo's Bizarre Adventure created by Hirohiko Araki. The story follows the adventures of Josuke Higashikata, Koichi Hirose, Okuyasu Nijimura, Jotaro Kujo and Joseph Joestar as they try defeating the killer, Yoshikage Kira.

Jungguy frog

The jungguy frog ("Ranoidea jungguy") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland.

This frog lives in rainforests near the Barron River and east to the Mirray River. Some of these frogs also live near the Broken River.

The adult male frog is 3.1 to 4.8 cm long and the adult female frog is 4.4 to 7.1 cm long. This frog is light brown with darker brown marks. Some males turn partially yellow during the time of year when they try to attract females. The front feet have no webbing and large discs for climbing.

In some places, this frog digs a small basin to lay eggs in. The tadpoles stay in this basin until they become frogs. The frog digs the basin in sandy ground where the sunlight comes through the trees. The frog digs the basin close enough to a stream for water to seep through the sand into the basin. In some species, a male frog digs a basin to impress a female so she will mate with him, but scientists think male jungguy frogs attract a female first and then dig the basin.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Litoria lesueuri".

Contronym

A contronym is a word with more than one meaning (sense), as one meaning is the reverse (opposite) of the other. For example, the word cleave can mean "to cut apart" or "to bind together". In a sentence its meaning can be clear, otherwise the word itself is ambiguous. Contronyms are also known as auto-antonyms.

Many other words are polysemic, because they have more than one meaning. However, most polysemic words are not contronyms.


Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is an American computer-animated superhero movie, based on the Spider-Man character, an superhero created by writer-editor Stan Lee. The movie was produced by Columbia Pictures, Sony Pictures Animation, Marvel Entertainment, Arad Productions, Lord Miller Productions and Pascal Pictures, It stars Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, and Liev Schreiber. It was released on December 14, 2018, and received widespread critical acclaim for its animation, story, characters, voice acting, music, visual style, action sequences, humor and themes.

Bitten by a radioactive spider in the subway, Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales suddenly develops mysterious powers that transform him into the one and only Spider-Man. When he meets Peter Parker, he soon realizes that there are many others who share his special, high-flying talents. Miles must now use his newfound skills to battle the evil Kingpin, a hulking madman who can open portals to other universes and pull different versions of Spider-Man into our world.

"Into the Spider-Verse" has two sequels: "" (released on June 2, 2023) and "", which is scheduled for release in TBA.

A female-focused spin-off film based on Gwen Stacy / Spider-Gwen is also in development.

Languages of South Asia

The languages of South Asia include a few major language families:


South Asia includes India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan, the Maldives, and sometimes Afghanistan.

Most Indo-Aryan languages grew from Sanskrit, an ancient language. It is hard to decide to define what is a language, and what is just a dialect (language variant). For example, Hindi and Urdu are similar when spoken, but Hindi is written in the Devanagari script and Urdu is written in the Persian-Arabic script. Hindi uses more words from Sanskrit, while Urdu uses more words from Persian and Arabic.

Only some of the Iranic languages are from South Asia. Others are from West Asia or Central Asia. This table shows the total number of people who speak each language.
About 130,000 people speak the five Nuristani languages.

A number of Tibeto-Burman languages are spoken in Nepal, Bhutan, Northeast India, Bangladesh, North India, and North Pakistan.

Most Austroasiatic languages are spoken in Southeast Asia, rather than South Asia. The Austronesian languages spoken in South Asia are part of the Munda and Khasic branches.

Most Kra-Dai languages are spoken in East Asia and Southeast Asia. About 10,000 people speak these languages in South Asia, in Assam and the surrounding area.

A language isolate is a language that is not known to be related to any other languages.

There are several native languages to the Andaman Islands. Originally they were grouped into Great Andamanese, Ongan, Jangil, and Sentinelese. Today, people have stopped speaking some of these languages, making them extinct.

The Burushaski language is spoken by about 100,000 people in North Pakistan. The Kusunda language is spoken by less than 100 people in Nepal. The Nihali language is spoken by 2,000 or so people in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. All of these are considered language isolates.

Abfaltersbach

Abfaltersbach is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ainet

Ainet is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Amlach

Amlach is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Anras

Anras is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Assling

Assling is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Außervillgraten

Außervillgraten is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oxide &amp; Neutrino

Oxide & Neutrino are a British DJ and MC garage duo, made up of Alex Rivers (Oxide) and Mark Oseitutu (Neutrino). The group was formed in 1999 in London. Their albums include "The Solid Sound of the Underground", "Execute", "2 Stepz Ahead", "2nd Chance" and "Quarks & Leptons (EP)".

Oxide & neutrino released their first single "Bound 4 Da Reload (Casualty) in 2000. It reached number one in the United Kingdom. It is known for sampling the theme music to the BBC medical drama series "Casualty".

They released their fifth single "Devil's Nightmare" in 2001 which was featured on the soundtrack.

Dölsach

Dölsach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gaimberg

Gaimberg is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Heinfels

Heinfels is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hopfgarten in Defereggen

Hopfgarten in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Innervillgraten

Innervillgraten is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Iselsberg-Stronach

Iselsberg-Stronach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Dead Calm (movie)

Dead Calm is a 1989 Australian psychological thriller drama movie directed by Phillip Noyce and starring Sam Neill, Nicole Kidman, Billy Zane. The screenplay by Terry Hayes was based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Charles Williams and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Thái Bình province

Thái Bình is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Thái Bình.

Vĩnh Phúc province

Vĩnh Phúc is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Vĩnh Yên.

Hà Tĩnh province

Hà Tĩnh is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hà Tĩnh.

Nghệ An province

Nghệ An is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Vinh.

Quảng Trị province

Quảng Trị is a province of Vietnam that is found in the North Central Coast region. Its capital is Đông Hà.

The province has about 650,000 people.

Thanh Hóa province

Thanh Hóa is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Thanh Hóa.

Thừa Thiên Huế province

Thừa Thiên Huế is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Huế.

Bắc Giang province

Bắc Giang is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Bắc Giang. Lychee is main fruit crop.

Bắc Kạn province

Bắc Kạn is a province of Vietnam that is found in the Northeast region. Its capital is Bắc Kạn.

Cao Bằng province

Cao Bằng is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Cao Bằng.

Lạng Sơn province

Lạng Sơn is a province of Vietnam, bordering Guangxi province in China. It is found in the Northeast region. Its capital is Lạng Sơn.

The province has an area of and as of 2019, it has 781,655 people.

Phú Thọ province

Phú Thọ is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Việt Trì.

Quảng Ninh province

Quảng Ninh is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hạ Long. The province covers an area of and as of 2014, it has 1,185,200 people.

Kals am Großglockner

Kals am Großglockner is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kals am Großglockner is twinned with:

Sheep and Wolves

Sheep and Wolves (russian: Волки и овцы: бе-е-е-зумное превращение) is a 2016 russian computer-animated adventure film. The film was produced by Wizart Animation, directed by Andrey Galat and Maksim Volkov.





Shawn Spears

Ronnie William Arneill (born February 19, 1981), better known by his ring name Shawn Spears, is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the NXT brand. He is also known for his time with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) from 2019 to 2023 and his previous runs with WWE under the ring names Gavin Spears (2006-2009) and Tye Dillinger (2013-2019). Arneill. along with wrestler Matthew Clement (better known as Tyler Breeze) run a wrestling school in Apopka, Florida, called Flatbacks Wrestling.


Kartitsch

Kartitsch is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lavant, Tyrol

Lavant is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Leisach

Leisach is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera

The Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera is a mid-size car produced from the 1982 to 1996 model years. The car is similar to the Buick Century, Chevrolet Celebrity and Pontiac 6000. In 1984, a wagon version was introduced as the Cutlass Cruiser.

In 1996 Cutlass name was dropped and sold as the Oldsmobile Ciera.

In Harm's Way

In Harm's Way is a 1965 American war movie directed by Otto Preminger and starring John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Patricia Neal, Tom Tryon, Paula Prentiss, Stanley Holloway, Burgess Meredith, Brandon deWilde, Jill Haworth, Dana Andrews, Franchot Tone, Henry Fonda. It was nominated for an Academy Award and won for an BAFTA Award in 1966. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Matrei in Osttirol

Matrei in Osttirol is a market town in the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nikolsdorf

Nikolsdorf is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nußdorf-Debant

Nußdorf-Debant is a market town in the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oberlienz

Oberlienz is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Obertilliach

Obertilliach is a municipality of the district of Lienz, in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Jakob in Defereggen

Sankt Jakob in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

List of Metroid characters

This is a list of Metroid characters.

Samus Aran, also known as Zero Suit Samus, is a bounty hunter in space and operates on Earth. She owns a gunship, and fights the Space Pirates. She was raised by the Chozo.

Ridley is an enemy of Samus who works for the Space Pirates. Ridley killed Samus's parents when she was a child.

Dark Samus is a version of Metriod Prime after absorbing a suit that Samus used to fight it. 

Mother Brain is the main antagonist in the Metroid franchise. She is the enemy of Samus as she leads the Space Pirates.

James City County, Virginia

James City County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 78,254 people lived there. Its county seat is Williamsburg.

Disembowelment

Disembowelment is when some or all of the belly organs are removed. They are usually removed through a horizontal cut across the belly area. Animals and fish are generally disembowelled before being eaten. 

Disembowelment may happen from an accident, but has also been used as a way to hurt or kill someone. Disembowelment has been used as a severe form of capital punishment.

Mummification, especially as practiced by the ancient Egyptians, started with the removal of internal organs before the preservation of the rest of the body. The removed organs were embalmed, stored in canopic jars and then placed in the tomb with the body.

List of presidents of the Senate of France

President of the Senate of France is a title often given to the leader of the senate of France. 

Presidents of the Senate:

Political party<br>


Virti Vaghani

Vaghani was born in Mumbai.

Vaghani was cast in advertisements for Whirlpool, Kwality Wall's, Clinic Plus Shampoo, Dettol Soap, Knorr Soup and Colgate.

In 2008, she played the child Radha in the television show "Jai Shri Krishna". In the same year, her first appearance in Bollywood was with the movie "Patiala House". 

In 2018, she appeared in the Bollywood movie "Hope Aur Hum", and in 2020, she had a minor role as the teenage daughter in the Disney+Hotstar web series "Aarya".


Brother Jed

George Edward "Jed" Smock, Jr. (January 4, 1943 – June 6, 2022), better known as Brother Jed, was an American evangelist who preaches in public at colleges. He has preached at colleges in all fifty U.S. states, and in some other countries. As a travelling preacher, he usually only spends a few days at each campus, going to the northern campuses in the fall and spring and the southern campuses in the winter months. In 2004 he moved to Columbia, Missouri where he often preached at the University of Missouri and other colleges around the Midwest. In the summer of 2013 he moved his ministry and residence to his hometown of Terre Haute, Indiana.

Smock died on June 6, 2022 in Terre Haute at the age of 79.

Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?

Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe? is a 1978 German American French Italian black comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1976 novel by Nan and Ivan Lyons. It stars George Segal, Jacqueline Bisset, Robert Morley, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Philippe Noiret, Jean Rochefort, Frank Windsor, Peter Sallis, Tim Barlow, Joss Ackland, Nigel Havers, Nicholas Ball. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Brokopondo District

Brokopondo is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Brokopondo.

As of the 2012 census, 15,909 people lived there. It has an area of .

Commewijne District

Commewijne is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Nieuw Amsterdam.

As of the 2012 census, 31,420 people lived there. It has an area of .

The Name of the Rose (movie)

The Name of the Rose is a 1986 German Italian French mystery drama movie directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Umberto Eno. It stars Sean Connery, F. Murray Abraham, Christian Slater, Helmut Qualtinger, Michael Lonsdale, Donal O'Brian, Ron Perlman, Andrew Birkin and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Coronie District

Coronie is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Totness.

As of the 2012 census, 3,391 people lived there. It has an area of .

Marowijne District

Marowijne is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Albina.

As of the 2012 census, 18,294 people lived there. It has an area of .

Nickerie District

Nickerie is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Nieuw-Nickerie.

As of the 2012 census, 34,233 people lived there. It has an area of .

Para District

Para is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Onverwacht.

As of the 2012 census, 24,700 people lived there. It has an area of .

Paramaribo District

Paramaribo is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Paramaribo.

As of the 2012 census, 240,924 people lived there. It has an area of .

Saramacca District

Saramacca is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Groningen.

As of the 2012 census, 17,480 people lived there. It has an area of .

Sherman Klump

Julius E. Kelp also known as Sherman Klump from remake film is a fictional character in the comedy film The Nutty Professor. He was played by Jerry Lewis and Eddie Murphy.

Sipaliwini District

Sipaliwini is a district of Suriname. It does not have a regional capital.

As of the 2012 census, 37,065 people lived there. It has an area of which is the largest district of Suriname by area.

Wanica District

Wanica is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Lelydorp.

As of the 2012 census, 118,222 people lived there. It has an area of .

Wolverine (character)

Wolverine (birth name James Howlett; alias Logan and Weapon X) is a fictional character which is today one of the most famous superhero character from the Marvel Comics universe. He is a member of the mutant team, the X-Men. He is create by Len Wein, Roy Thomas and John Romita Sr..


He was portrayed by Hugh Jackman in nine movies from 2000 to 2017.

Sankt Johann im Walde

Sankt Johann im Walde is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Veit in Defereggen

Sankt Veit in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Schlaiten

Schlaiten is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Watercraft

A watercraft is a vehicle that can move on the surface of the water. Some watercrafts can go under the water. Examples of watercrafts are boats, ships, hovercraft and submarines. Watercrafts are usually propelled by a sail, oar, paddle or engine.

There are different types of watercrafts. They are:

Watercraft use different ways to move. They are:

Watercrafts are used for fishing. They are also used to transport goods and services to different places. They are used by the military to attack when there is war.

Watercrafts are used in many types of water sports. Watercraft like submarines are used to explore the deep ocean. They are also used for leisure. Some watercrafts are also used to get natural resources from the ocean.

Sillian

Sillian is a market town in the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Strassen, Austria

Strassen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Thurn

Thurn is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tristach

Tristach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Untertilliach

Untertilliach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Virgen

Virgen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Bach, Austria

Bach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

The Edge (1997 movie)

The Edge is a 1997 American Canadian adventure movie directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Alec Baldwin, Anthony Hopkins, Elle Macpherson, L. Q. Jones, Bart the Bear. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Buick Century

The Buick Century is a car made from the 1936–1942, 1954–1958 and 1973–2005 model years.

It is a full-size car from 1936–1942 and 1954–1958 and a mid-size car from 1973–2005.

In 2005, it was succeeded by the Buick LaCrosse.

Brigitte Peskine

Brigitte Peskine (30 December 1951 – 5 September 2020) was a French author and screenwriter. She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. Her first novel was titled "Le Ventriloqu" and was published in 1985. She was known for writing the screenplays for the French sitcoms "Plus belle la vie" and "Candice Renoir".

Peskine died on 5 September 2020 in Paris, aged 68.

Malka Ribowska

Malka Ribowska (20 May 1931 – 5 September 2020) was a Polish-born French actress. She was born in Warsaw. 

Her best known movie roles were in "The Three Musketeers" (1961), "Sundays and Cybele" (1962), "Salad by the Roots" (1964), "The Shameless Old Lady" (1965), "Marvelous Angelique" (1965) and "Two Men in Town" (1973).

Ribowska died on 5 September 2020 in Paris at the age of 89.

Agnivesh

Agnivesh (born Vepa Shyam Rao; 21 September 1939 – 11 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Legislative Assembly from the Indian state of Haryana, an Arya Samaj scholar. He was best known for his work against bonded labour through the Bonded Labour Liberation Front, which he founded in 1981. 

Agnivesh was the president of the World Council of Arya Samaj from 2004 to 2014. and served as the chairperson of the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery from 1994 to 2004. He was born in Srikakulam, Madras Presidency.

Agnivesh died of multiple organ failure on 11 September 2020 in New Delhi, aged 80.

Sonny Allen

Sonny Allen (March 8, 1936 – September 11, 2020) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head coach at Old Dominion University from 1965 to 1975. He later coached Southern Methodist University during the 1975-76 until the 1979-80 seasons. He then coached the University of Nevada, Reno from 1980 to 1987. Allen was born in Moundsville, West Virginia.

Allen died on September 11, 2020 in Reno, Nevada from Parkinson's disease, aged 84.

Anthony Cekada

Anthony J. Cekada (July 18, 1951 – September 11, 2020) was an American Sedevacantist priest and author. He taught Canon Law, Liturgy, and Scripture at Most Holy Trinity Seminary in Florida. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

In 1983 Cekada, along with eight other priests, broke with the Society of St. Pius X (SSPX) over many theological issues and several years later formed the Society of St. Pius V (SSPV).

Cekada taught seminarians at St. Joseph's House of Studies, Armada, Michigan, and St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary, Ridgefield, Connecticut.

On September 2, 2020 Cekada was placed in hospice care in West Chester Township, Ohio after having a stroke. He died on September 11, 2020 at the age of 69.

Armada, Michigan

Armada (pronounced är-MÄ-də) is a village in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,684 at the 2020 census.

West Chester Township, Ohio

West Chester Township is one of the thirteen townships of Butler County, Ohio, United States. It is the most populous township in Ohio, with a population at the 2020 census of 64,830.

Toots Hibbert

Frederick Nathaniel "Toots" Hibbert, O.J. (8 December 1942 – 11 September 2020) was a Jamaican singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was known as the leader for the reggae and ska band Toots & the Maytals. His 1968 song "Do the Reggay" is a well known raggae song. He was born in May Pen, Colony of Jamaica.

In August 2020, Hibbert was hospitalized with COVID-19 and put in a coma in Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica. He died on 11 September 2020 from the infection, aged 77.

Once Around

Once Around is a 1991 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Holly Hunter, Danny Aiello, Richard Dreyfuss, Griffin Dunne, Laura San Giacomo, Gena Rowlands. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Nadhim Shaker

Nadhim Shaker Salim (; 18 December 1958 – 11 September 2020) was an Iraqi football player and manager. He played for the national team between 1978 and 1986. He was born in Baghdad. His playing career lasted from 1976 to 1988.

Shaker died on 11 September 2020 at a hospital in Erbil from COVID-19, aged 61.

Délio dos Santos

Délio dos Santos (4 October 1924 – 1 September 2020) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1979 to 1987. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement.

Dos Santos died of pneumonia on 1 September 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 95.

Antônio de Jesus Dias

Antônio de Jesus Dias (28 January 1942 – 3 September 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in Anápolis, Goiás. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies three separate times. Jesus Dias was Deputy between 1980 to 1981, again from 1987 to 1991 and again from 1991 to 1993. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement.

Jesus Dias died on 3 September 2020 in Rio de Janeiro from COVID-19, aged 78.

Anápolis

Anápolis is a Brazilian municipality of the State of Goiás. It is between two capitals, the federal capital Brasília and state capital Goiânia. It is the third most populous city in the state, with 361,991 people living there in 2012.

Alércio Dias

Alércio Dias (22 December 1942 – 3 September 2020) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. Dias was born in Joinville, Santa Catarina. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1983 to 1991, representing Acre for the Democratic Social Party. He was also a member of the Acre Legislative Assembly between 1995 to 1999.

Dias died on 3 September 2020 in Rio Branco, Acre from problems caused by a gastrointestinal hemorrhage, aged 77.

2017–2018 Iranian protests

The 2017–2018 Iranian protests were many public protests which happened in many cities throughout Iran beginning on 28 December 2017 and continuing into 2018. 

The first protest took place in Mashhad, Iran's second-largest city by population. At first, they focused on the economic policies of the country; however, as protests spread throughout the country and soon protested the regime of Ali Khamenei. 

According to "The Washington Post", protesters' chants and attacks on government buildings and chanted "Death to the dictator!".

In a backlash against the protests, thousands of government supporters staged pro-government rallies in more than a dozen cities across Iran.

2009 Iranian presidential election protests

Protests against the results of the controversial 2009 Iranian presidential election (), a controversial victory by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad happened in major cities nationwide from 2009 into early 2010. 

The protests were titled the Iranian Green Movement ( "Jonbesh-e Sabz") by its supporters and Persian Awakening, Persian Spring or Green Revolution.

Protests began the night of 12 June 2009. Ahmadinejad called the protests a little more than "passions after a soccer match".

The Iranian government confirmed the deaths of 36 people during the protests, while unconfirmed reports by Mousavi supporters allege at least 72 deaths (over twice as many) in the three months following the election.

Jean Cluzel

Jean Cluzel (18 November 1923 – September 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Moulins, Allier, France. 
Renowned in the 1980s for his reports about the audiovisual media, he was a member of the Senate between 1971 to 1998. He was a member of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques.

Cluzel died in September 2020, aged 96.

Gérard Larcher

Gérard Philippe René André Larcher (born 14 September 1949) is a French politician. He has been the President of the Senate since 2014. He was also the Senate President from 2008 to 2011. He is a member of The Republicans. He has been a Senator for the Yvelines department since 1986.

He also was Mayor of Rambouillet from 1983 to 2004 and again from 2007 until 2014.

Jean-Pierre Bel

Jean-Pierre Bel (born 30 December 1951) is a French retired politician. He was President of the Senate from 2011 to 2014. Bel is a member of the Socialist Party.

He was elected to the Senate in September 1998 and re-elected in September 2008. Bel was President of the Socialist Group in the Senate from 2004 to 2011.

List of presidents of the National Assembly of France

This article lists presidents of the French Parliament.


Richard Ferrand

Richard Ferrand (born 1 July 1962) is a French politician of La République En Marche! (LREM). He has been the President of the National Assembly since 2018. He has been the member of the National Assembly for Finistère's 6th constituency since 2012.

Louis Mermaz

Louis Mermaz (born 20 August 1931) is a French politician. He was born in Paris. 

Mermaz was a member of the Socialist Party. Mermaz was a member of the National Assembly from 1997 to 2001. He was President of the National Assembly between 1981 to 1986.

He was Minister of Agriculture from 1990 to 1992, and Minister of Relations with Parliament in the Bérégovoy government from 1992 to 1993.

John Fahey (politician)

John Joseph Fahey (10 January 1945 – 12 September 2020) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party of Australia. He was Premier of New South Wales from 1992 to 1995. He also served as Minister for Finance from 1996 to 2001. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1984 to 1996 and the Australian Parliament from 1996 to 2001. 

Fahey also was president of the World Anti-Doping Agency and later became chancellor of the Australian Catholic University.

Fahey was born in Wellington, New Zealand. He was married to Colleen Fahey. The couple had three children.

Fahey died of leukaemia on 12 September 2020 at the age of 75.

Richard William Timm

Richard William Timm (2 March 1923 – 11 September 2020) was an American Catholic priest, educator, zoologist, and development worker. He was the Superior of the Congregation of Holy Cross in Dhaka. He was a member of the Sacred Heart of Jesus Province. He was also one of the founders of Notre Dame College in Dhaka, Bangladesh. He was born in Michigan City, Indiana.

Timm died in South Bend, Indiana on September 11, 2020 at the age of 97.

Henryk Łapiński

Henryk Łapiński (2 January 1933 – 11 September 2020) was a Polish actor. He was born in Warsaw. He was known for acting in stage plays produced by the Ateneum Theatre and as Wachocki in "How I Unleashed World War II" (1970). He also appeared in "Man of Marble" (1977) and "A Short Film About Killing" (1988).

Łapiński died on 11 September 2020 in Warsaw, aged 87.

John Shrapnell

John Gordon Shrapnell (25 December 1934 – 2 September 2020) was a British-born New Zealand television journalist, actor and opera singer. He was born in London. He was best known for presenting on BBC's "Today", as well as Duty Editor at Visnews.

Shrapnell became a naturalised New Zealand citizen in 1974.

He appeared in "Revelations – The Initial Journey", "The Insider's Guide To Happiness", "Blonde Cargo", "Market Forces", "The Strip", and "A Question of Justice".

An opera singer, he performed at Wellington City Opera and The NBR New Zealand Opera.

Shrapnell was often confused with his cousin, veteran British actor John Shrapnel.

Shrapnell died in Wellington on 2 September 2020 at the age of 85.

Christine Psiwa

Christine Psiwa (born 1 April 1992) is a Kenyan volleyball player. She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix. On club level she played for Kenya Pipeline Company.


Yousef Saanei

Grand Ayatollah Yousef Saanei (; October 1937 – 12 September 2020) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a cleric and politician. He was a member of the Islamic Republic of Iran's powerful Guardian Council from 1980 to 1983 and also Attorney-General of Iran from 1981 to 1989. He was born in Isfahan, Iran.

Saanei died on 12 September 2020 in Qom, Iran from kidney failure caused by diabetes at the age of 82.

Mark Bomani

Judge Mark Bomani (2 January 1932 – 10 September 2020) was a Tanzanian politician and lawyer. He was Attorney General of Tanzania from 1965 to 1976 during the Julius Nyerere presidency. Later he was a Judge and ran a private law practice. He was born in 1932 in Bunda, Mara Region, Tanganyika. He was a member of the Chama Cha Mapinduzi. 

Bomani was also the chief aide to both Julius Nyerere and Nelson Mandela on peace negotiations during the first Burundian Civil War.

Bomani died on 10 September 2020 at the age of 88.

Mia Anna Stauß

Mia Anna Stauß (born 1 August 2002) is a German volleyball player. In 2016 she was selected for the Junior Women's National Team. She played at the 2018 CEV U17/U18 Volleyball European Championship, and 2020 CEV U19/U20 Volleyball European Championship. From 2017 to 2019, she played for the VC Olympia Dresden youth team. She then played for Erfurt, in the 2019/20 season.

Ceren Nur Domaç

Ceren Nur Domaç (born 16 July 1999) is a Turkish volleyball player. She plays for Sarıyer Belediyespor. She won a 2018 CEV Cup with Eczacıbaşı. She played for the Turkish national team, champion of the 2015 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival, and 2017 FIVB Women's U20 Championship.

Berwang

Berwang is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Biberwier

Biberwier is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. In 2020, 622 people lived there.

Martine Tabeaud

Martine Tabeaud (born 1951) is a French geographer, and climatologist. She teaches at the University of Paris Panthéon Sorbonne, since 1977. She studied at Institut national de l’information géographique et forestière. In 2019, she was appointed co-director of the International Geography Festival (FIG). Her work appeared in "Liberation".


My Blue Heaven (1950 movie)

My Blue Heaven is a 1950 American musical drama movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, David Wayne, Jane Wyatt, Mitzi Gaynor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Dreamboat (movie)

Dreamboat is a 1952 American comedy movie directed by Claude Binyon and starring Clifton Webb, Ginger Rogers, Anne Francis, Jeffrey Hunter. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Bichlbach

Bichlbach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. In 2020, 788 people lived there.

Bichlbach lies in the Zwischentoren, the valley that links the Ehrwald Basin with the Lech Valley. It consists of three villages: Bichlbach, Lähn and Wengle.

It borders the municipalities of Heiterwang to the northwest, Lermoos to the east and Berwang to the southwest.

Bichlbach was first mentioned in 1300 as "Puechelpach".

Breitenwang

Breitenwang is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nova Iguaçu

Nova Iguaçu is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. Its population in 2020 was 823,302 and has an area of 520,807 km².

Paraíba do Sul

Paraíba do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro.

Uberlândia

Uberlândia is an Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its population in 2020 was 699,097 and has an area of 4,115.206 km². It is the second largest city in the state of Minas Gerais, after the state capital Belo Horizonte.

Ehenbichl

Ehenbichl is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Chen Xiao (water polo player)

Chen Xiao (born 11 March 1999) is a Chinese water polo player. She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

Count noun

Count nouns are nouns that can be easily be counted. In languages like English, count nouns can be written without having to use any extra measure words. Since the nouns themselves, like "dog", "car", "people", "book", etc., are easy to count, the nouns themselves are treated as they were their own measure words. However, in East Asian languages, like Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, all nouns, both count and mass nouns, must have measure words.

Powell Butte, Oregon

Powell Butte is an unincorporated community in Crook County, Oregon, United States. Powell Butte post office was created in 1909.

Kroombit tree frog

The kroombit tree frog ("Ranoidea kroombitensis") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales.

This frog lives in Kroombit Tops between 500 and 900 metres above sea level.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog said they think it is related to the leaf green tree frog, "Litoria personaiana" and the mountain stream tree frog.

Ehrwald

Ehrwald is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Elbigenalp

Elbigenalp is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Elmen

Elmen is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Forchach

Forchach is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Grän

Grän is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Häselgehr

Häselgehr is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Heiterwang

Heiterwang is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is on the Heiterwanger See.

Hinterhornbach

Hinterhornbach is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Höfen, Tyrol

Höfen is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zilla (Godzilla character)

Zilla is a Godzilla movie character, introduced in the movie "Godzilla (1998)", a giant anthropomorphic mutated iguana monster named "Zilla" about 60 meters high and 90 meters long, attacked New York City in 1998, then in Australia attacked an another seperate species called the second "Zilla", in pressly.

Holzgau

Holzgau is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pseudorandomness

Pseudorandomness is a process which has a result that seems to be random. Even if the result seems to be random, the process can be predicted.

This near random process is important to online security. Because the result can be predicted, it is important that the ""seed,""(or first input) and the process are kept hidden.

The creation of random numbers has many uses, mostly in statistics, and simulations. Before computers, researchers that needed random numbers would get them from dice, cards, roulette wheels, etc, or by random number tables.

The first attempt to crate a large amount of random numbers was in 1927. This was when Cambridge University Press put out a list of 41,600 numbers made by L.H.C. Tippett. In 1947, the RAND Corporation created random numbers by simulating a roulette wheel using a computer. The results were published in 1955 with the title of, ""A Million Random Digits with 100,000 Normal Deviates"."

By using radioactive substances with radioactive decay, or by tuning a radio between stations, near random numbers can be created for short amounts of time. The time needed to get these numbers led to a change. This was using these generated numbers as a "seed" instead of a result. The less numbers created by this process, the more random the result would seem. Another compromise is to combine the timings between keystrokes of multiple people.

People's actions have been proven to be useful for Multi-factor authentication. Also, studies have shown that pseudo random numbers can sometimes be predicted. This becomes more difficult when in small amounts.

In theoretical computer science, a distribution (set of numbers) is considered to be pseudorandom if it is similar enough to other sets. This idea of pseudorandomness is studied and has importance in cryptography.



Jungholz

Jungholz is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is on the border to Bavaria, Germany.

Kaisers

Kaisers is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lechaschau

Lechaschau is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lermoos

Lermoos is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Musau

Musau is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Namlos

Namlos is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nesselwängle

Nesselwängle is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pfafflar

Pfafflar is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pflach

Pflach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Amelia Court House, Virginia

Amelia Court House is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Godzilla: Final Wars

Godzilla: Final Wars is a 2004 Japanese-American action-comedy adventure science-fiction giant monster film produced by Toho Co, Ltd. and Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. As the 50th anniversary of the Godzilla. As well the 29th film of Godzilla series.

in 2005, Gotengo joined forces with Godzilla takes against all creatures, Zilla, King Ceasar, Anguirus, Kamacuras, Kumonga, Ebirah, Hedorah, Gigan, Manda, Xiliens and Monster X/Kaizer Ghidorah. Protected the humans include, Minilla itself.
The film was released in Japan, December 4, 2004 by Toho and United States in DVD, December 13, 2005 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

Shrek Retold

Shrek Retold is a recreation of the 2001 film "Shrek", made by fans. It was released on November 29, 2018 to YouTube. YouTuber Grant Duffrin ("3GI") led the process of making the film. It features the work of over 200 creators, each making a single short part of the film.

As a recreation, "Shrek Retold" has the plot of the original film with only a few changes. The biggest difference between "Shrek Retold" and the original film is the strange ways each creator made their scene. As a group effort with over 200 creators, the art style, voice acting, and music change from scene to scene, and are usually very different from the original. Unlike the original "Shrek" which is completely 3D animated, "Shrek Retold" is made with 2D and 3D animation, live action, stop motion, and other methods. The film's creators include many internet personalities and actors, such as David Liebe Hart, Michael Cusack, Ratboy Genius, Anthony Fantano, Noah Munck, KC Green, Jamie Loftus, Doug Lussenhop, and SiIvaGunner.

"Shrek Retold" was made as group effort, although each creator made their part of the movie on their own. Director Grant Duffrin separated the film into scenes of different length, then each scene was remade by a creator. In an interview with "Quartz", Duffrin said his love of "Shrek" was real, not like the "ironic" "Shrek" internet memes that were popular at the time. Soon before the film's release, a trailer for the film was uploaded to the 3GI channel which was talked about by many news outlets. The film was first shown on YouTube to a live audience on November 29, 2018, and is still on the site. On November 29, 2019, 3GI announced that the film would be able to be purchased in VHS format and as a free digital download. In March 2020, "Shrek Retold" was followed up by "Sonic Rebuilt", a similar recreation of the 1999 "Sonic the Hedgehog" film.

"Shrek Retold" was received well by reviewers, who mostly complimented its impressive scope for a fan creation and its strange content.


Pinswang

Pinswang is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stimpy

Stimpson James Jonathan "Stimpy" Cat is a cartoon character in Spümcø and The Ren and Stimpy Show. He was created by John Kricfalusi and voiced by Billy West and Eric Bauza and first appeared in "Big Blue House".

Stimpy is a red Manx cat with a blue nose that has no tail. He’s body design was based on Tweety from Looney Tunes. Stimpy was named by John Kricfalusi’s classmate "Stimpy Cadogen". Billy said Stimpy’s voice was based on Larry Fine from The Three Stooges. Stimpy was voiced by Billy West from 1990 too 1996. In 2003 Stimpy was voiced by Eric Bauza. Some one fans ask Billy why he was not not in . Billy said "because the new series was not funny".

In 2012 Stimpy appeared in Nicktoons MLB.

Stimpy, along with Ren Höek has a cameo appearance in both Clueless and Space Jam.

Stimpy has also performed in Marvel Comics

Schattwald

Schattwald is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stanzach

Stanzach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Steeg, Austria

Steeg is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tannheim, Austria

Tannheim is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vils, Austria

Vils is a town in the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vorderhornbach

Vorderhornbach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wängle

Wängle is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Weißenbach am Lech

Weißenbach am Lech is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zöblen

Zöblen is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Achenkirch

Achenkirch is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Jane's Walk

Jane's Walk (Named after Jane Jacobs) is a international "New Urbanism movement" held every year in May in a series of cities walking tours. the audience is mostly volunteers who document the city and participate in discussions to improve the city. 


Nong Sanfeng

Nong Sanfeng (born 11 February 1998) is a Chinese water polo player. She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 Summer Universiade.


Aschau im Zillertal

Aschau im Zillertal is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Brandberg

Brandberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Bruck am Ziller

Bruck am Ziller is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Buch in Tirol

Buch in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

The name of the municipality was changed from "Buch bei Jenbach" on 29 June 2010.

Eben am Achensee

Eben am Achensee is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Maurach (the seat), Bächental, Hinterriß and Pertisau.

Finkenberg

Finkenberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fügen

Fügen is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fügenberg

Fügenberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gallzein

Gallzein is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Let's Groove

"Let's Groove" is a 1979 song from the R&B act Earth, Wind & Fire. It is on their album "Raise!". The song was one of the band's biggest hits. It peaked at #3 in the United States and the United Kingdom. The song was number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart for eight weeks. It was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of over one million copies.

Laura Wides-Muñoz

Laura Wides-Muñoz is an American journalist. She was a semifinalist for the 2018 John Kenneth Galbraith award. She worked at Associated Press, and for the Fusion network. In 2013, she was a Nieman fellow, at Harvard University. Her work appeared in "Foreign Policy," the "Washington Post, and Los Angeles Times." 



Angel of Independence

The Angel of Independence, officially known as Monumento a la Independencia, also known as El Ángel, is an column in Paseo de la Reforma, between Río Tíber and Florencia streets, in Mexico City.

It was installed in 1910 by president Porfirio Díaz. It keeps the bodies of many heroes.

East Asian languages

The East Asian language family or East Eurasian language family is a theoretical language family made up of the majority of the languages of East Asia and Southeast Asia. It includes the Sino-Tibetan language family, the Hmong-Mien language family, the Kra-Dai language family, the Austronesian language family, the Austroasiatic language family, the Koreanic language family, and the Japonic language family.

Honkai Impact 3rd

Honkai Impact 3rd () is a 3D free-to-play action role-playing mobile game. It was created by Chinese developer miHoYo. The game's story is set in an alternate version of Earth, plagued by catastrophes resulting from a mysterious supernatural force called "Honkai" (in Chinese it translates as "Chaos", while in Japanese, it is spelled as "Houkai"). It is the third entry in the "Honkai" series and spiritual successor to "Honkai Gakuen", using many characters from the previous title in a separate story.

Along with the mobile game himself, the storyline of "Honkai Impact 3rd" spans multiple supplementary media including an anime series, multiple manhua series, and promotional videos.


Ranoidea kumae

Ranoidea kumae is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in Southern Highlands Province. Scientists saw it in the Kikori River Basin and they may have also seen it in the Strickland River, always at least 100 meters above sea level.

A Letter to Three Wives

A Letter to Three Wives is a 1949 American romantic drama movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and based on the 1945 novel by John Klempner. It stars Jeanne Crain, Linda Darnell, Ann Sothern, Jeffrey Lynn, Paul Douglas, Kirk Douglas, Thelma Ritter and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards and won 2 Oscars in 1950.


The Ipcress File

The Ipcress File is a 1965 British thriller movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Len Deighton. It stars Michael Caine, Guy Doleman, Nigel Green, Sue Lloyd, Gordon Jackson, Aubrey Richards, Tony Caunter, Frank Gatliff and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Man of Marble

Man of Marble () is a 1977 Polish drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and starring Jerzy Radziwiłowicz, Krystyna Janda, Tadeusz Łomnicki, Krystyna Zachwatowicz.

Yaser Abdel Said

Yaser Abdel Said (pronounced SIGH-EED; born January 27, 1957) is an Egyptian-American taxi cab driver from Texas. He was captured on August 26, 2020 for the capital murders of his daughters Sarah (born 1990) and Amina (born 1989).

Said killed the two daughters on January 1, 2008. He was pretending to take them out to eat. Sarah dialed 911 and warned them that her dad had shot them. Yaser went on the run for twelve years. Yaser, before his arrest, was one of the FBI's Ten Most Wanted.

The murders were called an "honor killing".

Central Street

Central Street can refer to:


A Swedish Love Story

A Swedish Love Story (, ) is a 1970 Swedish teen drama movie directed by Roy Andersson. It stars Ann-Sofie Kylin and Rolf Sohlman.


Five Golden Dragons

Five Golden Dragons is a 1967 British West German Liechtenstein action adventure movie directed by Jeremy Summers and starring Bob Cummings in his final movie role, Margaret Lee, Rupert Davies. It was distributed by Anglo-Amalgamated and Constantin Film.


Gerlos

Gerlos is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gerlosberg

Gerlosberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hainzenberg

Hainzenberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hart im Zillertal

Hart im Zillertal is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hippach

Hippach is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Chevrolet Biscayne

The Chevrolet Biscayne is a full-size car produced by Chevrolet from the 1958 to 1972 model years. It is named after a show car displayed at the 1955 General Motors Motorama.

The Biscayne was the less expensive full-size model of Chevrolet.

It is similar to the Bel Air, Impala and Caprice.

Jenbach

Jenbach is a market town in the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It has about 7,000 people. It is in the Lower Inn Valley, 36 km east of the state capital Innsbruck.

Split Image (movie)

Split Image is a 1982 Canadian American drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Michael O'Keefe, Karen Allen, Peter Fonda, James Woods, Elizabeth Ashley, Brian Dennehy, Ronnie Scribner. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Kaltenbach

Kaltenbach is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mayrhofen

Mayrhofen is a market town in the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Battle of Singapore

The Battle of Singapore was a battle of World War II from 8 to 15 February, 1942. The British army of 85,000 men was led by Lieutenant General Arthur Percival, while the Japanese regiment of 36,000 men was headed by Lieutenant General Tomoyuki Yamashita. Japan captured the British naval base in Singapore, built as a protectionary agent for dominions in the Pacific. Japan defeated the inadequate forces at Singapore, allowing the Imperial Japanese forces to move further south in its war against the Allied powers. The defeat of the "Singapore Strategy" meant that thousands of British and Australian POW's were taken.

At the beginning of December 1941, on the same day that Japan was attacking Pearl Harbour half a world away, the Japanese simultaneously bombed the Royal Air Force bases to the north of Singapore on the Malay coast, thereby eliminating the Air Force’s ability to either retaliate or protect the occupying troops on the ground. Their tactics were shrewd and incredibly well thought out. Before a Japanese soldier set foot on Singaporean soil, Britain’s naval and aerial capabilities had both been destroyed.

The worst defeat in the history of British arms, the Battle of Singapore and the preceding Malayan Campaign saw Percival's command suffer around 7,500 killed, 10,000 wounded, and 120,000 captured. Japanese losses in the fighting for Singapore numbered around 1,713 killed and 2,772 wounded. While some of the British and Australian prisoners were kept at Singapore, thousands more were shipped to Southeast Asia for use as forced labor on projects such as the Siam–Burma (Death) Railway and Sandakan airfield in North Borneo.

Many of the Indian troops were recruited into the pro-Japanese Indian National Army for use in the Burma Campaign. Singapore would remain under Japanese occupation for the remainder of the war. During this period, the Japanese massacred elements of the city's Chinese population as well as others who opposed their rule.

Súdwest-Fryslân

Súdwest-Fryslân () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 89,710 people lived there. It is the largest municipality by area in the Netherlands.

Súdwest-Fryslân was created in 2011 from the former municipalities of Bolsward, Nijefurd, Sneek, Wûnseradiel and Wymbritseradiel. In 2014, it was enlarged by parts of the former municipality of Boarnsterhim. In 2018 it was enlarged by parts of former municipality of Littenseradiel.

Bolsward

Bolsward () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

Eric Dier

Eric Jeremy Edgar Dier (; born 15 January 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team. A versatile defensive player, Dier has been deployed as a defensive midfielder, a centre back and a right back.

Tottenham Hotspur

England


Nijefurd

Nijefurd is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland.

Nijefurd was created in 1984 from the former municipalities of Hindeloopen, Stavoren, and Workum, and part of Hemelumer Oldeferd. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

Optimal control

Optimal control theory is a theory from mathematics. It looks at how to find a good (usually optimal) solution in a dynamic system. The system is described by a function, and the problem often is to find values that minimize or maximize this function over an interval. 

There are several questions that arise:


In addition, there may be state restrictions. The state the system is in at a given point in time has to meet certain conditions. 

Most of the foundations of optimal control theory were done by Lev Pontryagin, in the Soviet Union, and Richard Bellman in the United States. 

An example of an optimal control problem might be a driver who wants to get from A to B in as little time as possible. There may be more than one route from A to B, and most of the time, the roads have speed limits.

Dantumadiel

Dantumadiel is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 18,923 people lived there.

Pill, Austria

Pill is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ramsau im Zillertal

Ramsau im Zillertal is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ried im Zillertal

Ried im Zillertal is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Rohrberg, Austria

Rohrberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Schlitters

Schlitters is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Chevrolet Bel Air

The Chevrolet Bel Air is a full-size car produced for 25 years from the 1950 to 1975 model years.

In 1975, it was succeeded by the Chevrolet Impala.

Schwendau

Schwendau is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Necessary and sufficient conditions

In science, the terms necessary and sufficient are often used. Some conditions are necessary, meaning that they are needed for something to happen. while others are sufficient, meaning that they are enough to make something happen. 

In logic, a necessary condition for a logical statement is a logical consequence of the statement, in the sense that if statement is true, then the condition must have held. 

A sufficient condition for a statement is a logical precursor of the statement, in the sense that if the condition is true, then so will the statement.

Generally, a sufficient condition for a statement needs not be a necessary condition for the same statement (and vice versa). This means that some sufficient conditions are not necessary, and that some necessary conditions are not sufficient.

In logic, the term if and only if (shortened to iff) is often used to describe a condition that is both necessary and sufficient.

Australian philosopher John Leslie Mackie introduced the term INUS condition. INUS stands for "insufficient, but necessary part of an unnecessary but sufficient condition""."


Stans, Austria

Stans is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Steinberg am Rofan

Steinberg am Rofan is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Strass im Zillertal

Strass im Zillertal is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stumm

Stumm is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stummerberg

Stummerberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Terfens

Terfens is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Guo Ning

Guo Ning (born 23 January 1995) is a Chinese water polo player.

She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships. 


Tux, Austria

Tux is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Uderns

Uderns is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vomp

Vomp is a market town of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wûnseradiel

Wûnseradiel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

INUS condition

INUS condition stands for an "insufficient, but necessary part of an unnecessary but sufficient condition." John Mackie introduced the term in the 1960s.
Mackie uses the example of a house burning: There was an electric short circuit that caused the fire. There was flammable material nearby, which started to burn after the short circuit happened. He then tries to explain the statement: "The short circuit caused the fire", according to the INUS condition:


INUS conditions need prior experience: Only after you have seen a house burning after a short-circuit putting flammable material on fire several times can you deduce that it is indeed sufficient.



Hammah

Hammah is a municipality of the district of Stade, in Lower Saxony, Germany. As of 2019, 3,124 people lived there.


Weer

Weer is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Weerberg

Weerberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wiesing

Wiesing is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zellberg

Zellberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lesueur's frog

LeSueur's frog, LeSuer's tree frog or the stony creek frog ("Ranoidea lesueurii") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales and parts of Victoria.

This frog lives in forests. It lives in dry forests and wet forests, such as rainforests. It can also look for food on land that humans use to graze animals. The female lays eggs in pools next to streams and other places where the water does not flow quickly. The eggs stick to the undersides of rocks and to the bottom of the body of water.

This frog can catch the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

Bi Yanan

Bi Yanan (born 6 December 1998) is a Chinese water polo player.

She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 Summer Universiade. 

Isoprene

Isoprene is a common organic compound produced by living things. Its full chemical name is 2-methyl-1,3-butadiene, and its formula is CH=C(CH)−CH=CH. Isoprene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon. It is produced by many plants and animals (including humans). Its polymers are the main component of natural rubber.

Isoprene is produced and emitted by many species of trees (major producers are oaks, poplars, eucalyptus, and some legumes). Yearly production of isoprene emissions by vegetation is around 600 million metric tons, half from tropical broadleaf trees (that is, flowering plants) and the rest mainly from shrubs. 

This is about the same as methane emissions. It accounts for about one-third of all hydrocarbons released into the atmosphere. In deciduous forests, isoprene makes up about 80% of hydrocarbon emissions. Microscopic and macroscopic algae also produce isoprene, but much less than trees.

Isoprene emission may help trees use to combat stress. In particular, isoprene does protect against moderate heat stress (around 40 °C). It may also protect plants against large fluctuations in leaf temperature. Isoprene is built into cell membranes and helps membranes keep stable.

Isoprene produces the blue haze which gives the Blue Ridge Mountains their name. 

Never Say Never Again

Never Say Never Again is a James Bond movie starring Sean Connery and directed by Irvin Kershner. It is the only remake of another James Bond movie, "Thunderball". It is also the one of the few James Bond movies not made by Eon Productions.


Stade du 7 Mars

Stade 7 Mars () is a stadium in Ben Guerdane, Tunisia. It is currently used mostly for football. The stadium holds 10,000 of which 4,000 are covered, and was built in 2000. It is used by the US Ben Guerdane.

The date of 7 March corresponds to the day of the Battle of Ben Guerdane which takes place on 7 March 2016 in Tunisia. The clashes between the Tunisian security forces and the jihadists of the Islamic state (IS).

Ben Guerdane

Ben Gardane or Bengardane ( or , ""; ) is a commune and coastal town in south eastern Tunisia, close to the border with Libya. It is located at around .

During the Second World War Ben Gardane Airfield was used by the 57th Fighter Group, which flew P-40 Warhawks from the airfield from 9 to 21 March 1943 during the Eighth Army advance into Tunisia from Libya, to which the 57th was attached. It was also used by Spitfires from the 601 Squadron RAF.
The town belongs to the governorate of Medenine. Located 423 km - 559 km by road - from Tunis, it is the city furthest from the capital.

It is the last major city in the governorate of Medenine with total population estimated at 79,912 inhabitants in 2014. It is located 32 kilometers from the Tunisian-Libyan border.

It is best known both in Tunisia and Libya as a trade road and an open exchange market. Tunisians take advantage of the availability and variety of the goods existing in the shops. The great amount of these goods are basically imported from Libya and deemed less expensive.

It is distinguished for its large population of dromedaries estimated at 15,000 head. An annual festival devoted to them during the month of June.

In March 2016, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Libya attacked the town in the Battle of Ben Guerdane.

According to "The Washington Post", "hundreds of young men have left Ben Guerdane over the past three decades to wage jihad in Iraq, Afghanistan and Bosnia, radicalized in part by a repressive regime that persecuted Islamists".

The leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi famously said of Ben Gardane, "if it was located next to Fallujah, we would have liberated Iraq."

There is a mixture of Berbers and Arabs, who from the "Twazin" tribal alliance which took place centuries ago as a tribal defense shield against the invasion, especially from the east towards Libya. There is no historical record as to the date of the establishment of this alliance but the inhabitants of Bengardane still have this bond and are said to be proud of the alliance. Beside the "Twazin", there are other large tribes such as Jelidat, Rabai'a which have participated in shaping the heritage, culture and way of life in Bengardane .


Chenda

The Chanda (Malayalam: ചെണ്ട, [tʃeɳʈa]) is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala, Tulu Nadu of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in India. In Tulu Nadu (Coastal Karnataka), it is known as "chende". It is greatly identified as a cultural element in Kerala.
This instrument is famous for its loud and rigid sound. A Chenda has two sides, the left side called "Edamthala" (ഇടം തല)(Left Head) and the right side "Valamthala" (വലം തല)(Right Head). The "Edamthala" is made of only one/two layer of cow skin and the "Valamthala" will have a five/seven layer skin, so as to have a bass sound. The skin are dried in the shade and fastened on wooden rings (Chenda Vattam, ചെണ്ട വട്ടം) made of the trunk of a locally available palm tree (Eeranpana) or bamboo, using a gum prepared from the seed of a tree called "pananchi maram". The circular frame is kept in a vessel, boiled for an entire day and then bent in the form of circle and dried. The body of the Chenda which is 1 ft in diameter and 1.5 inches thickness is made of the soft wood of the jackfruit tree (വരിക്ക പ്ലാവ്) (Varikka Plavu). The thickness is again reduced by 0.25 inches, at simultaneous points separated by 4 inches. This is done in order to produce highly resonating sound. Only the wooden rings with the skin (Chenda Vattam) is replaced once the quality of the sound is not up to the mark. For regular Chenda artists an average of 15 rings are required every year.
The Chenda is mainly played in Hindu temple festivals and as an accompaniment in the religious art forms of Kerala. The chenda is used as an accompaniment for Kathakali, Koodiyattam, Kannyar Kali, Theyyam and among many forms of dances and rituals in Kerala. It is also played in a dance-drama called Yakshagana (Tenku Thittu) which is popular in Tulu Nadu in Karnataka. There is a variant of this instrument used in northern school of Yakshagana called Chande. It is traditionally considered to be an "Asura Vadyam" ((demonic instrument)) which means it cannot go in harmony. Chenda is an inevitable musical instrument in all form of cultural activities in Kerala.

In Kerala the craft of making Chenda is now associated with some few "Perumkollan" (smith) families at Peruvembu, Nemmara, Lakkidi, Vellarkad and Valappaya villages. Many famous Chenda percussionists in Kerala make their Chendas from Vellarkad village for it is famous for the quality of the instrument.

Malindi

Malindi is a town lying on the Indian Ocean coast of Kenya. It is 120 kilometres northeast of Mombasa.

Malindi has a tropical savanna climate ("As" in the Köppen climate classification). The area shows classic examples of Swahili architecture. Malindi developed as part of Swahili Civilization in the 5th–10th centuries.

The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama met Malindi authorities in 1498 to sign a trade agreement and hire a guide for the voyage to India, when he erected a coral pillar.

During World War II Malindi was one of only two towns in East Africa bombed by the Italians. This happened on 24 October 1940.
After the World War II Malindi began developing into a resort.
Malindi is home to the Malindi Airport and Broglio Space Centre (the previous San Marco Equatorial Range).

Novel "“MALI D’AFRICA”" (by Sara Cardelli) describes the impossible love in Malindi.

Most of the events in the novels "“Once in Malindi”" and "“Our Wild Sex in Malindi”" (by Andrei Gusev) take place in Malindi, Watamu, Lamu. The novel describes a few years living in Malindi of Russian writer Andy and his wife Jennifer, who was born in Kenya.

Song "“Yasoi Malindi”" by Yasoy Kala Kana.

Wymbritseradiel

Wymbritseradiel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

Dongeradeel

Dongeradeel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân.

Noardeast-Fryslân

Noardeast-Fryslân () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. It was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former municipalities of Dongeradeel, Ferwerderadiel and Kollumerland en Nieuwkruisland.

In 2019, 45,181 people lived there.

King and Queen County, Virginia

King and Queen County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 6,608 people lived there. Its county seat is King and Queen Court House.

King George County, Virginia

King George County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 26,723 people lived there. Its county seat is King George.

King William County, Virginia

King William County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 17,810 people lived there. Its county seat is King William.

Lancaster County, Virginia

Lancaster County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 10,919 people lived there. Its county seat is Lancaster.

Lee County, Virginia

Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 22,173 people lived there. Its county seat is Jonesville.

Louisa County, Virginia

Louisa County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 37,596 people lived there. Its county seat is Louisa.

Lunenburg County, Virginia

Lunenburg County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 11,936 people lived there. Its county seat is Lunenburg.

Madison County, Virginia

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 13,837 people lived there. Its county seat is Madison.

Mathews County, Virginia

Mathews County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 8,533 people lived there. Its county seat is Mathews.

Middlesex County, Virginia

Middlesex County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 10,625 people lived there. Its county seat is Saluda.

Montgomery County, Virginia

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 99,721 people lived there. Its county seat is Christiansburg.

Nelson County, Virginia

Nelson County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 14,775 people lived there. Its county seat is Lovingston.

New Kent County, Virginia

New Kent County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 22,945 people lived there. Its county seat is New Kent.

Northampton County, Virginia

Northampton County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 12,282 people lived there. Its county seat is Eastville.



Leesburg, Georgia

Leesburg is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Lee County.

Hinesville, Georgia

Hinesville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Liberty County.

Betim

Betim is an Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its population in 2019 was 439,340 and has an area of 343,856 km².

Nadezhda Iarondaikina

Nadezhda Iarondaikina (born 30 November 1994) is a Russian water polo player.

She played at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Glee (season 1)

The first season of the musical comedy-drama television show "Glee" originally premiered on May 19, 2009 and ended on June 8, 2010 on FOX in the United States. The first season had 22 episodes and was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Ryan Murphy Television. The first season features the Fictional William McKinley High School Glee Club “New Directions” located in the namesake school in Lima, Ohio. It also shows the glee club in several competitions; local, regional and nationals which was held in New York City. Relationships,Sexuality and other issues were explored in the first Season of Glee. This Season explored the interpersonal relationships between the members of the Glee Club and some of the staff and the club’s goals of winning and becoming a team.

CD-i games from The Legend of Zelda series

Link: The Faces of Evil, Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon and Zelda's Adventure were all Legend of Zelda games made for the Phillips CD-i video game console. They are some of the few Zelda games made for a video game console that was not owned by Nintendo. The games all received bad reviews for their poor game design, bad animation, and bad voice acting. Despite not being well-known at the time these games came out, the games became more well-known because of the internet.

In 2023, Zelda’s Adventure have unofficial demake on Game Boy.

Evgeniia Abdriziakova

Evgeniia Abdriziakova (born 7 June 1988) is a Russian water polo player. She played at the 2014 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 

Anastasia Verkhoglyadova

Anastasia Verkhoglyadova (born 12 June 1995) is a Russian water polo player.

She played at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2014 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship. and 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Yelena Starodubtseva

Yelena Starodubtseva (born 26 February 1989) is an Kazakhstani female water polo player. She was a member of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team. 

She was a part of the team at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Agnee Morcha

Agnee Morcha is a Hindi action movie from Bollywood starring Dharmendra, Ravi Kishan, Mukesh Khanna, directed by Raju Chouhan and produced by Rajesh Kothari. The film was released on 4 April 1997 under the banner of Shiva Dolly Films.


Idakka

The idakka (Malayalam: ഇടയ്ക്ക, literally", in the middle"), also spelt edaykka/edakka, is an hourglass-shaped drum from Kerala in south India. This handy percussion instrument is very similar to the pan-Indian damaru. While the damaru is played by rattling knotted cords against the resonators, the idakka is played with a stick. Like the damaru, the idakka's pitch may be bent by squeezing the lacing in the middle. The idakka is slung over the left shoulder and the right side of the instrument is gently beaten with a thin curve-ended stick.

Kombu (instrument)

Kombu or Kombu Pattu is a musical instrument. It is a long horn. People play this instrument by blowing into it. This instrument is used in the music from Kerala in southern India.

Princess Charlotte of Wales

Princess Charlotte of Wales (7 January 1796 – 6 November 1817) was the daughter of George IV, King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and his wife, Caroline of Brunswick. She was their only child.

Charlotte was born in London on 7 January 1796. On 2 May 1816, she married Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, who later became Leopold I of Belgium. On 5 November 1817, she gave birth to a stillborn boy. On 6 November 1817, she died from complications of the birth.

Princess Charlotte

Princess Charlotte might refer to:




2000 Year Old Man

The 2000 Year Old Man is a comedy sketch. It was first created by Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks in the 1950s. It was then first performed public in the 1960s. Brooks plays a 2000-year-old man. He is interviewed by Reiner in a series of comedy routines that were turned into a collection of records and also performed on television.

The main story for the sketches were laid during the making of "Your Show of Shows". Here, Reiner was an actor and Brooks was a writer. Reiner explains the first sketch:

It was originally a joke between the two that was then shared at parties. Reiner started bringing a tape recorder to the parties because of this. Lots of people such as George Burns said to the two that they should their sketches on an album. Only Steve Allen, however, wasa able to convince them to record it in his studio.

Their first television appearances while doing the sketch were on "The Ed Sullivan Show" in February 1961. It was then seen on "The Steve Allen Show" 8 months later.

Reiner and Brooks released five comedy albums. The 2000 Year Old Man character was shown on one track for each of the first three albums and was always shown in the last two.


It won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.

List of transport standards organisations

This is a list of transport standards organizations:

Kimberly water-holding frog

The Kimberly water-holding frog, long-footed frog, collared frog, blotchy frog or variegated burrowing frog ("Ranoidea longipes") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Kimberly region in Western Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland.

This frog lives in grasslands. It likes to dig in the ground. The females lay eggs in shallow water, 50 to 2000 at a time. The tadpoles grow into frogs after one month.

Social order

The term social order can be used in two ways: 

It may mean a particular system of social structures and institutions. Examples are the ancient, the feudal, and the capitalist social orders. 

Secondly, social order is the opposite of social chaos or disorder. It refers to a stable society where the existing social structure is supported by its members. 

The problem of order (the Hobbesian problem} is central to much of sociology, political science and political philosophy. It asks how and why social orders should exist at all.

Thomas Hobbes was the first to clearly formulate the problem. He answered with the notion of a social contract.

Social theorists (such as Karl Marx, Émile Durkheim, Talcott Parsons, and Jürgen Habermas) have proposed different explanations for what a social order consists of, and what its real basis is.


Call of Duty 2

Call of Duty 2 is the second installment of the Call of Duty series.

Glee: The 3D Concert Movie

Glee: The 3D Concert Movie is a 2011 American 3D movie. It is based on the Fox television series "Glee". It features the cast performing during the "Glee Live! In Concert!" tour.

Loa

Loa are the spirits of Voodoo. They are also referred to as "mystères" and "the invisibles" and are intermediaries between Bondye (from French Bon Dieu, meaning "good God") and humanity. They have their own personal likes and dislikes, songs, dances, ritual symbols (Veve), and special modes of service.

The word "Loa" ("lwa") comes from Yoruba "olúwa" (meaning "lord" or "God").

There are many families of loa: Rada (also Radha), Petro (also Pethro, Petwo), Agwé, Nago, Kongo and Ghede (also Guede, or Gede) among others. In a ritual the loa are called down by the "houngan" (priest) or "mambo" (priestess) to take part in the service, receive offerings, and grant requests.

Tepexpan man

The Tepexpan Man is the name of a skeleton, which was found on the shore of the former Lake Texcoco in central Mexico. Archaeologist Helmut de Terra discovered it in February 1947. It is at least 10,000 years old. Even though it is called the Tepexan "Man," the skeleton is that of a woman. The skeleton was found lying face down with the arms under the chest and the legs drawn up to the stomach. The body most likely sunk into the mud surrounding it, leaving the shoulder, back, and hips exposed, which might explain why those elements are missing. It is possible that the body was originally put in a lake.

The deposits of the area where the skeleton was found dated the site where Tepexpan Man was found to about 8,000 to 10,000 years ago. Near the skeleton, there were the remains of five mammoths. They could be associated with obsidian flakes. Therefore, it was originally believed that Tepexpan Man dated to about 10,000 years ago. However, years later, researchers looked at the skeleton again and dated the remains using radiocarbon methods. It was then found to be closer to 2,000 years old. Dr. Silvia Gonzalez, a professor of geoarchaeology at John Moore University in Liverpool, used uranium isotope analysis to date the skeleton. Results showed that Tepexpan Man was 4,700 years old. She argues that contamination of the remains led to the wrong radiocarbon dates. Other critics have claimed that Tepexpan Man was an intrusion in that he was buried at a later date but dug into Pleistocene materials.

An analysis of Tepexpan Man that was published in the 1947 issue of The Science Newsletter claims that the individual was at least 40 at the time of death. This was determined by "united seams in the skull" (referring to sutures), and fused epiphyses in long bones.

In his first report, Helmut de Terra claims that "The other bones, in conjunction with the skull, indicate that the person was of male sex." Based on DNA analysis, a Mexican archaeologist has proposed that Tepexpan 'man' was actually a woman.

Tepexpan Man has a healed fracture on his right ulna. De Terra thought that due to this fracture and the proximity to mammoth fossils, Tepexpan Man may have been a hunter who was either killed by his fellow men or mortally wounded while hunting. The Science Newsletter claims that the individual suffered from a stiff neck due to the many limy deposits on the cervical vertebrae. This means that Tepexpan Man most likely suffered from arthritis.

The Science Newsletter described Tepexpan man in its 1947 edition. It described Tepexpan Man as having "a high-domed, thin-walled skull" which contained "a brain the same size as those of present-day Indians." The writers described a "solidly built" jawline and "prominent" brow ridges, as well as a "sharply prominent chin" which would separate him from earlier Neanderthals. Tepexpan Man only had three teeth left in his upper jaw. In his lower jaw, all of the molars had disappeared before his death. This was evidenced by the alveolar sockets being healed and smoothed over in the mandible. What was left on the mandible included incisors, "eye-teeth," and premolars that were worn but still in decent condition.

Dr. Gonzalez also reconstructed the environment of Lake Texcoco around the time of Tepexpan Man by analyzing sediments and fossils from the area. With her team, she analyzed sand, clay, and volcanic ash, as well as fossils of diatoms (microscopic algae) and ostracods. Ostracods are small crustaceans. When Tepexpan Man was alive, the lake was very deep, full of fish, and surrounded by trees. The environment surrounding Lake Texcoco changed a lot over the past 20,000 years: There were several volcanic eruptions. Water levels, and several types of vegetation also changed. These environmental changes clearly affected populations living in the area. Today, Lake Texcoco has almost dried up. It is on the northeast outskirts of Mexico City.

AMS radiocarbon dates of the sediments at Tepexpan show ages between 19,110±90 and 612±2214C years BP. New uranium-series date the skeleton to 4,700±200 years BP, which would indicate a Holocene age. The evidence suggests that there were large changes around Lake Texcoco in terms of the balance between water and land plants, C3 and C4 plants, saline, alkaline and freshwater conditions, volcanic activity, reworking of lake sediments, and input from the drainage basin throughout the late Pleistocene and late Holocene. These changes also had large effects on the prehistoric human populations living around the lake at this time.


Androgyne

Androgyne is the combination of any two genders or gender identities, usually man and woman, or genders related to masculinity and femininity, associated with androgyny. Different from androgynous, it's used as a gender identity rather than being a gender expression or presentation.

The word is a mixture of ἀνδρ- (anér", andr-, andro-", man) and γυνή (gunē, gyné", gyne", woman).

Operation Moonshot

Operation Moonshot is a programme by the UK government to allow many people in England to be tested for COVID-19 as a way to allow large gatherings of people to happen there while maintaining control over the virus. According to the "British Medical Journal", the programme aims to perform 10 million tests per day by 2021.

People are worried about it because, as a leaked government document says, it is thought it may cost £100bn, which is about three-quarters of what the NHS England costs every year. Statisticians say because any test can have inaccuracies, mass testing at this scale might cause hundreds of thousands of false positives a day, resulting in very large numbers of people being told they are infected when they are not infected.

Quesadilla

A quesadilla is a typical Mexican dish. It is a tortilla, with added cheese. The quesadilla is then folded, and either baked or fried. In the area around Mexico City, other ingredients such as meat or mushrooms are added as well.

Kathleen Byerly

Kathleen M. Bruyere (née Donahue, previously Byerly; 5 February 19443 September 2020) was an American military captain in the United States Navy. She was one of the twelve women named by "Time" magazine as Time Person of the Year in 1975.

In May 1975, she became the first female officer in the Navy to became the flag secretary to an admiral commanding an operational staff. 

In 1977, Byerly was one of six officers who sued the United States Secretary of the Navy and the United States Secretary of Defense over their being restricted from serving on combat aircraft and ships. This led to the 1948 Women's Armed Services Integration Act being struck down as unconstitutional.

Byerly was born in Norfolk, Virginia. She died of cancer on 3 September 2020 in San Diego, California at the age of 76.

Narong Wongwan

Narong Wongwan (; 25 December 1925 – 10 September 2020) was a Thai politician and tobacco businessman. He was a long-term member of parliament representing Phrae.

He was the leader of the United Thai Party and the Justice Unity Party. He was publicly known as the "godfather" "(jao pho)" of Phrae or even "godfather of the North".

From 1983 to 1986, he was the Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives. In 1992 for a short time, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand.

Wongwan died on 10 September 2020 at a hospital in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand from dementia, aged 94.

Bill Heller

Dr. Harold William "Bill" Heller (September 3, 1935 – September 11, 2020) was an American politician and educator. He was born in Scales Mound, Illinois. Heller was a member of the Democratic Party. From 2007 to 2011, he was a member of the Florida House of Representatives. 

Heller died on September 11, 2020 in St. Petersburg, Florida at the age of 85.

H. Jay Melosh

H. Jay Melosh (June 23, 1947 – September 11, 2020) was an American geophysicist. His works focused in impact cratering. He was born in Paterson, New Jersey. In 2003, he became a member of the National Academy of Sciences.

Melosh's research interests include impact craters, planetary tectonics, and the physics of earthquakes and landslides. His recent research includes studies of the giant impact origin of the moon and the Chicxulub impact.

Melosh died on September 11, 2020 at the age of 73.

Sei Ashina

Ashina killed herself on September 14, 2020 in Tokyo from hanging at the age of 36.

Petko Christov

Petko Jordanov Christov, O.F.M.Conv. (; 9 October 1950 – 14 September 2020) was a Bulgarian Roman Catholic prelate. He was a Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nicopoli from 1994 until his death. Christov was born in Velcevo, Veliko Tarnovo. 

Christov was president of the Catholic charity Caritas in Bulgaria and member of the Episcopal Conference of Bulgaria.

Christov died on 14 September 2020 at the age of 69.

François Debré

François Debré (3 April 1942 – 14 September 2020) was a French screenwriter and journalist. He was a member of the Société des gens de lettres. He was born in Toulouse, France. He was the son of Prime Minister Michel Debré.

He joined the magazine "Afrique contemporaine" in 1966 before becoming a freelance journalist in 1968. He worked in Biafra for "Le Monde", and in Cambodia and Vietnam for "L'Obs" and "Le Point". 

Debré died on 14 September 2020 in Montlouis-sur-Loire, France at the age of 78. His brother, Bernard Debré died the day before.

Sabit Brokaj

Sabit Brokaj (7 January 1942 ) was an Albanian politician, doctor, and professor. In 1991 Brokaj was the Minister of Health of Albania. He was also the Defence Minister between 1997 to 1998. He was a member of the cabinets of Rexhep Meidani and Ramiz Alia. Brokaj was born in Vlorë, Albania.

Mario Cafiero

Mario Alejandro Hilario Cafiero (21 January 1956 – 13 September 2020) was an Argentine politician. He was a member of Proyecto Sur. He was born in Buenos Aires. Cafiero was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1997 to 2005. In 2011, he unsuccessfully ran for Governor of the Buenos Aires Province.

Cafiero died on 13 September 2020 of colon cancer in Buenos Aires, aged 64.

Bernard Debré

Bernard Debré (30 September 1944 – 13 September 2020) was a French urologist and politician. He was a member ("député") of the National Assembly of France from 2012 to 2017. He was one of the representatives of the city of Paris. He was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. From 1992 to 2001, he was the Mayor of Amboise.

Debré was born in Toulouse, France. He was the son of Prime Minister Michel Debré and twin-brother of Jean-Louis Debré.

Debré died on 13 September 2020 of cancer at the age of 75. His brother, François Debré died the next day.

György Keleti

György Keleti (18 May 1946 – 13 September 2020) was a Hungarian politician. He was Minister of Defence between 1994 and 1998 during the Gyula Horn cabinet. From 1992 to 2010, he was a member of the National Assembly. He was born in Lučenec, Czechoslovakia. 

Keleti died on 13 September 2020 from a long-illness in Budapest, aged 74.

Raghuvansh Prasad Singh

Raghuvansh Prasad Singh (6 June 1946 – 13 September 2020) was an Indian politician. In the Lok Sabha, represented the Vaishali constituency of Bihar between 1996 to 2014. He was the national vice president of the Rashtriya Janata Dal political party until 2010. He was born in Vaishali, Bihar.

Singh died of COVID-19 on 13 September 2020 in New Delhi at the age of 74.

Jean-Louis Debré

Jean-Louis Debré (born 30 September 1944) is a French politician.

He was President of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 and President of the Constitutional Council from 2007 to 2016. 

He was the son of Prime Minister Michel Debré. 

He was Minister of the Interior from 1995 until 1997 during the presidency of Jacques Chirac. Since 2016 he has been President of the Superior Council of Archives.

Joaquín Carbonell

Joaquín Carbonell Martí (12 August 1947 – 12 September 2020) was a Spanish singer-songwriter and poet. He was born in Alloza, Spain. His career began in 1976. He wrote columns about traditional Argentine music on "El Periódico de Aragón". He was known for performing with Jose Antonio Labordeta. His last concert was in 2014. 

Carbonell died on 12 September 2020 in Zaragoza, Spain from COVID-19, aged 73.

Carlos Casamiquela

Carlos Horacio Casamiquela (June 9, 1948 – September 12, 2020) was an Argentine agricultural engineer and politician. He was appointed Minister of Agriculture of Argentina between November 2013 to December 2015. Casamiquela was born in Viedma, Río Negro Province.

Casamiquela died from COVID-19 on 12 September 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 72.

Viedma

Viedma () is the capital and fourth largest city of the Río Negro Province, in South-Central Argentina. In 2020, 80,632 people lived there. It is located on the southern margin of the Negro River, about 30 kilometres off the Atlantic Coast.

Río Negro (Argentina)

Río Negro (; "Black River") is the most important river of the Argentine province of Río Negro, and Patagonia. Its name comes from the literal translation of the Mapuche term "Curu Leuvu", although the water is more green than black. 

Formerly, it was also known as "river of the willows" because of the big number of weeping willows that grow along the bank. It's 635 km in length.


Aline Chrétien

Aline Chrétien (née Chaîné; May 14, 1936September 12, 2020) was a Canadian socialite. She was the wife of Canada's 20th prime minister, Jean Chrétien. In her later life, she was a trained pianist with The Royal Conservatory of Music. He was born in Shawinigan, Quebec. Between 1993 to 2003, she was the Spouse of the Canadian Prime Minister.

Chrétien died on September 12, 2020 in Shawinigan, Quebec from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 84.

Geills Turner

Geills Turner (née Kilgour; born December 23, 1937) is a Canadian businesswoman and socialite. She was the wife of John Turner, the 17th Prime Minister of Canada. Between June 1984 to September 1984, Turner was the Spouse of the Prime Minister of Canada. Turner was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Spouse of the prime minister of Canada

The spouse of the prime minister of Canada () is the wife or husband of the prime minister of Canada. Sophie Grégoire Trudeau was the wife of the 23rd and current prime minister, Justin Trudeau.

To date, 19 women have been the wives of the prime minister of Canada; Kim Campbell, the only female prime minister to date, was unmarried during her time in office.

Some media outlets have styled prime ministers' wives as the "First Lady of Canada", similar to the style of "First Lady". 

Vale of Leven Academy

Vale of Leven Academy is a secondary school in Alexandria, Scotland.

The school opened in 1884, as North Public School. It became a secondary school in 1909. In 1962 it moved to it's current location. The school is located in the south of Alexandria.

A new extension to the building was built in 1973 because the school was overcrowded.

In 1996 the school was used for scenes in a Scottish television show called Take the High Road.

On Saturday, 22nd June 2002, the extension to the school was set on fire and was destroyed. Classes were taught in temporary huts after the fire.

A new building was constructed in 2009 and the original building was demolished.

A bomb was brought in by a pupil in 2011 as part of a history project. The school was evacuated. The Royal Naval Bomb Disposal Squad removed the bomb and it was safely blown up.

In September 2018, the school was evacuated because of a fire started by a pupil in the toilets. There was not a lot of damage and the school reopened the next day.

Head teachers include:



Bob Crowell

Robert Lamson Crowell (November 28, 1945 – September 12, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was elected Mayor of Carson City, Nevada in 2008. He was mayor until his death. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Crowell was born in Tonopah, Nevada.

Crowell died at a hospital in Reno, Nevada on September 12, 2020 at the age of 74.

Tonopah, Nevada

Tonopah ( ) is an unincorporated town in and the county seat of Nye County, Nevada, United States. In the 2020 census, the population was 2,179.

Florence Howe

Florence Rosenfeld Howe (March 17, 1929 – September 12, 2020) was an American feminist author, publisher, literary scholar and historian. She was known as one of the leaders of the contemporary feminist movement. Howe was born in New York City.

She taught black children in a Mississippi freedom school during 1964 and chaired the Modern Language Association commission on the Status of Women in the Profession.

In 1967, she signed a public statement declaring her intention to refuse to pay income taxes in protest against the U.S. war against Vietnam. 

Howe also founded The Feminist Press in 1970.

She was a professor at State University of New York.

Howe died on September 12, 2020 at her home in New York City from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 91.

Shadow congressperson

The posts of shadow United States senator and shadow United States representative are held by elected or appointed government officials from subnational polities of the United States that do not have congressional vote. While these officials are not seated in either chamber of Congress, they seek for their political office to gain voting rights in Congress.






Cuties

Cuties (French: Mignonnes) is a 2020 French coming-of-age comedy-drama movie. It was written and directed by Maïmouna Doucouré. The movie stars Fathia Youssouf, Médina El Aidi-Azouni, Esther Gohourou, Ilanah Cami-Goursolas and Maïmouna Gueye. The movie is about a French-Senegalese Muslim girl who becomes interested in internet culture, even though a lot of it is against her religion. The film was first shown at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival on 23 January 2020. It was released in France on 19 August 2020, and to the rest of the world on 9 September 2020 on Netflix.

Critics mainly said that the movie was good, but many people online did not like the movie as they thought it showed children in a sexual way. The National Center on Sexual Exploitation agreed with the people online, and said that Netflix should not have released the movie.


Armoured frog

The armoured frog, armoured mist frog or Alexandra Creek tree frog ("Ranoidea lorica") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland.

The adult male frog is 2.7 to 3.3 cm long and the adult female is 3.3 to 3.7 cm long. It is gray or brown in color with a white belly. Its eyes can be silver or gold in color. It has a round head and a short nose. It has vomerine teeth on its upper jaw. It has more webbing on its hind feet than on its front feet, and it has discs on its front toes. Male frogs grow spikes out of their skin when it is the time of year to attract females.

This frog is related to the waterfall frog.

Traveling Wilburys

The Traveling Wilburys were a British–American rock supergroup. It was a group of five singers who came together to make two albums, groups of songs sold together. The Traveling Wilburys were Tom Petty, Roy Orbison, Bob Dylan, George Harrison, and Jeff Lynne. They made two albums: "The Traveling Wilburys: Volume 1" and "The Traveling Wilburys: Volume 3". "Rolling Stone" said Volume 1 was one of the 100 best albums of all time.

The Traveling Wilburys started in 1988. The international department at Warner Brothers Records asked George Harrison to write a B-side song for his single, "This Is Love". In vinyl records, there is one song (or group of songs) on the top of the disc, and then the user can pick the disc up, turn it over, and have the record player play music on the bottom of the disc. The top is called the A side and the bottom is called the B side. In the late 1980s, most record companies sold single records with a famous song on the A side and a new song on the B side. Harrison wrote "Handle with Care" to be the B-side for "This Is Love". Because some of Harrison's friends were there keeping him company, they decided to sing "Handle with Care" together. The record company decided "Handle with Care" was too good a song to be a B-side, so they asked the men if they would make a whole album.

They did some of the recording in Bob Dylan's own studio in his outbuilding for his car. They did some of the work in Dave Stewart's kitchen. Stewart was in the band the Eurythmics.

The name "Traveling Wilburys" comes from "We'll bury." When he was recording his album "Cloud Nine", Harrison noticed some errors in the recording and said "Well bury them in the mix." At first the band was the Trembling Wilburys but they changed it to the Traveling Wilburys.

The musicians used pretend names for the album: George Harrison was "Nelson Wilbury," Bob Dylan was "Lucky Wilbury," Roy Orbison was "Lefty Wilbury," Tom Petty was "Charlie T. Jr.," and Jeff Lynne was "Otis Wilbury." This was meant as a joke and not to trick anyone. The Wilburys were five fictional brothers who all had the same father, Charlie T. Wilbury Sr., but different mothers.

Inside the paper around the album, there was also a pretend history of the Wilburys: "The original Wilburys were a stationary people who, realizing that their civilization could not stand still for ever, began to go for short walks – not the ‘traveling’ as we now know it, but certainly as far as the corner and back."

The Traveling Wilburys' first album, "Traveling Wilburys: Volume 1" was released in 1988. It reached #3 on Billboard's list of very good albums and sold enough copies for triple platinum.


The song "Tweeter and the Monkey Man" was written to make fun of the kinds of songs written by Bruce Springsteen up to that point.

The Traveling Wilburys' second album, "Traveling Wilburys: Volume 3" was released in 1990. Its title is not a mistake. Harrison skipped the number 2 on purpose.

Agata Tnasheva

Agata Tnasheva (born 6 February 1989) is an Kazakhstani female water polo player. She was a member of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team.

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Hanna Hanholz

Hanna Hanholz (born 17 November 1987) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2009 Women’s Water Polo World League. and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for SV Blau-Weiß Bochum.

Blue Bloods (TV series)

Blue Bloods is an American police procedural drama television series that airs on CBS on September 24, 2010. It stars Tom Selleck, Donnie Wahlberg, Len Cariou, and Bridget Moynahan. Its main characters are members of the fictional Reagan family, an Irish-American Catholic family in New York City with a history of work in law enforcement, especially in the New York City Police Department (NYPD). The series is set and shot in New York City.


Alexandra Schilling

Alexandra Schilling (born 9 November 1981) is a German female water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2009 Women's Water Polo World League, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


Hurricane Sally

Hurricane Sally was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm threatened the United States Gulf Coast States of Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. Sally first developed near the Bahamas, moved over Florida, then became a tropical storm.

Tropical storm and hurricane notices were put up from Louisiana to northwest Florida as Sally came toward the region. Several million people prepared for the hurricane. Others left the area.

The storm later hit Alabama and northwestern Florida while a Category 2 hurricane.

Claudia Kern

Claudia Kern (born 28 January 1990) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Enrique Ramón Fajarnés

Enrique Ramón Fajarnés (1929 – 14 September 2020) was a Spanish politician and lawyer. He was born in Santiago de Compostela, Spain. Ramón Fajarnés was Mayor of Ibiza from 1971 to 1974. He was a Senator between 1982 to 1986. He was also a Deputy from 1986 to 1993. He was a member of the Union of the Democratic Centre.

Ramón Fajarnés died on 14 September 2020 in Ibiza at the age of 91.

Daniel Soulage

Daniel Soulage (14 February 1942 – 14 September 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Monflanquin, Lot-et-Garonne. He was a member of the Senate of France from 2001 to 2011, who represented the Lot-et-Garonne department. He was a member of the Centrist Alliance. 

Soulage was also Mayor of Monflanquin from 1983 to 2008 and Deputy from 1993 to 1997. 

Soulage died on 14 September 2020 in Lot-et-Garonne at the age of 78.

Christian Manen

Christian Manen (3 July 1934 – 11 September 2020) was a French composer and music teacher. In 1961 he won the Premier Grand Prix de Rome with the cantata "La Loreley". He worked at the Villa Medici in Rome until 1965. That same year, he began working at Conservatoire de Paris.

Manen died on 11 September 2020 at the age of 86.

Takashi Sugimura

Sugimura died on September 6, 2020 from heart failure in Tokyo at the age of 94.

Josephine Langford

Josephine Langford (born 18 August 1997) is an Australian actress. She is best known for her starring role as Tessa Young in the movies "After" and "After We Collided".

Dominique Kalifa

Dominique Kalifa (12 September 1957 – 12 September 2020) was a French historian, educator and columnist. He was born in Vichy, France.

Kalifa was professor at the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne. He was a member of the Institut Universitaire de France.

He was also taught at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po) from 2008 to 2015, and was several times visiting scholar at New York University and the University of Saint Andrews.

From 1990, he was also a columnist (historical reviews) for the French newspaper "Libération".

Kalifa killed himself on his 63rd birthday on 12 September 2020.

Atilio Pozzobón

Atilio Ángel Pozzobón (24 March 1938 – 12 September 2020) was an Argentine actor. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was known for his roles as Francesco in "Son of the Bride" (2001), as Saligani in "Lost Embrace" (2004) and as the movie Czar in "Ay Juancito" (2004). 

Pozzobón died on 12 September 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 82.

Linus Okok Okwach

Linus Okok Okwach (20 October 1952 – 12 September 2020) was a Kenyan Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Homa Bay. He was appointed as bishop of Homa Bay on 18 October 1993 and he resigned on 20 February 2002. Okwach was born in Kisumu, Kisumu County.

Okwach died on 12 September 2020 from problems caused by a fall at a hospital in Nairobi at the age of 67.

Azmi Mohamed Megahed

Azmi Mohamed Megahed (; 15 April 1950 – 12 September 2020) was an Egyptian volleyball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Dakahlia, Egypt.

Megahed died on 12 September 2020 in a hospital in Cairo due to COVID-19 at the age of 70.

First Blood

First Blood is 1982 American action movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1972 novel of the same name by David Morrell. It stars Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Brian Dennehy, Bill McKinney, David Caruso, Alf Humphreys and was distributed by Orion Pictures. It is the first movie in the "Rambo" franchise.


Annette Jahns

Annette Jahns (24 June 1958 – 11 September 2020) was a German operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto, and opera director. She appeared at international opera houses and festivals, with a focus on contemporary music including world premieres. She taught at the Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber Dresden. Jahns was born in Dresden.

Jahns died from a long illness in Dresden on 11 September 2020 at age 62.

Jack Roland Murphy

Jack Roland Murphy (or "Murph the Surf" or "Murf the Surf") (May 26, 1937 – September 12, 2020) was an American convicted murder and robber. He was also involved in the biggest jewel heist in American history, the 1964 burglary of the jewel collection of New York's American Museum of Natural History.

He was released from prison in 1986. He spent his latter years as an ordained minister, working with inmates in the field of prison ministry. He was born in Oceanside, California.

Murphy died on September 12, 2020 in Crystal River, Florida of heart and multiple organ failure, aged 83.

László Gálos

László Gálos (3 April 1933 – 11 September 2020) was a Hungarian volleyball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bátaszék, Hungary.

Gálos died on 11 September 2020 in Budapest at the age of 87. 

Srećko Štiglić

Srećko Štiglić (11 June 1943 – 10 September 2020) was a Croatian hammer thrower. He competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Štiglić's personal best was 70.10 m, set in 1981. He was born in Zagreb, Yugoslavia.

Štiglić died on 10 September 2020 at the age of 77.

Dickson Wamwiri

Dickson Wamwiri Wanjiku (December 24, 1984 – September 6, 2020) was a Kenyan taekwondo practitioner. Wamwiri qualified for the men's 58 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, after winning the championship title from the African Qualification Tournament in Tripoli, Libya.

Wamwiri died on September 6, 2020 from cardiac arrest in Nairobi at the age of 35.

Zelmar Casco

Zelmar Casco (31 July 1926 – 5 September 2020) was an Argentine fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in La Plata, Argentina.

Casco died on 5 September 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 94.

Orlando Bauzon

Orlando "Orly" Bauzon (November 17, 1944 – September 5, 2020) was a Filipino basketball player and coach. He was born in Calasiao, Pangasinan. Between 1973 to 1978, he played for the Toyota Super Corollas. He also played for the national team for the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Bauzon died on September 5, 2020 from cardiac arrest in Manila at the age of 75.

Félix Suárez Colomo

Félix Suárez (6 December 1950 – 3 September 2020) was a Spanish racing cyclist. He competed in the sprint event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Cistérniga, Spain.

Suárez Colomo died on 3 September 2020 at the age of 69.

Nada Birko

Nada Birko (1 November 1931 – 1 September 2020) was a Yugoslavian cross country skier during the 1950s. She finished 14th in the 10 km event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. Birko was born in Mrkopalj.

Birko died on 1 September 2020 in Zagreb at the age of 88.


Terje Steen

Terje Steen (13 January 1944 – 1 September 2020) was a Norwegian ice hockey player. He was born in Oslo, Norway and represented the club Vålerengens IF. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1968 and 1972.

Steen died on 1 September 2020 in Oslo at the age of 76.

List of speakers of the National Assembly of Republika Srpska

This article lists the speakers of the National Assembly of the Republika Srpska.


Nedeljko Čubrilović

Nedeljko Čubrilović (born 5 April 1953) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He was the 6th Speaker of the National Assembly of Republika Srpska from 2014 to 2022.

In 2000, he joined the Democratic People's Alliance (DNS). Shortly after, he was elected as the 1st president of the newly established DEMOS on 22 December 2018 in Banja Luka.

Nedeljko is married to Miloja Čubrilović, and they have a son named Đuro and a daughter named Mirjana. They live in Banja Luka, where Nedeljko works.

Momčilo Krajišnik

Momčilo Krajišnik (; 20 January 1945 – 15 September 2020) was a Bosnian Serb politician.

Along with Radovan Karadžić, he co-founded the Bosnian Serb nationalist Serb Democratic Party (SDS). 

Between 1990 and 1992, he was speaker of the People's Assembly of Republika Srpska. Between June and December 1992, he was member of the expanded Presidency of Republika Srpska.

After the Bosnian War, he was elected Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the September 1996.

In 2006, Krajišnik was found guilty of committing crimes against humanity during the Bosnian War (1992–95) by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and was sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment. H

Krajišnik was hospitalized in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska with COVID-19. He died on 15 September 2020 from the infection, aged 75.

President of Republika Srpska

The President of Republika Srpska is the highest executive authority in Republika Srpska, an entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 

It is one of the executive authorities. The president of Republika Srpska is directly elected for a term of four years.

Rajko Kuzmanović

Rajko Kuzmanović (; born 1 December 1931) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He was President of the Republic of Srpska from 7 December 2007 to 15 November 2010.

He replaced the Acting President Igor Radojičić. Kuzmanović won the election against Ognjen Tadić of the Serbian Democratic Party with 41.33% of the vote.

Željka Cvijanović

Željka Cvijanović (born 4 March 1967), is a Bosnian Serb politician, serving as the 8th and current Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina. She was the 9th President of Republika Srpska from 2018 until 2022. 

She was the 11th Prime Minister of Republika Srpska from 12 March 2013 to 19 November 2018. 

On 7 October 2018 she was elected to be President of Republika Srpska. Cvijanović is a member of the Alliance of Independent Social Democrats.

At the 2022 general election, she became the first woman to be elected member of the Presidency.

List of prime ministers of Republika Srpska

This article lists the prime ministers of Republika Srpska.


Radovan Višković

Radovan Višković (; born 1 February 1964) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He is the 13th and current Prime Minister of Republika Srpska, and a member of the Alliance of Independent Social Democrats (SNSD).

National Assembly (Republika Srpska)

The National Assembly of Republic of Srpska () is the legislative body of the Republika Srpska, one of two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The current assembly is the ninth since the founding of the entity.


President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina represents the Federation and is a head of the federal executive power. Term of the Federal President is 4 years.

Safet Halilović

Safet Halilović (3 April 1951 – 10 May 2017) was a Bosnian politician and professor. 

Halilović was President of "Renaissance", a Bosniak cultural association, from 1990 to 1992. He was President of the Bosniak Cultural Centre, Sarajevo from 1995 to 1998.

He was the 6th President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1 January 2002 until 27 January 2003. He was also the Minister of Civil Affairs from 23 December 2002 to 11 January 2007 and then Minister of Human Rights and Refugees from 11 January 2007 until 12 January 2012.

Halilović died in Sarajevo on 10 May 2017 at the age of 66.

Marinko Čavara

Marinko Čavara (born 2 February 1967) is a Bosnian Croat politician. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He is the 10th President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Fadil Novalić

Fadil Novalić (born 25 September 1959) is a Bosnian politician. In 2015, he became Prime Minister of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

He is a member of the Party of Democratic Action (SDA).

House of Peoples of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The House of Peoples of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is an upper house of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the lower being the House of Representatives. Federal laws need to be passed by both houses. 

The House of Peoples is made out of 17 delegates from each of the constitutive nations of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs as well as seven delegates of the minorities. The House of Peoples has one chairman and two vice-chairmans.

Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Serbo-Croat-Bosnian: "Parlament Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine"/Парламент Федерације Босне и Херцеговине) is the bicameral legislature of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (FBiH).

The lower house is the House of Representatives, while the upper house is the House of Peoples. The House of Representatives is made up of 98 members, while House of Peoples is composed of 58 members. 

In total, the Parliament is made up of 156 members. Members of the House of Representatives are chosen by secret ballot, while members of the House of Peoples are chosen by each Cantonal legislature.

House of Representatives of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The House of Representatives of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the lower house of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the legislative body of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina.


List of members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

This article lists the members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina since the country's independence on 1 March 1992.

The Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina is made of three members, each member representing one of three constitutive nations of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Bosniaks, Bosnian Croats (elected from the Federation) and Bosnian Serbs (elected from Republika Srpska). 

Fikret Abdić

Fikret Abdić (born 29 September 1939) is a Bosnian politician and businessman.

In 2002 he was convicted on charges of war crimes against Bosniaks loyal to the Bosnian government by a court in Croatia and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment, which was later reduced on appeal to 15 years by the Supreme Court of Croatia.

On 9 March 2012, he was released after having served two thirds of his reduced sentence.

Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Serbo-Croatian: "Predsjedništvo Bosne i Hercegovine" / Предсједништво Босне и Херцеговине) is the three-member body which serves as head of state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the presiding member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which collectively serves as head of state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Živko Radišić

Živko Radišić (, ; 15 August 1937 – 5 September 2021) was a Bosnian Serb politician. He was the 5th Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

From 1982 to 1985 he headed the defense ministry of SR Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 1996, he became a founding member of the Socialist Party of Republika Srpska.

Radišić was elected Bosnian Serb member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Presidency in September 1998, defeating the incumbent Momčilo Krajišnik by 45,000 votes. 

Radišić died on 5 September 2021 at a hospital in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina at the age of 84.

Milorad Dodik

Milorad Dodik (; born 12 March 1959) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He is the Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Šefik Džaferović

Šefik Džaferović (born 9 September 1957) is a Bosnian politician currently representing the Bosniak presidency in the country. He is the 8th and current Bosniak Member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

He is the current Vice-president of the Party of Democratic Action (SDA) as well.

From 2002 until 2018, he was as a senior member of the House of Representatives of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Royal Astronomical Society

The Royal Astronomical Society (RAS) is a learned society and charity that supports the study of astronomy, solar-system science, geophysics and closely related branches of science. 

Its headquarters are in Burlington House, on Piccadilly in London. The society has over 4,000 members ("Fellows"), most of them professional researchers or postgraduate students. Around a quarter of Fellows live outside the UK.

Scepter

A scepter is an ornamented wooden staff carried by rulers. A sceptre is used on ceremonial occasions as a symbol of sovereignty.

Wanda Seux

Juana Amanda Seux Ramírez (3 January 1948 – 2 September 2020), better known as Wanda Seux, was a Paraguayan-born vedette, dancer, and actress. Her career began in 1973. Her best known roles were in "La vida difícil de una mujer fácil" (1979), "Spicy Chile" (1983) and "Paradas Contínuas" (2009). 

Seux died on 2 September 2020 in Mexico City from problems caused by multiple strokes and breast cancer at the age of 72.

Al Kasha

Alfred Kasha (January 22 1937 – September 14, 2020) was an American songwriter. He was best known for "The Morning After" from "The Poseidon Adventure". He was born in New York City. He also wrote the Aretha Franklin single "Operation Heartbreak".

Kasha died on September 14, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 83.

Tam Ping-man

Tam Ping-man (14 November 1933 – 5 September 2020) was a Hong Kong actor and singer. He was known as the "dubbing king". In addition, he was the first horse racing commentator in Hong Kong. He was born in British Hong Kong. Tam was known for his roles as Uncle Fortune in "Exiled" (2006), Big Boss in "Wild City" (2015) and in "House of Wolves" (2016).

Tam died on 5 September 2020 in Hong King at the age of 86.

Lennart Forsberg

Lennart Forsberg (28 March 1928 – 6 September 2020) was a Swedish footballer. He played as a left winger. Forsberg debuted in 1945 with GIF Sundsvall. He also played for Djurgården.

Forsberg died on 6 September 2020 at the age of 92.

M. S. Gill

Manohar Singh Gill (born 14 June 1936) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Indian National Congress party. He was the Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports. He represents Punjab in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.

Kutztown, Pennsylvania

Kutztown is a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States, southwest of Allentown and northeast of Reading. As of the 2020 census, the borough had a population of 4,162.

Glacier Bay water shrew

The Glacier Bay water shrew ("Sorex alaskanus") is a type of mammal in the family Soricidae. It only lives in Alaska in the United States. It can swim underwater. The water shrew can run on the surface of the water. It eats the nymphs of invertebrates that live in the water. It also eats invertebrates that live on land.

2020 Sudan floods

In September 2020, a large amount of rainfall in Sudan caused a massive flood across at least 16 Sudanese states with the Blue Nile reaching water levels not seen for a century. 

It is the most severe floods recorded in the region. A state of emergency was declared, and teams have worked to prevent damage to threatened archaeological sites. 

The flood affected more than 500,000 people, destroyed more than 100,000 homes, and killed over 100 people.

The Comeback Trail (2020 movie)

The Comeback Trail is an upcoming crime comedy movie written and directed by George Gallo. It is a remake of the 1982 movie of the same name by Harry Hurwitz. It stars Robert De Niro, Tommy Lee Jones, Morgan Freeman, Zach Braff, Emile Hirsch and Eddie Griffin.

The movie is scheduled to be released on November 13, 2020, by Cloudburst Entertainment.

Arena da Amazônia

Arena da Amazônia ("Amazon Arena") is a football stadium in Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil, located on the former site of the Vivaldão stadium. 

The stadium has an all-seater capacity of 44,300 and was constructed from 2010 to 2014 as part of Brazil's hosting of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. 

It hosted matches of the football tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics. During the World Cup, the arena had a limited maximum-capacity of 40,549.

Cinereus shrew

The cinereous shrew ("Sorex cinereus") is a type of shrew. It is found in Alaska, Canada, and the northern United States. It is also called the masked shrew or the common shrew.

It is grey-brown in colour. It light grey belly and a pointed snout. It has a long tail. Its body is about 9 cm in length including a 4 cm long tail. It weighs about 5 g. They can live up to two years.

It lives in most of northern and southern North America to the Rocky Mountains in the west, and to the Appalachians in the east. This species was introduced into Newfoundland in the late 1950s. It can be found in many types of habitats like arid grasslands, places with lots of water, woodlands, and tundra. It mostly lives in humid places and with lots of plants to hide in.

Cinereus shrews eat insects, worms, snails, small rodents, salamanders, and seeds. They can only live for a few hours without food because of their high metabolism.

Predators include larger shrews, hawks, owls, shrikes, snakes, herons, foxes, leopard frogs, bluebirds, brown trouts, and weasels.

The cinereus shrew can be diurnal or nocturnal depending on the weather. It digs tunnels but also uses tunnels made by other small mammals. It uses dry grass to make nests in these tunnels. It does not like other shrews to come into its territory.

Cinereus shrews breed from May to September. Females give birth to 6 to 7 young ones. The young ones are born hairless and do not have claws. They become sexually mature at two months. But they wait until their first spring to breed.

Ranoidea macki

Ranoidea macki is a frog from Indonesia. It lives in Papua Province. Scientists have only seen it in the headwaters of the Wapoga River.

Mandy Zollner

Mandy Zollner (born 17 April 1985) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Tatjana Steinhauer

Tatjana Steinhauer (born 28 January 1990) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

At the club level, she played for Hannoverscher SV, and SV Blau-Weiß Bochum.

American pygmy shrew

The American pygmy shrew ("Sorex hoyi") is a type of shrew. It found in Northern Alaska, Canada, and the northern and southern United States.

It is found in northern coniferous and deciduous forests of North America. It is believed to be the second-smallest mammal in the world. Because of its fast metabolism, it is always eating.

The American pygmy shrew is the smallest mammal native to North America. Its is about 5 cm (2 in) long. It weighs about 2.0 to 4.5 g (0.07 to 0.16 oz). Its fur is reddish or grayish brown during the summer. It is white-gray during the winter. It molts about two times a year. It has a narrow head with a pointed nose, and whiskers. The eyes are small.

They are found from Northern Alaska, to the Rocky Mountains. They are also found from the Great Lakes region, to the Appalachians, to the eastern side of Canada. Even though the American pygmy shrew prefers wet habitats, it has been seen in places with both wet and dry soil.

It mainly eats insects and insect larvae, and worms. To stay alive, the American pygmy shrew has to eat every 15 to 30 minutes, day and night.

Predators of the American pygmy shrew include hawks, brook trout, owls, snakes, and domestic cats.

Little is known about the reproduction of American pygmy shrews. They appear to mate all year round. The gestation period is estimated to be 18 days. Females give birth to three to eight young ones. They usually leave the family at the age of 25 days. The maximum lifespan of an American pygmy shrew is believed to be about 16–17 months.

Pygmy shrews dig through soil to look for food. They can use tunnel made by other animals to help them look for food. They do not sleep or rest for a long time. They have great senses of smell and hearing to help them find their food.

Anja Seyfert

Anja Seyfert (born 9 April 1990) is a German female water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's Water Polo World League, and 2016 Women's Water Polo Olympic Qualification Tournament.

She studied medicine.


COVID-19 pandemic in Liechtenstein

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Liechtenstein in early March 2020. With total population of 38,749 (as of 31 December 2019), in 29 March infection rate is 1 case per 472 people.

On 3 March 2020, the first case was reported in the country with a young man who had contact with an infected person in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2020, one person died from the virus in Liechtenstein.

Kaspar Villiger

Kaspar Villiger (pronounced Caspar Feeleeger; born 5 February 1941) is a Swiss businessman and politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1989–2003). In 1995 and again in 2002, he was President of the Swiss Confederation. Villiger was born in Lucerne. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland.

In 2004, he became member of the board of directors of Nestlé and Swiss Re.

On 15 April 2009, he was elected chairman of the Board of Swiss banking giant UBS, holding this post until 3 May 2012.

Klaus Schwab

Klaus Martin Schwab (born 30 March 1938) is a German engineer and economist. He is best known as the founder and executive chairman of the World Economic Forum. He was born in Ravensburg, Germany.

Lana Marks

Lana J. Marks (born November 18, 1953) is a South African-born American handbag designer. She founded the fashion brand Lana Marks.

She was also the United States Ambassador to South Africa for the Donald Trump administration. She became the ambassador on January 28, 2020 and left office a year later on January 20, 2021.

In September 2020, it was reported that Iran was planning an assassination plot against Marks because of the U.S. involvement in the death of Qasem Soleimani.

Konstantina Kouteli

Konstantina Kouteli (born 10 April 1981) is a Greek female water polo player.

She was part of the Greek women's national water polo team at the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


E. Jean Carroll

Elizabeth Jean Carroll (born December 12, 1943) is an American journalist and columnist. She is known for her "Ask E. Jean" column which appeared in "Elle" magazine from 1993 through 2019.

In June 2019, Carroll accused Les Moonves and Donald Trump of sexually assaulting her in the mid-1990s. Both Moonves and Trump denied the allegations. Carroll later sued Trump for defamation and battery. On May 9, 2023, she was given $5 million by a jury, which found Trump guilty for defamation and sexual abuse against her.

Bobbie Phillips

Bobbie Phillips (born January 29, 1968) is an American actress and animal rights activist. Phillips was born in Charleston, South Carolina. She is known for her rols as Cam in "Chameleon" (1998) and as Julie Costello in the television legal drama "Murder One".

Clive Russell

Clive Russell (born 7 December 1945) is a Scottish actor. He is known for his roles as Chief Inspector Frederick Abberline in "Ripper Street", Angus O'Connor in "Happiness" and Brynden Tully in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".

North Riding of Yorkshire

The North Riding of Yorkshire is one of the three historic subdivisions (ridings) of the English county of Yorkshire, alongside the East and West ridings.


Pribilof Island shrew

The Pribilof Island shrew ("Sorex pribilofensis") is a type of shrew. It is only found on the Pribilof Islands of Alaska.

Saint Lawrence Island shrew

The Saint Lawrence Island shrew ("Sorex jacksoni") is a type of shrew. It is only found on Saint Lawrence Island.

Lamu

Lamu or Lamu Town is a small town on Lamu Island in Kenya. Situated by road northeast of Mombasa.

Lamu Town on Lamu Island is Kenya's oldest continually inhabited town and was one of the original Swahili settlements along coastal East Africa. It is believed to have been established in 1370. It is a UNESCO World Heritage site.

The town was founded in the 14th century and it contains many fine examples of Swahili architecture. The old city is inscribed on the World Heritage List as "the oldest and best-preserved Swahili settlement in East Africa".

The town contains the Lamu Fort on the seafront. The fort was completed by the early 1820s.

In 2011, proposals were being advanced to build a deep-water port which would have much greater capacity in terms of depth of water. China has begun to transform Lamu into the largest port in East Africa.

Since the island has no cars, transportation and other heavy work is done with the help of donkeys. There are some 3000 donkeys on the island.

The song "Lamu" by Christian singer Michael W. Smith is inspired by the island. The song is about running away from life's problems.

Lamu is the setting of Anthony Doerr's short story "The Shell Collector" from his collection of stories by the same name.

Part of the events in the novel “Our Wild Sex in Malindi” (by Andrei Gusev) takes place in Lamu.

Sorex

The genus Sorex includes many of the common shrews of Eurasia and North America. It contains at least 142 known species and subspecies. They are in the tribe Soricini of the subfamily "Soricinae".

The many species in the genus "Sorex" include:

Peter Scully

Peter Gerard Scully (born 13 January 1963) is an Australian man who is imprisoned in the Philippines because he raped young children.

Peter Scully was born on 13 January 1963 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. He said that he was raped by a priest as a child. He lived in the Narre Warren suburb of Melbourne, Victoria with his wife and two children. In 2011, he fled to the City of Manila, Philippines. There, he raped and tortured 75 children. He filmed it and sold the video named "Daisy's Destruction" for up to $10,000 on his website "No limits fun" ("NLF" for short) on the Darknet. He also filmed himself killing a girl named Cindy. On 20 February 2015, Scully was arrested by the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) for 100 years.

Montane shrew

The montane shrew ("Sorex monticolus") is a type of shrew in the genus Sorex. It is also called the dusky shrew.

Montane shrews are small, long tailed shrews. They can grow up to 103 and 142mm long. It moults two times a year. They are brownish and silvery white or gray in summer.

The montane shrew can be found from northern Alaska to New Mexico and from the Pacific coast to central Manitoba. They also live in the Rocky Mountains, Blue Mountains, and the Sierra Nevada. They can be found on Vancouver Island and Queen Charlotte Island.

Montane shrews live in a lot of habitats such as tundra, alpine meadows, forests, and prairies. They are usually found in forest floor. They almost never dig a burrow.

Montane shrews are live by themselves. They do not hibernate. They almost never sleep or rest. They are always eating.

Montane shrews are insectivorous. It eats insects and their larvae, earthworms, spiders, snails, and, rarely eats small salamanders. Montane shrews have been seen eating conifer seeds, lichens, and fungi.

The breeding season may last from February to August. The gestation period is estimated to be about 13 to 28 days. The young ones are born in a small nest made from grass and kept under a rock or fallen tree. They are given birth to blind and naked. At the age of 3 weeks they are weaned. The expected to live up to 12 to 18 months.

Pride parade

Pride parades (also known as pride marches, pride events, and pride festivals) are events where people support lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, non-binary and queer (LGBTQ) acceptance, achievements, legal rights, and gay pride.

Jeremy Farrar

Sir Jeremy James Farrar (born 1 September 1961) is a British medical researcher. He is director of the Wellcome Trust, and has held this position since 2013. He was previously a professor of tropical medicine at the University of Oxford.

Farrar's research interests are in infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, dengue fever, typhoid fever, malaria, and H5N1 influenza.

American water shrew

The American water shrew ("Sorex palustris") is a type of shrew. It is also called a northern water shrew. It is found throughout the mountain ranges of the northern United States and in Canada and Alaska.

Claudio Merulo

Claudio Merulo (8 April 1533 – 4 May 1604) was an Italian composer and organist of the late Renaissance. 

Eastern indigo snake

The eastern indigo snake ("Drymarchon couperi") is a type of snake in the family Colubridae. It is native to the eastern United States. It is the longest native snake in the United States. It is the largest snake in the United States. It is also the largest, non-venomous snake in the southeastern United States.

The eastern indigo snake has a blue-black colour. It is the longest native snake species in the United States. Males usually grow up to 1.58 m (5.2 ft) in length. Females usually grow up to 1.38 m (4.5 ft) in length. Males usually weigh 2.2 kg (4.9 lb). Females usually weigh 1.5 kg (3.3 lb).

The eastern indigo snake is found from southwestern South Carolina south through Florida and west to southern Alabama and southeastern Mississippi.

The eastern indigo snake likes flatwoods, hammocks, dry glades, stream bottoms, sugarcane fields, riparian thickets, and sandy soils.

The eastern indigo snake mostly lives in scrublands in Florida and Georgia with different types of plants. These are mainly longleaf pine, southern live oak, laurel oak, Chapman oak, and myrtle oak.

The Eastern indigo snake eats other snakes, turtles, lizards, frogs, toads, lots of small birds and mammals, and eggs.

The Eastern indigo snake is oviparous. The breeding season is from November to April. Females lay their eggs from May to June. Females lay from 4 to 12 eggs. Young hatch in about 3 months, usually in August and September.

The eastern indigo snake is threatened by habitat loss. It is believed to be extinct in Alabama.

The eastern indigo snake was extinct in northern Florida because of habitat loss and fragmentation. The eastern indigo snake was last seen in Apalachicola Bluffs and Ravines Preserve in 1982, until 2017 when 12 snakes were released as part of a conservation program. 20 more snakes were released in 2018. 15 snakes in 2019.

Kevin Magnussen

Kevin Jan Magnussen (born 5 October 1992) is a Danish racing driver.

Gary Unmarried

Gary Unmarried is an American sitcom television series on CBS from September 24, 2008 to March 17, 2010.

FiveThirtyEight

FiveThirtyEight is a website that makes forecasts about elections, sports, and other topics. It also publishes articles about those topics. It was created by statistician Nate Silver on March 7, 2008. FiveThirtyEight's name comes from the number of electors in the United States Electoral College.

FiveThirtyEight is famous for correctly predicting the winner of all 50 states in the 2012 United States presidential election. In the 2016 election, FiveThirtyEight said that Donald Trump had a 28.6% chance to win. Trump did win. However, 28.6% was much higher than other people thought, such as The New York Times and The Economist.

FiveThirtyEight has also analyzed at the calibration of their forecasts. If a forecast with good calibration says that many things each have a 40% chance of happening, then about 40% will. Their forecasts are fairly accurate.

Perri &quot;Pebbles&quot; Reid

Perri Arlette Reid (or "Pebbles"; born August 29, 1964) is an American R&B and pop music singer-songwriter and businesswoman. She was famous for her hit songs "Girlfriend" (1987), "Mercedes Boy" (1988) and "Giving You the Benefit" (1990). Also, Reid created the contemporary R&B group TLC. 

Reid was born Perri Arlette McKissack, one of four siblings, to two mixed African American parents. 

Reid began using the name Sister Perri as part of a religious conversion.

Reid was born in Oakland, California.

Skyhooks (band)

Skyhooks was an Australian rock band formed in Melbourne in March 1973 by Greg Macainsh on bass guitar and backing vocals, and Imants "Freddie" Strauks on drums.

Pat Smullen

Patrick J. "Pat" Smullen (22 May 1977 – 15 September 2020) was an Irish jockey. He won the Irish flat racing Champion Jockey title nine times. Smullen was born in County Offaly, Ireland.

Smullen died on 15 September 2020 from pancreatic cancer at the age of 43.


Aloysio de Andrade Faria

Aloysio de Andrade Faria (9 November 1920 – 15 September 2020) was a Brazilian banker and billionaire. At the time of his death he was known as being one of the world's oldest billionaires. He was born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais. Faria also owned one of the largest Guarana plantations in the world, the Transamerica Corporation, including a hotel and media groups.

Faria died on 15 September 2020 in Campinas, Brazil at the age of 99.

William L. Ogg

William Lynn Ogg (May 17, 1937 – September 10, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995 to 2002. His district was located in Scioto County, Ohio. He was born in Portsmouth, Ohio. Ogg was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Ogg died on September 10, 2020 in Portsmouth at the age of 83.

Identity document

An identity document is any document that may be used to prove a person's identity. If issued in a small, standard credit card size form, it is usually called an identity card (IC, ID card, citizen card) or passport card. Some countries issue formal identity documents as national identification cards.

Many countries require all foreigners to have a passport or national identity card from their home country available at all times if they do not have a residence permit in the country.

The shape and size of identity cards were standardized in 1985 by ISO/IEC 7810. Some modern identity documents are smart cards including a difficult-to-forge embedded integrated circuit that were standardized in 1988 by ISO/IEC 7816. New technologies allow identity cards to contain biometric information, such as a photograph; face, hand, or iris measurements; or fingerprints. Many countries now issue electronic identity cards.

Identity cards allow officials to look up security data on a person in the host country's information system. Photos of the person's head are scanned into the system to prevent identity theft. A scanned photograph of the face gives a unique series of numbers which identifies that particular individual.

The earliest identity document was written into law by King Henry V of England with the Safe Conducts Act 1414. For the next 500 years and before World War I, most people did not have or need an identity document.

Richard Madden

Richard Madden (born 18 June 1986) is a Scottish actor. He is known for his roles as Robb Stark in the first three seasons of HBO's fantasy drama "Game of Thrones".

He also starred as Cosimo de' Medici in the first season of the historical fiction series "Medici" (2016), Prince Kit in Disney's live-action "Cinderella" (2015), John Reid in the biopic "Rocketman" (2019), and a lieutenant in the epic war movie "1917" (2019).

Renfrewshire

Renfrewshire () () is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland.

It is located in the west central Lowlands. It is one of three council areas contained within the boundaries of the historic county of Renfrewshire, the others being East Renfrewshire to the east and Inverclyde to the west. 

It also shares borders with Glasgow, North Ayrshire and West Dunbartonshire, and lies on the southern bank of the River Clyde.


Paul Méfano

Paul Méfano (March 6, 1937 – September 15, 2020) was a French composer and conductor. He was born in Basra, Iraq. 

In 1972 he was appointed director of the Conservatory of Champigny-sur-Marne until 1988. He also was professor of composition and orchestration at the Paris Conservatory until 2002.

From 1996 until 2005 he directed the Conservatory of Versailles.

Méfano died on September 15, 2020 at the age of 83.

Alien Huang

Alien Huang (; 28 November 1983 – 16 September 2020), also known as Xiao Gui () was a Taiwanese singer, actor, television presenter, illustrator and fashion designer. He was born in Taipei. He was known for presenting the television variety show "100% Entertainment". He also starred as Christopher in "Already Famous" (2011) and as A-hsien in "" (2012).

Huang was found dead with a head injury on 16 September 2020 in Taipei at the age of 36. The cause of death was a head injury caused by falling in the shower.

Nikolay Shmatko

Nikolay Havrylovych Shmatko () (17 August 1943 – 15 September 2020) was a Ukrainian sculptor and painter. He was born in the Donetsk region of Ukraine.

In 2004, for his work "Sviatohorska Blessed Virgin" - a statue of the Virgin Mary (Theotokos "Hegumenia") for Sviato-Uspenskyi Sviatohorskyi Monastery - Shmatko was awarded the order of Nestor Letopisets by Volodymyr Sabodan, the Kiev Metropolitan, and all of Ukraine.

Shmatko died on 15 September 2020 in Kiev at the age of 77.

Kapila Vatsyayan

Kapila Vatsyayan (कपिला वात्स्यायन) (25 December 1928 – 16 September 2020) was an Indian scholar of classical dance, art, architecture, and art history. She was a member of parliament between 2006 to 2012. She was the founding director of the Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts. Vatsyayan was born in New Delhi.

Vatsyayan died on 16 September 2020 at her home in New Delhi at the age of 91.

Jan Krenz

Jan Krenz (14 July 1926 – 15 September 2020) was a Polish composer and orchestra conductor. He was born in Włocławek, Poland.

In 1968, he became artistic director of the Grand Theatre in Warsaw, and was General Director of Music in Bonn from 1979 to 1982. At the same time, he directed the Danish National Symphony Orchestra in Copenhagen. 

On 26 March 1958, Krenz was the first person to conduct "Musique funèbre" by Witold Lutosławski. In addition to conducting many orchestras, he has also written many compositions.

Krenz died on 15 September 2020 at the age of 94.

Lois Stratton

Lois Jane Stratton (January 5, 1927 – September 11, 2020) was an American politician. She was a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 1979 to 1985. She also was in the Washington State Senate from 1985 to 1993. Stratton was a member of the Democratic Party. She was born in Springdale, Washington.

In 1983, she unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Spokane, Washington. She was member of the Spokane Tribe. Stratton was the first female enrolled tribal member in the Washington State Legislature.

Stratton died on September 11, 2020 in Spokane at the age of 93.

Springdale, Washington

Springdale is a town in Stevens County, Washington, United States. The population was 285 at the 2010 census.

Martin J. Dunn

Martin John Dunn (March 9, 1956 – September 11, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts. He was the Mayor of Holyoke, Massachusetts from 1987 to 1991. He was a member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1991 to 1993. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Dunn died on September 11, 2020 in Holyoke at the age of 64.

Francis Sargent

Francis Williams Sargent (July 29, 1915 – October 22, 1998) was an American politician. He was the 64th Governor of Massachusetts from 1969 to 1975. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Sargent died on October 22, 1998 in Dover, Massachusetts at the age of 83.

Dover, Massachusetts

Dover is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 5,923 in 2020.

Gerry Lynn

Gerry Lynn (May 28, 1952 – September 6, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Judge-Executive of Meade County, Kentucky from 2011 until his death. He was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from the 27th district from 2005 to 2007. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Lynn died on September 6, 2020, in Brandenburg, Kentucky at age 68.

Caroline of Brunswick

Caroline of Brunswick (17 May 1768 – 7 August 1821) was the wife of King George IV. Her parents were Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick and Princess Augusta of Great Britain.

Caroline married George on 8 April 1795, when he was the Prince of Wales. That made Caroline the Princess of Wales. When George became king on 29 January 1820, Caroline became Queen Consort of the United Kingdom. Caroline and George had one child, Princess Charlotte of Wales. They separated in 1796.

Caroline died on 7 August 1821 at the age of 53. Her physicians thought she had an intestinal obstruction, but she may have had cancer. There were also rumours at the time that she had been poisoned.



Matador (movie)

Matador is a 1986 Spanish comedy-drama movie directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Antonio Banderas, Eusebio Poncela, Carmen Maura, Nacho Martínez, Assumpta Serna.


Olive water-holding frog

The olive water-holding frog, spotted collared frog or Daly Waters frog ("Ranoidea maculosa") is a frog from Australia. Scientists have only seen it in one place in the Northern Territory, with a few on the other side of the border in Queensland. This place is called Daly Waters.

This frog is 5.0 cm long. Most of the skin on its back is pale but it has very dark black marks.

Eastern racer

The eastern racer ("Coluber constrictor") is a type of nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae. It only lives in North America and Central America.

Eastern racers usually grow up to 50 to 152 cm (20 to 60 in) in length. They usually weigh around 556 g (1.226 lb). Its color can range from black, bluish, gray, to olive brown.

It is found throughout the United States, east of the Rocky Mountains. It is also found north into Canada and south into Mexico, Guatemala, and Belize.

It is usually found near water, but it can also be found in bushes, trash piles, roadsides, and swamps. It spends most of its time on the ground. But, it is a good climber. It may be found in shrubs and trees where there are bird nests.

Most of the eastern racers like open, grassland habitats where their eyesight and speed can be used. They are usually not far from a place to hide.

They mainly eat small rodents, frogs, toads, lizards, and other snakes. Some subspecies are known to climb trees to eat eggs and young birds. Young eastern racers usually insects with soft bodies, such as crickets and moths. They overcome moving prey by wrapping into one or two coils pressing its prey to hold it so that it can swallow it alive.

The eastern racers are fast, very active, diurnal snakes. Eastern racers are curious snakes. They have very good vision. They are sometimes seen raising their heads above the grass where they are crawling to see what is around them. They usually run away from a predator. They are hard to hold and will poop, and release a bad smelling liquid from their cloacae.

It mates in the spring from April until early June. The female lays three to 30 eggs in a hidden nest, such as a hollow log, an abandoned rodent burrow, or under a rock. The young ones hatch in the early fall. They reach maturity when they are around 2 years old.

Sheykh Jabrail

Sheykh Jabrail (, also Romanized as Sheykh Jabra’īl and Sheykh Jabr’īl; also known as Chekān-e Mansūrī, Shaikh Jarwāil, and Sheykh Jarvā’īl) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 24 families.

Structural functionalism

Structural functionalism, or simply functionalism, is a way of making a theory that sees society as a complex system. The parts of this system work together to keep society stable and its people happy.

Lorenz cipher

The Lorenz cipher was a class of German rotor stream cipher machines used by the German Army during World War II. It was mostly used for messages among headquarters. This machine and its messages were eventually worked out by the team at Bletchley Park during World War II.

British cryptanalysts (codebreakers) worked out its logical structure three years before they saw the machine.

Ignatius Sancho

Ignatius Sancho was an African born around 1729 on a slave ship. Towards the end of his extraordinary life, he became a British citizen and was eligible to vote in the parliamentary election of 1774, and then again in 1780.

The details of his early life are not certain. He was born on a slave ship crossing the Atlantic. The ship went to the Spanish colonies in Central America. His parents did not survive long, and he became orphaned. His owner took him to London, and he eventually came to live with John Montague, 2nd Duke of Montagu and Mary, Duchess of Montagu. Sancho worked as her butler until her death in 1751.

While living at Montague House in Blackheath, he educated himself. He enjoyed music, poetry, reading, and writing.

During the 1760s Sancho married a West Indian woman, Anne Osborne. He became a devoted husband and father. They had seven children. Around the time their third child was born, Sancho became a valet to George Montagu, 1st Duke of Montagu (of the second creation), the son-in-law of his earlier patron. He remained there until 1773.

In 1768 Thomas Gainsborough painted a portrait of Sancho at the same time as the Duchess of Montagu sat for her portrait by the artist. 
In 1774, with Montague's help, he became a shopkeeper in Mayfair. He sold tobacco, sugar and tea, all of which were connected with the slave trade. As a male householder living in Mayfair, he was eligible to vote. He also wrote letters in newspapers, under his own name and under the pseudonym "Africanus". He supported the monarchy and British forces in the American Revolutionary War.

Sancho had many well-known visitors at his shop, including statesman and abolitionist Charles James Fox PC (1749–1806). Fox steered a resolution through Parliament pledging it to abolish the slave trade. A Foreign Slave Trade Bill in Spring 1806 prohibited British subjects from contributing to the trading of slaves with the colonies of Britain's wartime enemies. This cut out two-thirds of the slave trade passing through British ports.

Richard David Precht

Richard David Precht (born December 8, 1964) is a German philosopher and author. "Wer bin ich – und wenn ja, wie viele?" ("Who am I – and if so, how many?") is a famous book that was written by him. He has a son. He is for a basic income. He does not like the school system in Germany.



Functionalism

Functionalism may refer to:


Roadkill

Roadkill is any animal that has died on a road because it was hit by a vehicle, for example a deer hit by a car. Vehicles pulled by animals, for example mule carts, did make roadkill, but there was much more roadkill after the invention of the automobile.

In the United States alone, one to two million large animals are killed as roadkill every year and many more small animals.

Most roadkill is caused by cars or trucks.

If the car hits a large animal, for example a deer or elk, it is likely to be damaged. In the United States alone, crashes with deer cause $3.6 billion in damage to cars and other vehicles, 200 deaths each year and many injuries.

Some roadkilled animals are sent to landfills with other garbage, but other bodies are used for scientific experiments, turned into makeup or turned into food for other animals. Some people cook and eat roadkill. Other people make the fur into clothes or other useful things. Some scientists have studied roadkill to see where invasive species have come.

In Alaska, all roadkill belongs to the state. Officers collect the roadkill, bring it to butchers, and bring the meat to charities. In other parts of the United States and in other countries, individual people can get permission to collect roadkill in different ways.

Many governments put up road signs such as "deer crossing" or "panther crossing" signs to tell drivers that there may be animals nearby. Some build fences around roads where cars drive at high speeds. However, then the animals try to cross at the ends of the fences, and they are hit by cars in those places.

Planning new roads so that wild animals can go over or under them from the start is another very good way to prevent roadkill.

Some governments have built wildlife bridges over or underpasses under roads that were already there. In 2009, the local Department of Transportation built fences leading to four culverts on U.S. highway 27, and there were suddenly no roadkilled turtles.

Wakko's Wish

Wakko's Wish or "Animaniacs: Wakko's Wish" is a 1999 animated comedy-fantasy musical adventure family movie based on the "Animaniacs". This movie was directed by Liz Holzman, Rusty Mills and Tom Ruegger. It was released on July 16, 1999. It was not shown in theaters but instead sold on VHS. This movie is about three human-like, dog-like characters, Yakko, Wakko and Dot, wishing on a star. As of 2020, "Wakko's Wish" was streaming on Hulu.

Yakko, Wakko, and Dot Warner live in a fictional town called Acme Falls in the kingdom of Warnerstock in 1898. After the king of Warnerstock dies, the nearby kingdom of Ticktockia (a parody of Time Inc.) takes over Warnerstock and taxes the people too much. By wishing on a star, traveling through the mountains, acting, and other adventures, the Warners save Warnerstock and defeat the evil king of Ticktockia.

Mtwapa

Mtwapa is a small town lying on the Indian Ocean coast of Kenya.
The town is situated approximately north-east of Mombasa on the Mombasa-Malindi road.

"Mtu wa hapa" – in Swahili; this translates to "he who lives among us." 

Mtwapa is home to a large number of European retirees and holiday-makers from countries such as Germany, Holland and Great Britain. It is also a destination for sex tourism. Mtwapa Creek is a starting point for fishing tours.
The population growth is shown in the following table. 

Part of the events in the story of 2017 ""Consummation in Mombasa"" (by Andrei Gusev) takes place in Mtwapa. The plot describes the Catholic wedding in Mombasa of the main characters (Russian writer Andy and the girl Jennifer, who was born in Kenya) and then their life in Mtwapa.

Sarah McBride

Sarah McBride (born August 9, 1990) is an American LGBTQ rights activist and Democratic politician who is a member of the Delaware State Senate since 2020. She was the National Press Secretary of the Human Rights Campaign. 

After winning the September 15, 2020 Democratic primary in the safe Democratic 1st Delaware State Senate district, she became the first transgender state senator in the country as well as the highest-ranking transgender official in the country.

In July 2016, she was a speaker at the Democratic National Convention, becoming the first openly transgender person to address a major party convention in American history.

On June 26, 2023, after Representative Lisa Blunt Rochester's earlier announcement that she would run for the U.S. Senate, McBride officially announced her candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives. If elected, McBride would become the first openly transgender member of congress.

In August 2014, McBride married Andrew Cray after he was diagnosed with terminal oral cancer. Four days after their wedding, Cray died from the disease.

Marion, Mississippi

Marion is a town in Lauderdale County, Mississippi, United States. it is the least populous municipality in Lauderdale County.

Ralph Abernathy

Ralph David Abernathy Sr. (March 11, 1926 – April 17, 1990) was an American civil rights activist and Baptist minister. He was ordained in the Baptist tradition in 1948. He was born in Linden, Alabama. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He opposed abortion. A Christian, he opposed pornography and the sexual revolution, in addition to illegal immigration.

As a leader of the civil rights movement, he was a close friend and mentor of Martin Luther King Jr. He worked with King to create the Montgomery Improvement Association which led to the Montgomery bus boycott. 

He also co-founded and was an executive board member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC). He became president of the SCLC following the assassination of King in 1968. He led the Poor People's Campaign in Washington, D.C. 

He was an advisory committee member of the Congress on Racial Equality (CORE).

Abernathy died on April 17, 1990 of heart disease in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 64.

Joseph Henabery

Joseph Henabery (January 15, 1888 – February 18, 1976) was an American actor, screenwriter, and director. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. Henabery was best known for his role of Abraham Lincoln in D.W. Griffith's controversial 1915 silent movie "The Birth of a Nation".

Henabery died on February 18, 1976, aged 88, in Los Angeles, California.

Reed Hastings

Wilmot Reed Hastings Jr. (born October 8, 1960) is an American businessman. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Hastings is the co-founder, chairman, and co-chief executive officer (CEO) of Netflix. He is on the boards and non-profit organizations.

George Lincoln Rockwell

George Lincoln Rockwell (March 9, 1918 – August 25, 1967) was an American politician and neo-Nazi. He founded the American Nazi Party. He was born in Bloomington, Illinois.

Rockwell denied The Holocaust and believed that Martin Luther King Jr. was a tool for Jewish Communists wanting to rule the white community. He blamed the civil rights movement on the Jews.

Rockwell wrote the book This Time The World in 1961
And White power in 1967.
These books will give you a lot more insight into his life for those researching him.
This time the world partains more so to his life and white power to his politics.

On August 25, 1967, Rockwell was assassinated in Arlington by John Patler at the age of 49.

John Patler

John Patler (, born January 6, 1938) is an American former neo-Nazi who was convicted for the assassination of American Nazi Party leader George Lincoln Rockwell on August 25, 1967. He was born in New York City.

Patler was in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1958 to 1960, when he was honorably discharged after being arrested at an American Nazi Party rally.

Patler later became a captain in the American Nazi Party and the editor and cartoonist for the party's magazine, "Stormtrooper". However, he was expelled from the Party in March 1967 after disagreeing with party leader George Lincoln Rockwell about some of the party's policies.

Frazier Glenn Miller Jr.

Frazier Glenn Miller Jr. (November 23, 1940 – May 3, 2021), commonly known as Glenn Miller or Frazier Glenn Cross, was an American domestic terrorist and former leader of the White Patriot Party. Miller was a perennial candidate for public office. 

He was a supporter of white nationalism, white separatism, Odinism, and antisemitism.

On April 13, 2014, Miller was arrested following the Overland Park Jewish Community Center shooting in Overland Park, Kansas. Johnson County prosecutors charged him with one count of capital murder and one count of first-degree murder. On October 17, 2014, the separate charge for first-degree murder was dismissed and all three deaths were included in a single capital murder count.

On August 31, 2015, Miller was found guilty in the Overland Park shooting of one count of capital murder, three counts of attempted murder and assault and weapons charges. Eight days later, the same jury recommended that Miller be put to death by lethal injection. On November 10, 2015, he was formally sentenced to death.

Miller died in prison at the El Dorado Correctional Facility in Butler County, Kansas on May 3, 2021. at the age of 80.

Overland Park Jewish Community Center shooting

On April 13, 2014, two shootings occurred at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and Village Shalom, a Jewish retirement community, both located in Overland Park, Kansas. A total of three people were killed in the shootings, two of whom were shot at the community center and one shot at the retirement community.

The gunman, 73-year-old Frazier Glenn Miller Jr. of Aurora, Missouri, originally from North Carolina, was arrested during the attack and was subsequently tried, convicted of murder and other crimes, and sentenced to death. Miller is a former Klansman, neo-Nazi and former political candidate.

Aurora, Missouri

Aurora is a city in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States. The population was 7,219 at the 2020 census.

Mount Vernon, Missouri

Mount Vernon is a city in and the county seat of Lawrence County, Missouri, United States. The population was 4,526 as of the 2020 census.

Lumbar vertebrae

The lumbar vertebrae in humans are the five vertebrae between the rib cage and the pelvis. 

They are important parts of the vertebral column. They are called L1 to L5, starting at the top. The lumbar vertebrae help support the weight of the body, and allow movement. In particular, they connect to the pelvis.

Most people have five lumbar vertebrae, but some have four or six. Not much movement takes place between the lumbar vertebrae.

Embassy of the United States, Tehran

The Embassy of the United States of America in Tehran was the United States of America's diplomatic mission in the Imperial State of Iran. Diplomatic relations between the United States and Iran became intense following the Iranian Revolution in 1979, and the hostage crisis at the embassy in November 1979.

Economic sanctions

Economic sanctions are commercial and financial penalties applied by one or more countries against a state, group, or person. 

Economic sanctions are acted because of economic reasons, but also for political and military reasons.


Head Start

Head Start is a program of the United States Department of Health and Human Services that gives early childhood education, health, nutrition, and parent involvement services to low-income children and families. 

The program's services and resources are designed to help stable family relationships,children's physical and emotional health, and create an environment to for cognitive skills.

Timothy Kraft

Timothy E. Kraft (born April 10, 1941) is a retired Democratic political consultant. He is best known as the campaign manager for the unsuccessful reelection bid of U.S. President Jimmy Carter. He was born in Noblesville, Indiana.

In September 1980, only weeks before the general election, he stepped down after it his cocaine was discovered.

Blue House

Cheongwadae (; Hanja: ; literally "pavilion of blue tiles"), also known as the Blue House, was the executive office and official residence of the President of the Republic of Korea until 2022.

It is located in Jongno-gu of the capital Seoul. The Blue House is the most protected official residence in Asia.

RSD-10 Pioneer

The RSD-10 "Pioneer" ( : "raketa sredney dalnosti (RSD) "Pioner""; ) was an intermediate-range ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead, that stayed in the Soviet Union from 1976 to 1988. It carried GRAU designation 15Ж45 ("15Zh45"). Its NATO reporting name was SS-20 Saber.


Intermediate-range ballistic missile

An intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM) is a ballistic missile with a range of 3,000–5,500 km (1,864–3,418 miles), between a medium-range ballistic missile (MRBM) and an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). 

IRBMs are currently operated by the People's Republic of China, India, Israel, and North Korea.

Demilitarisation

Demilitarisation or demilitarization may mean the lowering of state armed forces. It is the opposite of militarisation. For instance, the demilitarisation of Northern Ireland caused a lowering of British security and military weapons. Another example is the demilitarisation of the Rhineland after World War 1. Demilitarisation in this sense is usually the result of a peace treaty ending a war or a major conflict. 


Operation Cyclone

Operation Cyclone was the code name for the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) program to arm and finance the mujahideen (jihadists) in Afghanistan from 1979 to 1989. The mujahideen were also supported by Britain's MI6.

Operation Cyclone was one of the longest and most expensive covert CIA operations ever. Funding officially began with $695,000 in 1979.

Mujahideen

Mujahideen ( "") is the plural of mujahid (). Mujahid is the Arabic term for one engaged in "jihad" (literally, "struggle"). This term was first used to describe guerrilla-type militant groups led by the Islamist Afghan fighters in the Soviet–Afghan War. As of 2021, it is also used to described other jihadist groups in other countries. 

The English term "jihadists" is also related to the mujahideen.

Jihadism

"Jihadism" (also "jihadist movement", "jihadi movement" and variants) is a 21st-century neologism found in Western languages to describe Islamist movements seen by the military to be "rooted in Islam" and a threat to the West. 

The term "jihadism" first appeared in South Asian media; Western journalists adopted it in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks of 2001.

One America Appeal

The One America Appeal is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded on 7 September 2017, by all five then living former U.S. Presidents: Jimmy Carter, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama. This aimed to encourage support for recovery efforts for Hurricane Harvey, but was then extended to include areas most affected by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. 

The appeal was launched when the five former Presidents aired a joint PSA on the NFL’s regular season opening broadcast.

Aijalon Gomes

Aijalon Mahli Gomes (June 19, 1979 – November 17, 2017) was an American teacher. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

He was detained in North Korea for illegally entering the country through China on January 25, 2010. On August 27, 2010, it was announced that former U.S. president Jimmy Carter had secured Gomes's release. In May 2015, Gomes published an autobiography, "Violence and Humanity". 

On November 17, 2017, he was found burned to death in what was ruled a suicide at a park in San Diego, California at the age of 38.

Tomás Borge

Tomás Borge Martínez (13 August 1930 – 30 April 2012) was a Nicaraguan politician and writer. He was the cofounder of the Sandinista National Liberation Front in Nicaragua and was Interior Minister of Nicaragua during one of the administrations of Daniel Ortega.

Borge also held the titles of "Vice-Secretary and President of the FSLN", member of the Nicaraguan Parliament and National Congress, and Ambassador to Peru.

The Elders (organization)

The Elders is an international non-governmental organisation of public figures known as elder statesmen, peace activists, and human rights advocates. They were brought together by Nelson Mandela in 2007. They describe themselves as "independent global leaders working together for peace and human rights". 

The goal Mandela set for the Elders was to use their "almost 1,000 years of collective experience" to work on solutions for controversial and long-lasting problems such as climate change, HIV/AIDS, and poverty, as well as to "use their political independence to help resolve some of the world's most intractable conflicts".

Nairobi Agreement, 1999

The 1999 Nairobi Agreement was a deal signed by Presidents Yoweri Museveni of Uganda and Omar al-Bashir of Sudan in Nairobi, Kenya, on 8 December 1999. 

The stated intent of the agreement was to "provide the critical impetus for resolving the northern Uganda conflict." The deal was brokered by former US president Jimmy Carter.

Emory University Hospital

Emory University Hospital is a 733-bed facility in Atlanta, Georgia, focusing in the care of acutely ill adults. Emory University Hospital is staffed by Emory University School of Medicine faculty who also are members of The Emory Clinic.

The hospital is known as one of the nation's leaders in cardiology and cardiac surgery, oncology, transplantation, ophthalmology, and the neurosciences.

United Nations Prize in the Field of Human Rights

The United Nations Prizes in the Field of Human Rights were created and given by United Nations General Assembly (UN General Assembly) in 1966. They are intended to "honour and commend people and organizations which have made an outstanding contribution to the promotion and protection of the human rights. The ceremony for the laureates is hold on Human Rights Day, 10 December in every fifth year.

Hoover Medal

The Hoover Medal is an American engineering prize.

It has been given since 1930 for "outstanding extra-career services by engineers to humanity". 

The prize is given jointly by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers, American Society of Civil Engineers, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME).

It is named for Herbert Hoover, the first recipient, who was an engineer by profession.

Disappearance of Brian Shaffer

Brian Shaffer (born February 25, 1979) was a medical student at Ohio State University. On the night of March 31, 2006, Shaffer went out with friends to celebrate the beginning of spring break. He was separated from them and they thought he had gone home. Shaffer has not been seen or heard from since. The case has received national media attention.

Columbus police have several theories about what happened; some interest and suspicion has been directed at a friend of Shaffer's who went with him that night but who has refused to take lie detector tests about the incident. 

While foul play has been suspected, including the possible involvement of the Smiley Face serial killer, it has also been speculated that he might be alive and living somewhere else under a new identity.

Smiley face murder theory

The Smiley face murder theory (variations include Smiley face murders, Smiley face killings, Smiley face gang, and others) is a theory believed by retired New York City detectives Kevin Gannon and Anthony Duarte. They say that a number of young men found dead in bodies of water across several Midwestern American states from the late 1990s to the 2010s did not accidentally drown. They believe that they were victims of a serial killer or killers. 

The term "smiley face" became connected to the alleged murders when it was made public that the police had discovered graffiti showing a smiley face near locations where they think the killer dumped the bodies in at least a dozen of the cases. 

Gannon wrote a textbook case study on the subject titled "Case Studies in Drowning Forensics". The response of law enforcement investigators and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to not believe in this theory and had investigated it saying that it is a hoax.

Ahmed Al-Qadri

Ahmed Al-Qadri (1956 – 3 September 2020) was a Syrian agricultural engineer and politician. He was born in Al-Hasakah, Syria. He was a member of Bashar al-Assad's cabinet. He was Minister of Agriculture and Agrarian Reform from February 2013 to August 2020. 

Al-Qadri died of COVID-19 on 3 September 2020 at a hospital in Damascus at the age of 64.

Brumado

Brumado is a Brazilian municipality in the interior of Bahia, in the Northeast region of the country. In 2016, 69,473 people lived here.

André Lespagnol

André Lespagnol (26 July 1943 – 13 September 2020) was a French politician and professor. He was a professor at the University of Rennes 2, focusing on the history of Saint-Malo. He was President of the University of Rennes 2 from 1991 to 1996. In 2004, he was elected Vice-President of the Regional Council of Brittany, serving until 2010. He was born in Crozon, France.

Lespagnol died on 13 September 2020 at the age of 77.

Russ Meekins Jr.

Edward Russell Meekins Jr. (1949 – September 13, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives between 1973 to 1975 and again from 1977 to 1983. His father Russ Meekins Sr. was also a politician. Meekins was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Anchorage, Alaska.

Meekins Jr. died on September 13, 2020 in Massachusetts at the age of 71.

Vital Alsar

Vital Alsar Ramírez (August 7, 1933 – September 15, 2020) was a Spanish-born Mexican sailor and scientist. He made several extremely long sailing expeditions. He was born in Santander, Cantabria. He was known for having sailed .

Between 1966 and 1973, Alsar led three expeditions by raft across the Pacific Ocean, from Ecuador and Australia. The first expedition failed, but the second and third succeeded, both setting the record for the longest known raft voyages in history— and .

Vital later replaced the rafts with galleons to carry out the project ""Mar, hombre y paz"", which was begun in 1980. This expedition took the "trapo blanco" (white rag), around the world on board the "La Marigalante".

Alsar died on September 15, 2020 in Mexico City at the age of 87.

Parliament of Uganda

The Parliament of Uganda is the country's unicameral legislative body.

The most significant of the Ugandan parliament's job is to pass laws. The fiscal issues of the government, such as taxation and loans need the sanction of the parliament, after appropriate debate.

Faith Alupo

Faith Alupo (9 October 1983 – 15 September 2020) was a Ugandan politician. She was a Member of Parliament, representing the Pallisa District. She was elected to that position in June 2018. She was a member of the National Resistance Movement.

Alupo died on 15 September 2020 in Kampala, Uganda from COVID-19 at the age of 36.

John Ferris (swimmer)

John Edward Ferris (July 24, 1949 – September 13, 2020) was an American competition swimmer and former world record-holder. He was born in Sacramento, California.

Ferris won two bronze medals at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He received a gold medal in the 200-meter butterfly at the 1967 World University Games, where he set a new world-record time of 2:06.0. 

Ferris died in Walnut Creek, California on September 13, 2020 from lung cancer, aged 71.

John Ferris

John Ferris may refer to:

Ahmed Ben Salah

Ahmed Ben Salah () (13 January 1926 – 16 September 2020) was a Tunisian politician and trades union leader. His ideas for a planned economy were important for Tunisia's economic development between 1957 to 1969. He was born in Moknine, Tunisia. Ben Salah was the Minister of Finance between 1961 to 1969.

Ben Salah died on 16 September 2020 in Tunis at the age of 94.

Hurricane Alice (December 1954)

Hurricane Alice is the only known Atlantic hurricane to span two calendar years. It is one of two named Atlantic tropical cyclones. The other is Tropical Storm Zeta of 2005.

Hanson, Massachusetts

Hanson is a town in Plymouth County in the state of Massachusetts. One of the inland towns of the South Shore, the population was 10,639 at the 2020 census.

Stanley Crouch

Stanley Lawrence Crouch (December 14, 1945 – September 16, 2020) was an American poet, music, and cultural critic. He was best known for his jazz criticism and his 2000 novel "Don't the Moon Look Lonesome?" Crouch was born in Los Angeles. He was also a known critic of jazz in New York City and worked with "The New York Times".

Crouch died on September 16, 2020 at a hospital in New York City at the age of 74.


Núria Gispert i Feliu

Núria Gispert y Feliu (6 June 1936 – 16 September 2020) was a Spanish politician, Catholic activist and social worker. She was born in Barcelona. She was a member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia. Between 1979 to 1995, she was a member of the City Council of Barcelona.

Feliu died on 16 September 2020 in Barcelona of colon cancer at the age of 84.

Enrique Irazoqui

Enrique Irazoqui (5 July 1944 – 16 September 2020) was a Spanish actor and political activist. He was born in Barcelona. Irazoqui was best known for his role as Jesus Christ in the 1964 movie "The Gospel According to St. Matthew".

Irazoqui died on 16 September 2020 in Barcelona at the age of 76.

Ed Bearss

Edwin Cole Bearss (; June 26, 1923 – September 15, 2020) was an American military historian and writer. He was a United States Marine Corps veteran of World War II. 

He was known for his work on the American Civil War and World War II eras. He was a tour guide of historic battlefields for The Smithsonian Associates and was Chief Historian of the National Park Service from 1981 to 1994. He was born in Billings, Montana.

Bearss died at his home in Arlington, Virginia on September 15, 2020 at the age of 97.

Jack Kelley (ice hockey)

John Henry "Jack" Kelley (July 10, 1927 – September 15, 2020) was an American ice hockey coach. He was a member of the United States Hockey Hall of Fame. Kelley was the first general manager and head coach of the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association (WHA). 

He was head coach at Boston University. He was born in Medford, Massachusetts.

Kelley died on September 15, 2020 at the age of 93.

William Henry Danforth

William Henry Danforth II (April 10, 1926 – September 16, 2020) was an American physician, professor of medicine, and academic administrator. He was chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1971 until 1995. He was the brother of former U.S. Senator John Danforth. Danforth was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Danford died on September 16, 2020 in St. Louis from problems caused by a fall at the age of 94.

Maxim Martsinkevich

Maxim Sergeyevich Martsinkevich (, 8 May 1984 – 16 September 2020), better known as Tesak ("Cleaver", "Hatchet", "Hand Axe", "Machete"), was a Russian neo-Nazi activist, media personality, vlogger, and the leader and co-founder of the Restruct movement.

He was known for his white power skinhead and the leader of the far-right youth group Format 18. He was also a key member of Occupy Pedophilia.

Martsinkevich received three prison sentences for inciting racial or ethnic hatred. Tesak was first indicted in 2007, after disrupting political debates by performing the Nazi salute and yelling "Sieg Heil!" at a book club in Moscow. In 2009, he was sentenced to three years for making a video with racist content. 

In the autumn of 2013, Tesak was indicted again for releasing new videos featuring racist remarks. As a result, on 15 August 2014, he was sentenced to five years in prison. On 11 November 2014, the court reduced the sentence to two years and 10 months.

On 27 June 2017, the Babushkinsky district court of Moscow sentenced Martsinkevich to ten years in a strict regimen corrective labor colony for his involvement in attacks targeting synthetic cannabinoids dealers. 

He got killed in prison on 16 September 2020 at the age of 36.

Balli Durga Prasad Rao

Balli Durga Prasad Rao (15 June 1956 – 16 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India in the 2019 Indian general election. He was a member of the YSR Congress Party. Rao was also a member of the Andhra Pradesh MLA from 1985 to 1989, 1994 to 1999, and 2009 to 2014.

Rao died at a medical center in New Delhi on 16 September 2020 from COVID-19, aged 64.

Main's frog

Main's water-holding frog, Main's frog, the sheep frog or western collared frog ("Ranoidea maini") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Northern Territory, South Australia and Western Australia.

This frog can live on flood plains, claypans, grassland and wetlands that dry up. It lays eggs whenever there is enough water, and the tadpoles grow into frogs quickly.

This frog is 5.0 cm long with a round body. The skin on its back is gray or brown with darker marks. Some frogs can change the color of their skin, making it much lighter in color in a few hours. Their front feet are not webbed, and their hind feet are webbed about halfway.

This frog is named after frog scientist Albert Main.

Whirlpool (movie)

Whirlpool is a 1949 American crime drama movie directed by Otto Preminger and based on the novel "Methinks the Lady" by Guy Endore. It stars Gene Tierney, Richard Conte, José Ferrer, Charles Bickford, Barbara O'Neil, Eduard Franz, Constance Collier and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Saefullah

Saefullah (11 February 1964 – 16 September 2020) was an Indonesian politician and educator. He was born in Jakarta, Indonesia. He was the Mayor of Central Jakarta from 2010 to 2014. He was also Regional Secretary of Jakarta from 2014 until his death. 

Saefullah died on 16 September 2020 at a hospital in Jakarta from COVID-19, aged 56.

Tony Tanner

Tony Tanner (27 July 1932 – 8 September 2020) was a British actor, theatre director and choreographer. He was born in Hillingdon, Middlesex. His career began in 1953. He directed "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in the West End production in 1970. He also starred as Terry in "Strictly for the Birds" (1964) and as Littlechap in "Stop the World – I Want to Get Off" (1966).

Tanner died at his home in Los Angeles on 8 September 2020 at the age of 87.

Edwin M. Cronk

Edwin Monroe Cronk (May 20, 1918 – September 1, 2020) was an American politician. He was the third United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1972 to 1975 during the Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford presidencies. He was born in Minneapolis. He was Dean and Director of Deep Springs College from 1976 to 1980.

Cronk died on September 1, 2020 at the age of 102.

Emil Kraepelin

Emil Wilhelm Georg Magnus Kraepelin (; ; 15 February 1856 – 7 October 1926) was a German psychiatrist. He is the founder of modern scientific psychiatry, psychopharmacology and psychiatric genetics.

John Kricfalusi

Michael John Kricfalusi (; born September 9, 1955), known professionally as John K., is a Canadian blogger, former animator and voice actor. He is best known for creating the Nickelodeon animated television series "The Ren & Stimpy Show", voicing Ren and being the original singer for the song Happy Happy Joy Joy on the show and for voicing Dr. Theopolis in Buck Rogers in the 25th Century and in the 1979 film of the same name. He was born in Chicoutimi, Quebec.

In 2018, Kricfalusi was accused of sexually abusing underage girls in the late 1990s. Kricfalusi released an apology for his behavior, blaming his bipolar disorder.

Liladhar Vaghela

Liladhar Vaghela (17 February 1935 – 16 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was born in Gujarat, Indian. He was a member of Lok Sabha between 2014 to 2019 as a member of the Indian National Congress. He was also a member of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly betweem 1975 to 1980, 1985 to 1995, 1998 to 2002 and lastly from 2007 to 2014.

Vaghela died on 16 September 2020 in Gandhinagar, Gujarat from acute respiratory failure, aged 85.

2020 Western United States wildfire season

In 2020, the Western United States experienced a series of major wildfires. 

Intense August thunderstorms lit many wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington, followed in early September by additional ignitions across the West Coast. 

Fanned by strong, gusty winds and fueled by hot, dry terrains, many of the fires exploded and coalesced into record-breaking, fire cloud producing, megafires, burning more than of land. It has killed at least 35 people, with many more still missing. 

Climate change and poor forest management practices led to the severity of the wildfires.

B. C. Kamble

Bapu Chandrasen Kamble (born 15 July 1919), commonly known as B. C. Kamble, is an Indian politician, writer, editor, jurist, and social activist. He was born in Maharashtra, India. He is a member of the Republican Party. Between 1957 to 1962 and again from 1977 to 1979, he was a member of the Lok Sabha.

He was also a member of the Bombay Legislative Assembly from 1952 to 1957. In 1984, he unsuccessfully ran for Vice-President of India losing to R. Venkataraman.

During 1956 to 1957, he was a Professor of Constitutional Law in Siddharth College of Law, Mumbai.

Sushilkumar Shinde

Sushilkumar Sambhaji Shinde (born 4 September 1941) is an Indian politician. He was the Minister of Home Affairs and Power in the Manmohan Singh government. 

He was also the Leader of the House in Lok Sabha until 26 May 2014. 

He was the Chief Minister of the state of Maharashtra during 18 January 2003 to October 2004.

Shinde unsuccessfully ran for Vice-President of India in 2002, but lost the election to Bhairon Singh Shekhawat.

Pinner

Pinner is an area in Greater London, in the London Borough of Harrow. It is 12 miles (19 km) northwest from Charing Cross. Previously it was in Middlesex, as that county used to be.

Pinner is close to the northern border of the London Borough of Hillingdon.

Tell Me a Riddle

Tell Me a Riddle is a 1980 American drama movie directed by Lee Grant and starring Melvyn Douglas, Lila Kedrova, Brooke Adams, Peter Coyote, Zalman King.

Small frog

The small frog, bleating water-holding frog, creek frog or little collared-frog ("Ranoidea manya") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland on the Cape York Peninsula.

René Marqués

René Marqués (October 4, 1919 – March 22, 1979) was a Puerto Rican short story writer and playwright.

He studied at the College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts. He earned a degree in agronomy in 1942. He studied drama at the University of Madrid in 1946 and Columbia University in New York in 1949. Family. He married Serena Velasco in 1942. They divorced in 1957. He had two sons and one daughter. 

He had many jobs. He worked as an agronomist for the Department of Agriculture (1943-46). He managed a department store from 1946 to 1949. He was also a college teacher and a journalist in San Juan in the 1950s. He founded the Experimental Theater of the Atheneum in 1951. 

He won a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation in 1949. He also won many literary prizes in Puerto Rico. 

He wrote theater plays, short stories, and essays.   His most famous play is "The Oxcart (1956)" or "La Carreta" (which means "The Wagon"). It is the story of a Puerto Rican family who move from Puerto Rican countryside to New York City for a better life. The family has a hard time becoming like their neighbors. They go back home to live on a farm in Puerto Rico, but they find it is hard to go back to the way they were. 

In 1959, he published three plays in one book. The book was called "Teatro" ("Theater"). The first play was "La muerte no entrará en palacio" ("Death Will Not Enter the Palace"). This play was about a governor who betrays his ideals. The second play was called "Un niño azul para esa sombra" ("A Blue Child for That Shadow"). The third play was the most successful, "Los soles truncos" ("Maimed Suns"). "Los soles truncos" tells the story of three sisters who do not like modern life.

He influenced later Puerto Rican playwrights, such as Luis Rafael Sanchez (author of "Antigone"), Pedro Pietri (author of "The Masses are Asses"), and Lin-Manuel Miranda (author of "Hamilton"). He influenced the Puerto Rican writer Giannina Braschi (author of Yo-Yo Boing!). 


Puerto Rican literature

Puerto Rico has a vibrant literature. Puerto Rican poetry, novels, essays, and theater plays are mostly written in Spanish. However, Puerto Rican authors sometimes write in a mixture of Spanish and English and in English. The most important authors are René Marqués, Julia de Burgos, Rosario Ferrer, Luis Rafael Sanchez, Giannina Braschi, Lin-Manuel Miranda, and Esmeralda Santiago.

Puerto Rican women novelists have been successful internationally. They have won many prizes. Their books have been translated into many languages. They write satires, humorous novels, poems, and political essays The island's storytellers include Rosario Ferrer ("Eccentric Neighborhoods"), Giannina Braschi ("United States of Banana"), Ana Lydia Vega ("Pollito Chicken"), Mayra Santos ("Sirena Selena"), and Esmeralda Santiago ("When I Was Puerto Rican"). The major female poets are Julia de Burgos (who wrote lyrical poems such as "Yo fui mi ruta") and Giannina Braschi (author the poetry epic "Empire of Dreams").

In the 20th century, many Puerto Ricans moved to New York City for a better life. They are called "Nuyorican." Nuyorican is a person of Puerto Rican birth or descent who lives in New York.

The most famous Puerto Rican novels are "Down These Mean Streets" by Piri Thomas and "Yo-Yo Boing!" by Giannina Braschi. Both books talk of New York City life for immigrants. Their books discuss the harsh side of the American Dream. Both novels also use a mixture of Spanish and English called Spanglish.

The Nuyorican movement is a tradition of poets, writers, artists, and musicians who create works about Puerto Rican life in New York City. The male poets include Miguel Algarin, Tato Laviera, Pedro Pietri ("Masses are Asses"), and Miguel Pinero (Outlaw). The main Nuyorican women poets are Sandra Maria Esteves and Giannina Braschi (Empire of Dreams).

The most famous Puerto Rican playwright is Lin Manuel Miranda, author of the Broadway musical "Hamilton". Miranda's successful musical won many awards, including Drama Desk Award and Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play is about the American revolution in 1776. One actress Rosie Perez wrote an autobiography called ""Handbook for an Unpredictable Life: How I Survived Sister Renata and My Crazy Mother, and Still Came Out Smiling..."" (2014). Famous Puerto Rican plays are "Short Eyes" by Miguel Pinero and "The Oxcart" by René Marqués. Latino theater companies that produce Puerto Rican plays include Pregones, Puerto Rican Traveling Theater, and Aguijon Theater.

Born in Puerto Rico, USA


Born stateside



Giannina Braschi

Giannina Braschi (San Juan, Puerto Rico, 5 February 1953) is a Puerto Rican poet, novelist, and scholar. Her best-known books are "Empire of Dreams", "Yo-Yo Boing!", and "United States of Banana".

Giannina Braschi was a model, singer, and tennis champion in her childhood. Her family imported cars to Puerto Rico. She studied literature and philosophy in Madrid, Rome, London, Paris, and New York. She has a Ph.D. in Hispanic Literature. She taught at Rutgers University. Her life's work is the subject of the book "Poets, Philosophers, Lovers: On the Writings of Giannina Braschi". 

She is also an activist. She advocates for the independence of Puerto Rico from the United States. 

She lives in New York City. 

Giannina Braschi writes in Spanish, Spanglish, and English. She writes about love, creativity, immigration, and liberty. She is "one of the most revolutionary" writers in Latin America today." The word "revolutionary" means to her style is very creative. She also writes about revolution.

She wrote the poetry epic "Empire of Dreams" (1988) about New York City. Her poetry is humorours. She wrote the first Spanglish novel "Yo-Yo Boing!" (1998). Spanglish is a mix of the English and Spanish languages. She wrote the novel "United States of Banana" (2011) about terrorism and the collapse of the United States. The novel opens with the fall of the World Trade Center in 2001, and ends with the liberation of Puerto Rico. 

Her books have been turned into art books, photography, painting, and sculpture. There is a comic book of United States of Banana (2017) by the Swedish cartoonist Joakim Lindengren. The same book was turned into a play.

She has won awards from National Endowment for the Arts, New York Foundation for the Arts, Ford Foundation, Danforth, and Reed Foundations, Puerto Rican Institute of Culture, and PEN American Center, among others.


Murdoc Niccals

Murdoc Faust Niccals (born Murdoc Alphonce Niccals; 6 June 1966) is the fictional bassist for the British animated rock band Gorillaz. He is voiced by Phil Cornwell and was created by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett.

Murdoc is portrayed as a middle-aged man with a black mop top haircut, green skin and black eyes. In some cases, especially in phases 1 and 2, his left eye is a dark red or grey colour. The colour of Murdoc's skin has changed over the years from a dark greenish olive to a lime-green colour, however the cause of this is unknown.

Nicolette Poulos

Nicolette Poulos (born 4 January 1977) is a South African female water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Catharanthus roseus

Sadabahar is a small plant with dark green oval leaves and flat petalled pink flowers. It is the source of vinca alkaloids, used in chemotherapy (as vinblastine, vincristine, etc.) for leukaemia and other cancers. Has been used as a herbal remedy for diabetes. Its investigation as a treatment for arthritis led to the discovery of its cytotoxic properties. It the Provincial flower of the Punjab in Pakistan.

Hayley Duncan

Hayley Duncan (born 20 May 1981) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. 


Laura Barrett

Laura Barrett (born 1986) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. 

Tammy Heydenrych

Tammy Heydenrych (born 1980) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. and 2009 Women's Water Polo World League.


Sarah Harris

Sarah Lee Harris (born 11 November 1987 Cape Town) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for University of the Pacific, and Arizona State University.

Christine Barretto

Christine Barretto (born 1980) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 FINA Women’s Water Polo World League, 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Samantha Keet

Samantha Keet (born 15 July 1988) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. 

Mbali Mpofu

Mbali Mpofu (born 1990) is a South African water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. and 2009 Women's Water Polo World League.

Republican Party (Liberia)

The Republican Party (or Liberian Party) was a political party in Liberia. The people in the party were mostly Americo-Liberians who had mixed African and European ancestry and originated in the United States. The True Whig Party was the opposing party.

Winston Groom

Winston Francis Groom Jr. (March 23, 1943 – September 17, 2020) was an American novelist and non-fiction writer. He was born in Washington, D.C. but raised near Mobile, Alabama.

He was best known for writing "Forrest Gump", which was made into the popular 1994 movie "Forrest Gump". He published a sequel, "Gump and Co.", in 1995. 

He also wrote many non-fiction works such as about the American Civil War and World War I.

Groom died on September 17, 2020 in Fairhope, Alabama from a heart attack at the age of 77.

Czech Academy of Sciences

The Czech Academy of Sciences (abbr. CAS, , abbr. AV ČR) was created in 1992 by the Czech National Council. It replaced the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences. The Academy is the leading non-university public research institution in the Czech Republic. It is located in the Czech capital of Prague.


Luboš Perek

Luboš Perek (26 July 1919 – 17 September 2020) was a Czech astronomer. He was born in Prague. Perek was best known for his "Catalogue of Galactic Planetary Nebulae" co-written in 1967 with Luboš Kohoutek. 

From 1967 to 1970, he was General-Secretariat of the International Astronomical Union.

He worked on the mass in the galaxy, high-velocity stars, planetary nebulae, definition of outer space, geostationary orbit, space debris, and management of outer space.

Perek turned 100 in July 2019. He died on 17 September 2020 in Prague, aged 101.

Ashok Gasti

Ashok Gasti (1965 – 17 September 2020) was an Indian politician and a lawyer. He was born in Raichur, Karnataka. He represented Karnataka in the Rajya Sabha for less than 3 months until his death in 2020. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Gasti died of COVID-19 on 17 September 2020 at a hospital near Udupi, Karnataka at the age of 55.

Ricardo Ciciliano

Ricardo Manuel Ciciliano Bustillo (September 23, 1976 – September 17, 2020) was a Colombian football midfielder. Ciciliano was born in Barranquilla, Colombia. He mainly played for Millonarios F.C. with 65 appearances and with Juan Aurich with 58 appearances. 

Ciciliano died on September 17, 2020 at a hospital in Barranquilla from pneumonia caused by COVID-19, aged 43.

Roy C

Roy Charles Hammond (August 3, 1939 – September 16, 2020), better known as Roy C or Roy "C", was an American southern soul singer-songwriter and record executive. He was best known for his songs "Shotgun Wedding" and "Impeach the President". He was born in Newington, Georgia.

Hammond died on September 16, 2020 in Allendale, South Carolina from liver cancer at the age of 81.

Newington, Georgia

Newington is a town in Screven County, Georgia, United States. The population was 290 at the 2020 census.

Wang Zhiliang

Wang Zhiliang (; 1941 – 15 September 2020) was a Chinese table tennis player and coach. At the 1963 World Table Tennis Championships, he and partner Zhang Xielin became the first Chinese duo to win the men's doubles gold medal in world championships. He was born in Xushui District, China.

Wang died on 15 September 2020 from a stroke in Beijing at the age of 79.

Steve Carter (playwright)

Horace Edward "Steve" Carter Jr. (November 7, 1929 – September 15, 2020) was an American playwright. Carter was best known for his plays involving Caribbean immigrants living in the United States. He was born in New York City. He was known for writing the 1978 play "Nevis Mountain Dew". He was a playwright-in-residence at Victory Gardens Theater in Chicago.

Carter died on September 15, 2020 in Tomball, Texas at the age of 90.

Russell A. Anderson

Russell A. Anderson (May 28, 1942 – September 15, 2020) was an American politician and attorney. He was Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court from 2006 to 2008. He was an Associate Justice of the court from September 1, 1998 until he was 2006. He was born in Bemidji, Minnesota

Anderson died on September 15, 2020 at the age of 78.

Anne Stevenson

Anne Stevenson (January 3, 1933 – September 14, 2020) was an American-British poet and writer. She received the Lannan Literary Award in 2007. Stevenson was born in Cambridge, England, but went to America at six months old. There she spent her childhood and youth. She hoped to be a musician, but she gradually lost her hearing, so switched to being a writer. Once she got her university degree, she decided to return to England where she settled for the rest of her life. In the 1960s she lived and wrote in Cambridge, Glasgow, Dundee and Oxford. She was writer in residence at the University of Dundee and co-founded "Other Poetry" (magazine). She wrote the controversial biography of the American poet Sylvia Plath.

Stevenson died on September 14, 2020 at the age of 87.


Gordon Getty

Gordon Peter Getty (born December 20, 1933) is an American businessman, investor, philanthropist and classical music composer.

He is the fourth child of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty. His mother, Ann Rork, was his father's fourth wife.

Getty got control of Getty's US$2 billion trust after his father's death. His net worth was $2.1 billion in May 2019, making him number 383 on the Forbes 400 list of the wealthiest Americans.

Reggie Johnson (musician)

Reginald Volney Johnson (December 13, 1940 – September 11, 2020) was an American jazz double-bassist. He was born in Owensboro, Kentucky. He joined Art Blakey's band for a month-long residency at the Five Spot Café in December 1965.

He played and/or recorded with Bill Dixon, Sun Ra, and Burton Greene, Lonnie Liston Smith, Stanley Cowell, Bobby Hutcherson, Harold Land, Blue Mitchell, Walter Bishop Jr., Sonny Rollins, Sonny Stitt, Sarah Vaughan, Carmen McRae, Art Pepper, Kenny Burrell, Clark Terry, The Crusaders, Johnny Coles, and Frank Wess.

Johnson died on September 11, 2020 at the age of 79.

Tony Villars

Anthony Keith Villars (24 January 1952 – 9 September 2020) was a Welsh footballer. He was born in Pontypool, Wales. He made three appearances for the national team in 1974. From 1971 to 1976, he played for Cardiff City F.C.. Between 1976 and 1977, he also played for Newport County A.F.C..

Villars died on 9 September 2020 at the age of 68.

Luba Perchyshyn

Luba Perchyshyn (born Luba Mary Procai; October 10, 1923 – September 7, 2020) was an American businesswoman and crafter. She promoted the art of pysanky (Ukrainian decorated eggs). She was born in Minneapolis.

Perchyshyn co-authored several books, including "Ukrainian Easter Eggs and How We Make Them" (1979) and "The Ukrainian Design Book" (1999).

Perchyshyn's eggs were admired and sold internationally, and were included in White House holiday decorations and events.

Perchyshyn died on September 7, 2020 in Minneapolis at the age of 96.

Ethan Peters

Ethan Peters (March 8, 2003 – September 5, 2020) was an American beauty blogger, makeup artist, and social media personality. He had a large amount of followers on many social media platforms including Instagram and YouTube. He was known for his avant-garde, emo, and gay-inspired made-up style. Peters was the founder of the clothing line Hellboy.

Peters died of a drug overdose at his home in Huntsville, Texas on September 5, 2020 at the age of 17.

John Najarian

John Sarkis Najarian (December 22, 1927 – September 1, 2020) was an American transplant surgeon. He was a clinical professor of transplant surgery at the University of Minnesota. Najarian was an important person in the discovery and usage of thoracic transplant surgery. He was born in Oakland, California.

Najarian died on September 1, 2020 in Stillwater, Minnesota at the age of 92.

James A. Taylor

James Allan Taylor (May 2, 1928 – September 1, 2020) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He was in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1971 to 1987 and was a cabinet minister in the government of Bill Davis. Taylor was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. He was born in Timmins, Ontario.

Taylor served as the first mayor of Prince Edward County from 1997 to 2003. 

Taylor died on September 1, 2020 in Belleville, Ontario at the age of 92.

Luboš Kohoutek

Luboš Kohoutek (, born 29 January 1935) is a Czech astronomer. He was known as a discoverer of minor planets and comets, including Comet Kohoutek which was visible to the naked eye in 1973. He also discovered comets 75D/Kohoutek and 76P/West–Kohoutek–Ikemura.

The main-belt asteroid 1850 Kohoutek was named after him.

British Academy

The British Academy is the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and the social sciences.
It was created in 1902 and received its royal charter in the same year.

The academy is a self-governing and independent registered charity, based at 10–11 Carlton House Terrace in London.

The British Academy is funded with an annual grant from the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS).

Udupi

Udupi, otherwise spelt "Udipi" and also known as Odipu, is a city in the Indian state of Karnataka. Udupi is located about north of the educational, commercial & industrial hub Mangalore and about west of state capital Bangalore by road. 

Jeff Bergman

Jeffrey Allen Bergman (born July 10, 1960) is an American voice actor, comedian and impressionist. He is known for his voice work with "Looney Tunes" and Hanna-Barbera characters. 

Bergman was the first to replace Mel Blanc as the voice of Bugs Bunny and several other Warner Bros. cartoon characters following Blanc's death in 1989.


Eric Bauza

Eric Adrian Bauza (born December 7, 1979) is a Canadian-American voice actor, animator and comedian. His roles include Stimpy on "Ren and Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon"", Rudolfo Rivera/White Pantera on "", Foop on "The Fairly OddParents" and Lord Stingray on "Superjail!", "The Powerpuff Girls".

He is also one of the current voices of characters such as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Marvin the Martian, Pepé Le Pew, Tweety, Woody Woodpecker, Boo-Boo Bear, Ranger Smith, Scrappy Doo, and Dino.

Selectorate theory

Selectorate Theory is a political theory that attributes the actions of leaders to rational, calculated decisions based on acquiring and maintaining power, originally proposed by Bruce Bueno de Mesquita.

Originally proposed in 1993 as a part of a work titled "The Logic of Political Survival", co-written by Bruce Bueno de Mesquita, Alastair Smith, Randolph M. Siverson, and James D. Morrow, published by MIT Press. It discusses the selectorate theory of politics. Their theory was refined into a 2011 publication titled "The Dictator's Handbook." The main thesis of the book is the implications of selectorate theory and how to improve world and national politics based on its principles.

The theory is based on a single idea: No political leader has ever had total control of their government. Leaders need the support of at least some people to lead, because those people either do something for the leader or tell other people what to do. This means that there is a group of people the leader needs to persuade in order to obtain or keep power. These people are the selectorate, and are divided into three categories:

There are three groups of people that a leader, or their contenders, must remain aware of in order to keep, or acquire, power:


There are many ways that a leader and the selectorate interact with each other, mostly through the five rules that leaders follow to acquire and keep power.


There are two methods of governance that form using the Selectorate Theory: a government with few Essentials- called a small coalition- and a government with a large group of Essentials- called a large coalition.

Small coalition governments are autocracies such as North Korea or the Soviet Union. Although many people can vote in their elections, if there are any, a leader stays in power because of the very few people who are rewarded for their loyalty. In small coalition governments, a leader can simply bribe their Essentials with material rewards such as money or real estate.

Large coalition governments are governments that force leaders to appeal to large amounts of people to take power, such as through an election. This style of governance makes it implausible to bribe individual voters or Essentials, meaning a leader instead pools the money earned from taxes to create policy that disproportionately rewards their Essentials more than other groups.

With the basic idea of how a leader and their selectorate interact with each other, there are several ways that this manifests in domestic and foreign policy.

Monarchy is a system where a regent has a small court of lords whom support the ruler. However, those who are eligible to become a member of the court is also small. This means a contender can easily promise big rewards for those who are able to become members of the court who aren't already, while those in the court must always prepare to be replaced, meaning they are never as loyal as they could be.

As such, democracy and autocracy are more stable systems for a leader because these systems allow them to follow the Second Rule: keep the Nominal selectorate as large as possible.

Foreign aid with no strings attached, such as the giving of money from a wealthy nation to a less fortunate one, often acts as a symbiotic relationship between dictators and democrats. Large-coalition governments send foreign aid money to impoverished nations as a policy concession- thus retaining power- while the impoverished nations, who are often governed by small coalitions, distribute the money among the coalition instead of benefiting the people.

Conversation Piece (movie)

Conversation Piece () is a 1974 Italian French erotic drama movie directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Burt Lancaster, Helmut Berger, Silvana Mangano, Claudia Marsani, Romolo Valli, Philippe Hersent, Umberto Raho.

The Damned (1969 movie)

The Damned (Italian title: "La caduta degli dei", lit. "The Fall of the Gods") is a 1969 Italian German Liechtenstein drama movie directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Dirk Bogarde, Ingrid Thulin, Helmut Griem, Helmut Berger, Renaud Verley, Umberto Orsini, Charlotte Rampling. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1970 and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Hattie Morahan

Harriet Jane Morahan (born 7 October 1978) is an English actress. Her roles include Alice in "The Bletchley Circle", Gale Benson in "The Bank Job" (2008), Ann in "Mr. Holmes" (2015), Rose Coyne in "My Mother and Other Strangers" (2016), and Agathe/The Enchantress in "Beauty and the Beast" (2017).

Joe Ruklick

Joseph Ruklick ( (August 3, 1938 – September 17, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Philadelphia Warriors between 1959 to 1962. Ruklick was born in Princeton, Illinois.

Ruklick died of natural causes on September 17, 2020 in Evanston, Illinois at the age of 82.

Berni Alder

Berni Julian Alder (September 9, 1925 – September 7, 2020) was a German-born American physicist. His works focused in statistical mechanics, and an important person of numerical simulation in physics. He was born in Duisburg, Germany. In 2008, he became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2009, he was honored with the National Medal of Science.

Alder died on September 7, 2020 at the age of 94.

Scheduled monument

In the United Kingdom, a scheduled monument is a nationally important archaeological site or historic building. The schedule legally protects the monument from unauthorised change.

The protection of scheduled monuments is given under the "Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979". There are about 20,000 scheduled monuments in England.

According to the 1979 Act, a monument cannot be a structure which is occupied as a dwelling, used as a place of worship or protected under the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973.

List of countries and territories where Persian is an official language

The following is a list of sovereign states that have Persian as an official language.

Anikó Gyöngyössy

Anikó Gyöngyössy (born 21 May 1990) is a Hungarian water polo player. She's the goalkeeper for Budapesti VSC (BVSC) until 2022.

She played in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, 2020 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Hollywood Cavalcade

Hollywood Cavalcade is a 1939 American drama movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Alice Faye, Don Ameche, J. Edward Bromberg, Al Jolson, Donald Meek, Buster Keaton, Irving Bacon, Hank Mann. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


King Kong Escapes

King Kong Escapes is a 1967 Japanese-American science-fiction fantasy action spy kaiju film. It was produced by Toho and Rankin/Bass Productions and distribution by Universal Pictures in 1968. It is the fourth"King Kong" movie and second Japanese "King Kong" movie. this film was special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya. about an giant ape named "Kong" an Mondo Islander tries to hunt the terrorist leader Dr. Who creating a giant robot called "Mechani-Kong" or "Robot Kong" in English-dub, an 20-meter ape robot.

in, 1966. an arctic headquarters inside an giant robotic gorilla created by Who himself an a copy-alike of King Kong, Mechani-Kong digging by an mysterious object known as Element X an crystaline radiation. then in Mondo Island a group of United Nations submarine groups, then Susan caught by an Gorosaurus who tries to eat her, Kong awakes to fights Gorosaurus to death. Dr. Who arrives Mondo Island to hunt Kong to use as a prisoner, those helicopters launched an gassed bomb to unconscious the ape and carried by an larger ship. Kong watches an Mechani-Kong as a real aside, then hypnotized Kong to dig an Element X, and escaped. Kong goes on a rampage to Tokyo, an JSDF tanks surrounded the ape, an Mechani-Kong upsets catches Susan kidnapped, running the robot follows to the Tokyo Tower. Kong holds Mechani-Kong's leg and dropping Susan and hold her onto the place, Mechani-Kong steps an tower and electrocutes the giant robot ape, Mechani-Kong fell off the tower and crashes to metal pieces. Kong attacked Who inside the giant ship, wrecked and destroyed in the entire sea, Kong victoriously wins and leaving swimmingly Kong went, Japan to Mondo Island instead.
in American version of those voices include, Paul Frees, Julie Bennett, Hal Smith, Pat Woodell.

The film was released in Japan in July 22, 1967 by Toho and United States in June 19, 1968 by Universal Pictures and Rankin/Bass Productions.

Annalisa Bosello

Annalisa Bosello (born 1988) is an Italian water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


Anna Plyusova

Anna Plyusova (born 10 September 1992) is an Uzbekistani water polo player. She was a member of the Uzbekistan women's national water polo team.

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2011 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2010 Asian Games.


Natalya Murashkina

Natalya Murashkina (born 6 March 1988) is an Uzbekistani water polo player. She was a member of the Uzbekistan women's national water polo team.

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships,


Clara Aller

Clara Aller (born 11 April 1987) is an Spanish water polo player. She was a member of the Spain women's national water polo team.

She was a part of the team at the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships,


Cristina Lopez Aliaga

Cristina Lopez Aliaga (born 20 October 1982) is a Spanish water polo player. 

She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2008 Women's Water Polo World League, and 2009 Women's Water Polo World League.

On the club level, she played with Club Natació Sabadell, champion of Spain, in 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2009.


Irene Hagen

Irene Hagen (born 8 January 1981) is a Spanish water polo player.

She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship and 2009 Women's Water Polo World League. 

On the club level, she played for Alcorcón Swimming Club"." 

List of reptiles of Alabama

Alabama is home to 93 indigenous reptile species. Indigenous species include one type of crocodilian, 12 types of lizard, 49 types of snake, and 31 types of turtle. Three native species may be extinct in the state. These include the eastern indigo snake, southern hognose snake and the mimic glass lizard.

Alabama is home to sixty-six known snake species and subspecies. There are eleven snake species and subspecies that are venomous to humans in the state. The remaining fifty-five species and subspecies are either not venomous or is mildly venomous. They include:

Kuranda tree frog

The Kuranda tree frog ("Ranoidea myola") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland. Scientists have only seen it near the Barron River.

The adult male frog is 3.5 to 4.5 cm long and the adult female frog is 5.7 to 6.9 cm long. They can be brown, tan, gray or a mix of these with darker brown or green marks. The female frog spends most of her time in trees and the male frog spends most of his time near streams.

This frog is endangered because of habitat loss, because of the fungal disease chytridiomycosis, because of predators brought from other places and because of competition from a similar frog, the green-eyed tree frog.

Northern copperhead snake

The northern copperhead snake ("Agkistrodon contortrix mokasen") is a subspecies of the copperhead snake. It is found in the eastern United States.

Kim Cheong-gi

Kim Cheong-gi (born April 4, 1941) is a South Korean director of animated, fantasy, and science fiction themed films.

His most well known work, "Robot Taekwon V" (1976), is considered one of the milestones of Korean animation. With actor Shim Hyung-rae, he created the "Ureme" series, one of the more popular Korean children's series of the late 1980s. 


Hieracium

Hieracium is the hawkweed. This genus of sunflowers has a huge number of species over ten thousand species and subspecies. 

Some experts split it up into two genera: what is here treated as the single genus "Hieracium" is treated by some European experts as two genera, "Hieracium" and "Pilosella".

Like all members of the family, hawkweeds have tightly packed flowerheads made of many small flowers. They reproduce asexually by seeds which are genetically identical to those of the mother plant.

Shah Ahmad Shafi

Shah Ahmad Shafi () (1916 – 18 September 2020) was a Bangladeshi educator. He was the chief of Hefajat-e-Islam Bangladesh. He was rector of Al-Jamiatul Ahlia Darul Ulum Moinul Islam Hathazari from 1986 until his death and also the chairman of Bangladesh Qawmi Madrasah Education Board. He was born in Rangunia, Chittagong.

Shafi died on 18 September 2020 from a heart attack caused by diabetes in Dhaka, aged 104.

Space Gundam V

Space Gundam V (스페이스 간담 V) or "Space Gandam V" is a 1983 South Korean animated science fiction action mecha film directed by Kim-Cheong-Gi. produced by Seoul Donghwa Productions.

in middle of South Korean mountains found a giant robot called "Space Gundam V" by piloting an alien named Agent Dicke against Agent Hades wraths over earth attacked brought an a giant rat, giant humanoid bat, giant spider. led by an ruler of outer space named Uranus an man ruler of the stars. they taken the body of Tan-i inside Dicke's form.

 

Mohamed Atwi

Mohamed Ahmed Atwi (; 10 January 1987 – 18 September 2020) was a Lebanese professional footballer who last played as a midfielder. He played for the national team from 2011 to 2014. From 2008 to 2018, he played for Al Ansar. Atwi was born in Harouf, Lebanon.

On 21 August 2020, Atwi was hit in the head by a stray bullet in Beirut. He died a month later on 18 September, aged 33.

Pir Hameeduddin Sialvi

Hazrat Pir Khwaja Hameeduddin Sialvi (1936 – 17 September 2020) was a Pakistani spiritual leader and politician. He was the "sajjadah nasheen" of Sial Sharif shrine in Sargodha, Pakistan. He was a member of the Senate of Pakistan between 1988 to 1994. He was a member of the Pakistan Muslim League (Q). Sialvi was born in Sial Sharif.

Sialvi died on 17 September 2020 in Sial Sharif at the age of 84.

Reg Harrison

Reginald Frederick Harrison (22 May 1923 – 17 September 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a right winger. Harrison was born in Normanton, Derby. His career began in 1939 and he retired in 1962. 

He played for Derby County, Boston United and Long Eaton United. He managed Long Eaton United between 1958 to 1962.

Harrison died at home in Alvaston, Derby on 17 September 2020 at the age of 97. At the time of his death he was the oldest living FA Cup finalist.

Stéphane Caillat

Stéphane Caillat (1928 – 11 September 2020) was a French composer and conductor of orchestras and choirs. He was born in Lyon, France. 

In 1954, he founded the choir named after him, "Stéphane Caillat". In 1979, he founded the Centre d'études polyphoniques et chorales de Paris Île-de-France, which he directed for ten years. He also produced music programs for France Musique during the 1980s.

Caillat died in Paris on 11 September 2020, aged 92.

Sheila Ingram

Sheila Rena Ingram (March 23, 1957 – September 1, 2020) was an American athlete. She competed mainly in the 400 metres. She was born in Washington, D.C.. She competed for United States in the 1976 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal.

Ingram died on September 1, 2020 at the age of 63.

Walnut Creek, California

Walnut Creek is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States. It is located in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, about east of the city of Oakland. About 70,127 people live here.

Aigre

Aigre () is a commune in the Charente department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.

The commune has been awarded one flower by the "National Council of Towns and Villages in Bloom" in the "Competition of cities and villages in Bloom".

On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Villejésus was merged into Aigre.

Watamu

Watamu is a small town located approximately 105 km north of Mombasa and about 15 km south of Malindi on the Indian Ocean coast of Kenya. Its main economic activities are tourism and fishing. The town has a population of around 30,000 in 2020.
The shoreline in the area features white sand beaches and offshore coral formations. It is rated the third-best beach in Africa, for its crystal clear water and silver sand beaches.

Watamu is home to the Bajuni people. Luo, Kisii, Kikuyu, Kamba, Kalenjin, and Luhyas have all migrated to the area to work in the hotel industry. According to archaeological findings, Watamu is inhabited from the 13th Century. The ruins of Gedi (also known as Gede) are located near Watamu.



Siwanoy

The Siwanoy were a tribe of Native Americans who lived mostly in The Bronx and Westchester County, New York. They were part of a group of tribes called the Wappinger-Mattabesec Confederacy. 

Today, the descendants of the Siwanoy people live all across the United States.

Bruck an der Mur District

The Bruck an der Mur District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Bruck an der Mur merged with the district of Mürzzuschlag to form the new district of Bruck-Mürzzuschlag on 1 January 2013.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Mürzzuschlag District

The Mürzzuschlag District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Mürzzuschlag merged with the district of Bruck an der Mur to form the new district of Bruck-Mürzzuschlag on 1 January 2013.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Austin v. United States

Austin v. United States, 509 U.S. 602 (1993), was an Supreme Court case in 1993 where the Supreme Court decided that the Eighth Amendment includes the government seizing property as punishment.

Richard Lyle Austin was accused of violating the drug laws of South Dakota. He admitted to having cocaine and wanting to give it to others. The United States told him to turn over his car shop. Austin said that the government doing that was a violation of the part of the 8th Amendment that says fines can't be too much. Austin won the case.

Feldbach District

The Feldbach District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Feldbach merged with the district of Radkersburg to form the new district of Südoststeiermark on 1 January 2013.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Fürstenfeld District

The Fürstenfeld District is a former district in the state of 
Styria in Austria. Fürstenfeld merged with the district of Hartberg to form the new district of Hartberg-Fürstenfeld on 1 January 2013.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

LiHe

LiHe is a chemical compound. It contains helium and lithium. The substance is a cold low density gas. It is made of a helium atom and lithium atom held together by van der Waals force. It was detected in 2013.

Hartberg District

The Hartberg District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Hartberg merged with the district of Fürstenfeld to form the new district of Hartberg-Fürstenfeld on 1 January 2013.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Judenburg District

The Judenburg District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Judenburg merged with the district of Knittelfeld to form the new district of Murtal on 1 January 2012.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Knittelfeld District

The Knittelfeld District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Knittelfeld merged with the district of Judenburg to form the new district of Murtal on 1 January 2012.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Radkersburg District

The Radkersburg District is a former district in the state of Styria in Austria. Radkersburg merged with the district of Feldbach to form the new district of Südoststeiermark on 1 January 2013.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Wien-Umgebung District

The Wien-Umgebung District is a former district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria.

The district existed from 1954 to 2016. In 2017, the municipalities became part of four adjacent districts.

Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .

Northumberland County, Virginia

Northumberland County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 11,839 people lived there. Its county seat is Heathsville.

Lithium 12-hydroxystearate

Lithium 12-hydroxystearate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CHLiO. It is classified as a lithium soap. In chemistry, "soap" refers to salts of fatty acids. Lithium 12-hydroxystearate is a white solid.

Most greases used today in vehicles, aircraft, and heavy machines contain lithium stearates, mainly lithium 12-hydroxystearate.

Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown

Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown () is a county in Ireland. It is part of the County Dublin in the province of Leinster.

County Fingal

Fingal () is a county in Ireland. It is part of the County Dublin in the province of Leinster.

County South Dublin

South Dublin () is a county in Ireland. It is part of the County Dublin in the province of Leinster.

Auffreville-Brasseuil

Auffreville-Brasseuil is a commune. It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in the north-central of France.

Lithium acetate

Lithium acetate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CHCOOLi. It is a salt that contains lithium and acetic acid.

Lithium acetate is used in the laboratory as buffer for gel electrophoresis of DNA and RNA. 

Lithium aluminate

Lithium aluminate is an inorganic chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiAlO. It is also called lithium aluminium oxide. It is an aluminate of lithium.

Abaré

Abaré is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia.

Água Fria

Água Fria is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia.

Belmonte, Bahia

Belmonte is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia.

Larry Wilson (American football)

Larry Frank Wilson (March 24, 1938September 17, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a free safety with the St. Louis Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) between 1960 to 1972. He was born in Rigby, Idaho.

He played his entire 13-year career with the Cardinals and remained on the team's payroll until 2003. After his playing career, he stayed with the Cardinals as a coach and executive between 1973 to 2002. 

Wilson died on September 18, 2020 from cancer in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 82.

Bento Fernandes

Bento Fernandes is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte.

Extremoz

Extremoz is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte.

Audrey Azoulay

Audrey Azoulay (; born 4 August 1972) is a French politician. She was France's Minister of Culture from 2016 to 2017. 

She was nominated on 13 October 2017 and, on 10 November 2017, appointed as the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), becoming the second female leader of the organization.

De Fryske Marren

De Fryske Marren () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 51,430 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2014 and consists of the former municipalities of Gaasterlân-Sleat, Lemsterland, Skarsterlân and parts of Boarnsterhim, all four of which were dissolved on the same day.

Het Bildt

het Bildt () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Waadhoeke.

Harlingen, Netherlands

Harlingen () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 15,758 people lived there.

Franekeradeel

Franekeradeel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Waadhoeke.

Menameradiel

Menameradiel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Waadhoeke.

Littenseradiel

Littenseradiel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland.

It was created on 1 January 1984 from the former municipalities Baarderadeel and Hennaarderadeel. On 1 January 2018, the municipality was dissolved and its territory was split between three other municipalities: Waadhoeke, which was created that day, Leeuwarden and Súdwest-Fryslân.

Boarnsterhim

Boarnsterhim () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. On 1 January 2014, the municipality was dissolved and its territory was split between four other municipalities: De Fryske Marren, which was created that day, Leeuwarden, Heerenveen and Súdwest-Fryslân.

Heerenveen

Heerenveen () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 50,257 people lived there.

On 1 January 2014, Boarnsterhim is a part of the municipality of Heerenveen.

Harlingen

Harlingen is the name of three places:

Harlingen, New Jersey

Harlingen is a census-designated place (CDP) in Somerset County, New Jersey.

Annetta North, Texas

Annetta North is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lithium aluminium hydride

Lithium aluminum hydride is an inorganic compound. Its chemical formula is LiAlH. It is commonly abbreviated as LAH. It is a grey solid. It was discovered by Finholt, Bond and Schlesinger in 1947.

Lithium aluminium hydride is a colorless solid, but commercial samples are usually gray because of contamination. It can be purified by recrystallization from diethyl ether. It reacts violently with water. Some commercial samples contain mineral oil to stop reactions with moisture in the atmosphere.

Lithium aluminum hydride is used in organic chemistry as a reducing agent. Lithium aluminum hydride is most commonly used for the reduction of esters and carboxylic acids to primary alcohols.

Melinda Plowman

Melinda Plowman (born May 13, 1941), also called Melinda Ann Casey and Melinda Casey, is an American actress and associate director. She started acting aged 6 and was in many movies and television series in the 1960s. Her first lead role was in the 1966 horror movie "Billy the Kid Versus Dracula". She joined the Directors Guild of America in the 1970s and was an associate director in the 1990s. 


Alloza

Alloza is a municipality in the province of Teruel in the autonomous community of Aragon in Spain. According to the 2021 census (INE), the municipality has 577 people.

Henry Selick

Charles Henry Selick (born November 30, 1952) is an American stop motion director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the stop-motion animation movies "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993), "James and the Giant Peach" (1996), "Coraline" (2009), and "Wendell and Wild" (2022) with Jordan Peele and Keegan-Michael Key.

U Škripcu

U Škripcu (; trans. "In Dire Straits") was a Serbian and Yugoslav rock band from Belgrade.

The band was created in 1980 by Zoran Vulović "Vule" (keyboards), Milan Delčić "Delča" (vocals) and Aleksandar Vasiljević "Vasa" (guitar), who later added Miloš Obrenović (drums) and Aleksandar Lukić (bass guitar) to the band, and to change the name of the band to U Škripcu. After the band became successful and popular around Yugoslavia with the release of the album "O je!" and EP "Nove godine!", they failed to repeat this success, and so they disbanded in 1985.

In 1986, Vulović and Delčić re-created the band, but the latter soon left the band, so the new lineup, which included the vocalist Aleksandar Tabaš and various musicians, recorded the fourth studio album, "U Škripcu". The album was not successful, so the band disbanded again in 1988. The next year, Vulović reunited with Delčić and Vasiljević, Lukić on guitar, bassist Dejan Škopelja, and drummer Ratko Ljubičić. They recorded the fifth studio album "Izgleda da mi smo sami". After this, the band disbanded again. After this, Vulović became a producer and manager, Delčić pursued a solo career with his band Sklekovi, and Vasiljević and Lukić became a part of the supergroup Familija. In 2007, the original lineup came back together at the Delča i Sklekovi concert at the Belgrade Dom Omladine, which was released in 2008 as "Ljubilarnih 20 i nešto godina - Live", under the moniker Delča a i U Škripcu. Delčić died of cancer on 24 July 2011.

Former members








The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend

The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend is a 1949 American romantic western comedy movie directed by Preston Sturges and was based on the story by Earl Felton. It stars Betty Grable, Cesar Romero, Rudy Vallee, Sterling Holloway, Hugh Herbert, El Brendel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Papa Legba

Papa Legba is a loa in Voodoo, who serves as the intermediary between the loa and humanity. He stands at a spiritual crossroads and gives permission to speak with the spirits of Guinee.

He usually appears as an old man with a cane. In Benin, Nigeria and Togo Legba is viewed as young and trickster deity.

Loa Erzulie, Damballa, Baron Samedi and Papa Legba, all appear in the "WildCats" original comic series. They also appear in Terry Pratchett's book "Witches Abroad" (1991).

The character Galeb from "Tales of Monkey Island" was based on Papa Legba.

In 2017, Bruno Blum released a song named "Papa Legba". 

In the 2017 novel "American Street" by Ibi Zoboi, PaPa Legba appears in Detroit, Michigan, often near the corner of American Street and Joy Road.

In 2018, Papa Legba (Lance Reddick) briefly returns in the eighth season of "American Horror Story".

In the 2020 novel "Our Wild Sex in Malindi" by Andrei Gusev, Papa Legba and other popular Loa together with the adepts of Voodoo are depicted in Malindi, Kenya.

Plasticity (physics)

Plasticity, or plastic deformation, is the ability of a solid material to have a permanent change in shape. In physics and materials science, this is called deformation. 

For example, a solid piece of metal being bent or pounded into a new shape shows plasticity. Permanent changes occur in the material itself. In engineering, the transition from elastic behaviour to plastic behaviour is known as yielding.

Iaido

Iaido movements are elegant movements. New learners often start using a wooden sword and then move on to an "iaitō" (A metal but fairly blunt sword). People that do Iaido may be called "iaidoka.

Barton Highway

The Barton Highway is a highway in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory, Australia. It is also known as A25.

Later this year 2020, the Barton Highway duplication project will happen and will retain the M25 route marker in 2023.

Stephen F. Cohen

Stephen Frand Cohen (November 25, 1938 – September 18, 2020) was an American historian of Russian studies. His works focused on modern Russian history since the Bolshevik Revolution and Russia's relationship with the United States. Cohen was an editor to "The Nation" magazine. Cohen was a founding director of the reestablished American Committee for East–West Accord which was revived in 2015. He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Cohen died on September 18, 2020 from lung cancer in New York City, aged 81.

Thái Nguyên province

Thái Nguyên is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Thái Nguyên.

Tuyên Quang province

Tuyên Quang is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Tuyên Quang.

Điện Biên province

Điện Biên is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Điện Biên Phủ.

Robert W. Gore

Robert W. "Bob" Gore (April 15, 1937 – September 17, 2020) was an American engineer, scientist, inventor and businessman. He was born Salt Lake City, Utah. Gore led his family's company, W. L. Gore & Associates. He was known for his invention of Gore-Tex.

Gore died on September 17, 2020 in Newark, Delaware from cancer at the age of 83.

Arnold Thackray

Arnold Thackray (born 30 July 1939) is an English science historian. He is the founding president of the Chemical Heritage Foundation (now the Science History Institute), the Life Sciences Foundation, and Science History Consultants. He is an emeritus professor at the University of Pennsylvania.

Hòa Bình province

Hòa Bình is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hòa Bình.

Donald Trump photo op at St. John's Church

On June 1, 2020, amid the George Floyd protests in Washington, D.C., law enforcement officers used tear gas and other riot control tactics to forcefully clear peaceful protesters from Lafayette Square.

This was done to create a path for President Donald Trump and senior administration officials to walk from the White House to St. John's Episcopal Church. Trump held up a Bible and posed for a photo shoot in front of Ashburton House (the church's parish house), which had been damaged by a fire during protests the night before.

Former military leaders, current religious leaders, and elected officials from both parties criticized Trump for the event. The event was described by "The New York Times" as "a burst of violence unlike any seen in the shadow of the White House in generations" and possibly one of the defining moments of the Trump presidency. Joe Biden and some newspapers said that Donald Trump held the Bible upside down, which is not true.

Lai Châu province

Lai Châu is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Lai Châu.

Lào Cai province

Lào Cai is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Lào Cai. Sapa is a popular village to visit. This Vietnamese province surrounds Fansipan, the highest mountain in Vietnam. The province shares a border with Yunnan province in China. Lào Cai City and Hekou City, China are built next to each other and share a border crossing. The Sapa Airport is currently being built. 

Sơn La province

Sơn La is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Sơn La.

Yên Bái province

Yên Bái is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Yên Bái.

Page County, Virginia

Page County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 23,709 people lived there. Its county seat is Luray.

Patrick County, Virginia

Patrick County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 17,608 people lived there. Its county seat is Stuart.

Pittsylvania County, Virginia

Pittsylvania County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 60,501 people lived there. Its county seat is Chatham.

Powhatan County, Virginia

Powhatan County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 30,333 people lived there. Its county seat is Powhatan.

Prince George County, Virginia

Prince George County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 43,010 people lived there. Its county seat is Prince George.

Common gundi

The common gundi ("Ctenodactylus gundi") is a type of rodent in the family Ctenodactylidae. It is found in Algeria, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia.

Lithium amide

Lithium amide is an inorganic compound. Its chemical formula is LiNH. It is also called lithium azanide. It is a white solid. Lithium amide can be made by treating lithium metal with liquid ammonia.

Pulaski County, Virginia

Pulaski County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 33,800 people lived there. Its county seat is Pulaski.

Rappahannock County, Virginia

Rappahannock County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 7,348 people lived there. Its county seat is Washington.

Richmond County, Virginia

Richmond County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 8,923 people lived there. Its county seat is Warsaw.

Roanoke County, Virginia

Roanoke County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 96,929 people lived there. Its county seat is Salem.

Rockbridge County, Virginia

Rockbridge County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 22,650 people lived there. Its county seat is Lexington.

Albeck

Albeck () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Glanegg

Glanegg () is a municipality of the district Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Bud

A bud usually occurs in the axil of a leaf or at the tip of a stem. They are one way plants can reproduce asexually. They connect with phloem and xylem to get nourishment. 

Some plants normally develop adventitious buds on their roots. The buds can grow quite a distance from the plant. Shoots that develop from adventitious buds on roots are termed suckers. They occur in many grasses, quaking aspen and creeping thistle. A famous quaking aspen known as the Pando grew from one trunk to 47,000 trunks by adventitious bud formation on a single root system.

Gnesau

Gnesau () is a municipality of the district Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Lithium aspartate

Lithium aspartate is a salt of aspartic acid and lithium. Its chemical formula is CHLiNO. It is sometimes sold as a dietary supplement which is used in small doses to treat some diseases. However, there are no studies that support the efficiency, or safety, of lithium aspartate. It is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat any disease.

Himmelberg

Himmelberg () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Quaking aspen

The quaking aspen is a term for two different aspen species.


All aspens spread by suckers (root sprouts). They may come to air up to 40 m from the parent tree, and form extensive clonal colonies. 

Ossiach

Ossiach () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Reichenau, Carinthia

Reichenau () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Sankt Urban

Sankt Urban () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Steindorf am Ossiacher See

Steindorf am Ossiacher See () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

The municipality lies on the east side of Lake Ossiach.

Steuerberg

Steuerberg () is a municipality of the district of Feldkirchen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Rockingham County, Virginia

Rockingham County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 83,757 people lived there. Its county seat is Harrisonburg.

Russell County, Virginia

Russell County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 25,781 people lived there. Its county seat is Lebanon.

Scott County, Virginia

Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 21,576 people lived there. Its county seat is Gate City.

Lithium azide

Lithium azide is the lithium salt of hydrazoic acid. It is an unstable and toxic compound. It decomposes into lithium and nitrogen when heated.

It can be made by metathesis reaction between sodium azide and lithium nitrate or lithium sulfate solutions. It can also be made by reacting lithium sulfate with barium azide.

Jitsi

Jitsi is a group of free and open-source voice (VoIP), videoconferencing and instant messaging for many platforms, like the web platform, Windows, Linux, macOS, iOS and Android. The Jitsi project started with Jitsi Desktop (previously known as SIP Communicator). With the growth of WebRTC, the Jitsi team decided to focus on Jitsi Videobridge for doing web-based video calling for multiple people. Later the team added Jitsi Meet, a full video conferencing application that includes web, Android, and iOS clients. Jitsi also operates meet.jit.si, a version of Jitsi Meet hosted by Jitsi for free to be used by the community. Other projects are: Jigasi, lib-jitsi-meet, Jidesha, and Jitsi.

Jitsi is supportefd by various institutions such as the NLnet Foundation, the University of Strasbourg and the Region of Alsace and it has participated multiple times on Google Summer of Code program.

Work on Jitsi (then SIP Communicator) started in 2003as a student project by Emil Ivov at the University of Strasbourg. It was released as an example video phone in the JAIN-SIP stack and later became an independent project.

In 2009, Emil Ivov founded the BlueJimp company which has employed some of Jitsi's main contributors in order to offer professional support and development services related to the project.

In 2011, after successfully adding support for audio and video communication over XMPP's Jingle extensions, the project was renamed to Jitsi since it was no longer "a SIP only Communicator". This name originates from the Bulgarian "жици" (wires).

Jitsi introduced the Videobridge in 2013 to support video calling with multiple people using a new Selective Forwarding Unit (SFU) architecture. Later that year initial support was added to the JitsiVideobridge allowing WebRTC calling from the browser. To demonstrate how JitsiVideobridge could be used as a production service, BlueJimp offered a free use of its hosted system at meet.jit.si.

On November 4, 2014, "Jitsi + Ostel" scored 6 out of 7 points on the Electronic Frontier Foundation's secure messaging scorecard. They lost a point because there has not been a recent independent code check by people outside jitsi .

On February 1, 2015, Hristo Terezov, Ingo Bauersachs and the rest of the team released version 2.6 from their stand at the Free and Open Source Software Developers' European Meeting 2015 event in Brussels. This release includes security fixes, removes support of the deprecated MSN protocol, along with SSLv3 in XMPP. Among other improvements, the OS X version has aa Java 8 runtime inside, enables echo cancelling by default, and uses the CoreAudio subsystem. The Linux build fixes font issues with the GTK+ native LookAndFeel, and fixes someissues about microphone volume level on call starting when using the PulseAudio sound system. A full list of changes is available on the project web site.

Atlassian bought BlueJimp on April 5, 2015. After that, the new Jitsi team under Atlassian stopped important new development work on the Jitsi Desktop project and expanded its efforts on projects related to the Jitsi Videobridge and Jitsi Meet. Regular contributions from the open source community have maintained the Jitsi Desktop project. Jitsi is fully funded by 8x8.

The Jitsi open source repository on GitHub currently contains 103 repositories. The major projects include:


Jitsi Meet is an open source JavaScript WebRTC application and can be used for videoconferencing. One can share presentations and with just a link can invite new members for videoconference. It can be used by downloading the app or directly in a browser and is compatible with any recent browser. Every user can use Jitsi.org servers or can download and install the server software on a Linux-based machine.

Key features of Jitsi Meet


Lithium beryllide

Lithium beryllide is a hypothetical intermetallic compound of lithium and beryllium. It may have many possible compositions. They include LiBe, LiBe, LiBe, LiBe, LiBe, LiBe, LiBe, LiBe and LiBe.

Lithium bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide

Lithium bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide (LiTFSI) s a hydrophilic salt. Its chemical formula is LiCFNOS. It is commonly used as a source of lithium ions in electrolytes for lithium-ion batteries. It is an alternative to the commonly used lithium hexafluorophosphate. It is made up of one lithium cation and a bistriflimide anion. LiTFSI is toxic if swallowed. It is toxic in contact with skin and can cause severe skin burns. Therefore, sealed batteries must not be opened. 

Waterfall frog

The waterfall frog or torrent tree frog ("Ranoidea nannotis") is a frog from Australia. Scientists have seen it between 180 and 1300 metres above sea level.

The adult male frog is 3.2 to 5.2 cm long and the adult female frog is 4.8 to 5.9 cm long. This frog lives in fast-flowing streams in rainforests and other forests. It does not only lay its eggs in fast streams. It spends most of its time in or near the water. The adult frog is gray or olive on the back with mottling colors and a white belly. This frog can lay eggs at any time of year. The female frog lays her eggs underneath rocks. The tadpoles have strong tails for swimming and mouths on the underside of their bodies so they can hold onto rocks. Adult frogs hide in the stream or near waterfalls during the day and look for food at night. They usually do not go more than 35 metres away from the water.

This frog eats almost any animal without bones inside that it can fit into its mouth. It will eat flies, dragonflies, beetles, true bugs, mites, bees, wasps, ants, insect larvae and millipedes.

This frog is endangered. Scientists think this might be because feral pigs brought to Australia by humans rip up their streams, but they are not sure. Some scientists looked at whether habitat loss or or chemicals that humans use to kill insects might be killing the frogs, and they found this is probably not what is killing them. Some scientists think the fungal disease chytridiomycosis could be killing the frogs

Lithium bis(trimethylsilyl)amide

Lithium bis(trimethylsilyl)amide is a lithiated organosilicon compound. Its chemical formula is LiN(SiMe). It is commonly abbreviated as LiHMDS which means lithium hexamethyldisilazide. It is mainly used as a strong non-nucleophilic base and as a ligand.

It can be made by the deprotonation of bis(trimethylsilyl)amine with n-butyllithium. Once its made, the compound can be purified by sublimation or distillation.

It is often used in organic chemistry as a strong non-nucleophilic base. It can be used to make many organolithium compounds, including acetylides or lithium enolates.

Gympie gympie

Dendrocnide moroides, the gympie gympie, or gympie stinger, is a plant of rainforest areas in the north east of Australia. It is also found in Indonesia. It has stinging hairs over the whole plant. It delivers a strong neurotoxin when touched. The small bulb on the tip of the stinging hairs break off and penetrating the skin, injecting the toxin. It is the most toxic of the Australian stinging trees. The fruit can be eaten if the stinging hairs that cover it are removed.

Ernie Rider, who was slapped in the face and torso with the foliage in 1963, said:

For two or three days the pain was almost unbearable; I couldn’t work or sleep, then it was pretty bad pain for another fortnight or so. The stinging persisted for two years and recurred every time I had a cold shower. ... There's nothing to rival it; it's ten times worse than anything else.

The sting does not stop several small marsupial species (such as the red-legged pademelon, some insects, such as "Prasyptera mastersi", and some birds, from eating the leaves.

High tech

High technology (or high tech for short) is the best technology available at the moment. High technology can be defined as the most complex or the newest technology on the market. The opposite of high technology is low technology (or low tech for short). This is simple and cheap technology.


Lithium borate

Lithium borate is an inorganic compound. Its chemical formula is LiBO. It is also called lithium tetraborate. It is a colorless solid.

Lithium borate can be used in the laboratory as LB buffer for gel electrophoresis of DNA and RNA. It is also used in the borax fusion method to vitrify mineral powder samples for analysis by WDXRF spectroscopy. It is also used in making glasses and ceramics.

Tad, The Lost Explorer

Tad, The Lost Explorer (Spanish: Las aventuras de Tadeo Jones) is a 2012 Spanish 3D computer-animated adventure movie directed by Enrique Gato. It was produced by Telecinco Cinema and Lightbox Entertainment.


About the Mystery of the Letters

About the Mystery of the Letters (, "Peri tou mystēriou tōn grammatōn") is a work about the names and forms of letters of the Greek and Hebrew letters. The author of the work is unknown, but he probably had a Christian background. It was probably written in the 6th century Byzantine Palaestina Prima.

The text is known from three Greek manuscript copies written between the 14th and 16th centuries, and one Coptic–Arabic bilingual translation from the late 14th century. The first modern edition of the Coptic text was published in 1900/1901. The Greek text was first described in 1931, but published for the first time only in 2007.

The text was originally written in Palaestina Prima. It was written in the Greek language. The Coptic manuscripts names its author as "Apa Seba" (Arabic: "Saba"), referring to Saint Sabas of Palestine (439–532). Evidence from the text itself leads to a somewhat later dating: in the second half of the 6th century. It could have been written by a follower of Sabas, possibly a monk in the monastery of Mar Saba. This monastery had been founded by Sabas. A certain anti-philosophical polemic tendency expressed by the text can be related to the Origenist controversies of the mid-6th century, in which Mar Saba had played an important role.

The unknown author declares he was prompted to the study of the secret meanings of the letters by the words of the Apocalypse, "I am the Alpha and Omega", and that he then received a vision about them on Mount Sinai.

The author proposes a re-modelled Greek alphabet reduced to 22 letters on the model of the 22 letters of Hebrew (leaving out Xi Ξ and Psi Ψ), and with the Hebrew letter names. He then interprets these letters as symbolic figures of 22 works of divine creation in the biblical Creation according to Genesis, and of 22 corresponding works of salvation by Christ. He shows this theory through descriptions of the various letters and interpretations of their shapes. This is followed by an account of the history of the alphabet, which weaves together elements of Greek mythology and the Hebrew Bible as well as several Jewish and pagan texts: according to this account, the Hebrew alphabet was first handed down to mankind by divine inspiration during the generation of Enoch, but was lost during the Confusion of Tongues. God then revealed the Greek alphabet on a tablet of stone, which, after the Deluge, was brought to Phoenicia and Greece by Cadmos.

A long section of the text is devoted especially to the letter Waw and its Greek equivalent, Digamma (called "Episemon" in the treatise), the numeral sign for "6". This sign is interpreted as a special symbol of Christ. This idea is further connected to the interpretation of all three extra-alphabetic numeral signs of Greek ("Episemon" for 6, Koppa for 90, and Sampi for 900) as symbols of the Holy Trinity, i.e. Christ, the Holy Ghost and God the Father respectively later in the text.

The final chapters of the text are speculations about more general topics, including the history of mankind – whose key events are related symbolically to the sequence of vowels and consonants in the alphabet –, a discussion of Christology dealing with issues related to the Council of Chalcedon, and reflections upon the name of "Adam".


St. Lawrence Island

St. Lawrence Island is an island found in the Bering Sea, west of the U.S. State Alaska. The island has an area of 4,640 square kilometers, and is 140 km long, and 35 km wide. The island is part of Alaska, although it is closer to Russia. The island is a one of the last above water parts of the ancient landmass known as Beringia. It is the sixth largest island in the United States, and is the 113th largest island in the world. In 2010, 1,292 people lived on the island, most of which live in the two main villages of Savoonga and Gambell. 

The island is thought to have been home to several old natives, mostly by the Siberian Yupik around 2,500 years ago. 

In 1878, a famine hit the island, causing over 1,000 people to die, and many others to leave.

During the Cold War, a P2V Neptune by the US Navy were shot down by the Soviet with two fighter planes, forcing it to fly down to Gambell Airport, where the plane crashed. None of the 11 onboard were killed, but 7 were injured.

The island has two main airports, one at Gambell and another at Savoonga. There is another old airport at the east end of the island, which used to be a part of an old military base. The island can be travelled to by boat as well. 

Economic growth

Economic growth occurs when the labor force increases the amount of the goods or services it has. This is through the population working harder or a technological advancement.

Forests of Azerbaijan

The forests of Azerbaijan have 150 endemic species of trees and bushes out of a total of 435 species of trees and bushes.

The total forest area of Azerbaijan is 1,021,880 ha or 11.8% of the country's area. The forest biomes are made up of temperate deciduous forests, temperate mixed deciduous and coniferous forests, temperate coniferous forests and riparian forests. Specialists estimate that in the 8th-9th centuries the forest cover was around 30-35%, most of it is in mountainous areas.

While as a whole, Azerbaijan is a country with modest forest cover, the forest cover is unevenly spread across the country. In the low-lying areas, the forest cover is very sparse, also due to the fact that the precipitation is too low for trees and forests to grow in most of these areas; whereas in many mountainous areas, the forest cover is much greater especially in wetter areas.

49% of the country's forests are located in the Greater Caucasus Mountains, 34% in the Lesser Caucasus Mountains, 15% in the Talysh Mountains-Lankaran Lowland region, 2% in the Kur-Araz Lowland, and 0.5% in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic.

The forests are classified into two major ecoregions in Azerbaijan: the Caucasus mixed forests of the Greater Caucasus Mountains and the Lesser Caucasus Mountains, and the Caspian Hyrcanian mixed forests of the Talysh Mountains-Lankaran Lowland region.

Azerbaijan has many endemic tree and shrub species, relicts of the Tertiary period which were not affected by Pliocene and Pleistocene glaciations.


Popular.reviews

Popular.Reviews is a consumer review website founded in Romania. Originally launched in 2016, it provides price comparisons, articles, and reviews on home use products and appliances, tech devices, beauty products, and other topics of interest. The website relies on a team of expert reviewers who focus on consumer-oriented research, editorial pieces following strict content guidelines to comply with market and reader demands.

The website was founded by Marinas Buturoaga in Dolj County in October 2016. In late 2017, it introduced price comparison service to serve as a source of information that readers can use to assess product value. Since 2019, the website extended its activity and published informative-style articles to expand its database of readers. The site is part of programs that earn it affiliate commissions when consumers buy through the links listed in articles and reviews.

Mike Dufraine is the current editor-in-chief of Popular.Reviews. The current staff of reviewers includes Jennie Doyle, Kate Redmond, Melanie Pages, Oliver Parkins, Sophia Lamb, and Theresa Linwood. Other former reviewers include Raluca Aviles (2017-2019), Mark Beckson (2016-2017), and Dana Welch (2017-2018).

Anacleto Oliveira

"Dom" Anacleto Cordeiro Gonçalves de Oliveira (17 July 1946 – 18 September 2020) was a Portuguese Roman Catholic prelate. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1970. He was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lisbon from 2005 to 2010. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana do Castelo, Portugal, from 2010 until his death.

Oliveira died on 18 September 2020 in Lisbon from a car crash at the age of 74.

Mike Tilleman

Michael John Tilleman (March 30, 1944 – September 18, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for 11 seasons (1966–76). He played college football for the Montana Grizzlies. He was born in Chinook, Montana.

He played for the Minnesota Vikings, New Orleans Saints, Houston Oilers and the Atlanta Falcons.

Tilleman died on September 18, 2020 in Havre, Montana from heart disease-related problems, aged 76.

Roza Vidyadhar Deshpande

Roza Vidyadhar Deshpande (1929 – 19 September 2020) was an Indian politician. She was a member of the United Communist Party of India. Deshpande was born in Bombay Presidency, British India. Deshpande was a member of Lok Sabha from 1973 to 1977. 

Deshpande died on 19 September 2020 in Mumbai at the age of 91.

Lee Kerslake

Lee Kerslake (16 April 1947– 19 September 2020) was an English singer-songwriter and drummer. He was best known as the longtime drummer and backing vocalist for the rock band Uriah Heep and for his work with Ozzy Osbourne in the early 1980s.

On 19 September 2020, Kerslake died from prostate cancer at age 73.

Virgin and Child with Canon van der Paele

The Virgin and Child with Canon van der Paele is a large painting finished around 1434–1436 by Jan van Eyck. It shows Joris van der Paele, who was the donor portrait of the painting, with a number of saints. The Virgin Mary is at the centre of the painting on a throne with Jesus Christ as a baby in her arms. The painting is set in a rounded church with the throne being where the altar would be. Many people believe the painting to be one of van Eyck's best, with some calling it a "masterpiece of masterpieces".

Bluey (dog)

Bluey (7 June 1910 – 14 November 1939) was an Australian Cattle Dog. Bluey's owners were Les and Esma Hall from Rochester, Victoria, Australia. "Guinness World Records" says that Bluey is the oldest known dog. Bluey lived for 29 years and 5 months.

Another dog named Chilla was said to have lived for 32 years. A study was done to see if Australian Cattle Dogs lived longer than other dog breeds. 100 dogs were surveyed. The study showed that Australian Cattle Dogs lived on average for 13.41 years, almost a year longer than other dog breeds. In the end, the study says that Bluey and Chilla should be seen as distinct from other dogs instead of showing longer lives for Australian Cattle Dogs.

Three other dogs named Max, Bella, and Maggie were said by their owners to have lived longer than Bluey. "Guinness World Records" did not put any of the dogs in their book because the dog owners could not verify that fact.

Ghost pepper

The ghost pepper, also known as bhut jolokia, is a chili pepper grown in Northeast India.

"Guinness World Records" said it was the hottest pepper in the world in 2007. It has a rating of over one million Scoville Heat Units (SHUs). It was passed by three hotter chillis during 2011. These was passed by the Carolina Reaper in 2013, which is still currently the hottest pepper.


Shawn Fonteno

Shawn Darnell Fonteno, also known as Solo, is an American actor and rapper. He is best known as the voice and the motion capture performer of Franklin Clinton in the video game "Grand Theft Auto V" (2013). He is also the cousin of rapper Young Maylay who voiced Carl "CJ" Johnson, the protagonist of "".

Fonteno was born in Los Angeles, California, and grew up in neighborhood of Watts.

Four pests campaign

The Four Pests Campaign () was one of the campaigns of China, against four pests: namely rats, flies, mosquitoes and sparrows. It was part of a campaign called the Great Leap Forward, which wanted to boost Chinese economy, in the mid-20th century. The campaign started in 1958. 

The extermination of sparrows is also known as Smash Sparrows Campaign () or Eliminate Sparrows Campaign (). It caused severe ecological imbalance; it was one of the causes of the Great Chinese Famine. 

Mao had been told that sparrows ate grain (amongst other things), which was true. But they also ate locusts. And locusts ate nothing but grain. The cause of the famine which followed was that, without sparrows, locusts multiplied hugely and ate so much grain that a great famine followed in China.

In 1960. Mao Zedong ended the campaign against sparrows and redirected the fourth focus to bed bugs. Only after Mao died, in 1976, did the official Chinese press agency announce that sparrows were more useful than harmful. The government took measures to increase the sparrow population in the province of Shandong.

Christmas elf

A Christmas elf is a diminutive elf that lives with Santa Claus at the North Pole and serves as his helper. Christmas elves are often said to wear green or red clad with large, pointy ears and pointy hats. Santa's elves are known to make the toys in Santa's workshop and take care of his reindeer, among other tasks.

The Christmas elf appeared in literature as early as 1850 when Louisa May Alcott completed, but never published a book entitled "Christmas Elves". The image of the elves in the workshop was popularized by "Godey's Lady's Book", with a front cover illustration for its 1873 Christmas Issue showing Santa surrounded by toys and elves with the caption, "Here we have an idea of the preparations that are made to supply the young folks with toys at Christmas time." During this time, Godey's was immensely influential to the birth of Christmas traditions, having shown the first widely circulated picture of a modern Christmas tree on the front cover of its 1850 Christmas issue. Additional recognition was given in Austin Thompson's 1876 work "The House of Santa Claus, a Christmas Fairy Show for Sunday Schools".

The elves are generally said to live for hundreds, or even thousands, of years, despite the fact that in some cases they appear eternally youthful as children.


Shenandoah County, Virginia

Shenandoah County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 44,186 people lived there. Its county seat is Woodstock.

Southampton County, Virginia

Southampton County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 17,996 people lived there. Its county seat is Courtland.

Spotsylvania County, Virginia

Spotsylvania County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 140,032 people lived there. Its county seat is Spotsylvania Courthouse.

Spotsylvania County was founded in 1721 from parts of Essex, King and Queen, and King William counties.


Carbonatite

Carbonatite () is a type of igneous rock. It has greater than 50% carbonate minerals. Carbonatites may be confused with marble, so may need geochemical analysis to make sure.

Carbonatites usually occur as small plugs, or as dikes, sills, breccias, and veins. They are almost all near or in continental rift-related tectonic settings. 

It seems that there has been a steady increase in the carbonatitic igneous activity through the Earth's history, from the Archean eon to the present. Carbonates in general are typical products of life-forms.

Spotsylvania Courthouse, Virginia

Spotsylvania Courthouse is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Spotsylvania County.

Stafford County, Virginia

Stafford County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 156,927 people lived there. Its county seat is Stafford.

Surry County, Virginia

Surry County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 6,561 people lived there. Its county seat is Surry.

Sussex County, Virginia

Sussex County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 10,829 people lived there. Its county seat is Sussex.

Tazewell County, Virginia

Tazewell County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 40,429 people lived there. Its county seat is Tazewell.

Warren County, Virginia

Warren County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 40,727 people lived there. Its county seat is Front Royal.

Washington County, Virginia

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 53,935 people lived there. Its county seat is Abingdon.

Wise County, Virginia

Wise County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 36,130 people lived there. Its county seat is Wise.

Wythe County, Virginia

Wythe County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 28,290 people lived there. Its county seat is Wytheville.

York County, Virginia

York County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 70,045 people lived there. Its county seat is Yorktown.

Bland, Virginia

Bland is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Bland County.

Hanover, Virginia

Hanover is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Hanover County.

Lincolnton, Georgia

Lincolnton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Lincoln County.

Ludowici, Georgia

Ludowici is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Long County.

Oglethorpe, Georgia

Oglethorpe is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Macon County.

Under Fire (1957 movie)

Under Fire is a 1957 American war drama movie directed by James B. Clark and starring Rex Reason, Harry Morgan, Steve Brodie, Peter Walker, Robert Levin, Jon Locke. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Buena Vista, Georgia

Buena Vista is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Marion County.

Caves of Azerbaijan

There are many natural caves in Azerbaijan. Most of these caves are karstic caves and the rest are volcanic caves (lava tubes). These caves were also the first shelters and dwellings of Stone Age hominids and humans.

Azykh Cave, one of the most famous caves of Azerbaijan, is known as the settlement of Stone Age hominids. It was determined that the cave was the settlement of the Acheulean and the Mousterian cultures. During the period of the Mousterian culture, Neanderthals lived in Azykh Cave.

The list does not include all caves.
The list does not include all cave complexes (group of caves connected to each other).


Vessigebro

Vessigebro is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 740 people lived there.

Vallberga

Vallberga is a locality in Laholm Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 657 people lived there.

Hasslöv

Hasslöv is a locality in Laholm Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 228 people lived there.

Füssen

Füssen is a town in Bavaria, Germany, in Ostallgäu, one kilometre from the Austrian border. The town is known for violin manufacturing and as the closest transportation hub for the Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau castles. As of , the town has a population of .

Füssen is on the sides of the Lech River, which flows into the Forggensee. The "Forggensee" is a man-made lake which was built to prevent flooding. It is the drainage area for all the melting snow in the spring, and is drained after the middle of October.
Füssen is above sea level, surrounded by mountains of the Ammergau Alps. The castles of Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau are near the town. At latitude 47°34 N it is one of the southernmost towns in Germany, at about the same latitude as Seattle, Washington, United States.

Füssen is twinned with:




The Black Rose

The Black Rose is a 1950 American historical adventure movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Tyrone Power, Orson Welles, Cécile Aubry, Jack Hawkins. The screenplay by Talbot Jennings was based on the 1945 novel of the same name by Thomas B. Costain and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951.


Thomson, Georgia

Thomson is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of McDuffie County.

Greenville, Georgia

Greenville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Meriwether County.

Colquitt, Georgia

Colquitt is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Miller County.

Camilla, Georgia

Camilla is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Mitchell County.

Forsyth, Georgia

Forsyth is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Monroe County.

Jurassic World: Camp Cretaceous

Jurassic World: Camp Cretaceous is a Canadian-American science fiction animated web series about dinosaurs. It was produced by Universal Television and Netflix. Its first season released on that streaming service on September 18, 2020. It is based on the "Jurassic Park" books by Michael Crichton and their movies. 
Set in 2016, some teenagers have been stranded on Isla Nublar, the island from the first "Jurassic Park".



Cryogenics

In physics, cryogenics is the production and behaviour of materials at very low temperatures.

It is not well defined at what point on the temperature scale refrigeration ends and cryogenics begins. A gas may be cryogenic if it can be liquefied at or below . 

The U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology considers cryogenics as involving temperatures below . The normal boiling points of helium, hydrogen, neon, nitrogen, oxygen, and normal air are below −180 °C. 

The Freon refrigerants, hydrocarbons, and other common refrigerants have boiling points above −180 °C.

Discovery of superconducting materials has raised interest in reliable, low cost methods of producing high temperature cryogenic refrigeration. The term "high temperature cryogenic" means temperatures from above the boiling point of liquid nitrogen, , up to .

Cryogenicists use the Kelvin or Rankine temperature scale, both of which measure from absolute zero, rather than more usual scales such as Celsius which measures from the freezing point of water at sea level or Fahrenheit with its zero at an arbitrary temperature.



General Grievous

General Grievous is a fictional character and a villain in the "Star Wars" series. He is a Kaleesh turned cyborg who served for the CIS during the Clone Wars.

Grievous was first voiced by John DiMaggio and Richard MacGonagle in "" before Matthew Wood took over starting with "".

Snow Mountains tree frog

The Snow Mountains tree frog ("Ranoidea napaea") is a frog from New Guinea and Indonesia. It lives in the Snow Mountains and Wapoga River.

New Holland frog

The New Holland frog, eastern snipping frog or wide-mouthed frog ("Ranoidea novaehollandiae") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland on Cape York and in New South Wales.

This frog does not live in forests or high in mountains. It lays eggs in pools where the water does not move quickly, about 1000 at a time.

Capture the Flag (movie)

Capture the Flag (Spanish: Atrapa la bandera) is a 2015 Spanish computer animated movie produced by 4 Cats Pictures and Lightbox Entertainment, It was directed by Enrique Gato. It was released on 25 August 2015 in the Spain.



Barbara Lagoa

Barbara Lagoa (born November 2, 1967) is an American attorney and jurist. She is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit since 2019. 

She was the first Hispanic woman to be appointed as a Justice of the Supreme Court of Florida. 

Lagoa is reported to be one of President Donald Trump's possible Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court candidate to replace Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

Nicky Jam

Nick Rivera Caminero (born March 17, 1981), known professionally as Nicky Jam, is an American singer and rapper. His songs are usually Latin trap and reggaeton. He is best known for hits such as "X", "Travesuras", "En la Cama", "Te Busco", "El Perdón", "Hasta el Amanecer", and "El Amante".

Paolo Knill

Paolo Knill (June 11, 1932 – September 13, 2020) was a Swiss scientist, artist, and therapist. Knill was a professor at Lesley University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He was a founder of their Expressive Arts Therapy. In 1994, Knill founded the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland. He was born in Zurich.

Knill died on September 13, 2020 at the age of 88.

Robert Chabbal

Robert Chabbal (6 February 1927 – 14 September 2020) was a French physician and scientific researcher. He was Director General of the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) from 1976 to 1979. From 1980 to 1983, Chabbal worked at NATO as Deputy Secretary General for Scientific Affairs.

Chabbal died on 14 September 2020, aged 93.

Darvin Moon

Darvin Moon (October 1, 1963 – September 19, 2020) was an American logger and amateur poker player. He was the runner-up of the 2009 World Series of Poker (WSOP) US$10,000 no-limit Texas hold'em Main Event. It was his first time playing in the World Series of Poker.

Moon, who taught himself how to play poker, ran a small logging company in the Maryland Panhandle before earning a 2009 World Series seat by winning a $130 satellite tournament. He was born in Oakland, Maryland.

Moon died on September 19, 2020 from problems caused by surgery, aged 56.

Shehu Idris

Shehu Idris (20 February 1936 – 20 September 2020) was a Nigerian royal. He was the 18th Fulani Emir of Zazzau and the Chairman of Zazzau Emirate Council and Kaduna State Emirate Council from 1975 until his death. He became emir 8 February 1975 following the death of Alhaji Muhammadu Aminu, the 17th Emir of Zazzau. He was born in Zaria, Nigeria. 

On 10 January 2015 he celebrated his 40 years coronation anniversary, and 8 February 2020, he celebrated his 45 years coronation anniversary. 

Idris died 20 September 2020 at the age of 84 at a military hospital in Zaria.

Fabien Roy

Fabien Roy (April 17, 1928 – October 31, 2023) is a Canadian politician. Roy was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec and the House of Commons of Canada in 1979 and left office in 1980. He was a supporter of social credit theories of monetary reform. Roy was a member and Leader of the Social Credit Party of Canada. He was born in Saint-Prosper, Quebec.

Fabien Roy died in Saint-Georges, Quebec, on October 31, 2023, at the age of 95.

Ed Broadbent

John Edward "Ed" Broadbent (March 21, 1936 – January 11, 2024) was a Canadian social-democratic politician, political scientist, and political activist. He was the chair of the Broadbent Institute. Broadbent was born in Oshawa, Ontario.

He was leader of the New Democratic Party from 1975 to 1989. 

In the 2004 federal election, he returned to Parliament for one additional term as the Member of Parliament for Ottawa Centre. Before, he represented Oshawa in the parliament between 1968 to 1990.

Between 2014 until her death in 2016, he was married to historian Ellen Meiksins Wood.

Broadbent died on January 11, 2024 in Ottawa, Ontario at the age of 87.

Ephrem M'Bom

Ephrem M'Bom (18 July 1954 – 20 September 2020) was a Cameroonian professional footballer. He competed for the Cameroon national football team at the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He played for the national team between 1981 to 1984 making seven appearances. From 1980 to 1990, he played for Canon Yaoundé. M'Bom was born in Yaoundé, Cameroon.

M'Bom died on 20 September 2020 in Douala, Cameroon at the age of 66.

Charles Taylor

Charles McArthur Ghankay Taylor (born 28 January 1948) is a Liberian politician and convicted war criminal. He was the 22nd President of Liberia from 2 August 1997 until his resignation on 11 August 2003.

Jewel Taylor

Jewel Cianeh Taylor (née Howard; born January 17, 1963) is a Liberian politician. In 2018, she became the Vice President of Liberia. She served as Vice President until 2024. 

She was married to convicted war criminal and former president Charles Taylor (whom she married in 1997, but later divorced in 2006) and was First Lady of Liberia during his presidency. 

In 2005, Jewel Taylor was elected to the Senate of Liberia in Bong County as a member of the National Patriotic Party. She was the Chairperson of the Senate Health and Social Welfare Committee on Gender, Women and Children.

In August 2020, she was infected with COVID-19 and flown to Ghana for treatment.

Harvey Hodder

Harvey Hodder (1943 – 17 September 2020) was a Canadian politician. Hodder was the Progressive Conservative Member of the House of Assembly (MHA) for the riding of Waterford Valley from 1993 to 2007. From 2003 to 2007, he was the Speaker of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly.

Hodder died of cancer on 17 September 2020 in Marystown, Newfoundland and Labrador at the age of 77.

Miao Chunting

Miao Chunting (May 1919 – 17 September 2020) was a Chinese politician. He was born in Shandong Province. He was twice Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Committee of Guizhou from 1959 to 1967 and again from 1980 to 1993. He was a member of the Communist Party of China.

Miao died on 17 September 2020 in Guizhou at the age of 101.

Rossana Rossanda

Rossana Rossanda (23 April 1924 – 20 September 2020) was an Italian left-wing politician, journalist, and feminist. She was born in Pula, then-Kingdom of Italy. She was a member of the Italian Communist Party and Proletarian Unity Party Between 1963 and 1968, she was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. In 1969, she founded the newspaper "Il manifesto".

Rossanda died on 20 September 2020 in Rome at the age of 96.

Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester

Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, (born Lady Alice Christabel Montagu Douglas Scott; 25 December 1901 – 29 October 2004) was the wife of Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, the third son of King George V and Queen Mary. She was the mother of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester.

She was the daughter of the 7th Duke of Buccleuch, Scotland's largest landowner.

She became by marriage a princess of the United Kingdom, and a sister-in-law to Edward VIII and George VI. She was an aunt by marriage to Elizabeth II. 

At the time of her death at 102, she was the oldest living member of the British Royal Family.

Princess Alice died on 29 October 2004 in her sleep at Kensington Palace at age 102, 57 days before her 103rd birthday and several years after suffering a stroke. 

Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester

Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, (Henry William Frederick Albert; 31 March 1900 – 10 June 1974) was an English royal and politician. He was the third son and fourth child of King George V and Queen Mary. He was Governor-General of Australia from 1945 to 1947, the only member of the British royal family to hold the post.

Prince Henry died on 10 June 1974 from problems caused by multiple strokes at Barnwell Manor in Northamptonshire at the age of 74.

David Cook (Northern Ireland politician)

David Somerville Cook (January 1944 – 19 September 2020) was a Northern Irish politician. He was a member of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland (APNI), which he helped found. He was elected to Belfast City Council in 1973 and left office in 1985. From 1982 to 1986, he was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly.

In 1978, he became the first non-Unionist Lord Mayor of Belfast. He ran multiple times to become a member of parliament, but never won an election.

On 20 September 2020 it was announced that Cook had died after being diagnosed with COVID-19. He died on 19 September 2020 at a Craigavon hospital, aged 76.

Bianca Andreescu

Bianca Vanessa Andreescu (; born June 16, 2000) is a Canadian professional tennis player. She was born in Mississauga, Ontario.

She has a career-high ranking of No. 4 in the world, and is the highest-ranked Canadian in the history of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA).

Andreescu was the champion at the US Open and the Canadian Open in 2019, beating Serena Williams to win both titles.

She is the first Canadian tennis player to win a Grand Slam singles title and the first to win the Canadian Open in 50 years. She is also the first player to win a Grand Slam singles title as a teenager since Maria Sharapova in 2006.

John W. de Gruchy

John W. de Gruchy (born 18 March 1939) is a South African Christian theologian. He is known for his work resisting apartheid.

He is a Emeritus Professor at the University of Cape Town and Extraordinary Professor at the University of Stellenbosch. He was born in Pretoria, South Africa.

Zaria

Zaria is a major city in Kaduna State in northern Nigeria, as well as being a Local Government Area. 

It was one of the original seven Hausa city-states. Today, it is known for housing Nigeria's largest university, Ahmadu Bello University.

In December 2015, Nigeria's military was reported to have killed 300 Shia Muslims and buried their bodies in a mass grave. Although the government denies the event, it has been described as a Massacre. 


Erzulie

Erzulie (sometimes spelled Erzili or Ezili) is a family of loa in Voodoo.

The Erzulie is a family of loa that are often associated with water, femininity and feminine bodies.

"Erzulie Fréda", the Rada aspect of Erzulie, is the African spirit of love, beauty, jewelry, dancing, luxury, and flowers. She wears three wedding rings, one for each husband - Damballa, Agwe and Ogun. Her symbol is a heart, her colors are pink, blue, white and gold. Her favorite sacrifices include jewelry, perfume, sweet cakes and liqueurs.

"Erzulie Dantor" is the main loa of the Petro family in Voodoo. She is often depicted as a fearsome black woman. Her favourite sacrifices include jewels, golden rings, rum and black pig (for her birthday).

Erzulie, Damballa, Baron Samedi and Papa Legba, all appear in the "WildCats" original comic series. They also appear in Terry Pratchett's book "Witches Abroad" (1991). A powerful voodoo woman in novel "Witches Abroad" is named Erzulie Gogol.

In the Broadway show "Once On This Island", Erzulie is one of the 4 main gods that guide and influence the main character.

Erzulie is depicted in Zadie Smith's 2005 novel "On Beauty".

Erzulie and other popular Loa together with the adepts of Voodoo are depicted in Andrei Gusev's 2020 novel "Our Wild Sex in Malindi".

World's Biggest Coffee Morning

World's Biggest Coffee Morning is the biggest fundraising event by Macmillan Cancer Support. Every year, people in the UK and other places host an event called a Coffee Morning. The money received is to be used for services provided by Macmillan Cancer Support. In 2016, World's Biggest Coffee Morning raised £29.5 million. 

The first World's Biggest Coffee Morning happened in 1990, when a local fundraising committee held a coffee morning in which the cost of the coffee was donated to Macmillan Cancer Support. The first Coffee Morning that happened all around the UK happened in 1991, in which 2,600 supporters took part. Since then, the World's Biggest Coffee Morning has come a long way, to the point where it is the biggest and longest-happening fundraising event of its kind in the UK. In 2016, Coffee Morning raised over £29.5 million to help provide support to people in the UK who have cancer.

Some Coffee Morning hosts have raised money for the event in unusual ways, such as by hosting a Coffee Morning 100 feet underground in Poldark Mine, or on a jet fighter, or by hosting the most distant Coffee Morning, which happened in Antarctica.

The official partner of Coffee Morning is Marks & Spencer. Since 2010, Marks & Spencer has raised £10 million by creating limited edition homeware products and selling a range of baked goods, and donating some of the money they make from them to Macmillan Cancer Support. 



Meron Benvenisti

Meron Benvenisti (, April 21, 1934 – September 20, 2020) was an Israeli political scientist and politician. He was the Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem under Teddy Kollek from 1971 to 1978. He was in charge of East Jerusalem and was Jerusalem's Chief Planning Officer. He was a critic of Israel's policies towards Palestine.

Benvenisti was born in Jerusalem and also died in Jerusalem from renal failure at the age of 86.

Teddy Kollek

Theodor "Teddy" Kollek (; 27 May 1911 – 2 January 2007) was a Hungarian-born Israeli Labor politician. He was the mayor of Jerusalem from 1965 to 1993. He was the founder of the Jerusalem Foundation. Kollek was re-elected five times, in 1969, 1973, 1978, 1983 and 1989. He lost his re-election in 1993 to Likud candidate and future Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert.

During his time as mayor, Jerusalem became a modern city, especially after its reunification in 1967. He was once called "the greatest builder of Jerusalem since Herod." Teddy Stadium is named after him.

Kollek was born in Nagyvázsony, Hungary. In 1935, shortly before Nazis took power of Austria, his family moved to Jerusalem. Kollek died on 2 January 2007 in Jerusalem at the age of 95.

Body cavity

Many animals have spaces or compartments in their body. These spaces or compartments are called body cavity. They are there for organs, or other structures. Sometimes, there is a space between two organs. This space is known as potential body cavity. Potential body cavities usually contain fluid. In the human body, there is a large body cavity on the side of the belly, and another on the side of the back. The one on the side of the belly is called ventral body cavity, the one on the back dorsal body cavity.
The membranes that surround the central nervous system organs (the brain and the spinal cord, in the cranial and spinal cavities are the three meninges. The differently lined spaces contain different types of fluid. In the meninges for example the fluid is cerebrospinal fluid; in the abdominal cavity the fluid contained in the peritoneum is a serous fluid.

In amniotes and some invertebrates the peritoneum lines their largest body cavity called the coelom.

Augmented reality

Augmented reality (often known as AR, not to be mixed with Virtual Reality and Mixed Reality.) is a computer technology that shows digital images on top of the current real world. For example it can show a digital table on top of a floor. It is different from virtual reality which makes a person feel they are somewhere else.

Bledsoe County, Tennessee

Bledsoe County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 14,913 people lived there. The county seat is Pikeville.

Bradley County, Tennessee

Bradley County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. At the 2020 census, 108,620 people lived there. The county seat is Cleveland.

Campbell County, Tennessee

Campbell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 39,272 people lived there. The county seat is Jacksboro.

Cannon County, Tennessee

Cannon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 14,506 people lived there. The county seat is Woodbury.

Carroll County, Tennessee

Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 28,440 people lived there. The county seat is Huntingdon.

Carter County, Tennessee

Carter County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 56,356 people lived there. The county seat is Elizabethton.

Cheatham County, Tennessee

Cheatham County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 41,072 people lived there. The county seat is Ashland City.

Chester County, Tennessee

Chester County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 17,341 people lived there. The county seat is Henderson.

Claiborne County, Tennessee

Claiborne County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 32,043 people lived there. The county seat is Tazewell.

Cocke County, Tennessee

Cocke County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 35,999 people lived there. The county seat is Newport.

Crockett County, Tennessee

Crockett County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 13,911 people lived there. The county seat is Alamo.

Alamo, Tennessee

Alamo is a town in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Crockett County.

Cumberland County, Tennessee

Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 61,145 people lived there. The county seat is Crossville.

Decatur County, Tennessee

Decatur County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 11,435 people lived there. The county seat is Decaturville.

Thomaston, Georgia

Thomaston is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Upson County.

Mount Vernon, Georgia

Mount Vernon is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Montgomery County.

Password manager

A password manager is a computer program that stores passwords, and shows the passwords that are put or made in the password manager. They are used to make passwords and store passwords. This is usually used to store multiple passwords as a person may forget some passwords. People store many passwords for different services as it is not safe to only use one password as if someone else knows the passwords of one of their items, they know the passwords of their other things too since they all have the same password. Recently they have been used to stored other things such as credit card numbers, security questions, One-Time Passwords, and account recovery questions. To access the items in the password manager the person usually has to remember one password, if they lose this password, then they will usually not be able to access the data in their password manager.

The Simpsons (season 32)

The 32nd season of the American animated television series The Simpsons first started showing on Fox on September 27, 2020.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Sulphur, Louisiana

Sulphur is a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a suburb of Lake Charles.

Mooringsport, Louisiana

Mooringsport is a small town in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Oil City, Louisiana

Oil City is a small town in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the fifth most populous municipality in Caddo Parish (after Shreveport, Blanchard, Greenwood and Vivian)

Bunkie, Louisiana

Bunkie is a city in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Haifa District

The Haifa District (, "Mehoz Ḥeifa"; ) is one of the six districts of Israel. Its capital is Haifa.

Tel Aviv District

The Tel Aviv District (; ) is one of the six districts of Israel. Its capital is Tel Aviv.

Central District (Israel)

The Central District (, "Meḥoz haMerkaz"; ) is one of the six districts of Israel. Its capital is Ramla.

Northern District (Israel)

The Northern District (, "Minṭaqat ash-Shamāl"; , "Meḥoz HaTzafon") is one of the six districts of Israel. The capital is Nof HaGalil and the largest city is Nazareth. It has an area of . In 2016, 1,401,300 people lived there.

Southern District (Israel)

The Southern District (, "Meḥoz HaDarom"; ) is one of the six districts of Israel. It covers most of the Negev desert, as well as the Arava valley. Its capital is Beersheba and its largest city is Ashdod.

It is the largest district of Israel by area.

Beaucourt-en-Santerre

Beaucourt-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre

Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Dillinger (1945 movie)

Dillinger is a 1945 American crime drama movie directed by Max Nosseck and starring Lawrence Tierney in the title role, Edmund Lowe, Anne Jeffreys, Eduardo Cianelli, Marc Lawrence, Elisha Cook Jr.. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946 and was distributed by Monogram Pictures.


Narrow fringed frog

The narrow fringed frog ("Ranoidea nudidigita") is a frog from Victoria and New South Wales. It lives on the flat lands not far from the ocean.

This frog is 2.5 to 4.0 cm long. It is bright green, dark green or brown. Adult frogs can change color. It has a black and gold stripe down its side. It lives in streams and lays eggs in small pools next to the stream. Tadpoles swim in the stream and eat algae from rocks. Scientists used to think it was the same species as "Litoria phyllochroa", which is also called leaf green tree frog, but they now think it is its own species. They think so because the "Ranoidea nudidigita" has a different voice call and lives in different places than "Litoria phyllochroa".

Emperor Go-Daigo

Emperor Go-Daigo or Go-daigo Tennō (1288-1339) was the emperor of Japan from 1318 to 1339. He was the 96th emperor of Japan. When he lived, the shoguns had a lot of power in Japan. Emperor Go-Diago tried to take power from them so he could rule Japan.

When Go-Daigo lived, Japan had two governments. There was one government set up by the emperors of Japan, who lived in Kyoto. There was another government run by the shoguns, the "bakufu". The law said the emperors were rulers, but the bakufu had more power than they did. Neither the emperor's government nor the shogun's government was powerful enough to rule very well.

Go-Daigo was born with the name Takaharu on November 26, 1288. He was born on Mount Yoshino, near the town of Yoshino in Nara.

Go-Daigo became emperor in 1318 when he was 30 years old. This was not usual for the time. Usually, small boys were made emperor. When they became adult men, they went to religious communities for men, where they would set up a government and rule even though they stayed in the monastery. A new boy from the imperial family was put on the throne. This system, with a boy on the throne in public and a "former" emperor ruling from a monastery, was called cloistered rule or "insei".

Go-Daigo wanted to rule Japan himself. The bakufu government was weak because they had not been able to reward their warriors. When the Mongols invaded, the bakufu brought an army and kept them from invading. But the usual way to reward warriors was to give them the defeated enemy's lands and treasure. Because the Mongols were invaders, they had no lands for the shoguns to give to their warriors. This made the warriors unhappy with the shoguns. Go-Daigo began to quietly raise an army to defeat the bakufu and take control of Japan, but he was found out. The shogun caught him and imprisoned him on the Oki Islands.

Go-Daigo's supporters fought for him while he was on the Oki Islands. One of the shogun's generals, Ashikaga Takauji changed sides. Go-Daigo's side won, and Go-Daigo ruled. His rule is called the Kemmu Restoration.

Go-Daigo did not reward Ashikaga Takauji with a high rank, only the rank of counsellor. He did not reward many of his other supporters either. In 1335, Takauji declared himself shogun and rebelled. Takauji and his army captured Kyoto and set up one of Go-Daigo's relatives as an emperor there. Go-Daigo ran away from Kyoto and set up a court Yoshino, south of Nara. Go-Daigo's court only ruled the land nearby. So for many years, there were two men who said they were emperor of Japan.

After Go-Daigo's time as ruler, the line of emperor was split in two, one northern and one southern. They were made one line again in 1392.

Madison, Georgia

Madison is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Morgan County.

Covington, Georgia

Covington is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Newton County.

Alpharetta, Georgia

Alpharetta is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Fulton County.

Acworth, Georgia

Acworth is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Cobb County.

Watkinsville, Georgia

Watkinsville is a town in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Oconee County.

Lexington, Georgia

Lexington is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Oglethorpe County.

Jasper, Georgia

Jasper is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Pickens County.

Lydia Bailey

Lydia Bailey is a 1952 American historical adventure movie directed by Jean Negulesco and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Kenneth Roberts. It stars Dale Robertson, Anne Francis and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

King Kong Lives

King Kong Lives also known as "King Kong 2" in other countries, is a 1986 American action-adventure fantasy monster movie directed by John Guillermin, and starring Brian Kerwin and Linda Hamilton. It was released in December 19, 1986. It is the sixth King Kong movie, as well as the sequel of the 1976 movie.

After being shot down from the World Trade Center, Kong is revealed to be still alive and is kept in a coma for about 10 years at the Atlantic Institute, under the care of surgeon Dr. Amy Franklin. In order to save Kong's life, Dr. Franklin must perform a heart transplant and give Kong a computer-monitored artificial heart. However, he has lost so much blood that a blood transfusion is badly needed, but Franklin says there is no species of ape or other animal whose blood type matches Kong's.

Hank "Mitch" Mitchell, adventurer and Franklin's eventual lover, who travels to Borneo (as he theorizes that Borneo and the island from the first movie were once part of the same landmass) and captures a giant female ape who is named "Lady Kong". Mitchell brings her to the institute to use her blood for King Kong's surgery. The transfusion and the heart transplant are a success, but Kong escapes along with Lady Kong.

Archie Nevitt, an insane army lieutenant colonel, is called in with his men to hunt down and kill the two apes. Lady Kong is captured alive by Nevitt's troops and imprisoned; Kong falls from a cliff and is presumed dead. However, as Franklin and Mitchell soon discover, Kong's artificial heart is beginning to fail, forcing them to attempt a jailbreak. They discover that Lady Kong is pregnant with Kong's offspring. The jailbreak is successful thanks to Kong, who has survived the fall and breaks his mate out. After being followed, attacked, and shot by the military, Kong kills Lt. Col Nevitt and dies slowly near a military base on a farm where Lady Kong gives birth to an infant son. Kong reaches out to touch his son just before dying. Having returned to Borneo, Lady Kong lives peacefully with her son in the jungle.


"King Kong Lives" was criticized by movie critics and the reviews were very negative. Rotten Tomatoes reported that none of the movie critics gave the movie a positive review, which has an average rating of only 2.20 out of 10. On Metacritic, the movie has an average score of 32 out of 100 based on 9 reviews by movie critics, meaning "generally unfavorable reviews".

Across the world, "King Kong Lives" was a commercial success at the box office, with a total revenue of $48.9 million, which was much more than the movie budget of $18 million.

It was a box office bomb in the United States and Canada, grossing $4,711,220 during its theatrical run. But the movie's success elsewhere, covered the losses in North America.

Leaf green tree frog

The leaf green tree frog ("Ranoidea phyllochroa") is a frog from Victoria and New South Wales in Australia.

This frog lives in forests and grasslands, but it can also live in suburbs and cities. This frog lives near streams. The female lays eggs on plants underneath the water. The tadpoles grow into frogs in 12 weeks.

Even though it is called the "leaf green" tree frog, it is usually olive green in color. It has a yellow stripe down each side of its body. This frog can change color, becoming very dark, to blend in with the area around it to hide.

Scientists used to think the narrow fringed frog was the same species as the leaf green tree frog but they now think they are two species. They think so because the narrow fringed frog and leaf green tree frog have different voice calls and live in different places. The narrow fringed frog is also called the leaf green tree frog or leaf green river tree frog.

Streptokinase

Streptokinase (STK) is a medication used to dissolve blood clots (thrombolysis) in human body. Streptokinase is used mainly treat heart attacks (Myocardia Infarction). There are 2 main types of heart attacks; STEMI and non-STEMI and Streptokinase is only used in STEMI type heart attacks after confirming with an ECG. It is given as an injection into a vein.


Common side effects of Streptokinase are;


It is not recommended to use streptokinase during the lifetime of a person more than once due to the risk of developing allergic reactions.

Streptokinase was discovered in 1933 by American microbiologist, William S. Tillett, from a bacteria known as beta-hemolytic streptococci. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Streptokinase is no longer used in hospitals to treat heart attacks in many countries including United States and replaced by a medication called Tenecteplase which has less side effects.

The Remains of the Day (movie)

The Remains of the Day is a 1993 British-American drama movie. It is based from the Booker Prize-winning 1989 novel of the same name by Kazuo Ishiguro. The movie was directed by James Ivory, produced by Ismail Merchant, Mike Nichols, and John Calley.

It stars Anthony Hopkins as James Stevens and Emma Thompson as Miss Kenton, with James Fox, Christopher Reeve, Hugh Grant, Michael Lonsdale, Paul Copley and Ben Chaplin in supporting roles.

The movie was nominated for eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor (Hopkins), Best Actress (Thompson) and Best Adapted Screenplay (Jhabvala). 

In 1999, the British Film Institute ranked "The Remains of the Day" the 64th greatest British film of the 20th century.

Ben Chaplin

Ben Chaplin (born Benedict John Greenwood; 31 July 1969) is an English actor. He was born in Windsor, Berkshire. He is known for his role as a servant in "The Remains of the Day". He also starred as Con Wainwright in "Feast of July" (1995) and as Tom Wingfield in Sam Mendes' stage production of "The Glass Menagerie".

Georgetown, Quitman County, Georgia

Georgetown is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Quitman County.

Blackshear, Georgia

Blackshear is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Pierce County.

Zebulon, Georgia

Zebulon is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Pike County.

DeKalb County, Tennessee

DeKalb County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 20,080 people lived there. The county seat is Smithville.

Dyer County, Tennessee

Dyer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 36,801 people lived there. The county seat is Dyersburg.

Capbreton

Capbreton is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in the southwest of France.

Soustons

Soustons is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in the southwest of France.

Fayette County, Tennessee

Fayette County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 41,990 people lived there. The county seat is Somerville.

Fentress County, Tennessee

Fentress County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 18,489 people lived there. The county seat is Jamestown.

Grainger County, Tennessee

Grainger County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 23,527 people lived there. The county seat is Rutledge.

Hamblen County, Tennessee

Hamblen County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 64,499 people lived there. The county seat is Morristown.

Huntingdon, Tennessee

Huntingdon is a town in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Carroll County.

Ailey, Georgia

Ailey is a town in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Montgomery County.

Lansing, Illinois

Lansing is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Tawern

Tawern is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Dee Dee Myers

Margaret Jane "Dee Dee" Myers (born September 1, 1961) is an American political analyst. She was the 19th White House Press Secretary from January 20, 1993 until December 22, 1994 and was the first female press secretary.

Right-wing populism

Right-wing populism, sometimes called the dissident right, is a political ideology that uses populist rhetoric to promote right-wing politics, generally in the form of nationalism, libertarianism, social conservatism, or paleoconservatism. It generally does this by appealing to the working class and pitting them against the Establishment. Notable right-wing populists include Jair Bolsonaro, Tucker Carlson, Marine Le Pen, Conor McGregor, Javier Milei, Viktor Orbán, Vladimir Putin, Andrew Tate, and Donald Trump. 

In the United States, right-wing populism has become notable since the Tea Party movement formed during the Great Recession. It was adopted by Donald Trump to win the 2016 United States presidential election, and is currently being used to win the 2024 United States presidential election. 

Tuğçe San

Tuğçe San (born 24 December 1971, Izmir) is a Turkish singer, musician. She first became known with her song "Neredesin?" ("Where are you?") in 1996.



Russian desman

The Russian desman ("Desmana moschata") is a type of mammal in the family Talpidae. It is the largest type of mole. It is found in the Volga, Don and Ural River basins in Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan. It digs burrows into the banks of ponds and slow-moving streams. It prefers small, overgrown ponds with lots of insects, crayfish and amphibians. The Russian desman often lives in small groups of two to five of them that are usually not related.

Santa Claus, Arizona

Santa Claus (also known as Santa Claus Acres) is a ghost town in Mohave County, Arizona, United States.

Santa Claus was started in 1937, it lies about northwest of Kingman, Arizona, along U.S. Route 93 between mile markers 57 and 58, immediately north of Hermit Drive and just south of both Grasshopper Junction, Arizona, and the Junk Art of Chloride, a group of metal statues in Chloride, Arizona, that include a flamingo made out of a motorcycle gas tank. Characterized in 1988 as "a little roadside place on the west shoulder of U.S. Route 93," Santa Claus receives traffic from motorists driving between Phoenix, Arizona, and Las Vegas, Nevada, or Hoover Dam.

American shrew mole

The American shrew mole ("Neurotrichus gibbsii") is the smallest species of mole. It is the only living member of the genus "Neurotrichus" and the tribe Neurotrichini. It is also known as Gibb's shrew mole and least shrew mole.

Asian house shrew

The Asian house shrew ("Suncus murinus") is a type of shrew. It is native to South and Southeast Asia. It is the largest type of shrew. It is a least concern species. It has been introduced in several West Asian and East African countries. It is an invasive species.

The Asian house shrew is 100 mm and 150 mm long. An adult female weighs between 23.5 g and 82.0 g. An adult male weighs from 33.2 g to 147.3 g. It has short, dense fur. It is mid-grey to brownish-grey color.

The Asian house shrew is native to South and Southeast Asia. It was introduced to eastern Africa, Arabia, Madagascar, the Philippines and other islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.

It is found in forests, agricultural lands, and in places with lots of human activity. It is also found in many houses and businesses. It is mainly a terrestrial animal.

It is mainly an insectivore. It eats insects, mammals, plants and human food.

It very adaptable species. They are nocturnal. They are thought to mainly live by themselves.

They breed throughout the year. It gives birth to one to eight young ones. The gestation period is one month. It starts breeding when it is around one year old.

It helps to control the population of many pests. It is an invasive species. They compete with many types of plants and animals. It is also a pest. It can damage food and other materials found in homes and businesses.

Ildefons Cerdà

Ildefons Cerdà i Sunyer (23 December 1815 – 21 August 1876) was a Catalan-Spanish urban planner, civil engineer, politician. He developed new urban theories, including the extension plan of Barcelona 19th-century.


Desman

The desman is an insectivore in the mole family, the Talpidae. 

It is a diving insectivore. It is in the tribe Desmanini (and subfamily Desmaninae). The tribe has only two species in Eurasia. There is one in Russia and the other in the northwest of the Iberian peninsula and Pyrenees. Both species are vulnerable. 

Ayl

Ayl is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2019, 1,544 people lived there.


Hancock County, Tennessee

Hancock County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 6,662 people lived there. The county seat is Sneedville.

Metformin

Metformin is a drug used to treat patients having diabetes. There are 2 types of diabetes, type 1 and type 2 and metformin is only used to treat people having type 2 diabetes. Metformin come as a tablet and taken by mouth. It is the drug of choice to lower the blood sugar level when a person is first found to have diabetes.



Metformin is not used in patients having severe kidney disease.

Metformin was first produced from the French lilac or goat's rue ("Galega officinalis"). Its blood sugar-lowering property was first described in 1929 by Slotta and Tschesche. Metformin became available in Britain in 1958 and got approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for type 2 diabetes in 1994. Today, Metformin has become the world's most widely used medication to treat type 2 diabetes.

Hardeman County, Tennessee

Hardeman County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 25,462 people lived there. The county seat is Bolivar.

Hardin County, Tennessee

Hardin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 26,831 people lived there. The county seat is Savannah.

Henderson County, Tennessee

Henderson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 27,842 people lived there. The county seat is Lexington.

Henry County, Tennessee

Henry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 32,199 people lived there. The county seat is Paris.

Hickman County, Tennessee

Hickman County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 24,925 people lived there. The county seat is Centerville.

Clayton, Georgia

Clayton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Rabun County.

Ashburn, Georgia

Ashburn is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Turner County.

Cuthbert, Georgia

Cuthbert is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Randolph County.

Mountain mist frog

The mountain mist frog, Henrietta Creek tree frog or Nyakala frog ("Ranoidea nyakalensis") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland between 380 and 1020 metres above sea level.

This frog lives in and near streams where the water flowed so fast that it turned white. Scientists saw the adult frogs sitting on rocks or leaves near the streams.

The tadpoles live in the fast water. Scientists wrote that they had strong tails for swimming and bodies meant for the water to flow over them. Sometimes they would dig into the sand to hold on during floods. The tadpoles would spend the winter in mountain streams and grow into frogs in the spring.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Scientists last saw the adult frog and tadpoles in 1990. They saw them in the Carbine Tableland.

Scientists think pigs that escaped from humans might be one reason why the frog is endangered. The pigs rip up the streams where the frog would live. They also think the fungal disease chytridiomycosis might be killing these frogs. Scientists also thought habitat loss, human beings building roads and farms where the frog would live, was killing the frogs, but the Australian government protected the frogs' home in 1988.

Home Office

The Home Office (HO) is a ministerial department of the Government of the United Kingdom. It is responsible for immigration, security and law and order in the U.K. 

It is responsible for policing in England and Wales, fire and rescue services in England, visas and immigration and the Security Service (MI5). 

It is also in charge of government policy on security-related issues such as drugs, counter-terrorism and ID cards. The Cabinet minister responsible for the department is the Home Secretary, currently James Cleverly.

The Home Office, which is considered to be one of the Great Offices of State, is known, in official papers and in Parliament, as the Home Department.

Adèle Exarchopoulos

Adèle Exarchopoulos (born November 22, 1993) is a French actress. She is most well-known for playing Adèle in the drama movie "Blue is the Warmest Colour" (2013). She won the Palme d'Or award for this performance. She was the youngest person to win this award. For her acting in "Blue is the Warmest Colour", she also won the César Award for the Most Promising Actress, the Los Angeles Film Critic Award for Best Actress and Trophée Chopard Award for Female Revelation of the Year.

Exarchopoulos acted in the movies "Turk's Head" (2010), "The Round Up" (also 2010) and "I Used to be Darker" (2013).

Exarchopoulos was born in Paris, France.

Foreign Office

The Foreign Office is a department of the British Government. Its official name has changed from time to time, and at present it is the "Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office" (FCDO). Its head is known as the Foreign Secretary, and this is one of the four top posts in the British Cabinet.

The Foreign Office is responsible for protecting and promoting British interests worldwide. It was formed in 1782. In its present form it was created in 1968 by merging the Foreign Office and the Commonwealth Office (to FCO). Later on it merged with the Department for International Development.

The Foreign Office provides staff for embassies and other diplomatic stations throughout the world. It trains staff in foreign languages. At one time (a century ago) its staff ruled over a third of the world. The overseas British Empire recovered after the loss of the Thirteen Colonies in 1776, and reached its peak about 1920. Foreign policy made sure it was never seriously threatened. 

Campione d'Italia

Campione d'Italia is a "comune" in the Province of Como in Lombardy, Italy. As of 31 March 2019, 1,961 people lived there. Its area is 0.91 km². It is 273 meters above sea level.

It is an exclave surrounded by the Swiss canton of Ticino and is on the eastern shore of Lake Lugano.

Hispaniolan solenodon

The Hispaniolan solenodon ("Solenodon paradoxus") is a type of solenodon. It is only found on Hispaniola. It is also called the Haitian solenodon, or agouta.

The Hispaniolan solenodon looks like a shrew. Adults are 49 to 72 cm (19 to 28 in) in length. Its average weight is about 800 g (28 oz). The tail, legs, snout, and eyelids are do not have any hair.

The animal is only found on the Hispaniola. Their habitat is usually moist forests that are not disturbed by human activities. They are usually found below 1,000 m (3,300 ft). They are sometimes found at higher altitudes or near developed agricultural land.

Hispaniolan solenodons mainly eats arthropods. It also eats worms, snails, mice and small reptiles. It may also eat a small amount of fruit, grains, and leaf litter.

Hispaniolan solenodons are nocturnal. During the day, they stay in their burrows, in trees, caves, or hide. Their burrows may have lots of chambers and tunnels. Adult male and female usually live together with six young ones.

It breeds throughout the year. It has a gestation period of over 84 days. It gives birth to one to three young ones. Usually, if it gives birth to three only two will survive, because the female only has two teats. The young ones are born blind with no hair. The young ones weigh 40 to 55 g (1.4 to 1.9 oz). For two months, they are carried around by the mother. No one knows how long it takes for them to be weaned. They can live for over eleven years in captivity.

The Hispaniolan solenodon is an endangered species because of habitat loss and predation by introduced species. Its numbers have decreased during the last few decades.

The species is protected by law. However, national parks in both Haiti and the Dominican Republic are threatened by deforestation, using the land for farming and charcoal production. The US Agency for International Development and the Nature Conservancy are working with local nongovernmental organisations to make the protection for these parks better.

Dellach

Dellach () is a municipality of the district Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Gitschtal

Gitschtal () is a municipality of the district of Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Hermagor-Pressegger See

Hermagor-Pressegger See () is a town in the Austrian state of Carinthia. It is the capital of the Hermagor District.

Kirchbach, Carinthia

Kirchbach () is a market town in the district of Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Kötschach-Mauthen

Kötschach-Mauthen () is a market town in the district of Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Lesachtal

Lesachtal () is a municipality of the district of Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Sankt Stefan im Gailtal

Sankt Stefan im Gailtal () is a municipality of the district Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Ebenthal in Kärnten

Ebenthal in Kärnten () is a market town of the district Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Feistritz im Rosental

Feistritz im Rosental () is a market town of the district of Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

NGC 714

NGC 714 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Andromeda. It is about 190 million light-years away.

NGC 715

NGC 715 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 250 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Acquittal

An acquittal is a judgment or verdict that a person is not guilty of the crime with which they have been charged.

NGC 713

NGC 713 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 235 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 716

NGC 716 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Aries constellation. It is about 207 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 711

NGC 711 is a lenticular galaxy in the Aries constellation. It is about 223 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 712

NGC 712 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 244 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 710

NGC 710 is a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 280 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 718

NGC 718 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 80 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 719

NGC 719 is a lenticular galaxy in the Aries constellation. It is about 413 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 700

NGC 700 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 210 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 705

NGC 705 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 208 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Houston County, Tennessee

Houston County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 8,283 people lived there. The county seat is Erin.

NGC 701

NGC 701 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 83 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Conyers, Georgia

Conyers is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Rockdale County.

NGC 702

NGC 702 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 474 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 703

NGC 703 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 255 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 704

NGC 704 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 218 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Caseyville, Illinois

Caseyville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

2K (company)

2K is an American video game company based in Novato, California. It was founded on January 25, 2005.


Rita MacNeil

Rita MacNeil (May 28, 1944 – April 16, 2013) was a Canadian country and folk singer. MacNeil was from the community of Big Pond on Nova Scotia's Cape Breton Island. Her biggest hit, "Flying On Your Own", was a crossover Top 40 hit in 1987 and was covered by Anne Murray the next year.

In 1990, MacNeil was the bestselling country artist in Canada, selling more records than even Garth Brooks and Clint Black. She was also the only female singer ever to have three separate albums chart in the same year in Australia.

On April 16, 2013, MacNeil died in Sydney, Nova Scotia, from problems caused by surgery after a repeated infection. She was 68.

Atmosphere of Mercury

Mercury has a very weak atmosphere. Its atmosphere contains hydrogen, helium, oxygen, sodium, calcium, potassium and water vapor. It has a combined pressure level of about 10 bar (1 nPa). The elements may come from either the solar wind or from the planetary crust.

Mercury's atmosphere consists of different types of elements. These elements may come from the solar wind or from the planetary crust. The first elements discovered were atomic hydrogen, helium and atomic oxygen. They were observed by the ultraviolet radiation photometer of "Mariner 10" in 1974. The hydrogen and helium in Mercury's atmosphere are believed to come from the solar wind. Oxygen is believed to come from Mercury's crust.

The fourth element that was discovered in Mercury's exosphere was sodium. It was discovered in 1985 by Drew Potter and Tom Morgan. The fifth element that was discovered in Mercury's exosphere was potassium. It was discovered in 1986 by Drew Potter and Tom Morgan. In 1998, calcium was found in Mercury's atmosphere. Magnesium was discovered by "MESSENGER".

NGC 706

NGC 706 is a spiral galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 225 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 707

NGC 707 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 246 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Atmosphere of Venus

The atmosphere of Venus is the layer of gases that surrounds Venus. It is mainly composed of carbon dioxide. Its atmosphere is denser and hotter than the atmosphere of Earth. The temperature at the surface is 740 K (467 °C, 872 °F). The pressure is 93 bar (9.3 MPa). It is composed of carbon dioxide (96.5 %), nitrogen (3.5 %), sulfur dioxide (150 ppm), argon (70 ppm), water vapor (20 ppm), carbon monoxide (17 ppm), helium (12 ppm), hydrogen chloride (0.1–0.6 ppm) and hydrogen fluoride (0.001–0.005 ppm).

NGC 708

NGC 708 is an elliptical galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 223 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 709

NGC 709 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 166 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 535

NGC 535 is a lenticular galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 222 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Atmosphere of Uranus

The atmosphere of Uranus is mainly made up of hydrogen and helium. The lower atmosphere is made up of volatiles such as water, ammonia and methane. The upper atmosphere contains very few gases that are heavier than hydrogen and helium because the temperature of its atmosphere is low. Uranus's atmosphere is the coldest atmosphere of all the planets in the Solar system. Its temperature is as low as 49 K.

Any Wednesday

Any Wednesday is a 1966 American romantic comedy movie directed by first time director Robert Ellis Miller and starring Jane Fonda, Jason Robards, Dean Jones, Rosemary Murphy, Ann Prentiss. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was based on the play of the same name.


Atmosphere of Jupiter

The atmosphere of Jupiter is the largest planetary atmosphere in the Solar System. It is mostly made up of molecular hydrogen and helium. It is also made up of methane, ammonia, hydrogen sulfide, water, nitrogen, sulfur, and noble gases.

HD 189733 b

HD 189733 b is an exoplanet. It is approximately 64.5 light years away from the Solar System. It is a hot Jupiter. It was found in the constellation of Vulpecula. It was discovered orbiting the star HD 189733 on October 5, 2005. It has a mass 13% higher than that of Jupiter. HD 189733 b orbits HD 189733 once every 2.2 days. It has an orbital speed of 152.5 kilometres per second (341,000 mph).

NGC 534

NGC 534 is a lenticular galaxy in the Sculptor constellation. It is about 258 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

HD 209458 b

HD 209458 b is an exoplanet. It orbits HD 209458 in the constellation Pegasus. It is approximately 159 light years from the Solar System. A year on HD 209458 b is 3.5 Earth days. It has an estimated surface temperature of about 1,000 °C (about 1,800 °F). Its mass is 220 times that of Earth.

NGC 500

NGC 500 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 553 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 504

NGC 504 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 195 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 501

NGC 501 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 230 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 503

NGC 503 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 271 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Tau Boötis b

Tau Boötis b is an extrasolar planet. It is approximately 51 light years away. The temperature of Tau Boötis b is 1600 K.

It was discovered in 1996. It was one of the first extrasolar planets that was discovered. It was discovered orbiting the star Tau Boötis b by Paul Butler and his team. They used the radial velocity method to find the planet.

Tau Boötis b has a mass that is over four times the mass of Jupiter. One orbital revolution takes 3 days 7.5 hours.

Tiara Tahiti

Tiara Tahiti is a 1962 British comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Ted Kotcheff and based on the novel by Geoffrey Cotterell. It stars John Mills, James Mason, Herbert Lom, Rosenda Monteros, Claude Dauphin, Roy Kinnear.

Nephrotic syndrome

Nephrotic syndrome is the medical term used to describe a collection of signs and symptoms. They occur because of kidney damage. This is different from nephritic syndrome where there are red blood cells in urine, giving it a red colour appearance. 

Nephrotic syndrome is diagnosed by doctors based on the classical symptoms of oedema, proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia and hyperlipidaemia (which is explained below).


Causes can be divided into two as primary and secondary causes.

Primary causes are conditions developing within the kidney.


Secondary causes affect other body parts in addition to kidneys.


Treatment is with drugs that will reduce the damage to the kidneys. Prednisone, Cyclophosphamide, levamisole are some drugs used to treat nephrotic syndrome. 

In addition to that lack of albumin is treated by giving albumin from outside into a vein. Fluid retention is treated with drugs called "diuretics" which will remove excessive water collected in the body. The person is advised to consume salt, fat containing foods and fluids including water in low amounts.

Prognosis is the medical term for the likely outcome of a disease. Good prognosis means the person will have a good outcome with no organ damage and no long lasting effects due to the disease.

Nephrotic syndrome in children usually has a good prognosis. However in children less than 5 years old and in adults over 30 years the prognosis is usually not good and can lead to permanent kidney damage. In these groups the disease will reappear after some time and need continuous drug treatment to keep the disease under control.

HAT-P-11b

HAT-P-11b is an extrasolar planet. It is also called Kepler-3b. It orbits the star HAT-P-11. It was discovered by the HATNet Project team in 2009 using the transit method.

It orbits about 0.0534 AU (7,990,000 km) away from its star. It is a hot Neptunes.

XO-1b

XO-1b is an extrasolar planet. It is approximately 536 light years away. It was discovered in 2006 by the XO Project which is an international team of professional and amateur astronomers. They used the transit method to find XO-1b. It a little bit larger than Jupiter. It is a hot Jupiter. The Hubble Space Telescope found water in the atmosphere of the XO-1b.

WASP-17b

WASP-17b is an exoplanet. It is found in the constellation Scorpius. It orbits the star WASP-17. Its discovery was announced on 11 August 2009. It is the first planet that was discovered to have a retrograde orbit. On 3 December 2013, scientists working with the Hubble Space Telescope found water in the atmosphere of WASP-17b.

NGC 502

NGC 502 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 117 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 505

NGC 505 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 252 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Western water-holding frog

The western water-holding frog is a frog from Australia. Scientists are not sure whether it should be called "Ranoidea occidentalis" or "Cyclorana occidentalis". It lives in Western Australia.

The adult male frog is 6.0 cm long and the adult female frog is 7.0 cm long. It has a flat body. The frog lives in places where the ground is dry. It has webbed feet and spends much of its time in the water. Because it has such a wide head, scientist think this frog eats other frogs. They think it eats them when they come to lay eggs in the same temporary bodies of water where the western water-holding frog lays its eggs.

This frog has young when it rains. The female lays eggs in bodies of water that dry up quickly, 500 at a time.

The tadpoles are 8.0 cm long. Once they become young frogs, they are 3.5 cm long.

WASP-19b

WASP-19b is an extrasolar planet. It has one of the shortest orbital periods of any known planet. Its orbital period is approximately 18.932 hours. It is much 1.31 times larger than Jupiter. It orbits the star WASP-19 in the Vela constellation. In December 2013, scientists working with the Hubble Space Telescope found water in the atmosphere of the WASP-19b.

NGC 508

NGC 508 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 253 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 507

NGC 507 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 227 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 509

NGC 509 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 105 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 720

NGC 720 is an elliptical galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 78 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Stellar atmosphere

The stellar atmosphere is the outer region of a star. It is found above the convection zone.

The stellar atmosphere is divided into several layers:

Tomás de Torquemada

Tomás de Torquemada (October 14, 1420 – September 16, 1498), also written in English as Thomas of Torquemada, was a Castilian Dominican friar. He was the first Grand Inquisitor in the Spanish Inquisition. The Inquisition made thousands of Jews and Muslims leave Spain and burned many of them to death.

The Wayward Bus (movie)

The Wayward Bus is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Victor Vicas and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by John Steinbeck. It stars Joan Collins, Jayne Mansfield, Dan Dailey, Rick Jason and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Moon Over Miami (movie)

Moon Over Miami is a 1941 American musical comedy movie directed by Walter Lang and starring Betty Grable, Don Ameche, Robert Cummings, Carole Landis, Jack Haley, Charlotte Greenwood. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

NGC 721

NGC 721 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 256 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 722

NGC 722 is a spiral galaxy in the Aries constellation. It is about 223 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Spearmint

Spearmint is a type of mint. It is also called garden mint, common mint, lamb mint and mackerel mint. It is native to Europe and southern Asia. It is naturalized in northern and southern Africa, North America and South America. It is used as a flavouring in food and herbal teas.

The species and subspecies have many synonyms.

Burgos, Spain

Burgos is a Spanish city in the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is the capital of the province of Burgos.

<br>

Menthol

Menthol is an organic compound. It is derived from the oils of corn mint, peppermint, or other mints. It can also be made artificially. It is a waxy, crystalline substance. It is white in color. It is a solid at room temperature. It melts at a temperature that is a little bit higher than room temperature.

Menthol has local anaesthetic qualities, and reduces irritation of the throat.

Mentha arvensis is the main type of mint used to make natural menthol crystals. It is mainly grown in the Uttar Pradesh region in India.

Natural menthol is made by freezing peppermint oil and separating methanol from the frozen the peppermint oil by filtration.

It is used as an antipruritic to reduce itching. It is used to relieve muscle cramps, sprains and headaches. It is used in some medicines to treat sunburns. It is used as a pesticide against tracheal mites. In organic chemistry, menthol is used as a chiral auxiliary in asymmetric synthesis.

2020 Brazil wildfires

The 2020 Brazil wildfires were a group of wildfires that began burning Brazil's rainforests in June and continued into September. More than 12% of all the plants in the Pantanal rainforest had burned by August.

In June, Brazil's National Institute for Space Research (INPE) said its satellites had taken pictures of 2,248 fires. In June 2019, there had been 1,880 fires.

It is normal for there to be some fires in the rainforest. Some are caused by lightning. But experts say most of the 2020 wildfires were set by humans. Satellite photos of the new fires show most of them started along roads leading into land belonging to indigenous peoples who live in Brazil.

Environmental scientists say that a time with very dry weather made the fires worse. In 2020, Brazil saw its worst drought in 50 years. Other experts say the COVID-19 pandemic also made the fires worse because government agencies were too busy to fight the fires.

Firefighter Alexandre Pereira who works in Mato Grosso do Sur said over 95% of the fires in his state had been started by people.

Environmentalist Carlos Rittl from Germany's Institute for Advanced Sustainability Studies blamed Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, who encouraged people to start fires. He also weakened IBAMA, Brazil's environmental agency, so it could not fight fires or punish people who started fires.

Bolsonaro said the indigenous peoples started the fires, but photographs taken from craft orbiting the Earth show that the fires did not start on indigenous land. Bolsonaro has said he wants people to be able to start farms and mines on land that the law says belongs to the indigenous Brazilians.

These fires are bad for the indigenous people in Brazil because they burn up the food that they would eat. The smoke from fires in some areas is flowing into other areas, harming people's health.


Ferlach

Ferlach () is a town of the district of Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Grafenstein

Grafenstein () is a market town of the district Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Keutschach am See

Keutschach am See () is a municipality of the district Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Camphor

Camphor is a waxy, flammable, transparent solid. It has a strong smell. It is a terpenoid. Its chemical formula is CHO. It is found in the wood of the camphor laurel ("Cinnamomum camphora"). Camphor can also be artificially made from the oil of turpentine.

Asian Rowing Championships

The Asian Rowing Championship is a rowing championship organised by the Asian Rowing Federation for competitors from the Asian countries.

Para events from 2015.

from 2004.

2017, 2018, 2019, 2020.

2019, 2020.

from 2010.



European Rowing Championships

The European Rowing Championships is an international Rowing regatta organised by FISA (the International Rowing Federation) for European rowing nations.


Sensillum

A sensillum is an arthropod sensory organ. It sticks out from the cuticle of the exoskeleton. It is sometimes found within or under the cuticle. Inside each sensillum there are two to three sensory neurons.

Antennal lobe

The antennal lobe is the main part of the brain of an insect that controls the olfactory sense. The antennal lobe is a sphere-shaped deutocerebral neuropil in the brain. It receives information from the olfactory sensory neurons in the antennae and mouthparts.

2015 Asian Rowing Championships

The 2015 Asian Rowing Championships were the 16th Asian Rowing Championships and took place from September 24–28, 2015, in Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park, Beijing, China.


2016 Asian Rowing Championships

The 2016 Asian Rowing Championships were the 17th Asian Rowing Championships and took place from September 9–13, 2016, in Fenhu Water Sports Center, Jiashan, China.


2017 Asian Rowing Championships

The 2017 Asian Rowing Championships were the 18th Asian Rowing Championships and took place from September 4–8, 2017, in Klong Phai Water Sport Training Centre, Pattaya, Thailand.


2019 Asian Rowing Championships

The 2019 Asian Rowing Championships were the 19th Asian Rowing Championships and took place from October 23–27, 2019, in Tangeum Lake International Rowing Regatta, Chungju, South Korea.


Clarendon Hills, Illinois

Clarendon Hills is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Perfumer

A perfumer is an expert on making perfumes. A perfumer must know lots of different fragrance ingredients and their smells. A perfumer must be able to know the kind of ingredients whether they are alone or mixed together with other fragrances.

Itasca, Illinois

Itasca is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is close to O'Hare International Airport.

Lemont, Illinois

Lemont is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Wayne, Illinois

Wayne is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Westmont, Illinois

Westmont is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Willow Springs, Illinois

Willow Springs is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Humphreys County, Tennessee

Humphreys County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 18,990 people lived there. The county seat is Waverly.

Flavorist

A flavorist is someone who uses chemistry to make artificial and natural flavors. They are also called a flavor chemist. Flavorists try to mimic or change the smell and taste of food.

Pottery Cottage murders

The Pottery Cottage murders happened in Eastmoor, Chesterfield in January 1977. William Thomas Hughes escaped from police whilst being moved from prison to court where he was facing charges of rape and assault. He stabbed two prison officers during his escape and then took five members of a local family hostage. Only one person from this family survived. 

Police shot Hughes dead after he had killed four members of the family. He was the first person to be shot dead by the Derbyshire Constabulary.

Olfactory receptor

Olfactory receptors are receptors found in the cell membranes of olfactory receptor neurons. They are responsible for detecting odorants. Olfactory receptors activates nerve impulses which send information about odor to the brain. These receptors are members of the class A rhodopsin-like which is family of G protein-coupled receptors.

Law of multiple proportions

The law of multiple proportions states that when two chemical elements combine with each other to form more than one compound, the weights of one element that combine with a fixed weight of the other are in a ratio of small whole numbers. It was first described by John Dalton.

Simon Boyle

Sir Simon Hugh Patrick Boyle, KCVO, JP, DL (22 March 1941 – 4 September 2020) was a British business executive and politician. He was Lord Lieutenant of Gwent from 2001 to 2016.

He died on 4 September 2020 at the age of 79.

Anita Lindblom

Anita Lindblom (14 December 1937 – 6 September 2020) was a Swedish actress and singer. She appeared in thirteen movies between 1957 and 1974. Lindblom also recorded music. Her single "Sånt är livet" (a cover of Roy Hamilton's "You Can Have Her") was a Norwegian #1 in 1962.

Her best known movies were in "Mannequin in Red" (1958), "Sailors" (1964) and "A Swedish Love Story" (1970). He was born in Gävle, Sweden.

Lindblom died on 6 September 2020 in Paris, aged 82.

Chhetan Gurung

Chhetan Gurung (Nepali: छेतन गुरुङ; 5 February 19799 September 2020) was a Nepalese movie director and writer. He was known for his work in Nepali cinema. He has written scripts for Nepali movies including "November Rain" (2014), "Classic" (2016), "A Mero Hajur 3" (2019), and "Prem Geet 3". 

Gurung died of liver disease on 9 September 2020 in Kathmandu, Nepal at the age of 41.

Terry Buckle

Terrence Owen Buckle (24 August 1940 – 10 September 2020) was a Canadian Anglican bishop. He was Archbishop of Yukon from 1995 to 2010 and Metropolitan of British Columbia and Yukon from 2005 until 2010, in the Anglican Church of Canada. He was born in Ontario.

Buckle died on 10 September 2020 in Whitehorse, Yukon from cancer at the age of 80.

Marine mammal

Marine mammals are mammals that depend on the ocean and other marine ecosystems to live. They include animals such as seals, whales, manatees, sea otters and polar bears.

Cetaceans are fully aquatic. Seals and sea-lions are semiaquatic. They spend the most of their time in the water but need to return to land to mate, breed and molt. Some marine mammals eat zooplankton, others eat fish, squid, shellfish, or sea grass, and a few eat other mammals.

Grant Larson

Grant Larson (June 2, 1933 – September 11, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Wyoming Senate of the 17th district from 1995 to 2011. He was born in Provo, Utah. 

Larson died on September 11, 2020 in Jackson, Wyoming at age 87.

Council Julian Dunbar Jr.

Council Julian Dunbar Jr. (August 4, 1922 – September 14, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1971 to 1972, representing Allendale County, South Carolina. He was an insurance agent. Dunbar Jr. was born in Martin, South Carolina.

Dunbar Jr. died on September 14, 2020 at the age of 98.

Martin, South Carolina

Martin is an unincorporated community in northwestern Allendale County, South Carolina, United States. It lies along SC 125 northwest of the town of Allendale, the county seat of Allendale County. 

Jeff Dunne

Jeffrey "Jeff" Dunne (14 May 1956 – 14 September 2020) was an Australian rules footballer. He played 102 games for St Kilda and Richmond in the top tier Victorian Football League during the 1970s and 1980s. He played for St Kilda from 1977 to 1983.

He went on to coach East Launceston and North Launceston in the Tasmanian Football league in the mid 1980s.

Dunne died of a heart attack on 14 September 2020, aged 64.


Cave-In-Rock, Illinois

Cave-In-Rock is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Nijisanji

Managed by ANYCOLOR Inc. (formerly known as Ichikara Inc. until May 16, 2021), NIJISANJI started in Japan in February 2018 as one of the first major VTuber agencies. Their focus on livestreams set its members apart from other early VTubers, such as Kizuna AI or Kaguya Luna, who primarily made prerecorded videos. This, as well as the use of Live2D over expensive 3D, led to NIJISANJI's success in the Japanese market and codified the current VTuber format of Live2D streaming.

Since 2019, NIJISANJI has also expanded to international markets such as China, Indonesia, South Korea, and English-speaking countries. As of March 2022, there are a total of 211 members across five different branches: 110 Japanese NIJISANJI members, 19 NIJISANJI ID members, 15 NIJISANJI KR members, 20 NIJISANJI EN members, and 47 members of VirtuaReal, a joint venture Chinese branch between Bilibili and ANYCOLOR. There are also 5 VirtuaReal Star and 20 VirtuaReal Link members, but these are independent VTubers partnered with VirtuaReal rather than true VirtuaReal members.


Cedar Point, Illinois

Cedar Point is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Central City, Illinois

Central City is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Floyd Vrtiska

Floyd Vrtiska (October 12, 1926 – September 15, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was in the Nebraska Legislature from the 1st district from 1993 to 2005. He was born in Table Rock, Nebraska.

Vrtiska died on September 15, 2020 in Lincoln, Nebraska at age of 93.

Table Rock, Nebraska

Table Rock is a village in Pawnee County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 233 at the 2020 census.

Donalsonville, Georgia

Donalsonville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Seminole County.

Pawnee City, Nebraska

Pawnee City is a city and county seat of Pawnee County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 865 at the 2020 census.

Crawfordville, Georgia

Crawfordville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Taliaferro County.

Willowbrook, DuPage County, Illinois

Willowbrook is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Winfield, Illinois

Winfield is a village in Illinois in the United States.

New Boston, Texas

New Boston is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Body of water

A body of water or waterbody is any collection of water on a planet's surface. A body of water can be still (like a lake) or moving (like a river).

Hassan Achour

Hassan Louahid nicknamed Achour (14 March 1938 – 17 September 2020) was an Algerian international footballer and manager. He was born in Sétif, Algeria. He had 16 caps for the Algeria national team between 1965 to 1969.

Achour died on 17 September 2020 in Algiers at the age of 82.

Joachim Kunert

Joachim Kunert (24 September 1929 – 18 September 2020) was a German movie director and screenwriter. He directed more than 20 movies between 1954 and 1989. His 1965 movie "The Adventures of Werner Holt" was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival. He was born in Berlin.

Kunert died on 18 September 2020 at the age of 90.

Sam McBratney

Samuel (Sam) McBratney (1 March 1943 – 18 September 2020) was a Northern Irish writer. He wrote more than fifty books for children and young adults. He was best known as the author of the best-selling children's book "Guess How Much I Love You". He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.

McBratney died on 18 September 2020 in County Antrim, Northern Ireland at the age of 77.

Carbonic acid

Carbonic acid is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HCO. Carbonic acid is a weak acid. It forms two kinds of salts: the carbonates and the bicarbonates. In geology, carbonic acid causes limestone to dissolve, making calcium bicarbonate.

J. Delano Ellis

Jesse Delano Ellis II, known as J. Delano Ellis, (December 11, 1944 – September 19, 2020) was a leader in African American Pentecostalism in the United States. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

He was the founding president/chairman and Archbishop Metropolitan of the Joint College of Bishops. Ellis also created and was presiding prelate of the Apostolic/Oneness United Pentecostal Churches of Christ (today the United Covenant Churches of Christ) and Pentecostal Churches of Christ. 

He was the senior pastor of the Pentecostal Church of Christ in Cleveland, Ohio, a ministry to which he was called on May 14, 1989.

Ellis died on September 19, 2020 in Cleveland at the age of 75.

Donald M. Kendall

Donald Mcintosh "Don" Kendall (March 16, 1921 – September 19, 2020) was an American businessman and political adviser. He was CEO of Pepsi Cola and as CEO of PepsiCo from 1971 to 1986. Kendall was born in Sequim, Washington.

Kendall died on September 19, 2020 in Greenwich, Connecticut at the age of 99.

Roaring Forties

The Roaring Forties are strong westerly winds. It is found in the Southern hemisphere. It is found between the latitudes of 40 and 50 degrees.

Sequim, Washington

Sequim is a city in Clallam County, Washington, United States. The 2010 census counted a population of 6,606. Sequim is located along the Dungeness River near the base of the Olympic Mountains. 

Al Langlois

Joseph Albert Oliver "Junior" Langlois (November 6, 1934 – September 19, 2020) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. Langlois started his National Hockey League career with the Montreal Canadiens in 1958 and ended in 1966 with the Boston Bruins. He also played with the New York Rangers and Detroit Red Wings. 

Langlois won three Stanley Cups with Montreal, in 1958, 1959 and 1960. He was born in Magog, Quebec.

Langlois died on September 19, 2020 in California, aged 85.


Magog, Quebec

Magog (; ) is a city in southeastern Quebec, Canada, about east of Montreal.

Michael Chapman (cinematographer)

Michael Crawford Chapman, A.S.C. (November 21, 1935 – September 20, 2020) was an American cinematographer and movie director. He was known for his works with Martin Scorsese and Ivan Reitman. Chapman was born in New York City. His best known works was in "Taxi Driver", "Raging Bull", "Space Jam" and in "The Fugitive".

Chapman died from congestive heart failure on September 20, 2020, at his home in Los Angeles, aged 84.

Joe Pytka

Joe Pytka (born November 4, 1938) is an American movie and music video director. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He holds the record for the most nominations for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Commercials. He directed many music videos of Michael Jackson and directed "Space Jam".

The Fugitive (1993 movie)

The Fugitive is a 1993 American action thriller movie based on the 1960s television series of the same name created by Roy Huggins. The movie was directed by Andrew Davis and stars Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones, with supporting roles by Sela Ward, Joe Pantoliano, Andreas Katsulas, and Jeroen Krabbé.

"The Fugitive" premiered in the United States on August 6, 1993.

It was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture; Jones won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.

Robert Graetz

Robert Sylvester Graetz Jr. (May 16, 1928 – September 20, 2020) was an American Lutheran clergyman. He was the white pastor of a black congregation in Montgomery, Alabama. He openly supported the Montgomery bus boycott and became a well known activist during the civil rights movement.

Graetz died from Parkinson's disease at his home in Montgomery, Alabama on September 20, 2020 at the age of 92.

Clarksburg, West Virginia

Clarksburg is a city in and the county seat of Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. The population of the city was 16,061 at the 2020 census.

Richard A. Clarke

Richard Alan Clarke (born October 27, 1950) is an American former government official. He was National Coordinator for Security, Infrastructure Protection, and counter-terrorism for the United States between 1998 and 2003.

Clarke worked for the State Department during the presidency of Ronald Reagan. 

In 1992, President George H. W. Bush appointed him to chair the Counter-terrorism Security Group and to a seat on the United States National Security Council. 

President Bill Clinton kept Clarke and in 1998 promoted him to be the National Coordinator for Security, Infrastructure Protection, and Counter-terrorism, the chief counter-terrorism adviser on the National Security Council. 

Under President George W. Bush, Clarke initially continued in the same position but no longer had Cabinet-level access. He later was appointed as the Special Advisor to the President on cybersecurity. 

Clarke left the Bush administration in 2003 after criticizing him over invading Iraq after the September 11 attacks.

The Two Noble Kinsmen

The Two Noble Kinsmen is a Jacobean tragic comedy. It was first published in 1634 by William Shakespeare. Its plot comes from "The Knight's Tale" in Geoffrey Chaucer's "The Canterbury Tales".

This play is believed to have been William Shakespeare's final play before he retired to Stratford-Upon-Avon and died three years later.

Cle Elum, Washington

Cle Elum is a city in Kittitas County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,872 at the 2010 census. About by car from Seattle.

Lake City, South Carolina

Lake City is a city in Florence County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 5,903 at the 2020 census.

ZeniMax Media

ZeniMax Media Inc. is an American video game holding company based in Rockville, Maryland, and founded in 1999.

The company owns id Software (developer of the "Doom", "Quake" and "Rage" series), Arkane Studios (developer of "Dishonored" and "Prey"), MachineGames (developer of the "Wolfenstein" series), Tango Gameworks (developer of "The Evil Within"), publisher Bethesda Softworks with its Bethesda Game Studios (developer of "The Elder Scrolls" and "Fallout" series) and ZeniMax Online Studios (developer of "The Elder Scrolls Online").

On September 21, 2020, Microsoft announced they entered into an agreement to buy ZeniMax Media and all its subsidiaries for $7.5 billion.

Rosa María Ortiz Ríos

Rosa María Ortiz Ríos (9 September 1955 – 20 September 2020) was a Peruvian lawyer and politician. She was Minister of Energy and Mines between 17 February 2015 until 28 July 2018 during the Ollanta Humala presidency. Ortiz Ríos was born in Lima, Peru.

Ortiz Ríos died on 20 September 2020 in Lima at the age of 65.

Garland F. Pinholster

Garland Folsom Pinholster (February 19, 1928 – September 20, 2020) was an American athletic director as well as college basketball, baseball, and tennis coach. He was elected to the Oglethorpe Athletic Hall of Fame in its inaugural year of 1962. He coached Oglethorpe University's basketball team between 1956 to 1966. From 1948 to 1950, he played for North Georgia Nighthawks. Pinholster was born in Clyattville, Georgia.

Pinholster was in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1990 to 2002 and was a Republican.

Pinholster died on September 20, 2020 in Ball Ground, Georgia at the age of 92.

Mary Pruitt

Mary Pruitt (February 3, 1934 – September 20, 2020) was an American politician. She was born in Brentwood, Tennessee. Pruitt was a member of the Democratic Party. Between 1985 to 2013, she was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives.

Pruitt died on September 20, 2020 at a Nashville, Tennessee hospital from a blood clot caused by a fall, aged 86.

Moshe Sharoni

Moshe Sharoni (, 1929 – 20 September 2020) was a Romanian-born Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009. He was head of the breakaway faction, Justice for the Elderly. Sharoni was born in Buhuși, Romania.

Sharoni died on 20 September 2020 at the age of 91.

Gerardo Vera

Gerardo Vera Perales (10 March 194720 September 2020) was a Spanish costume and set designer, opera director, actor, and movie and theatre director. He was born in Madrid. Vera was known for his works in "La Celestina" (1994) and in "Second Skin" (2000). He won a Goya Award in 1986.

Vera died on 20 September 2020 in Madrid from COVID-19, aged 73.


Clyattville, Georgia

Clyattville is an unincorporated community in Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. It was created in the 1840s.

Ball Ground, Georgia

Ball Ground is a city in Cherokee County, Georgia, United States. The 2020 census shows the city had a population of 2,560.

Hytale

Hytale is an upcoming sandbox video game by Hypixel Studios. Creation of the game began in 2015 by "Minecraft" server Hypixel developers with help from Riot Games. Hypixel plans to be release Hytale for PC, consoles, and mobile devices as early as 2023.

Vitória S.C.

Vitória Sport Clube, popularly known as Vitória de Guimarães, is a Portuguese professional club based in that competes in the , the top-flight of .

Vitória de Guimarães have finished third in the on four occasions, most recently in . They have won one () and one (), while also being runners-up of the former on six occasions.

The club have competed regularly in European competitions, where their best finish was the quarter-finals of the .

Jaime Alves

Jaime Alves Magalhães (28 March 1965 – 21 September 2020), known as Alves, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder. He was born in Espinho, Portugal. He made 135 appearances for Boavista F.C. between 1985 to 1991 and another 85 between 1992 to 1998. He also played for the Portugal national football team between 1988 to 1989.

Alves died on 21 September 2020, aged 55.

Triple Cross (1966 movie)

Triple Cross is a 1966 British French German World War II action movie directed by Terence Young and was based on the 1953 novel by Eddie Chapman. It stars Christopher Plummer, Romy Schneider, Trevor Howard, Yul Brynner, Claudine Auger, Harry Meyen, Gert Fröbe and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Project X (1968 movie)

Project X is a 1968 American science fiction movie directed by William Castle and was based on the novels by L. P. Davies. It stars Christopher George, Greta Baldwin, Henry Jones, Harold Gould, Monte Markham, Phillip Pine, Lee Delano and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Theotonius Amal Ganguly

Theotonious Amal Ganguly, CSC, (18 February 1920–2 September 1977) was a catholic priest and educator. He was the second Archbishop of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dhaka.

Ganguly was born on 18 February 1920 at Hashnabad in Dhaka. He was the second of the three children of Nicholas Komol and Romana Komola Ganguly.

Ganguly competed his secondary education from Holy Cross High School in Bandura. Then he moved to Ranchi and attended St. Albert’s Seminary. He was ordained a diocesan priest on 6 June 1946. In 1947, Ganguly was sent to Indiana for higher education. He earned a Ph.D. from University of Notre Dame in 1951.

Ganguly started his career as a professor of logic and English at Notre Dame College. He was made the college's director of studies in 1954. In 1958, he was appointed vice principal of the college. After James L. Martin died suddenly in 1960, Ganguly succeeded him as the principal.

In 1960, Ganguly was consecrated a bishop and Titular Bishop of Oliva as well as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Dhaka. Five years later he was appointed Titular Archbishop of Drizipara and the Coadjutor Archbishop of Dhaka. In November 1967, he became the Metropolitan Archbishop of Dhaka.

Hamdi Benani

Hamdi Benani (; 1 January 1943 – 21 September 2020) was an Algerian singer and musician.

He was known for his 1963 song "Ya Bahi El Djamel", which drove him to pursue a career in singing and violin. He brought new life to the Malouf genre of music with the tracks "Mahbounati" and "Adala Ya Adala", which earned him great public success. This helped him be noticed by senior members of the Malouf singing community, such as Hassen El Annabi, Mohamed Tahar Fergani, and Abdelmoumène Bentobal.

Benani was nicknamed "l’ange blanc" (The White Angel) because he was always seen in a white suit with his white violin.

Benani was born in Annaba.

Benani died of COVID-19 in Annaba on 21 September 2020 at the age of 77.

Virginio Bettini

Virginio Bettini (29 June 1942 – 21 September 2020) was an Italian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1989 to 1994. He was a member of the Green Italy.

Bettini died on 21 September 2020, aged 72.

Giuseppe Caldarola

Giuseppe Caldarola (9 April 1946 – 21 September 2020) was an Italian journalist and politician. He was a Deputy from 2001 to 2008. He was born in Bari, Italy. He was a member of the Democrats of the Left.

Caldarola died in Rome on 21 September 2020 at the age of 74.

Water extraction

Water extraction is the process of taking water from any body of water. It either taken temporarily or permanently. It can be used to control floods or to get water for other uses. The water could also be used as drinking water after it is treated.

KRL Commuterline

KRL Commuter Line is an Public transport operated on Jakarta.


Ron Cobb

Ronald Ray Cobb (September 21, 1937 – September 21, 2020) was an American-Australian cartoonist, artist, and movie designer. Cobb was born in Los Angeles, California. 

He worked on many movies such as "Dark Star" (1974), "Star Wars" (1977), "Alien" (1979), "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981), "Conan the Barbarian" (1982), "Back to the Future" (1985), "The Abyss" (1989), and "Total Recall" (1990). 

In his 18, Ronald was working as an artist for Disney Studios in Burbank, California. He became a breakdown artist on the "Sleeping Beauty" (1959). After his completing "Sleeping Beauty" in 1957, Disney laid Cobb off. After that he worked as a mail carrier, assembler in a door factory and served in army.

In 1969 Ronald designed the Ecology symbol, which then turned into the Ecology Flag.

Cobb died on September 21, 2020 in Sydney from Lewy body dementia on his 83rd birthday.

Roy Head

Roy Kent Head (January 9, 1941 – September 21, 2020) was an rockabilly American singer-songwriter. He was best known for his hit record "Treat Her Right". He was born in Three Rivers, Texas. 

Head died on September 21, 2020 from a heart attack in Montgomery County, Texas at the age of 79.

Three Rivers, Texas

Three Rivers is a city in Live Oak County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,474 at the 2020 census.

Lars-Åke Lagrell

Lars-Åke Lagrell (20 January 1940 – 21 September 2020) was a Swedish sports personality. He was born near Växjö, Sweden. He was the president of the Swedish Football Association between 1991 and 2012. 

In 2002 Prime Minister of Sweden Göran Persson appointed him Governor of Kronoberg County. He left the office in 2006. 

Lagrell died on 21 September 2020 at the age of 80.

Amos Lin

Amos Lin (2 July 1933 – 21 September 2020) was an Israeli basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

Lin died on 21 September 2020 at the age of 87.

Ecohydrology

Ecohydrology is the scientific study of how water interacts with ecological systems. It is a subdiscipline of hydrology, that focuses on the ecology. These interactions may happen in a water bodies, such as rivers and lakes, or on land, in forests, deserts, and other terrestrial ecosystems. Areas of research in ecohydrology include transpiration, how plants use water, adaptation of organisms to their environment in the water, effects of vegetation and benthic plants on smoving water, and interactions between ecological processes and the hydrological cycle.

Chungju

Chungju () is a city in North Chungcheong province, South Korea. Uamsan is a mountain located within the outskirts of the city.

The city is famous for the annual martial arts festival held in October. Also of note, former UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon grew up here.

Chungju Dam is the country's biggest multi-purpose dam that links together Chungju and its neighborhoods. It creates a manmade lake with a vast body of water. Woraksan Mt and Songnae valley are located nearby. Additionally, this area has cherished cave area/springs.


Gilbert Meyer

Gilbert Meyer (26 December 1941 – 21 September 2020) was a French politician. He was a deputy in the National Assembly from 1993 to 2007. He was the Mayor of Colmar from 1995 to 4 July 2020.

He was a member of the Rally for the Republic (RPR) and Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). Meyer was born in Dessenheim, France.

Meyer died on 21 September 2020 from a stroke caused by glioblastoma in Colmar at the age of 78.

Bioprecipitation

Bioprecipitation is a theory about rain-making bacteria. It was proposed by David Sands from Montana State University in 1982. They believe that biological ice nuclei have the ability to catalyze freezing at warmer temperatures. New research shows that bacteria may be found in clouds as a way spread their spores.

Harold Moss

Harold Moss (October 1, 1929 – September 21, 2020) was an American politician and businessman. He was the 34th mayor of Tacoma, Washington. He was the first African American member of the city's council. 

Moss died on September, 21, 2020 at the age of 90 in Tacoma, Washington.

Bob Nevin

Robert Frank Nevin (March 18, 1938 – September 21, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right wing. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) between 1957–58 and 1975–76. He was born in Timmins, Ontario.

He was known for playing with Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers, Minnesota North Stars, Los Angeles Kings and Edmonton Oilers.

Nevin died on September 21, 2020 at the age of 82.

Supersolid

In condensed matter physics, a supersolid is a solid material with superfluid properties. A supersolid is a special state of matter where particles form a solid, but also flow with zero viscosity.

String-net liquid

In condensed matter physics, a string-net is a special state of matter. Its behavior was proposed by Michael A. Levin and Xiao-Gang Wen.

Ang Rita Sherpa

Ang Rita Sherpa (; 194821 September 2020) was a Nepali mountaineer. He climbed Mount Everest ten times without the use of supplemental oxygen between 1983 and 1996. 

His sixth climb set the world record for the most successful ascents of Mount Everest, which he re-set on his tenth climb. He was also the first, and to date only, person to climb Mount Everest without supplementary oxygen in winter. He was nicknamed the "Snow Leopard" by his peers.

Sherpa died on 21 September 2020 from a stroke at the age of 72.

Bob Atkins (American football)

Robert Lee Atkins, Jr. (April 2, 1946 – September 22, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a defensive back in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1968 to 1969 and for the Houston Oilers from 1970 to 1976. Atkins was born in Modesto, California.

Atkins died on September 22, 2020 at the age of 74.


Aquincum

Aquincum () was an ancient city, situated on the North East of Pannonia in Roman Empire. The ruins of the city can be found today in Budapest, the capital of Hungary. It is believed that Marcus Aurelius lived there some time. Aquincum was settled by a Celtic tribe and was a military base at that time (1 century AD). After AD 106, Aquincum became the capital city of the Pannon province.

In the middle of the 4th century, Aquincum often experienced Sarmatian attacks from the north. The city was destroyed by 350 AD. Germans and Attila the Hun invaded the region during 409 AD.

Many historic artifacts have been collected in the local Aquincum Museum which was opened in 1894. There is a historical reproduction of the hydraulic system in museum. There are also the ruins of the Roman era aqueduct in the city. 

Michael Gwisdek

Michael Gwisdek (14 January 1942 – 22 September 2020) was a German actor and movie director. He was born in Berlin. His first movie was "Treffen in Travers" (1988). He was also known for his works "The Big Mambo" (1998) and "Nightshapes" (1999).

Gwisdek died on 22 September 2020, aged 78.

Sergey Khoruzhiy

Sergey Khoruzhiy (5 October 1941 – 22 September 2020) was a Russian physicist, mathematician, philosopher, and theologian.

Khoruzhiy became a member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences in 1993. He was a professor at the Institute of Philosophy, Russian Academy of Sciences. He also was a professor in the Department of Comparative Study of Religious Traditions at UNESCO, and directed the Institute of Synergistic Anthropology, beginning in 2005. 

Khoruzhiy died on 22 September 2020, aged 78.

Frie Leysen

Frie Leysen (19 February 1950 – 22 September 2020) was a Belgian festival director. She was director of the art centre deSingel from 1980 until 1991. In 1994, she co-founded the Kunstenfestivaldesarts in Brussels.

Leysen died on 22 September 2020 aged 70.

Dan Olweus

Dan Olweus (April 18, 1931 – September 2020) was a Swedish-Norwegian psychologist. He was a research professor of psychology at the University of Bergen, Norway. Olweus was known as a pioneer of research on bullying. He was born in Nässjö, Sweden.

Olweus died in September 2020 at the age of 89.

Road Warrior Animal

Joseph Michael Laurinaitis (September 12, 1960 – September 22, 2020) better known by his ring name, Road Warrior Animal (or simply Animal), was an American professional wrestler. Along with Road Warrior Hawk, he was one half of the tag team The Road Warriors/The Legion of Doom.

He performed with many pay-per-view events for the WWF and WCW, competing for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship at 2001's Sin.

Animal was inducted with Hawk and their manager Paul Ellering into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011.

Laurinaitis died of natural causes on September 22, 2020, ten days after his 60th birthday in Osage Beach, Missouri.

Osage Beach, Missouri

Osage Beach is a city in Camden and Miller counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. Most of the city is in Camden County, while a small eastern sliver is in Miller County. The population was 4,637 at the 2020 census.

Tuscumbia, Missouri

Tuscumbia is a village in and the county seat of Miller County, Missouri, United States. The population was 188 at the 2020 census.

Camdenton, Missouri

Camdenton is a city in of Camden County, Missouri, United States. Its population was 3,960 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Camden County.

Parliament of Ghana

The Parliament of Ghana is the legislative body of the Government of Ghana.

Parliament of Jamaica

The Parliament of Jamaica is the legislative branch of the government of Jamaica. It consists of three elements: the Crown (represented by the Governor-General), the appointed Senate and the directly elected House of Representatives.

The Senate (Upper House) – the direct successor of a pre-Independence body known as the "Legislative Council" – made up of 21 senators appointed by the Governor-General.

The House of Representatives, the Lower House, is made up of 63 (previously 60) Members of Parliament, elected to five-year terms on a first-past-the-post basis in single-seat constituencies.

The Parliament meets at Gordon House at 81 Duke Street, Kingston. It was built in 1960 and named in memory of Jamaican patriot George William Gordon.


Hwacheon

Hwacheon County ("Hwacheon-gun") is a county in Gangwon Province, South Korea. The northern border is, in some places, within nine kilometres of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. Neighboring counties are Cheorwon to the northwest and north, Yanggu to the east, Chuncheon to the south, and the Gyeonggi-do province to the southwest. The county consists largely of mountains and rivers, between which are small farming communities, military bases and military training grounds. The area is renowned for its rivers, lake trout, indigenous otters, and natural scenery.


Adamu Daramani Sakande

Adamu Daramani Sakande (6 May 1962 – 22 September 2020) was a Ghanaian politician. He was a member of the Fifth Parliament of the Fourth Republic for the Bawku Central Constituency between 2009 and 2013. He was a member of the New Patriotic Party. The membership of Adamu Dramani Sakande was challenged by a member of the National Democratic Congress which happened to be the government of the day. The Supreme Court of Ghana subsequently decleared the election of Adamu Dramani Sakande null and void prompting a by-election at Bawku Central. Adamu Dramani Sakande was subsequently sentenced to 2 years imprisonment. 

Sakande died of a long-illness at a London hospital on 22 September 2020, aged 58.

Yilan County

Yilan County, alternately spelled I-lan, is a county in northeastern Taiwan, Republic of China.


Agne Simonsson

Tore Klas Agne Simonsson (19 October 1935 – 22 September 2020) was a Swedish footballer. He played as a striker. Beginning his career with Örgryte IS, he went on to represent Real Madrid and Real Sociedad in La Liga in the early 1960s before returning to Örgryte in 1963.

Simonsson won 51 caps for the Sweden national team. He was a part of the Sweden team that finished second at the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was the recipient of the 1959 Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal.

Simonsson died on 22 September 2020 from pneumonia in Gothenburg at the age of 84.

Andre Vltchek

André Vltchek (, , December 29, 1963 – September 22, 2020) was a Soviet-born American political analyst, journalist, and a filmmaker. Vltchek was born in Leningrad.

Vltchek covered armed conflicts in Peru, Kashmir, Mexico, Bosnia, Sri Lanka, Congo, India, South Africa, East Timor, Indonesia, Turkey, and the Middle East.

He traveled to more than 140 countries and wrote articles for "Der Spiegel", Japanese newspaper "The Asahi Shimbun", "The Guardian", ABC News and the Czech Republic daily "Lidové noviny".

From 2004, Vltchek served as a Senior Fellow at the Oakland Institute.

On September 22, 2020, he died, seemingly in his sleep in his car in Istanbul, Turkey. His death is seen as suspicious by the police and an investigation is still ongoing.


Sha Tin

Sha Tin, also spelt Shatin, is a satellite town along Shing Mun River in Sha Tin District of East New Territories, Hong Kong. Administratively, it is part of the Sha Tin District. It is one of Hong Kong's most prominent examples of new town developments in the 1970s. Together with its satellite town Ma On Shan, Shatin is the most populous city in the New Territories, with a 2011 population census of 630,273 within an area of . It is in the southern half of New Territories East below Tolo Harbour, it is the principal city of Sha Tin District, which is the second most populous district of the territory.

The city was founded in 1973 under the New Towns Development Programme of the Hong Kong government. Its current name was named after the nearby village of Sha Tin Wai. Housing the industrial area of Fo Tan, Shatin's economy once heavily relied on manufacturing, logistics and transportation. Since the late 1990s, it has undergone an extensive transition into areas such as business, service, tourism, entertainment, culture, education, sports, technology and scientific research. This has been marked by the building of Sha Tin Racecourse, Hong Kong Sports Institute and the Hong Kong Science Park in its outskirts.

Sha Tin is in a valley, on both sides of the Shing Mun River, running from the southwest to the northeast. It is bordered by Tai Wai in the southwest and by Fo Tan (left bank) and Shek Mun (right bank) in the northeast.

Because they are close to the Shenzhen border, towns in the northern parts of Hong Kong, notably Sheung Shui and Yuen Long, have become hubs for parallel traders who have been buying up large quantities of goods, forcing up local prices and disrupting the daily lives of local citizens. Since 2012, there has been an increase in mainland parallel traders arriving in the North District of Hong Kong to re-export infant formula and household products – goods popular with mainlanders – across the border to Shenzhen. The volume of smuggling activity spilled over into Tuen Mun and Sha Tin in 2014.

The first anti-parallel trading protest was started at Sheung Shui in September 2012. As government efforts to limit the adverse impact of mainland trafficking were widely seen as inadequate, so there have been further subsequent protests in towns in the North District including Sha Tin.

Lu'an

Lu'an (), is a prefecture-level city in western Anhui province, People's Republic of China, bordering Henan to the northwest and Hubei to the southwest. At the 2010 census, it had a total population of 5,612,590, whom 1,644,344 lived in the built-up area made of 2 urban districts. Neighbouring prefecture-level cities are the provincial capital of Hefei to the east, Anqing to the south, Huanggang (Hubei) and Xinyang (Henan) to the west, and Huainan and Fuyang to the north. Although the character "" (literally: "six") is normally pronounced "Liù", in this case it changes to "Lù" on account of the historical literary reading.


Jiashan County

Jiashan County () is a county in the north of Zhejiang Province, bordering Shanghai to the northeast and Jiangsu province to the north. It is administered by the prefecture-level city of Jiaxing. Jiashan is nicknamed "The Land of Fish and Rice", and is southwest of central Shanghai, east of Hangzhou, and south of Suzhou. The county seat is located on 126 People Avenue, Weitang Town. The second campus of Sanda University, known as Guangbiao Institute, is in Jiashan County.


Vakha Agaev

Vakha Agaev (15 March 1953 – 23 September 2020) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the State Duma representing the Krasnoyarsk region from 2011 until his death. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. 

Agaev died on 23 September 2020 in Moscow from COVID-19, aged 67.

2013 Asian Rowing Championships

The 2013 Asian Rowing Championships were the 15th Asian Rowing Championships and took place from September 22–25, 2013, in Lu'an , China.


Suresh Angadi

Suresh Angadi (1 June 1955 – 23 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of parliament from 2004 until his death. He was Minister of State for Railways from 2019 until his death in 2020. He was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Karnataka. He was born in Karnataka, India.

Angadi died on 23 September 2020 at a hospital in New Delhi from COVID-19 at the age of 65. 

Zlatko Portner

Zlatko Portner (16 January 1962 – 23 September 2020) was a Yugoslav handball player. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Portner was born in Ruma. During his successful career he played for RK Metaloplastika and FC Barcelona Handbol.

In 1988 he was part of the Yugoslav team which won the bronze medal. He played in all six matches and scored 31 goals.

Portner died on 23 September 2020, aged 58.


Yrsa Sigurðardóttir

Vilborg Yrsa Sigurðardóttir (born 1963) is an Icelandic novelist. She writes both crime novels and children's fiction in Icelandic. She has been writing since 1998. Her works have been translated into English by Bernard Scudder, Philip Roughton and Victoria Cobb. She is known for her Thóra Gudmundsdóttir (Þóra Guðmundsdóttir) crime novel series. As a children's writer, she won the 2003 Icelandic Children's Book Prize for "Biobörn".

Yrsa was born in Reykjavík. She is married and has two children. Outside of writing, she has had a career as a civil engineer.

Rowing at the Asian Games

Rowing has been contested at every Asian Games since its introduction to the program at the 1982 Asian Games.


Law 4000

Nomos 4000 (, "Law 4000") is a 1962 Greek drama movie directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Zoi Laskari, Kostas Voutsas, Eleni Zafeiriou, Vangelos Voulgaridis, Vasilis Diamantopoulos.

Pierre Troisgros

Pierre Troisgros (3 September 1928 – 23 September 2020) was a French restaurateur.

He was best known for his restaurant Frères Troisgros. Within ten years, it became the most popular restaurant in the region and soon it was one of the best known restaurants in France. In 1965, the restaurant, got its second star, and, in 1968, its third.

On 23 September 2020, Troisgros died at home in Le Coteau near Roanne from a heart attack, aged 92.

Iván Verebély

Iván Verebély (born Iván Weinberg 7 December 1937 – 23 September 2020) was a Hungarian actor and comedian. He was born in Budapest. He played in Miskolci Nemzeti Színház, Nemzeti Színház, and in Vidámszínpad.

He appeared in the 2008 movie "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas". He gave the voice to Mayor Manx for the Hungarian dub of "".

Verebély died on 23 September 2020 in Budapest at the age of 82.

Blanche M. Manning

Blanche M. Manning (December 12, 1934 – September 20, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois between 2010 until his death. Manning was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton in 1994. Manning was born in Chicago.

Manning died on September 20, 2020 in Chicago at the age of 85.

Georgina Mace

Dame Georgina Mary Mace, (12 July 1953 – 19 September 2020) was a British ecologist and conservation scientist. She was Professor of Biodiversity and Ecosystems at University College London. 

She was Professor of Conservation Science and Director of the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) Centre for Population Biology, Imperial College London (2006–2012) and Director of Science at the Zoological Society of London (2000–2006).

Donald Keith Duncan

Donald Keith "D.K." Duncan, CD, (1940 – September 17, 2020) was a Jamaican dental surgeon and politician. He was a member of the People's National Party (PNP). He was Minister of National Mobilization & Human Resource Development between 1977 to 1980. Duncan was born in St. Ann, Jamaica. He was a member of the Parliament of Jamaica between 1976 to 1983 and again from 2007 to 2016.

Duncan died on September 17, 2020 from COVID-19, aged 80.

President of Cantabria

The President of Cantabria is the person in charge of the Government of Cantabria. The job holds the supreme representation of the autonomous community and ordinary representation of the State in Cantabria. He or she is elected by the Parliament of Cantabria.

José Antonio Rodríguez Martínez

José Antonio Rodríguez Martínez (born 26 May 1931) is a Spanish politician. He was the first President of Cantabria between 1982 and 1984. He was born in Santander, Cantabria.

Juan Hormaechea

Juan Hormaechea Cazón (5 June 1939 – 1 December 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was the President of Cantabria between 1987 and 1990, and again from 1991 to 1995. He was also Mayor of Santander between 1977 and 1987. He was born in Santander.

Hormaechea died on 1 December 2020 in Santander at the age of 81.

Jaime Blanco García

Jaime Blanco García (1 May 194424 September 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was President of Cantabria between 1990 and 1991. He was born in Santander, Cantabria. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

Blanco García died on 24 September 2020, aged 76.

Miguel Ángel Revilla

Miguel Ángel Revilla Roiz (born 23 January 1943) is a Spanish politician, economist and bank employee. He was the 9th President of the Autonomous Community of Cantabria. Before this, Revilla has was the 7th President between 2003 and 2011.

Sekhar Basu

Sekhar Basu (20 September 1952 – 24 September 2020) was an Indian nuclear scientist. He was born in Muzaffarpur, Bihar. From 2012 to 2016, he was Director of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. Between 2015 to 2018, he was Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission of India.

Basu died of COVID-19 in Kolkata, West Bengal on 24 September 2020, four days after his 68th birthday.

Claude Moisy

Claude Moisy (26 June 1927 – 21 September 2020) was a French journalist and writer. He was President of the Agence France-Presse from 1990 to 1993. He was born in Caen, France. Moisy began his journalistic career with "Ouest-France". Moisy joined Reporters Without Borders. He also worked for "Le Monde".

Moisy died on 21 September 2020 at the age of 93.

Harold Evans

Sir Harold Matthew Evans (28 June 1928 – 23 September 2020) was a British-American journalist and writer. He was editor of "The Sunday Times" from 1967 to 1981.

He also worked for "U.S. News & World Report", "The Atlantic Monthly", and the New York "Daily News". In 1986, he founded "Condé Nast Traveler".

Evans was honored as a Knight Bachelor in 2004.

On 13 June 2011, Evans was appointed editor-at-large of the Reuters news agency. From 2013 until 2019, he was chairman of the European Press Prize jury panel.

Evans died in New York City on 23 September 2020 from heart failure, aged 92.

Richard O. Covey

Richard Oswalt Covey (born August 1, 1946) is a retired United States Air Force officer and former NASA astronaut. He was part of the "Space Shuttle Discovery" crew.

Arnaldo Tamayo Méndez

Arnaldo Tamayo Méndez (born January 29, 1942) is a Cuban military officer, legislator, and former cosmonaut. He was the first person of African heritage in space. 

As a member of the crew of Soyuz 38, he became the first Cuban citizen, the first Latin American, and the first person from a country in the Western Hemisphere other than the United States to travel into Earth orbit.

Vaporization

Vaporization is a phase change from liquid to vapor. There are two types of vaporization: evaporation and boiling.

Evaporation is a phase change from liquid to vapour. Evaporation happens below the boiling point of a substance at a given pressure. Evaporation happens on a surface.

Boiling is also a phase change from liquid to gas. Boiling takes place when the vapor pressure of the substance is greater than or equal to the pressure of its environment. The temperature at which a substance boils is called the boiling point.

Richard H. Truly

Richard Harrison Truly (November 12, 1937 – February 27, 2024) was a retired Vice Admiral in the United States Navy. He was the eighth Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from 1989 to 1992. He was the first former astronaut to head the space agency.

Daniel Goldin

Daniel Saul Goldin (born July 23, 1940) is an American astronaut. He was the 9th and longest-tenured Administrator of NASA from April 1, 1992, to November 17, 2001. He was appointed by President George H. W. Bush and also served under Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.

Barbara Morgan

Barbara Radding Morgan (born November 28, 1951) is an American teacher and a former NASA astronaut. She participated in the Teacher in Space program as backup to Christa McAuliffe for the 1986 ill-fated STS-51-L mission of the Space Shuttle "Challenger".

She then trained as a Mission Specialist, and flew on STS-118 in August 2007.

Peter Billingsley

Peter Billingsley (born April 16, 1971), also known as Peter Michaelsen and Peter Billingsley-Michaelsen, is an American actor, director, and producer.

He is best known for his role as Ralphie Parker in the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story", Jack Simmons in "The Dirt Bike Kid", Billy in "Death Valley", and as Messy Marvin in the Hershey's chocolate syrup commercials during the 1980s. 

Fritz Strassmann

Friedrich Wilhelm "Fritz" Strassmann (22 February 1902 – 22 April 1980) was a German chemist. In 1939, he worked with Otto Hahn, to find out that barium was a product of the bombardment of uranium with neutrons.

William P. Rogers

William Pierce Rogers (June 23, 1913 – January 2, 2001) was an American politician, diplomat, and lawyer. He was United States Attorney General under President Dwight D. Eisenhower from 1957 to 1961 and United States Secretary of State under President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973.

Rogers died of congestive heart failure, at the Suburban Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland, on January 2, 2001, at the age of 87.

Norfolk, New York

Norfolk is a town in St. Lawrence County in the U.S. state of New York. The population was 4,453 at the 2020 census.

Rogers Commission Report

The Rogers Commission Report was created by a Presidential Commission charged with investigating the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster during its 10th mission, STS-51-L. 

The report, released and submitted to President Ronald Reagan on 9 June 1986, both determined the cause of the disaster that took place 73 seconds after liftoff, and urged NASA to improve and install new safety features on the shuttles and in its organizational handling of future missions.



Joe Sutter

Joseph Frederick Sutter (March 21, 1921 – August 30, 2016) was an American engineer for the Boeing Airplane Company and manager of the design team for the Boeing 747 under Malcolm T. Stamper. "Smithsonian Air and Space Magazine" has described Sutter as the "father of the 747".

Alton G. Keel Jr.

Alton Gold Keel Jr. (born September 15, 1943) is an American engineer, diplomat, and businessman. He was born in Hampton, Virginia.

In July 1986, President Ronald Reagan appointed Keel as the acting principal deputy to the National Security Advisor. From 1987-89, Keel was the United States Permanent Representative to NATO.


Donald J. Kutyna

General Donald Joseph Kutyna (born December 6, 1933) is a retired United States Air Force officer. He was born in Chicago. 

He was commander in chief of the North American Aerospace Defense Command and the United States Space Command from 1990 to 1992, and commander of Air Force Space Command at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado from 1987 to 1990.


Gene Porter Bridwell

Gene Porter Bridwell (born October 4, 1935) is an American NASA official. He was the seventh director of the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center located in Huntsville, Alabama. He was director from January 6, 1994 to February 3, 1996. Bridwell was born in Linton, Indiana.

William R. Lucas

William Ronald Lucas (born March 1, 1922) is an American NASA official and chemist. He was the fourth Director of the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center. He was director from June 15, 1974 to July 3, 1986. Lucas was born in Newbern, Tennessee.

Newbern, Tennessee

Newbern is a town in Dyer County, Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 3,349.

Dyersburg, Tennessee

Dyersburg is a city and the county seat of Dyer County, Tennessee, in the United States. It is located in northwest Tennessee, northeast of Memphis on the Forked Deer River. The population was 16,164 at the 2020 census.

Rick Husband

Rick Douglas Husband (July 12, 1957 – February 1, 2003) (Colonel, USAF) was an American astronaut and fighter pilot. He traveled into space twice: as Pilot of STS-96 and Commander of STS-107. He and the rest of the crew of STS-107 were killed when "Columbia" disintegrated during reentry into the Earth's atmosphere.

William C. McCool

William Cameron "Willie" McCool (September 23, 1961 – February 1, 2003) (Cmdr, USN) was an American naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aeronautical engineer, and NASA astronaut.

He was the pilot of Space Shuttle "Columbia" mission STS-107. He and the rest of the crew of STS-107 were killed when "Columbia" disintegrated during re-entry into the atmosphere. He was the youngest male member of the crew. McCool was posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.

Michael P. Anderson

Michael Phillip Anderson (December 25, 1959 – February 1, 2003) was a United States Air Force officer and NASA astronaut. Anderson and his six fellow crew members were killed in the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster when the craft disintegrated during its re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere.

David M. Brown

David McDowell Brown (April 16, 1956 – February 1, 2003) was a United States Navy captain and a NASA astronaut. He died on his first spaceflight, when the Space Shuttle "Columbia" (STS-107) disintegrated during orbital reentry into the Earth's atmosphere. 

Brown became an astronaut in 1996, but had not served on a space mission prior to the "Columbia" disaster. Brown was posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.


Laurel Clark

Laurel Blair Clark (née Salton; March 10, 1961 – February 1, 2003) was an American medical doctor, United States Navy Captain, NASA astronaut and Space Shuttle mission specialist. 

Clark died along with her six fellow crew members in the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster.

Wakarusa, Indiana

Wakarusa is a town in Harrison and Olive townships in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,998 at the 2020 census.

Károly Fatér

Károly Fatér (9 April 1940 – 19 September 2020) was a Hungarian footballer. He was born in Veszprém County. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where he won a gold medal with the Hungarian team.

Fatér died on 19 September 2020 in Budapest, aged 80.

Steve Smith (pole vaulter)

Stephen Norwood Smith (November 24, 1951 – September 23, 2020) was an American Olympic pole vaulter. He was the first person to clear the 18 foot barrier indoors. He was the number one ranked pole vaulter in the world in 1973. Smith was born in Long Beach, California. He took part in the 1972 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

Smith died on September 23, 2020, in San Clemente, California. He was 68.

Vyacheslav Voynarovskii

Vyacheslav Igorevich Voinarovskiy (8 February 1946 – 24 September 2020) was a Russian opera singer and actor. He was born in Khabarovsk, Soviet Union. He was known for his roles in "The Garage" (1980), "To Kill a Dragon" (1989) and in "Mother" (1990). In 1999, he was honored as a People's Artist of Russia.

Voynarovskii died on 24 September 2020 from a long-illness in Moscow, aged 74.

Primordial nuclide

Primordial nuclides are nuclides found on Earth which have existed since before the Earth was formed. They are also called primordial isotopes. 

Primordial nuclides are found in the interstellar medium. They were formed in or after the Big Bang, by nucleosynthesis in stars and supernovae. or by being hit by cosmic rays. 286 primordial nuclides are known.

There are 252 "stable" nuclides, plus another 34 nuclides that have half-lives long enough to have survived from the formation of the Earth. These are the primordial nuclides. The 34 primordial radionuclides are isotopes of 28 separate elements. 

Oxygen is one of the primordial nuclides. Onviously, it is found on Earth in rocks and in the atmosphere. The molecules have existed in their current form since before Earth was formed. Primordial nuclides were present in the interstellar medium from which the solar system was formed. They were formed in, or after, the Big Bang, by nucleosynthesis in stars and supernovae followed by mass ejection, by cosmic ray spallation, and perhaps by other processes. 

Ramatuelle

Ramatuelle (Provençal: "Ramatuela") is a commune in the Var department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in Southeastern France. In 2016, it had a population of 2,077.


Dudley Riggs

Dudley Riggs (January 18, 1932 – September 22, 2020) was an American improvisational comedian. He created the Instant Theater Company in New York City. He later moved to Minneapolis to become a member of the Brave New Workshop comedy group. He was born in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Riggs died on September 22, 2020 in Minneapolis, aged 88.

Victory Gardens Theater

Victory Gardens Theater is a theater company in Chicago, Illinois dedicated to the creation and production of new plays and playwrights. It is located in the Lincoln Park area of the city near DePaul University.

The theater company was founded in 1974. Eight local actors gave $1,000 to start a company outside the Chicago Loop. The theater's first production, "The Velvet Rose", by Stacy Myatt premiered on October 9, 1974. Since 2011, Chay Yew has continued their mission as the Artistic Director.


Victory Gardens, New Jersey

Victory Gardens is a borough in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 1,582.

Glory (1989 movie)

Glory is a 1989 American war drama movie directed by Edward Zwick.

It is about the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment, the Union Army's first African-American regiment in the American Civil War.

It stars Matthew Broderick as Colonel Robert Gould Shaw and Denzel Washington, Cary Elwes, and Morgan Freeman as fictional members of the 54th.

"Glory" was nominated for five Academy Awards and won three, including Best Supporting Actor for Washington.

It premiered in limited release in the United States on December 14, 1989, and in wide release on February 16, 1990, making $27 million on an $18 million budget.

Cary Elwes

Ivan Simon Cary Elwes (; born 26 October 1962) is a British actor and writer. He is best known for his leading movie roles as Westley in "The Princess Bride" (1987), Robin Hood in "" (1993), and Dr. Lawrence Gordon in the "Saw" movie series.

Edward Zwick

Edward M. Zwick (born October 8, 1952) is an Emmy Award-winning American movie and television director, writer and producer. He was born in Chicago. His best known movies are "About Last Night, Glory, Legends of the Fall," and "The Last Samurai." He is also the co-creator of the television series "thirtysomething" and "Once and Again".

Dean Jones (cricketer)

Dean Mervyn Jones (24 March 1961 – 24 September 2020) was an Australian cricket commentator, coach and former cricketer. He played Tests and One Day Internationals for Australia. In 2019 Jones was added into the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame. He was born near Melbourne, Victoria. He played for Victoria, Derbyshire and the national team. He worked for "The Sydney Morning Herald".

Jones died of cardiac arrest caused by a stroke at a Mumbai hospital on 24 September 2020 at the age of 59.

Dean Jones

Dean Jones may mean:


Vapor pressure

Vapor pressure is the pressure applied by a vapor in thermodynamic equilibrium with its condensed phases at a given temperature in a closed system. The vapor pressure shows how fast a liquid evaporates. A substance with a high vapor pressure at normal temperatures is often called a volatile. As the temperature of a liquid increases, the kinetic energy of its molecules also increases. As the kinetic energy of the molecules increases, the number of molecules changing into a vapor also increases, so it increases the vapor pressure.

Cubic crystal system

In crystallography, the cubic crystal system is a crystal system where the unit cell is in the shape of a cube. This is one of the most common and simplest shapes found in crystals and minerals.

There are three main types of these crystals:


Jackson County, Tennessee

Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 11,617 people lived there. The county seat is Gainesboro.

Jefferson County, Tennessee

Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 54,683 people lived there. The county seat is Dandridge.

NGC 723

NGC 723 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 65 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Rochelle Sharpe

Rochelle Sharpe is an American journalist. She won a 1991 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting. Her work has appeared in the "New York Times", NPR, Politico. She was an adjunct professor at Boston University.


NGC 725

NGC 725 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 464 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 726

NGC 726 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 240 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Paramagnetism

Paramagnetism is a form of magnetism whereby some materials are weakly attracted by an applied magnetic field and form induced magnetic fields in the direction of the magnetic field. Paramagnetic materials include most chemical elements and some compounds. They have a relative magnetic permeability that is a little bit higher than 1. The magnetic moment caused by the applied magnetic field is linear in the field strength and weak.

NGC 727

NGC 727 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Fornax constellation. It is about 446 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 731

NGC 731 is an elliptical galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 172 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 732

NGC 732 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It is about 269 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Reidsville, Georgia

Reidsville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Tattnall County.

Butler, Georgia

Butler is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Taylor County.

Assérac

Assérac is a commune of 1,790 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Benoist-sur-Vanne

Saint-Benoist-sur-Vanne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Benoît-sur-Seine

Saint-Benoît-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Christophe-Dodinicourt

Saint-Christophe-Dodinicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Sainte-Maure

Sainte-Maure is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Sainte-Savine

Sainte-Savine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Étienne-sous-Barbuise

Saint-Étienne-sous-Barbuise is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Flavy

Saint-Flavy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Lisa Gartner

Lisa Gartner is an American journalist. She won a 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting, and Livingston Award . In 2019, she won a George Polk Award. She graduated from Northwestern University. She worked for the the Washington Examiner, Tampa Bay Times, Philadelphia Inquirer, and San Francisco Chronicle. 


Baldringen

Baldringen is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2019, 270 people lived there.

Nufringen

Nufringen is a municipality of the district of Böblingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 5,872 people lived there.


Corine Rottschäfer

Corine Spier-Rottschäfer (8 May 1938 – 24 September 2020) was a Dutch model and beauty queen. She won the 1959 Miss World contest, representing the Netherlands. She was the first woman from her country to win the title. The pageant was held in London, United Kingdom. Rottschäfer was born in Hoorn, Netherlands.

Rottschäfer died on 24 September 2020 at the age of 82.

Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac

Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac (6 December 1778 – 9 May 1850) was a French chemist and physicist. He is mostly known because he discovered that water is made up of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom oxygen with Alexander von Humboldt. He is also known for two laws related to gases with temperature and for his work on alcohol and water mixtures.

Bobby Wilson (tennis)

Robert Keith Wilson (22 November 1935 – 22 September 2020) was a top-ranking English tennis player. Wilson reached the quarterfinals of Wimbledon four times, Forest Hills twice, and Roland Garros once during the late 1950s and early 1960s. He was also a well known Great Britain Davis Cup team member. Wilson was born in Hendon, Middlesex.

Wilson died on 22 September 2020 in Finchley, Middlesex at the age of 84.

Cara Fitzpatrick

Cara Fitzpatrick is an American journalist. She won a 2016 Pulitzer Prize in Local Reporting. and 2015 George Polk Award. In 2018, she was a Spencer Fellow. In 2019, she was a New Arizona Fellow. She graduated from University of Washington, and the Columbia University School of Journalism. She worked for the "Tampa Bay Times". She is an editor at Chalkbeat.

Pearson's green tree frog

Pearson's green tree frog, Pearson's tree frog, the mountain stream tree frog, cascade tree frog or Cedar Creek tree frog ("Ranoidea pearsoniana") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales, from 200 to 1000 metres above sea level.

This frog lives in forests where the trees are close together. It lives in fast-flowing streams in the forest. It hides under rocks during the day and looks for food at night. The females lay eggs in pools where the water does not flow fast, 360-730 at a time. The eggs stick to the undersides of rocks or to plants or to the bottom of the pool. The tadpoles become frogs after 2 to 2.5 months.

European Canoe Slalom Championships

The European Canoe Slalom Championships is an annual international canoeing and kayaking event organized by the European Canoe Association (ECA) since 1996. Until 2004 it was held every two years.


European Canoe Sprint Championships

The Canoe Sprint European Championships is an international canoeing and kayaking event organized by the European Canoe Association (ECA). It was first held in 1933 in Prague under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation. In 1997, the European Championships were resumed, and now take place annually.

Source:



World Canoe Slalom Championships

The ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships are an international event in canoeing organized by the International Canoe Federation. The World Championships have taken place every year in non-Summer Olympic years since 2002. From 1949 to 1999, they had taken place in odd-numbered years. The 2001 championships were scheduled to take place in Ducktown, Tennessee (East of Chattanooga) from 20 to 23 September, but were canceled in the wake of the September 11 attacks.

European Canoe Association

The European Canoe Association (ECA) is the umbrella organization for canoeing sport in Europe. It was founded in Rome, Italy, on December 11, 1993. The organization has 45 member countries. The association was recognized by the International Canoe Federation at the ICF congress in Acapulco in 1994.


European Canoe Marathon Championships

The Canoe Marathon European Championships is an international canoe marathon event organised by the European Canoe Association. The first edition took place in 1995 and subsequent stagings were held every two years until 2013, after which it became an annual competition.


European Shooting Championships

The European Shooting Championships are the global sport shooting European championships as regards the disciplines of the sport shooting.


European Gymnastics Championships

The European Union of Gymnastics organises European Gymnastics Championships for each of the following gymnastics disciplines:

European Artistic Gymnastics Championships


European Union of Gymnastics

European Gymnastics is one of five continental unions that represents the interests of Europe in the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique. It was formed on 27 March 1982.


European Inline Speed Skating Championships

The European Inline Speed Skating Championships is the main inline speed skating championships in Europe, organized by European Confederation of Roller Skating.



European Badminton Championships

The European Badminton Championships is a tournament organized by the Badminton Europe (BE).


Badminton Europe

Badminton Europe (BE) is the governing body of badminton in Europe. It is one of the five continental bodies under the flag of the Badminton World Federation (BWF). It now has 53 member associations and 1 associate member. It was founded on 27 September 1967 in Frankfurt, Germany.

On its annual meeting held on 8 April 2006 the members decided to change the name from European Badminton Union (EBU), to Badminton Europe (BE).


University of Kashmir

The University of Kashmir (also known as Kashmir University and abbreviated as KU) is a university located in Srinagar, in the Indian Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir.

Talat Ahmad was appointed as the Vice Chancelor of the KU in August 2018.

Johnson County, Tennessee

Johnson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 17,948 people lived there. The county seat is Mountain City.

Heartbreaker (song)

"Heartbreaker" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. The song was released on September 21, 1999 in North America as the lead single to her seventh studio album "Rainbow" (1999). The song samples the 1982 R&B song "Attack of the Name Game" under Stacy Lattisaw. "Heartbreaker" is about a relationship from a female perspective; the protagonist returns to her lover. But her lover constantly cheats on her.

"Heartbreaker" received mixed music reviews from critics. A number of critics felt the song wasn't original in terms of a creative step forward. However, it hit #1 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 and the Canadian Singles Chart.

In the video, Carey played two women: herself and a woman named Bianca. There was a physical fight between these two women in a movie theater.

Lauderdale County, Tennessee

Lauderdale County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 25,143 people lived there. The county seat is Ripley.

Tifton, Georgia

Tifton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Tift County.

Lyons, Georgia

Lyons is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Toombs County.

Jeffersonville, Georgia

Jeffersonville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Twiggs County.

Lyons, Illinois

Lyons is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Lincolnwood, Illinois

Lincolnwood is a village in Cook County, Illinois in the United States. In 2020 the population was 13,463. It shares its southern, eastern, and a small section of its western boundary with Chicago, also bordering Skokie to the north and west.

Chadwick, Illinois

Chadwick is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Douglas, Wyoming

Douglas is a city in Wyoming in the United States. It is the county seat of Converse County.

Rock River, Wyoming

Rock River is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

We Are Not Your Kind

We Are Not Your Kind is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. We Are Not Your Kind was released on August 9, 2019.

Nicole Ellis

Nicole Ellis is a Certified Professional Dog Trainer (CPDT-KA), American Kennel Club CGC evaluator APDT trainer and co-author of Working like a Dog. She has trained hundreds of animals from basic behavior and puppy manners, to trick training, therapy work, movie production work and service dog training.

Nicole has the experience of working with animals for over 15 years including training bears, tigers, horses, cats but majorly dogs. She had adopted a dog, named ‘Maggie’ from the city shelter which performs in films and commercials, visits hospitals and does staged shows.





Chapin, Illinois

Chapin is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Chatham, Illinois

Chatham is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Bar Nunn, Wyoming

Bar Nunn is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Cherry, Illinois

Cherry is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Cherry Valley, Illinois

Cherry Valley is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Chesterfield, Illinois

Chesterfield is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Gerhard Weber (designer)

Gerhard Weber (3 June 1941 – 24 September 2020) was a German fashion designer and entrepreneur. He founded Gerry Weber, a fashion manufacturer and retailer in Halle, North Rhine-Westphalia. He sponsored sports, especially tennis, and built a stadium named after the company. Weber was born in Halle.

Weber died on 24 September 2020 in Münster, Germany at the age of 79.

John J. Myers

John Joseph Myers (July 26, 1941 – September 24, 2020) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Peoria between 1990 and 2001, Ecclesiastical Superior of Turks and Caicos from 2001 to 2016 and Archbishop of Newark during the same time. Myers was born in Earlville, Illinois.

Myers died on September 24, 2020 in Ottawa, Illinois at the age of 79. 

John Walter Jones

John Walter Jones (28 March 1946 – 24 September 2020) was a Welsh civil servant and executive. He was the first Chief Executive of the Welsh Language Board, a post which he held between 1993 and 2004. Jones was born in Moelfre, Anglesey.

Jones died in September 2020 at the age of 74. 

Ray Batten

Raymond "Ray" Batten (23 September 1945 – 23 September 2020) was an English professional rugby league footballer. He was born in York, Yorkshire. He played in the 1960s and 1970s, and coached in the 1980s. 

He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Heworth ARLFC and Leeds. He coached at club level for Wakefield Trinity.

Batten died on his 75th birthday on 23 September 2020.

Brenda Robertson

Brenda Mary Robertson, CM, ONB (May 23, 1929 – September 23, 2020) was a Canadian Conservative politician. She was a Senator from New Brunswick between 1984 and 2004. She was the first woman elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick and the first woman to become a cabinet minister in the province. She was born in Sussex, New Brunswick.

Robertson died on September 23, 2020 in Riverview, New Brunswick at the age of 91.

Moelfre, Anglesey

Moelfre () is a village, a community and until 2012 an electoral ward on the north-east coast of the Isle of Anglesey in Wales. 

The 2011 census measured the village population as 710.

Dualism (philosophy of mind)

Dualism is the belief that minds and bodies are separate things. One of the main dualist views comes from René Descartes and is named Cartesian dualism after him. It is also called substance dualism because he thought that minds and bodies were two completely different substances (like matter) in the world.

Muammar Z.A.

Muammar Zainal Abedin (, born June 14, 1954) sometimes shortened Muammar ZA or Muammar Z.A. is a popular senior Qari or Qur'an reciter and Hafiz from Indonesia well known nationally and internationally.

2020 Hungarian Grand Prix

The 2020 Hungarian Grand Prix (officially known as the Formula 1 Aramco Magyar Nagydíj 2020) was a Formula One motor race. It started on 19 July 2020 at the Hungaroring in Mogyoród, Hungary. The race was the third round of the 2020 Formula One World Championship. It was the 36th running of the Hungarian Grand Prix. It was also the 35th time the race had been run as a World Championship event. Lewis Hamilton was the winner of this Grand Prix. It was his second win in a row of the 2020 season and his eighth at the Hungaroring.

Isotopes of oxygen

There are three known stable isotopes of oxygen: O, O, and O. Oxygen also has radioisotopes ranging from O to O. They all have short half-lives. The longest-lived radioisotope is O. It has a half-life of 122.24 seconds. The shortest-lived radioisotope is O. It has a half-life of 580(30)×10 seconds.

Raoul Pictet

Raoul-Pierre Pictet (4 April 1846 – 27 July 1929) was a Swiss physicist. He was the first person to liquefy nitrogen.

Violet

Violet might refer to:


That Wonderful Urge

That Wonderful Urge is a 1948 American romantic comedy movie directed by Robert B. Sinclair and was based on the 1937 remake "Love Is News". It stars Gene Tierney, Tyrone Power, Reginald Gardiner, Arleen Whelan, Lucile Watson, Gene Lockhart, Lloyd Gough and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Dyne

The dyne is a unit of force stated in the centimetre-gram-second system of units. It is a predecessor of the modern SI. The name dyne was first proposed as a CGS unit of force in 1873 by a Committee of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. The dyne per centimetre is a unit used to measure surface tension.

Manorial Lordship of Caldecote

Manorial Lordship of Caldecote or Lord of Manor of Caldecote is the ownership title of Caldecote Manor and its land, located in Newport, Pagnell, Buckinghamshire. It was introduced after the Norman Invasion. Urian Brereton was the first person to acquire this title. Paul G. Guppy holds the legal rights of the title as per the contract drawn up between him and the Manorial Counsel Limited on October 13, 2016, in compliance with the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act 1925 (Hatton Solicitors).

Note..not to be confused with the Lordship of Caldicote, held by Michael Lindsay Orr.

Before the Battle of Hastings, Norman Invasion in 1066, Caldecote was Edeva the Fair. After the Norman Invasion, in 1085, William the Conqueror ordered the commission of the Domesday Book. It was published in 1086 and divided the English counties into 13,418 manors under the governance of Lord of Manor. During this time, Caldecote was under the ownership of Bishop of Chester. The Caldecote Manor was transferred to Herbert Ruffus of Walsall in 1166 and was then passed to William Rufus. It then descended through Margaret, William’s daughter.

King Henry I granted the Lordship of Houghton Regis and Domesday manors to Dunstable Priory, the Priory Church of St Peter. King John supported the decision, and it resulted in an attack on gallows of the Priory at Eddesuthe by Eudo la Zouche, Lord of Cantelou. The Lords also broke open the Priory’s jail at Caldecote.

Manorial Lordship is not part of the British Honours system and is not a title of nobility as per the modern British honours system. It is related to property ownership only. It is an ownership title that can be transferred, conveyed, and even sold. This title is inheritable by the Lord or Lady’s child after their demise. The title is also referred to as the incorporeal hereditament as per the law.

Meniscus (liquid)

A concave meniscus happens when the particles of the liquid are more strongly attracted to the container (adhesion) than to each other (cohesion). This causes the liquid to climb the sides of the container. This happens between water and glass. Water-based fluids like sap, honey, and milk also have a concave meniscus in glass or other wettable containers.

Iodomethane

Iodomethane is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CHI. It is also called methyl iodide. It is commonly abbreviated as "MeI". It is a dense, colorless, volatile liquid. It is naturally released by rice plantations in small amounts. It is also made in large quantities by algae and kelp in the world's temperate oceans. It is made in small amounts on land by fungi and bacteria. It is used in organic synthesis as a source of methyl groups.

Evangelista Torricelli

Evangelista Torricelli (15 October 1608 – 25 October 1647) was an Italian physicist and mathematician. He was a student of Galileo. He is known for his invention of the barometer. He is also known for improving the field of optics and his work on the method of indivisibles.

Torricelli died from typhoid fever in Florence on 25 October 1647 at the age of 39.

Death and state funeral of Richard Nixon

On April 22, 1994, Richard Milhous Nixon, the 37th President of the United States, died after having a stroke
four days earlier, at the age of 81. His state funeral followed five days later at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum in his hometown of Yorba Linda, California. His death was the first Presidential death in 21 years, since President Lyndon B. Johnson's death in 1973. 

His body was flown to Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, Orange County, California, via SAM 27000, the presidential plane used as "Air Force One" while Nixon was in office. His body was transported to the Nixon Library and laid in repose. A public memorial service was held on April 27, with world leaders from 85 countries and all five living Presidents of the United States, the first time that five U.S. presidents attended the funeral of another president.

Nixon's state funeral is unique among recent presidential state funerals in that since he wanted his funeral not to be held at Washington, D.C..

Nixon's wife, Pat, had died ten months earlier on June 22, 1993.

Death and state funeral of Gerald Ford

On December 26, 2006, Gerald Ford, the 38th President of the United States, died at his home in Rancho Mirage, California at 6:45 p.m. local time (02:45, December 27, UTC). 

At 8:49 p.m. local time, President Ford's wife of 58 years, Betty Ford, issued a statement that confirmed his death: "My family joins me in sharing the difficult news that Gerald Ford, our beloved husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather has passed away at 93 years of age. His life was filled with love of God, his family and his country."

At the age of 93 years and 165 days, Ford was the longest-lived U.S. president in history until November 25, 2017, when his record was then surpassed by George H. W. Bush, who lived to be past 94 years.

Ford was the second president to die during the presidency of George W. Bush, as well as the second to die in the twenty-first century. The first being Ronald Reagan.

The schedule for the state funeral was announced at a press briefing on December 27 in Palm Desert, California. 

President and Mrs. Ford and their family chose to have the state funeral and related services in three phases (Palm Desert, California; Washington, D.C.; Grand Rapids, Michigan), with his burial in a hillside tomb next to the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The services and ceremonies were held from December 29 through January 3.

The state funeral took place at the U.S. Capitol on Saturday, December 30, 2006, with further funeral services on January 2 at Washington National Cathedral and on January 3 at Grace Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids.


Jannine Weigel

Jannine Weigel (; born 30 July 2000) is a singer and actress with Thai and German ancestry. Her work (music) on YouTube are what made her well-known. She was an artist under GMM Grammy and is now an independent artist in Germany.

Jannine Weigel was born in Steinfurt, Germany. She lived there until she was 10 years old, when her family moved to Thailand in July 2010. She has three brothers and sisters.

She graduated from kindergarten at St. Martin, Steinfurt, Germany. She graduated from elementary school at Regen Boken Chulay Steinfurt city Germany, then studied for a bachelor's degree in advance, achievement card at Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University Faculty of Liberal Arts Department of English. Weigel graduated from junior high school at a distance education institution. 

Weigel appeared in the music video of Getsunova's Klai Khae Nai Khue Kla, which made her popular in 2012. 

Weigel started her YouTube channel in 2013, where she posts her covers and popular songs. She has many covers that went viral and have gained millions of views.


Saint Anthony Falls

Saint Anthony Falls was a large waterfall. It is found northeast of downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was the only large natural waterfall on the Upper Mississippi River. It was also called the Falls of Saint Anthony. The natural falls were replaced by a spillway after it collapsed in 1869.

Fishkeeping

Fishkeeping is a popular hobby, done by aquarists. It is concerned with keeping fish in a home aquarium or garden pond. Fish have been raised as food in pools and ponds for thousands of years.

Fishkeeping can be divided into three disciplines, depending on the type of water the fish came from. They are freshwater, brackish, and saltwater fishkeeping.

Freshwater fishkeeping is the most popular type of fishkeeping. Small pet stores often sell many types of freshwater fish such as goldfish, guppies, and angelfish. Many fishkeepers create freshwater aquascapes where there are lots of aquatic plants as well as fish.

Marine aquaria is a type of fishkeeping that is not very popular. This is because saltwater fish have more specific needs to keep them alive. Saltwater fish is also expensive. Many types of saltwater fish are kept in saltwater fishkeeping.

Brackish water aquaria is a type of fishkeeping. The salinity in a brackish-water aquarium must stay between the salinity of freshwater and seawater. Many types of fish prefer brackish water including some types of mollies, many types of gobies, some types of pufferfish, monos, and scats.

NGC 734

NGC 734 is a lenticular galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 538 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Peppered tree frog

The peppered tree frog or Black Creek tree frog, speckled leaf tree frog or speckled tree frog ("Ranoidea piperata") is a frog from Australia. Scientists saw it on the New England Tableland in New South Wales. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 1120 metres above sea level.

This frog is in danger of dying out. It might already be extinct. Scientists have not seen this frog for sure since 1973. Some scientists saw and heard a frog that looked like the peppered tree frog in the 1990s, but their voices sounded different. In the 1990s, scientists decided that they needed to study the genes and DNA of this frog and its relatives before they could truly say which were separate species and which were not. Its relatives are "Ranoidea barringtonensis", "Ranoidea pearsoniana", and "Ranoidea phyllochroa".

Scientists are not sure why this frog is dying out. Many of the streams where it used to live have been changed by human beings who wanted to graze animals there. These streams also have invasive species, for example the mosquitofish, which eats tadpoles.

Pan American Cycling Championships

The Pan American Road and Track Championships are the continental cycling championships for road bicycle racing and track cycling held annually for member nations of the Pan American Cycling Confederation. Riders competing in the Pan American Cycling Championships are selected by the national governing body.

World Inline Speed Skating Championships

The World Inline Speed Skating Championships is the main inline speed skating championships in World for Seniors, organized by International Roller Sports Federation.



European Confederation of Roller Skating

The European Confederation of Roller Skating (Confédération Européenne de Roller Skating, or CERS) was the main European roller skating organization. The CERS was part of the International Roller Sports Federation or FIRS. Varieties of skating governed by the CERS included:


World Skate Europe

World Skate Europe - Rink Hockey, formerly known as Comité Européen de Rink-Hockey, is a technical committee responsible for the governing of rink hockey (or roller hockey) in Europe. World Skate Europe is one of the 5 regions governed by World Skate.


World Skate

World Skate is the current IOC recognised organisational body for roller sports, including skateboarding, rink hockey, inline hockey, inline speed skating, inline alpine, downhill, roller derby, roller freestyle, inline freestyle, Freestyle scootering, aggressive inline skating, inline figure skating and artistic roller skating. The organisation is the result of the merger of the Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports (FIRS) and the International Skateboarding Federation (ISF) in September 2017 after the ISF's involvement with the scheduled skateboarding events at the Japan 2020 Olympics were rejected.


Confederation of Asian Roller Sports

The Confederation of Asia Roller Sports (CARS) is the main roller skating organization of Asia. The CARS is part of the International Roller Sports Federation. 


International Roller Sports Federation

The Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports (FIRS; ) was the world governing body for roller sports.


NGC 735

NGC 735 is a spiral galaxy in the Triangulum constellation. It is about 213 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 736

NGC 736 is an elliptical galaxy in the Triangulum constellation. It is about 200 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

World Juniors Inline Speed Skating Championships

The World Inline Speed Skating Championships is the main inline speed skating championships in World for Juniors, organized by International Roller Sports Federation.




NGC 738

NGC 738 is a lenticular galaxy in the Triangulum constellation. It is about 201 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 739

NGC 739 is a lenticular galaxy in the Triangulum constellation. It is about 208 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

European Archery Championships

The European Archery Championships is an archery sports championships in Europe.



NGC 740

NGC 740 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Triangulum constellation. It is about 212 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Fastener

A fastener is a device that joins two or more objects together. Fasteners are used to make joints that are not permanent. Most fasteners are usually made of stainless steel, carbon steel, or alloy steel.

Blairsville, Georgia

Blairsville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Union County.

Waycross, Georgia

Waycross is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Ware County.

Warrenton, Georgia

Warrenton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Warren County.

Sandersville, Georgia

Sandersville is a city in the U.S. state of Washington County. It is the county seat of Georgia.

Sunbird

Sunbirds and spiderhunters make up the family Nectariniidae. They are small, slender passerines from the Old World, usually with downward-curved bills. Many are brightly coloured, with iridescent feathers, especially the males. Many species have long tail feathers. They live mainly in equatorial regions. There are 145 species in 16 genera. 

Most sunbirds feed largely on nectar, but will also eat insects and spiders, especially when feeding their young. Long narrow flowers are punctured at the base near the nectaries, where the birds get the nectar. Fruit is also often part of their diet. 

The sunbirds have similarities with two distantly related groups: the hummingbirds of the Americas and the honeyeaters of Australia. The resemblances are due to convergent evolution. They all have a similar nectar-feeding lifestyle. Some sunbird species can take nectar by hovering like a hummingbird, but they usually perch to feed.

Sarmatians

The Sarmatians (; ) were groups of Iranic peoples that lived in a region called Sarmatia that is the present day Ukraine near the Black Sea shore. They were flourishing from 5th century BC to the 4-5th century AD.

At their greatest development, near 1st century AD, Sarmatian tribes covered the territories from the Vistula to the Volga. Sarmatians started to battle with Roman Empire forces together with Germanic tribes around 1st century AD.

In the 3-5 century AD Sarmatians were conquered by Goths and later by Huns. Later on the Sarmatians were assimilated by Slavs of Eastern Europe.


Artazu

Artazu is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

Alcobendas

Alcobendas is a municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain. In 2019, 117,040 people lived there.

Móstoles

Móstoles is a municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain. In 2019, 209,184 people lived there.

Abáigar

Abáigar is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

Ablitas

Ablitas is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

Abaurregaina

Abaurregaina is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

Abaurrepea

Abaurrepea is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

Lawrence County, Tennessee

Lawrence County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 44,159 people lived there. The county seat is Lawrenceburg.

Lewis County, Tennessee

Lewis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 12,582 people lived there. The county seat is Hohenwald.

Lincoln County, Tennessee

Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 35,319 people lived there. The county seat is Fayetteville.

Macon County, Tennessee

Macon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 25,216 people lived there. The county seat is Lafayette.

Marshall County, Tennessee

Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 34,318 people lived there. The county seat is Lewisburg.

McMinn County, Tennessee

McMinn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 53,276 people lived there. The county seat is Athens. 

The McMinn County School Board decided Jan. 10 to remove “Maus” from its curriculum, news outlets reported. Art Spiegelman won the Pulitzer Prize in 1992 for the work that tells the story of his Jewish parents living in 1940s Poland and depicts him interviewing his father about his experiences as a Holocaust survivor.

Alamo, Georgia

Alamo is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Wheeler County.

Cleveland, Georgia

Cleveland is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of White County.

Irwinton, Georgia

Irwinton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Wilkinson County.

Köttmannsdorf

Köttmannsdorf () is a municipality of the district of Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Krumpendorf am Wörthersee

Krumpendorf am Wörthersee () is a municipality of the district of Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Ludmannsdorf

Ludmannsdorf () is a municipality of the district of Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Magdalensberg

Magdalensberg () is a market town of the district of Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Inline speed skating

Inline speed skating is the roller sport of racing on inline skates. The sport may also be called "inline racing" by participants.


Desmond Child

Desmond Child (born John Charles Barrett; October 28, 1953) is an American songwriter and producer. He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2008.

Bruce Fairbairn

Bruce Earl Fairbairn (December 30, 1949 – May 17, 1999) was a Canadian musician and record producer. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Fairbairn was active as a producer from 1976 to 1999. His most successful productions are "Slippery When Wet" and "New Jersey" by Bon Jovi, "Permanent Vacation", "Pump", and "Get a Grip" by Aerosmith, "The Razors Edge" by AC/DC, and "Balance" by Van Halen, each of which sold at least five million copies. He was a trumpet player, then started a career as a record producer for the Canadian rock band Prism. He won the Canadian music industry Producer of the Year Juno Award three times. He produced albums for many well-known international artists such as Loverboy, Blue Öyster Cult, Bon Jovi, Poison, Aerosmith, AC/DC, Scorpions, Van Halen, Chicago, The Cranberries, INXS, Kiss and Yes.

Fairbairn died suddenly on May 17, 1999 due to unknown causes.

Bob Rock

Robert Jens Rock (born April 19, 1954) is a Canadian musician, sound engineer, and record producer. He is best known for producing rock bands and music artists such as Metallica, Mötley Crüe, Bon Jovi, Aerosmith, the Tragically Hip, the Cult, 311, Our Lady Peace, Bryan Adams, the Offspring, Michael Bublé, Black Veil Brides, David Lee Roth, and Ron Sexsmith.

Shady Records

Shady Records is an American hip hop record label founded in 1999 by rapper Eminem and his manager Paul Rosenberg, after the highly successful release of Eminem's "The Slim Shady LP". Both serve as the label's presidents. It had artists such as 50 Cent, Obie Trice, and Yelawolf.

Cisne, Illinois

Cisne is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Cissna Park, Illinois

Cissna Park is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Rello

Rello is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Clay City, Illinois

Clay City is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Ganado, Texas

Ganado is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

La Ward, Texas

La Ward is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

2020 Formula One World Championship

The 2020 Formula One World Championship was the 71st season of the Formula One World Championship. The motor racing championship is the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars.

The 2020 season was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and started in Austria on 5 July and finished in Abu Dhabi on 13 December.

George I

George I might refer to:


Marise Payne

Marise Ann Payne (born 29 July 1964) is an Australian politician. She was the Minister for Foreign Affairs in the Morrison Government from 2018 until 2022. She was also named Minister for Women in 2019. She is a member of the Liberal Party. She has been a Senator for New South Wales since 1997.

Payne was born in Sydney. She is in a relationship with New South Wales politician Stuart Ayres.

Stieg Larsson

Karl Stig-Erland "Stieg" Larsson (15 August 1954 – 9 November 2004) was a Swedish journalist and writer. He became best known after his death for his "Millennium" trilogy of crime novels. His books were published from 2005 to 2007. The series was made into three movies in Sweden and one in the United States. After his death in 2004, David Lagercrantz continued the series. As a journalist, Larsson's work covered socialist politics. He was an independent researcher of right-wing extremism.

Larsson was born in Skelleftehamn. In the 1970s, he changed the spelling of his first name to "Stieg" as his friend, Stig Larsson, was already a well-known writer. His partner of thirty years was Eva Gabrielsson.

Larsson died of a heart attack in Stockholm on 9 November 2004. He was 50.

Cradleboard

When children are infants, they need to be carried around a lot. Indigenous cultures in North America and throughout northern Scandinavia have come up with a structure they called Cradleboard. Cradleboards are baby-carriers that protect the baby. In Cheyenne, a cradleboard is called pâhoešestôtse or ☃☃, in Skolt Sami it is called ǩiõtkâmpâhoešestôtse or ǩiõtkâm. There are different styles of cradleboard; each culture has its own style or styles. Some communities still use cradleboards. 

Cradleboards are used for the first few months of an infant's life. At that time, babies are carried around a lot, and a portable baby-carrier is a great help. Some cradleboards are woven, as with the Apache. Woven cradleboards are made of willow, dogwood, tule, or cattail fibres. Wooden cradleboards are made by the Iroquois and Penobscot. Navajo cradleboards are made with a Ponderosa pine frame with buckskin laces looped through the frame.

Cradleboards are built with a broad, firm protective frame for the infant's spine. A footrest is located at the bottom of the cradleboard. A cradleboard also has a rounded cover over the infant's head that is similar to a canopy or a modern-day baby carriage hood. The purpose of this headpiece is to provide shade for the infant, since it could be covered with an animal skin, or a blanket in winter to protect against the elements in colder climates. The headpiece also provides extra head protection in case anything bumps against the cradleboard. Ornaments and sacred amulets are often attached to the headpiece as well, for example "beaded umbilical cord cases, and dream catchers or medicine wheels", to amuse and help the infant develop his or her eyesight.

The inside of the cradleboard is padded with a lining of fresh plant fibres, such as sphagnum moss, cattail down, or shredded bark from juniper or cliffrose. The lining serves as a disposable diaper, although the Navajo could clean and reuse the lining made of shredded juniper or cliffrose bark. These plant fibres have antiseptic properties, they keep the infant's skin healthy. The Chippewa tradition was to make a lining for the cradleboard usually from moss growing in cranberry marshes. Before it is used, the moss is smoked over a fire to kill insects; afterwards it is rubbed and pulled to soften it. In cold weather, the infant's feet may be wrapped in rabbit skin with the fur facing inward. The moss lining is surrounded by a birch bark tray insert placed into the cradleboard, which could be removed for cleaning.

Cradleboards have been used in cultures ranging from the sub-Arctic regions of present-day Canada, down to Mexico and Central America. In Arctic regions, cold weather does not make a cradleboard feasible for the infant's survival, and infants are carried in a sling worn under the mother's parka. Cradleboards were widely used by indigenous people across present-day North America. Cradleboards are used by the Kickapoo people in Mexico and were used by Aztecs and the Seri people and Mayan communities as far south as Belize. In present-day South America, most indigenous cultures used slings or pouches, sometimes called a "rebozo", rather than cradleboards. Cradleboards were used in the southernmost part of the continent, in the Patagonia region.

Cradleboards were used during periods when the infant's mother had to travel or otherwise be mobile for work, and needed to protect the infant. The cradleboard could be carried on the mother's back, using support from "tumplines", or "burden straps" that would wrap around her forehead, chest or shoulders; if she carried a pack as well as the cradleboard, the pack strap would go around her chest and the cradleboard strap would go around her forehead. The cradleboard can also be stood up against a large tree or rock if the infant is small, or hung from a pole (as inside an Iroquois longhouse), or even hung from a sturdy tree branch. They were also used when longer travel was required, as the cradleboard could be attached to a horse for transportation.

In the southwest United States and northern Mexico, among cultures such as the Hopi and Apache, infants would spend most of their day and night in the cradleboard. When they got older, infants were taken out of it more and more, for up to five times per day. When the infant reaches the age when it can sit up unsupported, it is then gradually weaned from the use of the cradleboard, and spends less time in it. At this time, the infant may use a second, larger cradleboard that replaces the first. By the time the infant is a year old and begins to walk, they are generally finished with cradleboard use.

Cradleboard use and its effect on mother-infant interaction has been studied in Navajo communities. It has been shown that cradleboard use has no significant negative effect on this development. In the first few months of infancy, cradleboards have a soothing effect on babies. After six months of age or more, infants begin to resist being placed in cradleboards more vigorously as they become more mobile, and they are often placed in the cradleboard with their arms and hands free, so that they can play with objects hung from the cradleboard for their amusement.

Cradleboard use has been associated with increased incidence of developmental dysplasia of the hip. The technique requires straightening the legs, which encourages dislocation of the femur and malformation of the acetabulum. This can be avoided by placing padding between the baby's legs to keep the knees slightly bent with the hips angled outwards. Some modern cradleboard users say that the small 1968 study of Navajo babies was intentionally designed to denigrate a traditional cultural practice. 


The Barkleys of Broadway

The Barkleys of Broadway is a 1949 American musical movie directed by Charles Walters and starring Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Oscar Levant, Billie Burke, Gale Robbins, Jacques François, Clinton Sundberg, George Zucco. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1950.


Localism (politics)

Localism is the ideology of prioritizing localization over imports and exports in order to supply consumers with their needs. 

Localism in agriculture is when local consumers rely on their local products rather than imports to supply themselves.

Nolan Gould

Nolan Gould (born October 28, 1998) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Luke Dunphy on the ABC sitcom "Modern Family".

Intraplate earthquake

An intraplate earthquake is an earthquake that does not occur at the border of one tectonic plate, but inside the plate. Most earthquakes occur at the boundary of different plates. An example of an intraplate earthquake is the 1811-12 New Madrid Earthquake.

When My Baby Smiles at Me

When My Baby Smiles at Me is a 1948 American musical movie directed by Walter Lang and is the third adaption of the 1927 play Burlesque. It stars Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, Jack Oakie, June Havoc, Richard Arlen, James Gleason and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1949.


Gentleman's Agreement

Gentleman's Agreement is a 1947 American drama movie directed by Elia Kazan and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Laura Z. Hobson. It stars Gregory Peck, Dorothy McGuire, John Garfield, Celeste Holm, June Havoc, Anne Revere, Dean Stockwell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for eight and won three Oscars in 1948.


State Fair (1945 movie)

State Fair is a 1945 American musical movie directed by Walter Lang and starring Jeanne Crain, Dana Andrews, Dick Haymes, Vivian Blaine, Fay Bainter, Charles Winninger. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and won 1 Oscar in 1946.


Clayton, Illinois

Clayton is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Abanilla

Abanilla is a municipality of 6,127 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Moratalla

Moratalla is a municipality of 7,839 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Abarán

Abarán is a municipality of 12,964 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Águilas

Águilas is a municipality of 35,301 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Albudeite

Albudeite is a municipality of 1,373 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Alcantarilla

Alcantarilla is a municipality of 42,048 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Los Alcázares

Los Alcázares is a municipality of 16,138 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Aledo, Spain

Aledo is a municipality of 1,202 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

This area of southern Spain was occupied by the Romans in 209 BC, when they invaded via what is now Cartagena and built a city from which they were able to control the area, both on the coast and inland.

Alguazas

Alguazas is a municipality of 9,638 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Alhama de Murcia

Alhama de Murcia is a municipality of 22,077 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Ed Smith

Ed, Eddie, Edgar, Edward, Edwin Smith and similar may mean:





The Fortune Cookie

The Fortune Cookie is a 1966 American comedy movie directed by Billy Wilder. It stars Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau and Cliff Osmond. It was nominated for four Academy Awards and won one.


Eastern water-holding frog

The eastern water-holding frog, flat-headed frog, common water-holding frog or water-holding frog ("Ranoidea platycephala") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the dry middle of the country in Queensland, Victoria, South Australia and New South Wales.

The adult frog is from 6.0 to 9.0 cm long. It is dark in color or mottled green. This frog lives in many kinds of land, for example grasslands, temporary wetlands, and Australian wetlands called billabongs. When the weather is dry, this frog digs a burrow in the ground and saves water. It lays eggs, 500 at a time, when the ground floods and makes temporary pools.

Lady in the Lake

Lady in the Lake is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Robert Montgomery (who also stars) and was based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Raymond Chandler. It also stars Audrey Totter, Lloyd Nolan, Leon Ames, Audrey Meadows, Kathleen Lockhart. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Westlink M7

The Westlink M7 Motorway or Westlink M7 – formerly Western Sydney Orbital – is one of Sydney's urban motorways and a part of the Sydney Orbital Network. It is a tolled motorway that is owned and operated by NorthWestern Roads Group (NWR) and connects three motorways: M5 South Western Motorway at Prestons, M4 Western Motorway at Eastern Creek and M2 Hills Motorway at Baulkham Hills. It opened on 16 December 2005, eight months ahead of schedule.

Western Sydney is the fastest growing part of the Sydney metropolitan area. The Ring Road 5 and State Route 55 – and later State Route 77 – originally meant to bypass Sydney, had instead become primary arteries for the western suburbs.

By the late 1990s and first decade of the 21st century Western Sydney had become the third biggest producer of Australia's GDP, after the Sydney CBD and Melbourne. The growth of industrial and residential areas brought about a massive increase in traffic on its local roads. This led to the planning of the Western Sydney Orbital which, among its original purposes, was to serve the stillborn second international airport at Badgerys Creek.

In January 2001 the federal government made a commitment to progressively contribute A$356 million to the M7 project, with the remaining A$1.5 billion required for the design and construction provided by the private sector. The NSW Minister for Planning authorised the undertaking in February 2002.

The M7 Motorway was privately funded through an innovative construction contract method known as a "deed" to facilitate the expedition of the tendering phase; several deeds were drawn up based on the contractors proposals. The deed was for the full design, construction, operation and maintenance of the motorway including more than 40 kilometres (25 mi) of continuously reinforced concrete (CRCP) and asphalt roads, upgrading of local roads, the longest free-flowing (no toll booths) toll road in the world at the time. More than 90 bridges (of four different types) and the largest shared path network in the southern hemisphere. The design, construct, operate and maintain contract worth at least A$2.0 billion was awarded to WSO (Western Sydney Orbital Pty Ltd) by the Roads & Traffic Authority. The design and construct portion of the contract valued at A$1.8 billion was awarded to a joint venture between Abigroup and Leighton Contractors (ALJV) with design work undertaken by a further joint venture by Maunsell AECOM and SMEC (Snowy Mountains Engineering Corporation) with further subcontracting to other designers (Arup) and independent verification by Sinclair Knight Merz (SKM).

The motorway was opened to traffic in 2005. WSO (commonly known as Westlink) operate the motorway with maintenance subcontracted to Westlink Services and tolling to ROAM. With its opening, Metroad 7 between Liverpool and Beecroft was transferred from Cumberland Highway to Westlink M7. Westlink M7 was the first Sydney motorway to be marked with an alphanumeric shield rather than the hexagonal Metroad shield.

On 25 December 2005, just 9 days after opening, the M7 suffered its first fatality: a 12-year-old boy died at Cecil Park when the four-wheel drive he was travelling in rolled down an embankment and onto Elizabeth Drive, almost crushing another car.

Light Horse Interchange
The M7 originates at the Roden Cutler Interchange, a Y-junction with the M31 Hume Motorway and M5 South Western Motorway at Prestons, and weaves to the west of Liverpool to the junction of Elizabeth Road and Wallgrove Road in Abbotsbury. From then on it runs parallel to Wallgrove Road north towards the Great Western Highway and the Light Horse interchange, a stack junction with the M4. Continuing north, it leads to Minchinbury and follows alongside Rooty Hill Road up to Dean Park at an exit with Rooty Hill Road North and Richmond Road.

From this junction the M7 turns eastward along the preserved Castlereagh Freeway corridor through Quakers Hill and Kings Langley up to the interchange with Old Windsor Road to Norwest Business Park and continues southeast to reconcile with the existing M2 Hills Motorway in Baulkham Hills. It is 4 lanes (2 lanes each way) for its entire length.

The Light Horse Interchange is the junction of the M4 and M7 motorways. The stack interchange is the largest of its type in the southern hemisphere. It was named in honour of an Australian World War One formation, the Australian Light Horse. It is also the only one in Australia

The Westlink was built as a fully tolled, gateless motorway employing electronic payment, with an initial toll-free period that ended on 15 January 2006. The toll was originally 29.91 cents per kilometre, capped after 20 kilometres (12 mi) at $5.98. On 1 April 2006, this increased to 30.07 cents per kilometre, capped after 20 kilometres (12 mi) at $6.01. As of 2015, the toll was 38.31 cents per kilometre, capped at $7.66, and adjusted quarterly according to the CPI.

Kiss of Death (1947 movie)

Kiss of Death is a 1947 American crime thriller movie directed by Henry Hathaway and was based on the short story by Eleazar Lipsky. It stars Victor Mature, Brian Donlevy, Coleen Gray, Mildred Dunnock, Richard Widmark, Karl Malden and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1948 and was remade in 1995.


Whatever Works

Whatever Works is a 2009 American French romantic comedy movie directed by Woody Allen and starring Larry David, Ed Begley Jr., Henry Cavill, Evan Rachel Wood, Patricia Clarkson, Carolyn McCormick, Jessica Hecht, Michael McKean. It was distributed by Sony Pictures Classics.


Nonene

Nonene is an alkene with the formula CH.

The Ghost and Mrs. Muir

The Ghost and Mrs. Muir is a 1947 American romantic fantasy movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and was based on the 1945 novel by Josephine Leslie. It stars Gene Tierney, Rex Harrison, George Sanders, Edna Best, Vanessa Brown, Natalie Wood, Victoria Horne, Isobel Elsom. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1948. It was spun off in a television series in 1968.


Vallées-d'Antraigues-Asperjoc

Vallées-d'Antraigues-Asperjoc is a commune of the Ardèche department, in the southern part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Antraigues-sur-Volane (the seat) and Asperjoc.

Belsentes

Belsentes is a commune of the Ardèche department, in the southern part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Nonières (the seat) and Saint-Julien-Labrousse.

Saint-Julien-d'Intres

Saint-Julien-d'Intres is a commune of the Ardèche department, in the southern part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Intres (the seat) and Saint-Julien-Boutières.

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains-Laval-d'Aurelle

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains-Laval-d'Aurelle is a commune of the Ardèche department, in the southern part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Laurent-les-Bains (the seat) and Laval-d'Aurelle.

Archena

Archena is a municipality of 19,301 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Beniel

Beniel is a municipality of 11,318 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Blanca

Blanca is a municipality of 6,539 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Bullas

Bullas is a municipality of 11,530 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Calasparra

Calasparra is a municipality of 10,178 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Campos del Río

Campos del Río is a municipality of 2,028 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Cehegín

Cehegín is a municipality of 14,983 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Ceutí

Ceutí is a municipality of 11,787 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Cieza

Cieza is a municipality of 34,988 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Fortuna, Murcia

Fortuna is a municipality of 10,112 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Fuente Álamo de Murcia

Fuente Álamo de Murcia is a municipality of 16,583 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Jumilla

Jumilla is a municipality of 25,600 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Librilla

Librilla is a municipality of 5,305 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Lorquí

Lorquí is a municipality of 7,141 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Mazarrón

Mazarrón is a municipality of 32,209 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Molina de Segura

Molina de Segura is a municipality of 71,890 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

The Shocking Miss Pilgrim

The Shocking Miss Pilgrim is a 1947 American musical comedy movie directed by George Seaton and starring Betty Grable, Dick Haymes, Anne Revere, Gene Lockhart, Elizabeth Patterson, Allyn Joslyn, Arthur Shields, Charles Kemper, Elisabeth Risdon, Marilyn Monroe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office disappointment.


Goran Paskaljević

Goran Paskaljević (; ; 22 April 1947 – 25 September 2020) was a Serbian-French movie director. He was born in Belgrade. 

Paskaljević lived between Belgrade and Paris and he held both Serbian and French citizenship. As of 2008 he was named Officer of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.

He died on 25 September 2020 in Paris, aged 73.


Lord Alfred Hayes

Alfred George James Hayes, (8 August 1928 – 21 July 2005) he is an English professional wrestler, manager and announcer. He was best known for his appearances in the United States with the World Wrestling Federation between 1982 and 1995. He wrestled using the ring name Lord Alfred Hayes. Hayes became a member of the WWE Hall of Fame in 2018

Officer of the Most Order of the British Empire (OBE).

Yūko Takeuchi

Takeuchi committed suicide at her Tokyo apartment on September 27, 2020 at the age of 40.


Jacques Beurlet

Jacques Beurlet (21 December 1944 – 26 September 2020) was a Belgian footballer. He was born in Marche-en-Famenne, Belgium. During his career he played for R. Standard de Liège. He played for the Belgium national football team.

Beurlet died on 26 September 2020 at the age of 75.


Hélène Langevin-Joliot

Hélène Langevin-Joliot (born 19 September 1927) is a French nuclear physicist. Her parents were Irène Joliot-Curie and Frédéric Joliot-Curie. She is a member of the French government's advisory committee. 

She is a professor of nuclear physics at the Institute of Nuclear Physics at the University of Paris and a director of research at the CNRS.

Frédéric Joliot-Curie

Jean Frédéric Joliot-Curie (; né "Joliot"; 19 March 1900 – 14 August 1958) was a French physicist.

He was the husband of Irène Joliot-Curie. Both were given the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1935 for their discovery of artificial radioactivity. 

He founded with his wife Irène Joliot-Curie the Orsay Faculty of Sciences, part of the Paris-Saclay University.

Pierre Joliot

Pierre Adrien Joliot-Curie (born 12 March 1932) is a French biologist and researcher for the CNRS. He became a Director of Research in 1974 and a member of their scientific council in 1992. 

He was a scientific advisor to the French Prime Minister from 1985 to 1986 and is a member of Academia Europæa. He was made a commander of the Ordre National du Mérite ("English: the National Order of Merit") in 1982 and of the Légion d'honneur ("English: Legion of Honor") in 1984. He was born in Paris.

His grandparents, Marie and Pierre Curie together with Henri Becquerel won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 for their study of radioactivity. Marie also won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911. Joliot's parents, Irène Joliot-Curie and Frédéric Joliot-Curie, won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1935.

Academia Europaea

The Academia Europaea is the pan-European Academy of Humanities, Letters, Law, and Sciences.
The Academia was founded in 1988. It focuses on all fields of scholarly inquiry. It acts as co-ordinator of European interests in national research agencies.

Jimmy Winston

James Edward Winston Langwith (20 April 1945 – 26 September 2020), known professionally as Jimmy Winston, was an English musician and actor. He was the original keyboard player with Small Faces. He was born in London. As an actor, his best known roles were in "Hair" and the 1972 "Doctor Who" serial "Day of the Daleks".

Winston died on 26 September 2020 at the age of 75.

Mula, Spain

Mula is a municipality of 16,883 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Ojós

Ojós is a municipality of 500 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Pliego

Pliego is a municipality of 3,847 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Puerto Lumbreras

Puerto Lumbreras is a municipality of 15,394 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Ricote

Ricote is a municipality of 1,264 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

San Javier, Murcia

San Javier is a municipality of 32,489 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

San Pedro del Pinatar

San Pedro del Pinatar is a municipality of 25,476 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Santomera

Santomera is a municipality of 16,206 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Torre-Pacheco

Torre-Pacheco is a municipality of 35,676 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Totana

Totana is a municipality of 32,008 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Ulea

Ulea is a municipality of 874 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

La Unión, Murcia

La Unión is a municipality of 20,225 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Villanueva del Río Segura

Villanueva del Río Segura is a municipality of 2,910 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Yecla

Yecla is a municipality of 34,432 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Las Torres de Cotillas

Las Torres de Cotillas is a municipality of 21,471 people (2019). It is found in the province and autonomous community of Murcia in Spain.

Laviana

Laviana () is a municipality found in the autonomous community of Asturias in Spain.

McNairy County, Tennessee

McNairy County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 25,866 people lived there. The county seat is Selmer.

Yueyang

Yueyang () is a prefecture-level city in Hunan Province, China. In 2010, 5,477,911 people lived there.

Mill Creek (conservation area)

Mill Creek, a wildland in the George Washington and Jefferson National Forests of Western Virginia, United States. The Wilderness Society recognized it as a special place that needed protection from logging and new roads being built through it. The Wilderness Society has said the area is a "Mountain Treasure".

The area, a valley between two mountain ridges with many cliffs, rocky outcrops and an almost impenetrable vegetation, has the sense of being isolated from the civilized world although it is not far from nearby towns. Several trails give access to the area.

The area is part of the Angels Rest Cluster.

Mill Creek Falls is a waterfall located in Giles County, Virginia, United States. It is located in the Mills Creek Nature Park a 140+ acre (56+ hectare) area adjoining the Town of Narrows Virginia. It lies along County Route 652 and the New River to the south of the town of Narrows of Giles County. Its elevation is 2,362 feet (720 m).

Mill Creek received a silver award in “Best of the Blue Ridge” in 2013 and was also featured in a national commercial for Barbarsol shave cream.

Mill Creek Dam is located approximately downstream from Mill Creek Falls. The dam was constructed to create a spillway to use running water to turn a waterwheel and power a mill. The reservoir served as a water source for the town of Narrows until the 1970s. The original hand-cut stone portion of the dam is still functional and dates to the 1780s.

Mercy Branch Falls is a waterfall located in close proximity (within a few hundred feet) of Mill Creek Falls. It is formed from Mercy Branch, a tributary of Mill Creek.

Dubois, Wyoming

Dubois is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Liliane Weissberg

Liliane Weissberg is Christopher H. Browne Distinguished Professor in Arts and Sciences and Professor of German and Comparative Literature at the University of Pennsylvania. 
Weissberg's work has been supported, among others, by the Alexander von Humboldt Research Prize, the Anna-Maria Kellen Fellowship at the American Academy in Berlin, and a Guggenheim Fellowship. She has published widely on German, American, and French Literature of late eighteenth, nineteenth, and early twentieth centuries, and on German-Jewish culture. 
She was educated at Freire Universität Berlin and Harvard University where she completed her PhD in Comparative Literature in 1984. 

Before joining Penn in 1989, she taught at The Johns Hopkins University, and she has held visiting professorships at Princeton, Hamburg, Bochum, Potsdam, Berlin, Frankfurt, Heidelberg, Graz, Vienna, Innsbruck, Kassel, Aachen, and the ETH Zurich. Her work touches upon topics concerning cultural memory, the Frankfurt School, critical theory, Hannah Arendt, among many others.


Clear Lake, Illinois

Clear Lake is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Aberin

Aberin is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

Abárzuza

Abárzuza is a municipality found in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

François Tronchin

François Tronchin (23 October 1704 – 7 February 1798) was a Swiss lawyer, banker, and collector. 

He knew many artists, Jean-Pierre Saint-Ours, Joseph Vernet, Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne, Étienne-Maurice Falconet, , and philosophers, Voltaire, Denis Diderot, and Melchior Grimm.

He sold many paintings in his collection to Catherine II of Russia.

Rio Vista Airport

The Rio Vista Airport is a 273 acre, $13 million general use airport in Rio Vista, California.

Red Lady of Paviland

Red Lady of Paviland is the name of an almost complete skeleton, which was found in a cave about from Swansea, in 1823. It was the first time, there was a scientific publication on the find of an anatomically modern man. The skeleton turned out to be 33.000 years old, and was probably among the first people on the British Isles.

The skeleton was painted with red ochre. As pearls and ivory was found nearby, the skeleton was first thought to be that of a woman. William Buckland who found it, thought that it must have been that of a witch or a prosititute during the Roman Era Britain. In 1968, radiocarbo dating was done, and the skeleton was found to be about 22.000 years old. The man had been bout 21, at the time of his death. The age of 22.000 years was problematic though: it meant that the British Isles would have been settled during a time when it was very cold. Another dating was done in 1989; it found an age of 33.000 years. Another dating, done in 2008, gave an age of 33.000 years. 33.000 years ago, there was one of the warmer periods of the ice age. 

Today , the skeleton is kept at the Oxford Museum of Natural History.


Abejar

Abejar is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

BlackAF



Ava DuVernay, Will Packer, Tyler Perry, Issa Rae, Tim Story, Scooter Braun, Lena Waithe, and Steven Levitan made appearances as themselves in the series.

The series has received generally favorable reviews from sites such as Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic.

Helga Weisz

Helga Weisz (born 1961 in Villach) is an Austrian climate scientist. She is a researcher at Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research. She is editor–in-chief of the journal "GAIA."

She graduated from University of Vienna, and from Humboldt University Berlin. She was visiting scholar, at University of Queensland.

She is a professor at Humboldt University Berlin.



Wake in Fright

Wake in Fright is a 1971 Australian British American drama thriller movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Kenneth Cook. It stars Gary Bond, Donald Pleasence, Chips Rafferty, Jack Thompson, John Meillon and was distributed by United Artists.

John D. Barrow

John David Barrow (29 November 1952 – 26 September 2020) was an English cosmologist, theoretical physicist, and mathematician. He was Gresham Professor of Geometry at Gresham College from 2008 to 2011. 

Barrow was also a writer of popular science and an amateur playwright.

Barrow died on 27 September 2020 from colon cancer, aged 62.

Bah Ndaw

Bah Ndaw (also spelled N'Daw, N'Dah, and N'Daou; born 23 August 1950) is a Malian former politician and soldier who was the 6th President of Mali and as well as the Chairman of the National Committee for the Salvation of the People from 2020 to 2021. Previously, he was the Minister of Defense and Veterans Affairs under President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta from 2014 to 2015. Ndaw led a coup d'état in August 2020 which deposed Keïta.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic that happened during Ndaw's presidency, covid cases rose in Mali. Thus, Ndaw immediately called for vaccines from South Africa, Russia and the West. While the cases declined, the economy of Mali was still unstable.

Because of the failure of Ndaw and his government of handling the economy, Ndaw's Vice President, Assimi Goïta, led another coup d'état on 25 May 2021 which deposed Ndaw. Eventually, Ndaw and his Prime Minister Moctar Ouane were arrested by the military and taken to Kati military base nearby the Malian capital Bamako. The next day, the UN Chief António Guterres called for their immediate release.

On 27 August 2021, Ndaw and Ouane were eventually released from house arrest after an approval from Assimi Goïta.

Medium Cool

Medium Cool is a 1969 American drama movie directed by Haskell Wexler and starring Robert Forster, Verna Bloom, Peter Boyle, Peter Bonerz, Marianna Hill, China Lee. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Mass Appeal

Mass Appeal is a 1984 American comedy-drama movie directed by Glenn Jordan and was based on the 1980 play of the same name by Bill C. Davis. It stars Jack Lemmon, Željko Ivanek, Charles Durning, Louise Latham, Talia Balsman and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Rachel and the Stranger

Rachel and the Stranger is a 1948 American romantic western movie directed by Norman Foster and was based on the short story by Howard Fast. It stars William Holden, Loretta Young, Robert Mitchum, Gary Gray, Tom Tully, Sara Haden, Frank Ferguson and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Hautes-Duyes

Hautes-Duyes is a commune of 43 people (2017). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the southeast of France.

L'Hospitalet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

L'Hospitalet is a commune of 90 people (2017). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the southeast of France.

Adradas

Adradas is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Ágreda

Ágreda is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Alconaba

Alconaba is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Alcubilla de Avellaneda

Alcubilla de Avellaneda is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Alcubilla de las Peñas

Alcubilla de las Peñas is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Aldealafuente

Aldealafuente is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Aldealices

Aldealices is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Aldealpozo

Aldealpozo is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Aldealseñor

Aldealseñor is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Kenya Barris

Kenya Barris (born August 9, 1974) is an American television producer, writer and actor mostly known for Blackish and BlackAF.

Barris was born on August 9, 1974 in Inglewood, California. He has six children.

Trinkets (TV series)

Trinkets is an American web television series based on the book by Kirsten Smith.It was released on Netflix in June 2019 and was later renewed for a second and last season two.



The first season was released on Netflix on June 14, 2019. The second season was released on August 25, 2020.

Aldehuela de Periáñez

Aldehuela de Periáñez is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Alentisque

Alentisque is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Mahbubey Alam

Mahbubey Alam (17 February 1949 – 27 September 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician and lawyer. He was the Attorney General of Bangladesh from 2009 until his death in 2020. He was a senior advocate at the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. He was born in Munshiganj District, present-day Bangladesh.

Alam was hospitalized at a Dhaka hospital on 4 September 2020 with COVID-19. He died four weeks later on 27 September from the infection, aged 71.

Larry Silva

Hilarion "Larry" Cuenca Silva (October 21, 1937 – April 27, 2004), also known as Pipoy, was a Filipino comedian, movie actor, television personality, boxer and politician. He was the Vice Mayor of Manila for a short time in 1998. He started as an amateur boxer. He later appeared in many movies. He was was also elected as a member of the Manila City Council multiple times from 1995 to 2004.

Aliud

Aliud is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Almajano

Almajano is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Isko Moreno

Francisco Moreno Domagoso (born October 24, 1974), also known by his screen name Isko Moreno, is a Filipino politician and former actor. He is the 22nd Mayor of Manila since June 30, 2019. He was a candidate for President of the Philippines in the 2022 election.

Almaluez

Almaluez is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Yuri Orlov

Yuri Fyodorovich Orlov (, 13 August 1924 – 27 September 2020) was a Soviet-born Russian nuclear physicist and human rights activist. He was born in Moscow. He was a Soviet dissident.

Orlov was the founder of the Moscow Helsinki Group and a founding member of the Soviet Amnesty International group. 

He was declared a prisoner of conscience while serving nine years in prison and internal exile for monitoring the Helsinki human rights accords as a founder of the human rights movement in the Soviet Union.

After he was released and deported from the Soviet Union in 1986, Orlov settled in the United States. He became a professor of physics at Cornell University. Orlov died on 27 September 2020 in Ithaca, New York at the age of 96.

Mayor of Manila

The Mayor of Manila () is the head of government of Manila. The current mayor is Honey Lacuna Pangan since June 30, 2022.

Arsenio Cruz Herrera

Arsenio Cruz Herrera (December 14, 1863 – April 8, 1917) was a Filipino politician. He was the first Mayor of Manila from August 7, 1901 to September 18, 1905. He was also the leader of the Progresista Party from 1907 to 1914.

Almarza

Almarza is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Almazul

Almazul is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Almenar de Soria

Almenar de Soria is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Alpanseque

Alpanseque is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Arancón

Arancón is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Socastee, South Carolina

Socastee is a census-designated place (CDP) in Horry County, South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 22,213.

Click through rate

Click through rate (CTR) is a measurement used in online Advertising. Email campaigns and Search Results. Click through rate is given as a percentage. If an advertisement has a click through rate of 5%, this means out of 100 people who saw the advertisement, 5 people clicked the link and reached the target website.

Click though rate has decreased significantly over the past years. In 1994, an advertisement was placed by AT&T on the website HotWired. This is considered as the world's first digital advertisement. This ad had a CTR of 44%. This means out of 100 people who saw the ad, 44 clicked on the ad and landed on the AT&T website. In 2020 Google ads has a CTR of 3.17% meaning out of 100 people seeing the ad, only about 3 people will click and go the advertiser's website.

An email campaign is sending out emails to a large number of recipients at a time to promote a product or service. CTR in email campaigns is the number of people who clicked the link in the email and landed on the sender's website. In 2020 the average CTR for email campaigns is 2.62.

CTR is an important factor in Search Engines like Google. For a search term, Google will display 10 results. If the number of users clicking on the 2nd result is more than the number clicking on the 1st result, with time the 2nd result will move up because of it's high CTR. Similarly CTR affects the ranking of video sharing sites like YouTube.

Arcos de Jalón

Arcos de Jalón is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Arenillas

Arenillas is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Arévalo de la Sierra

Arévalo de la Sierra is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Ausejo de la Sierra

Ausejo de la Sierra is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Baraona

Baraona is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Barca, Soria

Barca is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Barcones

Barcones is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Quarkonium

In particle physics, quarkonium (pl. quarkonia) is a flavorless meson whose constituents are a heavy quark and its own antiquark, making it a neutral particle and the antiparticle of itself.

Bayubas de Abajo

Bayubas de Abajo is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Onyx (hip hop group)

Onyx is an American hip hop group. They are from Queens, a borough of New York City. The group was founded in 1988 by Fredro Starr, Suavé (also known as Sonny Seeza) and the late Big DS. The group is named after the onyx stone. 

They are best known for their song "Slam". The song is off their studio album "Bacdafucup". The album was released on March 30, 1993.

In 1994, for the album "Bacdafucup", Onyx was nominated for "Favorite New Rap/Hip-Hop Artist" at the American Music Awards. They won "Best Rap Album" at the Soul Train Music Awards. Onyx was also nominated five times at The Source Hip Hop Music Awards ceremony in 1994.

At the end of 1993, the US magazines "Billboard" and "Cashbox" placed Onyx on several of their final annual charts. In 1996, CMJ New Music Monthly placed the album "All We Got Iz Us" in their list "The 25 Best Hip-Hop Albums of 1995". In 2014, "#WakeDaFucUp" was named as one of the best hip-hop albums of 2014 by "XXL". In 2020, "SnowMads" was chosen as "The Best Rap Album of 2019: Readers' Choice" by the Russian website Rap.Ru.

Bayubas de Arriba

Bayubas de Arriba is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Pratt's tree frog

Pratt's tree frog ("Ranoidea pratti") is a tree frog from Indonesia. Scientists have only seen it on the Vogelkop Peninsula in Papua Province.

Puerto del Rosario

Puerto del Rosario is a municipality of 40,753 people (2019). It is on the island of Fuerteventura in the province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands in Spain.

Betancuria

Betancuria is a municipality of 758 people (2019). It is on the island of Fuerteventura in the province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands in Spain.

Arnedo

Arnedo is a municipality in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja in Spain.

The municipality has about 15,000 people.

NGC 1407

NGC 1407 is an elliptical galaxy in the Eridanus constellation. It is about 76 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 741

NGC 741 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 251 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 742

NGC 742 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 269 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

NGC 743

NGC 743 is an open cluster in the Cassiopeia constellation, discovered by John Herschel in 1829.

Pontiac 6000

The Pontiac 6000 is an American mid-size car produced by Pontiac of General Motors from 1982 to 1991. The 6000 is similar to the Buick Century, Chevrolet Celebrity and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera. It only lasted in one generation.

Francis M. Drake

Francis Marion Drake (30 December 1830, Rushville, Schuyler ― 20 November 1903, Centerville, Appanoose) was Iowa's 16th governor. IA with burial in Oakland Cemetery there. Married Mary Jane Lord (1833-1883). They had seven children. HIs parents were John Adams Drake 1802 Nashville Co., NC - 1880 Drakesville, Davis, IA and Harriet Jane O'Neal. Siblings of Francis M. Drake were: John Hamilton Drake 1828-1883, Nancy M. Drake 1836-1917 (married Lockman), Melissa Drake 1839-1848, Henrietta Drake 1842-1915 (married Carpenter), Marietta Drake 1850-1853, Kate Ella Drake 1853-1890 (married Lane). (Source: Find A Grave website, memorial #5024935.) On 28 March 1896 Francis Drake's daughter, Mary, christened the battleship USS Iowa.

Cleveland, Illinois

Cleveland is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Clifton, Illinois

Clifton is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Coal City, Illinois

Coal City is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Coalton, Illinois

Coalton is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare

Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is the 13th game of the "Call of Duty" video game series. It was released in November 2016. The game takes place in the future and the story has no connection with the other "Call of Duty" stories. The game features a campaign (a part of a game with a story), multiplayer, and a Zombie mode.

Hurricane Rosa (1994)

Hurricane Rosa was the only Pacific hurricane to make landfall during the 1994 Pacific hurricane season. It killed at least 4 people in Mexico. Rosa was the 18th named storm and the 10th hurricane of the 1994 Pacific hurricane season.


Shiva Ka Insaaf (1985 movie)

Shiva Ka Insaaf ("Shiva's Justice") is a 1985 movie from India. It was India's first superhero movie and the first 3D movie to be filmed in the Hindi language. The stars are Jackie Shroff, Shakti Kapoor and Poonam Dhillon.

A young boy learns how to fight and grows up into a superhero who helps people and finds the people who killed his parents. His powers come from his belief in the god Shiva.

Manawz Ashodia of "Film Keeday" named "Shiva Ka Insaaf" #8 on the top ten Indian films about people who fight crime.

This movie won a Filmfare Award for Best Sound Recordist.

Jackie Shroff's son, Tiger Shroff has said he wants to play Shiva if there is ever a remake of this movie.

Shiva Ka Insaaf

Shiva Ka Insaaf might refer to:


Coatsburg, Illinois

Coatsburg is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Coleta, Illinois

Coleta is a village in Illinois in the United States.

McCook, Illinois

McCook is a village in Illinois in the United States.

North Riverside, Illinois

North Riverside is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Beratón

Beratón is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Agostino Mario Comanducci

Agostino Mario Comanducci, also known A.M. Comanducci, (September 13 1891 – December 31 1939) was an art critic, curator and art historian from Italy. He was born in Sansepolcro and died in Milan.

He wrote several books and articles on Italian art history and artists. His most well-known books were on Italian painters, sculptors, and engravers of the 19th and 20th centuries:

Colp, Illinois

Colp is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Berlanga de Duero

Berlanga de Duero is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Concord, Illinois

Concord is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Rhabdomyolysis

Rhabdomyolysis is where damaged skeletal muscles quickly break down. The symptoms can be muscle pains, weakness, vomiting, and confusion. There can also be confusion and tea-colored urine. Rhabdomyolysis can also injure the kidneys with myoglobin.

The most common causes of Rhabdomyolysis are crush injury, strenuous exercise, medications, or drug abuse. 

During rhabdomyolysis, a protein that stores oxygen in the muscles called myoglobin is released into the blood. The kidneys filter the blood and remove the myoglobin. However, the myoglobin breaks down into other chemicals which damages the kidneys which can cause severe injury or even death.

Duck, duck, goose

Duck, duck, goose is a traditional game, three teams play outdoors. The idea of the game is simple: Everyone sits in a circle and chooses a person who, with a handkerchief in his hand, walks behind the back of the other participants while a song is played. Before the end of the song, the person walking around should throw a handkerchief on someone's back and quickly surround the other participants to take their place. During this time, the person for whom the handkerchief was thrown should get up quickly and catch the person running. If she fails, she takes the handkerchief and goes around the circle and then the cycle repeats.

A simpler adaptation includes 1 group of people in a circle sitting down. 1 person walks around the circle one by one tapping people on the top of their head stating either duck or goose. If duck was said that person stays sitting, if goose is called the person who had their head tapped as goose was said stands up and attempts to catch the person walking. The person walking then starts running attempting to reach the spot that the sitting person once sat at and sit down in that spot. If the person walking manages to sit where the person was sitting before the person they called goose on catches them, they become a sitter and the person that was called goose becomes the new person walking around the circle. If the person called goose catches the person that called goose on them, they return to where they were sitting and the person caught stays as the person walking around the circle. Once the new person (including the same person) has been chosen the cycle repeats until every person has been goose at least once.

The Notebook

The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama movie directed by Nick Cassavetes. It was written by Jeremy Leven and Jan Sardi. It is based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks. 

The movie stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love in the 1940s. The movie also stars James Garner, Gena Rowlands, James Marsden, Sam Shepard, Joan Allen and David Thornton.

"The Notebook" received generally mixed reviews. It has become popular after years it was released. 

Ground (cricket)

The word "ground" in cricket can mean:


A cricket ground is the area where cricket is played and the nearby areas. The Sydney Cricket Ground and Melbourne Cricket Ground are examples.

The two batsmens' grounds are the safe zones which batters run between to score points, with the risk of being out when they are not in them. One ground is at the striker's end, while the other ground is at the bowler's end, with a wicket being in each ground.

A run out or stumping can only happen if the wicket that was put down (hit with the ball) is in a ground which no batsman is in.


To score a run, there must be one batsman in each ground, and they must swap grounds.

Sing (2016 American movie)

Sing is an American computer-animated music movie. The movie was produced by Illumination Entertainment. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Seth MacFarlane, Scarlett Johansson, Nick Kroll, John C. Reilly, Taron Egerton, and Tori Kelly. It was released on September 11, 2016.



Nick Cassavetes

Nicholas David Rowland Cassavetes (born May 21, 1959) is an American actor, director, and writer. He was born in New York City. He was known for directing the 2004 romantic drama "The Notebook". His parents were Gena Rowlands and John Cassavetes.


David Thornton (actor)

David Farrington Thornton (born June 12, 1953) is an American actor. He has appeared in "John Q", "Home Alone 3", "Law & Order", "The Notebook", and "The Other Woman".

He is the husband of Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper.

Nicholas Sparks

Nicholas Charles Sparks (born December 31, 1965) is an American novelist, screenwriter, and philanthropist. He has published twenty one novels and two non-fiction books, all of which have been "The New York Times" bestsellers list. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He is known for writing "The Notebook" which eventually became a movie in 2004.

Gibbon, Nebraska

Gibbon is a city in Buffalo County, Nebraska, United States. It is part of the Kearney, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,878 at the 2020 census.

Jessica Rothe

Jessica Ann Rothenberg (born May 28, 1987), known professionally as Jessica Rothe (), is an American actress. She is best known for her role in the MTV television series "Mary + Jane" (2016) and for her lead role as Tree Gelbman in the slasher movie "Happy Death Day" (2017) and its 2019 sequel"." 

Newbury, Vermont

Newbury could be either of the following places in the U.S. state of Vermont:


Newbury (town), Vermont

Newbury is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States. The population was 2,293 at the 2020 census.

Newbury (village), Vermont

Newbury is an incorporated village in the town of Newbury in Orange County, Vermont, United States. The population was 447 at the 2020 census.

Happy Death Day

Happy Death Day is a 2017 American black comedy slasher movie directed by Christopher Landon, and written by Scott Lobdell. It stars Jessica Rothe and Israel Broussard. The movie was produced by Jason Blum.

It is about a college girl who is murdered on her birthday and begins to relive the day repeatedly, at which point she sets out to find the killer and stop her death.

The movie was released on October 13, 2017, by Universal Pictures.

A sequel, "Happy Death Day 2U", was released on February 13, 2019.

Happy Death Day 2U

Happy Death Day 2U is a 2019 American science fiction black comedy slasher movie written and directed by Christopher Landon. It stars Jessica Rothe, Israel Broussard, Suraj Sharma, and Steve Zissis.

The movie is a sequel to 2017's "Happy Death Day", with Jason Blum.

The movie was released in the United States on February 13, 2019, by Universal Pictures. It received generally positive reviews from critics.

Jason Blum

Jason Ferus Blum (; born February 20, 1969) is an American movie and television producer. He is the founder and CEO of Blumhouse Productions.

Jim Owens (baseball)

James Philip Owens (January 16, 1934 – September 8, 2020), nicknamed "Bear", was an American professional baseball right-handed pitcher and pitching coach. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) between and for the Philadelphia Phillies, Cincinnati Reds and Houston Astros. He was born in McKean County, Pennsylvania.

Owens died on September 8, 2020 in Houston, Texas at the age of 86.


Talat Basari

Tal'at Bassari (, 1923 – 18 September 2020), was an Iranian Bahai poet, feminist, academic, and writer. She was born in Babol, Iran. 

In 1967, she had also published a biography on Zandokht Shirazi, a pioneer in the feminist movement in Iran.

She also worked on the editorial board of the New Jersey-based magazine, Persian Heritage. She identified as Bahai. Bassari also assisted in books on the life of the influential Persian Bahai poet Táhirih.

Basari died on 18 September 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 97.

Yutakayama Hiromitsu

After his retirement in 1981 he became an elder of the Japan Sumo Association, and founded the Minato stable which he led from 1982 until 2010. 

Hiromitsu died of pancreatic cancer on 19 September 2020, aged 72.

Macaroni (movie)

Macaroni is a 1985 Italian comedy-drama movie directed by Ettore Scola and starring Jack Lemmon, Marcello Mastroianni, Daria Nicolodi, Isa Danieli, Marc Berman, Patrizia Sacchi, Bruno Esposito.

The Couch Trip

The Couch Trip is a 1988 American comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Dan Aykroyd, Walter Matthau, Charles Grodin, Donna Dixon, Richard Romanus, Mary Gross, David Clennon, Chevy Chase. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was a box office failure.

Plymouth Belvedere

The Plymouth Belvedere is an American car made by Chrysler from 1954 to 1970. 

It is a full-size from 1954 to 1964 and a mid-size 1965 to 1970.

A red and white 1958 Belvedere was famous for the movie Christine.

Cadillac Brougham

The Cadillac Brougham was a full-size luxury car made by Cadillac of General Motors from 1987 to 1992.

It preceded the 1977-1986 Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham and was succeeded by the 1993-1996 Cadillac Fleetwood.

Kiwi Farms

Kiwi Farms, formerly known as CWCki Forums, is an American Internet forum for discussion and harassment about online people and communities it deems "lolcows" (people who can be “milked for laughs”).

The site has been part of many controversies like hosting the video of the Christchurch mosque shootings and for being linked to three suicides. 

The site launched with the name "CWCki Forums" in 2013, as a place to troll and harrass a webcomic artist first noticed in 2007 on the "Something Awful" forums. 

The site's new name "Kiwi Farms", was coined in 2014. It now hosts threads targeting many individuals, including minorities, women, LGBT people, neurodivergent people, people considered by Kiwi Farms users to be mentally ill or sexually deviant, feminists, journalists, Internet celebrities, video game or comics hobbyists, and far-right personalities. 

In 2022, Cloudflare removed it from their DDoS protection due to an online campaign started by one of the site's victims. The site came back online after it switched to other DDoS protection providers, though various Internet service providers blocked access to it. It was later were able to come back online by switching to another Internet service provider. The site has since been sporadically online.


House Calls (movie)

House Calls is a 1978 American comedy movie directed by Howard Zieff and starring Walter Matthau, Glenda Jackson, Richard Benjamin, Art Carney, Candice Azzara, Dick O'Neill. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was spun off into a television series in 1979.

Night on Earth (movie)

Night on Earth is a 1991 American French British German Finnish Japanese comedy movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Winona Ryder, Gena Rowlands, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Rosie Perez, Roberto Benigni, Paolo Bonacelli, Matti Pellonpää, Béatrice Dalle. It was distributed by Fine Line Features.


The Platform (movie)

The Platform (, ) is a 2019 Spanish science fiction-horror movie. It is directed by Galder Gaztelu-Urrutia. The movie is set in a vertical prison, in which the food for the prisoners is taken down on a lowering platform, leaving the prisoners on the lower levels to get the leftovers.

The movie's cast includes Iván Massagué, Antonia San Juan, Zorion Eguileor, Emilio Buale and Alexandra Masangkay.

"The Platform" was first shown on 6 September 2019 at the Toronto International Film Festival. It was released on Netflix on 20 March 2020.

Galder Gaztelu-Urrutia

Galder Gaztelu-Urrutia (born 1974) is a Spanish director and producer. He is best known for his first feature movie, 2019's "The Platform" (, ). He has also directed many television advertisements. 

Gaztelu-Urrutia was born in Bilbao, Basque Country.

Iván Massagué

Iván Massagué Horta (born 4 September 1976) is a Spanish actor. He is best known worldwide for his role as Goreng in the movie "The Platform" (2019). He has appeared in many television shows such as "7 vidas", "La familia Mata", "El barco" and "Gym Tony". His other movie credits include "Pan's Labyrinth" (2006) and "Pancho, el perro millonario" (2014).

Massagué was born in Barcelona, Catalonia.

Antonia San Juan

Antonia San Juan Fernández (born 22 May 1961) is a Spanish actress, director and screenwriter. She is best known for her roles as Agrado in comedy-drama movie "All About My Mother" (1999) and Imoguiri in the science ficiton-horror movie "The Platform" (2019). She has also appeared in television shows such as "La que se avecina" and "Gym Tony".

San Juan was born in Las Palmas, Canary Islands. She was married to actor Luis Miguel Seguí from 2009 to 2015. She is an atheist.


Dick Nemelka

Richard Samuel Nemelka (October 1, 1943 – September 19, 2020) was an American professional basketball player for the American Basketball Association (ABA). He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

As a college player, he earned All-American honor at Brigham Young University (BYU). He played for the Utah Stars between 1970 to 1971. 

Nemelka died on September 19, 2020 in Salt Lake City from cancer, aged 76.

Li Dongying

Li Dongying (; December 14, 1920 - September 22, 2020) was a Chinese metallurgist. He was one of the founders of China's rare metal industry. He was born in Beijing. In December 1980, he co-founded the Chinese Society of Rare Earths (CSRE) in Beijing. In 1995, he was a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.

On September 22, 2020, Li died in Beijing at the age of 99.

Zorion Eguileor

Zorion Eguileor (born 15 March 1946) is a Spanish actor, singer and broadcaster. He is best known worldwide for his role as Trimagasi in the movie "The Platform" (2019). His television credits include "Qué grande es el teatro", "Cuéntame cómo pasó", "Mi querido Klikowsky", "La que se avecina", "El tiempo entre costuras" and "Estoy vivo".

Eguileor was born in Mundaka, Basque Country.

Yvette Alloo

Yvette Alloo (21 June 1930 – 23 September 2020) was a Belgian Paralympic table tennis player. She was the first Belgian to win a gold medal at a Paralympic Games. She was born in Brussels, Belgium.

Alloo died on 23 September 2020 in Brussels, aged 90.

Emilio Buale

Ludwig Emilio Buale Coka (born 26 November 1972) is an Equatoguinean-born Spanish actor. He is best known worldwide for his role as Baharat in the movie "The Platform" (2019). He is also known for roles in "Bwana" and "La que se avecina".

Buale was born in Equatorial Guinea and is a Bubi. He moved to Spain at the age of six.

Eric Bransby

Eric James Bransby (October 25, 1916 – September 23, 2020) was an American artist and muralist. He studied and made murals in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He taught at Yale University, Brigham Young University, and University of Missouri-Kansas City. Bransby was born in Auburn, New York. 

He turned 100 in October 2016 and died in September 2020 at the age of 103.

Renzo Eusebi

Renzo Eusebi (born 18 April 1946 in Montalto delle Marche) is an Italian painter, sculptor of contemporary art. He is co-founder of the artistic movements of Transvisionismo (1995) and GAD (Dialectical Aniconism Group-1997). 





Colette Giudicelli

Colette Giudicelli (24 November 1943 – 24 September 2020) was a French politician. She was a member of the Senate of France from 2008 until her death. She represented the Alpes-Maritimes department. Giudicelli was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement party and later of The Republicans.

She began her political career as city councillor of Menton in 1989. Giudicelli was married to Jean-Claude Guibal, mayor of Menton. 

Giudicelli died on 24 September 2020, at the age of 76.

Jean-Claude Guibal

Jean-Claude Guibal (13 January 1941 – 25 October 2021) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the 4th constituency of the Alpes-Maritimes department. He was a member of The Republicans. In 1989, he became Mayor of Menton.

Guibal was married to Colette Giudicelli until her death. He died on 25 October 2021 in Menton from a heart attack, aged 80.

Antonio Servillo

Antonio Servillo (born 12 November 1964 in Padua) is an Italian surrealist painter of contemporary art.




Bhutanese animation

Bhutanese animation is animation from Bhutan. It is mostly used to make people aware of relevant social issues, economical issues and political issues or to promote Bhutanese culture. Bhutanese animators and clients believe using animation for public awareness is more effective than brochures and pamphlets. For example, "Ap Naka" was made to tell people about earthquakes.

The Bhutanese animation industry is quite new. Pema Tshering D made the first Bhutanese 3D-animated film, which came out in 2001. His first animation was of a beetle dancing, and his first public awareness animation is "Oye Penjor", which is about AIDS. It took about three months to make, was the first Bhutanese 3D animation, and was made with Druk Vision Studio, which he owns. In 2005, KLK anImagine and Druk Vision Studio, which are major animation studios in Bhutan, were started. KLK anImagine is owned by Kinga Sithup. The first Bhutanese 2D animation is an awareness campaign about rubella that was made by KLK anImagine. It is common for Bhutanese animators to split 10 frames into 25 frames or to animate in 24 frames per second. By 2008, Druk Vision Studio had made about 7 animated films, and KLK anImagine had made about 20 animated films.

The first Bhutanese full-length 3D-animated film is "Ap Bokto", which first came out in September 2014. Ap Bokto was made by Athang Animation Studio, which was started in 2010.


Guitar Crusher

Sidney Selby (July 28, 1931 – September 23, 2020), known as "Guitar Crusher" and formerly as "Bone Crusher", was an American blues singer and guitarist. He was known as "The Big Voice from New York". He also played guitar and blues harmonica. Selby was born in Hyde County, North Carolina. He also toured with artists such as Ben E. King, The Drifters and The Isley Brothers.

The rapper Desiigner is his grandson.

Selby died on September 23, 2020 at the age of 89.

Laurie Smith Camp

Laurie Smith Camp (November 28, 1953 – September 23, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. In 2001, she was nominated as a Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska by President George W. Bush. Camp was born in Omaha, Nebraska. From 2011 to 2018, she became Chief Justice. 

Camp died suddenly on September 23, 2020 in Omaha at the age of 66.

Goodpasture syndrome

Goodpasture syndrome (GPS), also known as anti-glomerular basement membrane disease, is a rare autoimmune disease in which antibodies attack the basement membrane in lungs and kidneys. This causes bleeding from the lungs and kidney failure. 

Goodpasture syndrome may quickly result in permanent lung and kidney damage, often leading to death. 

Robert Bechtle

Robert Bechtle (May 14, 1932 – September 24, 2020) was an American painter. He lived nearly all his life in the San Francisco Bay Area. His art focused on scenes from everyday local life in San Francisco. Bechtle was born in San Francisco. 

Bechtle was represented by the Barbara Gladstone Gallery in New York City, and Gallery Paule Anglim in San Francisco.

From 1956 to 1966 he taught at the University of California, Berkeley and from 1967 to 1968 at the University of California, Davis. From 1968 he taught at San Francisco State University and lived in San Francisco's Potrero Hill neighborhood. 

Bechtle died of Lewy body dementia in Berkeley, California on September 24, 2020 at the age of 88.

Antonello Spadafora

Antonello Spadafora (born 13 June 1979 in Paola, Calabria) is an Italian painter of contemporary art.




Max Merritt

Maxwell James Merritt (30 April 1941 – 24 September 2020) was a New Zealand-born singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was known as an interpreter of soul music and R&B. 

As leader of Max Merritt & The Meteors his best known hits are "Slippin' Away", which reached No. 2 on the 1976 Australian singles charts, and "Hey, Western Union Man" which reached No. 13. Merritt rose to prominence in New Zealand from 1958 and relocated to Sydney, Australia, in December 1964.

In 2008, he was hospitalized with kidney failure and was diagnosed with godpasture syndrome. Merritt died from the disease on 24 September 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 79.

Paul Pettit

George William Paul Pettit (November 29, 1931 – September 24, 2020) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1951 and 1953. Pettit was born in Los Angeles, California.

Pettit died on September 24, 2020 in Canyon Lake, California at the age of 88.

Canyon Lake, California

Canyon Lake is a city and gated community on Canyon Lake reservoir, located in the Inland Empire, Riverside County, California, United States.

Anwara Taimur

Syeda Anwara Taimur (24 November 1936 – 28 September 2020) was an Indian politician. She was Chief Minister of Assam from 6 December 1980 to 30 June 1981. She was a leader of the Indian National Congress.

Taimur died in Australia from cardiac arrest on 28 September 2020 at the age of 83.

Juan Carlos Guerra Zunzunegui

Juan Carlos Guerra Zunzunegui (1 February 1935 – 28 September 2020) was a Spanish politician and lawyer. Guerra Zunzunegui was born in Madrid. He was a member of the People's Party. From 1977 to 1986, he was a member of the Senate. Between 1986 to 2008, he was in the Congress of Deputies.

Guerra Zunzunegui died on 28 September 2020 in Madrid, aged 85.

2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war

The 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war was a war between the Azerbaijani Armed Forces and the allied Artsakh Defence Army and Armed Forces of Armenia in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh. This is the most recent event during the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. 

The clashes began on the morning of 27 September 2020 along the Nagorno-Karabakh Line of Contact. Both sides reported military and civilian casualties. In response to the clashes, Armenia and the Republic of Artsakh placed curfews, martial law and total mobilization, while Azerbaijan introduced martial law and a curfew. 

On 28 September partial mobilization was declared in Azerbaijan.

On 10 October, both Armenia and Azerbaijan agreed to a ceasefire, the stopping of any military action, for a short time.

On 9 November, with the help of Russian President Vladimir Putin, both Armenia and Azerbaijan signed a ceasefire agreement in Moscow, ending the war the next day. Under the agreement, Azerbaijan kept not only the territory it won during the war, all the territories still controlled by Armenians outside the Nagorno-Karabakh region, were given by Putin to Azerbaijani control. In the rest of Nagorno-Karabakh, which are controlled by Armenians, Russian peacekeepers have been stationed for a period of five years. Under the agreement, when the five year term ends on 9 November 2025, the peacekeeping mission of Russia can be renewed for another five years or ended if Azerbaijan or Armenia do not want it to continue.

John Waddy (British Army officer)

Colonel John Llewellyn Waddy OBE (17 June 1920 – 27 September 2020) was a British Army officer. He was born in Taunton, Somerset, England. He was in World War II, Palestine and the Malayan Emergency before becoming Colonel of the SAS. 

Waddy died on 27 September 2020, aged 100.

Hamida Banu Begum

Hamida Banu Begum was one of the wives of the second mughal emperor Humayun. She was also the mother of the third mughal emperor Akbar. Hamida Banu Begum is popularly known by the title name Maryam Makani which means ‘epitome of innocence’ given by her son, Akbar. 

Hamida met Humayun at the age of 14. Initially, she opposed to marry Humayun when she got the proposal of marriage with Humayun, but later she agreed. Humayun was already married to Bega Begum, so she was his second wife. Bega Begum was also the chief consort of Humayun that time.

On 15th October 1542, she gave birth to the future emperor Akbar. 

She was buried in the Humayun’s Tomb after her death on 29th August 1604 by son Akbar. Her husband Humayun had died a century ago before her death whereas her son Akbar died the next year after her death.

Kevin Burns

Kevin Burns (June 18, 1955September 27, 2020) was an American television and movie producer, director, and screenwriter. He was born in Schenectady, New York. He produced the 2006 disaster movie "Poseidon" and History Channel's "Ancient Aliens".

His work can be seen on A&E, National Geographic Channel, E!, Animal Planet, AMC, Bravo, WE tv, Travel Channel, Lifetime, and The History Channel. 

Burns created and executive-produced more than 800 hours of television programming.

Burns died on September 27, 2020 from cardiac arrest at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, aged 65.

Frans Derks

Frans Derks (1 November 1930 – 25 September 2020) was a Dutch football referee and sports executive. He was born in Vaals, Netherlands. He was Chairman of FC Dordrecht. From 1956 to 1978, he was a referee for Eredivisie.

Derks died of a short-illness on 25 September 2020 in Breda, Netherlands at the age of 89.

Peter Hampton

Peter John Hampton (12 September 195425 September 2020) was an English footballer. He played as a left back in the Football League for Leeds United, Stoke City, Burnley, Rochdale and Carlisle United. His career began in 1972 and he retired in 1988. Hampton was born in Oldham, Greater Manchester.

Hampton died on 25 September 2020 in Cyprus at the age of 66.

Viktor Panin

Viktor Yevgenievich Panin (; 10 November 1930 – 25 September 2020) was a Soviet and Russian physicist and professor. He was an advisor of the Russian Academy of Sciences. He was an expert in the fields of solid mechanics, plastic deformation and physical materials. Panin was born in Semey, then-Soviet Union.

Panin died on 25 September 2020 in Tomsk, Russia at the age of 89.

Erik Bartnes

Erik Bartnes (27 November 1939 – 26 September 2020) was a Norwegian farmer and politician. He was a member of the Centre Party. He was from Beitstad in Steinkjer.

He has worked in the Norwegian Agrarian Association. He was mayor of Steinkjer. In 2003, he became county mayor of Nord-Trøndelag. 

He was a board member of the Regional Development Fund.

Bartnes died on 26 September 2020, aged 80.

Isher Judge Ahluwalia

Isher Judge Ahluwalia (1 October 194526 September 2020) was an Indian economist, public policy researcher, and professor. She was Chairperson Emeritus, Board of Governors, at the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations (ICRIER).

She also was the chairperson of the board of the International Food Policy Research Institute, and the chairperson of the Government of India's High-Powered Committee on Urban Infrastructure Services. She was awarded India's third highest civilian award, Padma Bhushan in 2009.

She was married to Montek Singh Ahluwalia.

Ahluwalia died of glioblastoma on 26 September 2020 at a hospital in Mumbai, aged 74.

Dai Yuanben

Dai Yuanben (; July 31, 1928 – September 26, 2020) was a Chinese physicist. He was a member of the 7th, 8th and 9th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. He was born in Nanjing, China. In 1980, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. 

Dai died on September 26, 2020 in Beijing at the age of 92. 

Moshe Efrati

Moshe Efrati (1934 – 26 September 2020) was an Israeli choreographer. He was the founder and artistic director of the Kol Demama Dance Company, based in Tel Aviv. In 1996, he was honored with the Israel Prize. Efrati was born in Tel Aviv.

Efrati died on 26 September 2020 at the age of 86.

Israel Prize

The Israel Prize (; "pras israél") is an award handed out by the State of Israel and regarded as the state's highest cultural honor.

Abdul Mahdi Hadi

Abdul Mahdi Hadi (, 26 February 1946 – 26 September 2020) was an Iraqi coach and international football player. He also played for Al-Minaa from 1966 to 1978. He played for the national team in 1970. He was born in Basra, Iraq.

Hadi died on 26 September 2020 in Basra from COVID-19 at the age of 74.


The Affairs of Martha

The Affairs of Martha, also known as Once Upon a Thursday, is a 1942 American romantic comedy movie directed by Jules Dassin and starring Marsha Hunt, Frances Duke, Richard Carlson, Marjorie Main, Virginia Weidler, Allyn Joslyn, Melville Cooper. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Jay Johnstone

John William Johnstone Jr. (November 20, 1945 – September 26, 2020) was an American professional baseball player and television sports announcer. He was born in Manchester, Connecticut.

He played in Major League Baseball as an outfielder from 1966 to 1985 for the California Angels, Chicago White Sox, Oakland Athletics, Philadelphia Phillies, New York Yankees, San Diego Padres, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Chicago Cubs.

Johnstone died on September 26, 2020 from dementia and COVID-19 in Los Angeles, aged 74.

Leo Sugar

Leo Tateusz Sugar (April 6, 1929 – September 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals/St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Eagles, and the Detroit Lions. He went to two Pro Bowls during his nine-year career. 

Sugar played college football at Purdue University. He was born in Flint, Michigan.

Sugar died in Fort Myers, Florida in September 2020 at the age of 91.

Denis Tillinac

Denis Tillinac (26 May 1947 – 26 September 2020) was a French writer and journalist. He was born in Paris. He wrote a weekly column in "Valeurs actuelles". He was a close friend to President Jacques Chirac.

He was a Catholic and wrote books about the Catholic origins of France.

Tillinac died on 26 September 2020 at the age of 73.

Suzanne Tremblay

Suzanne Tremblay (; January 24, 1937 – September 26, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Montreal. He was a Bloc Québécois member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 2004. In 1997, she was Opposition House Leader for a short time.

Tremblay died on September 26, 2020 in Rimouski, Quebec from cancer, aged 83.

Sune Wehlin

Sune Wehlin (12 January 1923 – 21 September 2020) was a Swedish modern pentathlete. He was born in Stockholm. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Wehlin died on 21 September 2020 in Stockholm, aged 97.

Conrad Roland

Conrad Roland (born Konrad Roland Lehmann; 1934 – 26 September 2020) was a German architect. He was an important person in the construction of spacenets (tensile structures), which primarily are to be found as rope climbing frames on playgrounds. 

In 1978 he designed and constructed the biggest spacenet of the world until today, the Super Four Mast Spacenet, for the Federal Horticultural Show (BUGA).

He studied architecture in Chicago. Roland died on 26 September 2020, aged 86.

Jeannette Charles

Jeannette Charles (born 15 October 1927) is an English actress. She is known for playing Queen Elizabeth II in many television shows and movies. She played the Queen in "Secrets of a Superstud" (1976), "Queen Kong" (1976), "All You Need Is Cash" (1978), "National Lampoon's European Vacation" (1985), "" (1988) and "Austin Powers in Goldmember" (2002).

Arthur Leonard Schawlow

Arthur Leonard Schawlow (May 5, 1921 – April 28, 1999) was an American physicist. He was the co-inventor of the laser with Charles Townes. He shared the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physics with Nicolaas Bloembergen and Kai Siegbahn for his work using lasers to determine atomic energy levels with great precision.

Kai Siegbahn

Kai Manne Börje Siegbahn (20 April 1918 – 20 July 2007) was a Swedish physicist. He won the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physics with Arthur Leonard Schawlow and Nicolaas Bloembergen. He was known for his works in high-resolution electron spectroscopy.

Nick Mourouzis

Nick Mourouzis (April 16, 1937 – September 16, 2020) was an American football player and coach. He was the head football coach at DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana from 1981 to 2003. He had a winning record of 133–82–4. As a college football player, Mourouzis was a starting quarterback at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. Mourouzis was born in New Philadelphia, Ohio.

Mourouzis died on September 16, 2020 from COVID-19 in Greencastle, Indiana at the age of 83.

DePauw University

DePauw University is a private university in Greencastle, Indiana. It has an enrollment of 1,972 students. The school has a Methodist heritage. It was originally known as Indiana Asbury University. The Society of Professional Journalists was founded at DePauw.

Ripley, Tennessee

Ripley is a city in Lauderdale County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 7,800 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Lauderdale County. 

Chuck E. Cheese in the Galaxy 5000

Chuck E. Cheese in the Galaxy 5000 is a 1999 direct-to-video movie that is based upon Chuck E. Cheese. It was released October 5, 1999 in CEC restaurants and Target stores.

The plot is that a boy named Charlie Rockit needs $50,000 to fix his aunt and uncle's tractor engine, so Chuck E. Cheese and his friends go to the Galaxy 5000 to win it in a race.


Alba Baptista

Alba Baptista is a Portuguese actress. She is best known for featuring as Ava in Netflix’s Warrior nun which premiered in 2020. 

On September 9, 2023, Baptista married actor Chris Evans.

Alphen-Chaam

Alphen-Chaam is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 10,149 people lived there.

Blacos

Blacos is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Bliecos

Bliecos is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Borjabad

Borjabad is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Borobia

Borobia is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Buberos

Buberos is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Buitrago

Buitrago is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Belmont, New York

Belmont is a village in the U.S. state of New York. It is the county seat of Allegany County.

Clinton, Tennessee

Clinton is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Anderson County.

Idalou, Texas

Idalou is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Siena Agudong

Siena Agudong (born August 19, 2004) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in the Nickelodeon series "Star Falls", the Netflix series "No Good Nick", the movie "Alex & Me", and the Disney Channel Original Movie "Upside-Down Magic." Siena Agudong can fly with cardboard wings behind the scenes.

Growling grass frog

The growling grass frog, green and gold frog, blue-thighed tree frog, southern bell frog, warty bell frog or green and golden frog ("Ranoidea raniformis") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in South Australia, New South Wales and Victoria. It also lives in Tasmania. It lives in New Zealand as an invasive specie.

When people see this frog, it is usually sitting on plants near ponds, dams or other bodies of water that do not dry up. It sometimes hides under logs. Sometimes the tadpoles become frogs in the fall and sometimes they stay tadpoles through the winter and become frogs in the spring.

Scientists are not sure why this frog is endangered. It could be because there is more ultraviolet radiation than there used to be. It could be because invasive species, for example the eastern mosquitofish, eat its eggs and tadpoles. This frog can also catch the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

List of prime ministers of Kuwait

The Prime Minister of Kuwait is the head of government of Kuwait. As the third most powerful official in the country, following the Emir of Kuwait and Speaker of the National Assembly, the prime minister leads the executive branch of the Government of Kuwait.

List of the Prime Ministers of Kuwait:

Sabah Al-Khalid Al-Sabah

Sabah Al Khalid Al Sabah (born 3 March 1953) is a Kuwaiti diplomat and politician. In November 2019, he became the Prime Minister of Kuwait. He was Prime Minister until 24 July 2022.

Nasser Al-Mohammed Al-Sabah

Nasser Mohammed Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah (, born 22 December 1940) is a Kuwaiti politician. He was Prime Minister of Kuwait from 7 February 2006 until resigning on 28 November 2011. He is the first prime minister to date that never became ruler or even crown prince.

Emir of Kuwait

The Emir of the State of Kuwait is the monarch and head of state of Kuwait. It is the most powerful position in the country. The emirs of Kuwait are members of the Al-Sabah dynasty.

The most recent emir, Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, died on 16 December 2023. Crown Prince Mishal Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah took over as emir.

2006 Mumbai train bombings

The 2006 Mumbai train bombings were a series of seven bomb blasts on 11 July. They took place over a period of 11 minutes on the Suburban Railway in Mumbai, the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra. The bombs were set off in pressure cookers on trains plying on the Western Line Suburban Section of the Mumbai Division of Western Railway. The blasts killed 209 people and injured over 700 others.

National Technical University of Athens

The National (Metsovian) Technical University of Athens (NTUA; , "National Metsovian Polytechnic"), sometimes known as Athens Polytechnic, is among the oldest higher education institutions of Greece. It is also one of the best engineering schools in the country and the world.

It was founded in 1837.

Whitney Able

Whitney Able is an American actor and model. She is best known for her roles in "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane" and "Monsters."

The Providence Journal

The Providence Journal, also known as the ProJo, is a daily newspaper for Providence, Rhode Island, and is the largest newspaper in Rhode Island. The newspaper was first published in 1829. The newspaper has won four Pulitzer Prizes.

The "Journal" calls itself as "America's oldest daily newspaper in continuous publication".

Anastrophe

Anastrophe (from the Greek: ἀναστροφή, anastrophē, "a turning back or about") is a figure of speech in which the normal word order of the subject, the verb, and the object is changed. For example, subject–verb–object ("I like potatoes") might be changed to object–subject–verb ("potatoes I like").

One of the most well-known characters who speaks in anastrophe is Yoda from the "Star Wars" films. When he wants to state that failure is the best teacher, he says “The greatest teacher, failure is.” 

Rise of the Guardians

Rise of the Guardians is a 2012 American computer animated movie produced by DreamWorks Animation for Paramount Pictures. It stars Chris Pine, Alec Baldwin, Jude Law, Isla Fisher, and Hugh Jackman. It was released on October 10, 2012.


Leeuwarderadeel

Leeuwarderadeel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2018, it has been part of the municipality of Leeuwarden.

Ferwerderadiel

Ferwerderadiel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân.

Kollumerland en Nieuwkruisland

Kollumerland en Nieuwkruisland () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân.

Ooststellingwerf

Ooststellingwerf is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 25,497 people lived there.

Opsterland

Opsterland () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 29,723 people lived there.

Ghede Nibo

Ghede Nibo is a loa who is leader of the spirits of the dead in Voodoo. Formerly human, Ghede Nibo was a handsome young man who was killed violently. After death, he was adopted as a loa by Baron Samedi and Maman Brigitte. 

Ghede Nibo is a Rada spirit, considered a great healer. He is seen carrying a bottle of white rum infused with medicinal herbs. Often he also smokes a cigar. Nibo is the special patron of those who die young.
Purple is considered his sacred color, and usual offerings include black goats, black roosters, cigars, coconut and white rum spiced with African bird pepper.


Smallingerland

Smallingerland () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 55,938 people lived there.

Tytsjerksteradiel

Tytsjerksteradiel () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 31,780 people lived there.

Weststellingwerf

Weststellingwerf is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 25,840 people lived there.

Giessenlanden

Giessenlanden is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Molenlanden.

Alblasserdam

Alblasserdam is a municipality and town in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. About 20,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies on the east bank of the Noord river in the Alblasserwaard region.


Liza Soberano

Hope Elizabeth "Liza" Soberano (born January 4, 1998) is a Filipina-American actress and model. She started acting in a range of television series and movies, including "Wansapanataym" (2011), "Kung Ako'y Iiwan Mo" (2012), "She's the One" (2013), "Must Be... Love"(2013). She rose to fame after playing the main role in the romantic comedy television series "Forevermore" (2014–2015) with Enrique Gil. She has since paired with Gil in the movies "Just The Way You Are" (2015), "Everyday I Love You" (2015), "My Ex and Whys" (2017), "Alone/Together" (2019) and the television series "Dolce Amore" (2016), "Bagani" (2018) and "Make It with You" (2020).

Soberano is a Roman Catholic.

Cooksville, Illinois

Cooksville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Downs, Illinois

Downs is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Farmersville, Illinois

Farmersville is a village in Illinois in the United States. 

Edgerton, Wyoming

Edgerton is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Evansville, Wyoming

Evansville is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Midwest, Wyoming

Midwest is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Enrique Gil

Enrique Mari Bacay Gil V (born 30 March 1992) is a Filipino actor, dancer, model, and singer. Gil has appeared in a number of movies and television shows such as "Mula Sa Puso", "Budoy", "Muling Buksan Ang Puso" and "She's the One". He is best known for playing Alexander "Xander" Grande III in the television series "Forevermore" in 2014–15, with Liza Soberano. Since then, he has starred in the movies "Just The Way You Are" (2015), "Everyday I Love You" (2015), "Dukot" (2016), "My Ex and Whys" (2017), "Seven Sundays" (2017), and "Alone/Together"; (2019) and the television series "Dolce Amore" (2016) "Bagani" (2018), and "Make It with You" (2020).

Heparin

Heparin is an anticoagulant (substance that stops blood clots) discovered by Jay McLean and William Henry Howell. It is generally injected under the skin or into veins. As of now it seems safe to use on pregnant people. It is identified as a glycosaminoglycan (long polysaccharide (the stuff that cells are made of) chains consisting of long repeating disaccharide chains.

The discoverers first extracted heparin from the guts of animals such as turkey, atlantic salmon, mice, and even humans. The specimen of choice is a fresh, nonhemolyzed (intact red blood cells is broken) plasma anticoagulated by fluorides. Overdose can cause heparin-caused thrombocytopenia, a condition where white blood cells attack platelets (the stuff in your blood that heal wounds), causing a slowed heal time, bad breakdown of tissue in the leg, heart infections, and strokes, none of which will be benign.

Heparin is rated one of the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, showing its value and popularity and rate of success.

Haley Tju

Haley Alexandra Tju (born February 15, 2001) is an American actor. She is known for her role as Pepper in the Nickelodeon television show "Bella and the Bulldogs".

Morris dance

The Morris Dance is an English folk dance.

The earliest known English written mention of Morris dance is dated to 1448. It records the payment of seven shillings to Morris dancers by the Goldsmiths' Company in London.

The dance is done by a group of dancers wearing bells on their shins or shoes.

People danced this dance in their homes until it became a well known folk dance.

Tadeusz Szelachowski

Tadeusz Szelachowski (7 April 1932 – 9 September 2020) was a Polish physician and politician. He was born in Sielachowskie, Poland. From 1981 to 1985, he was Minister of Health. Between 1985 to 1989, he was a member of Sejm. 

Szelachowski died on 9 September 2020 in Warsaw, aged 88.

Sheldon Gomes

Sheldon Anthony Gomes (18 October 1950 – 15 September 2020) was a cricketer. He played first-class and List A cricket for Trinidad and Tobago and other Trinidad teams from 1969 to 1983. That was also his most prolific first-class season, with 633 runs at an average of 70.33 and three centuries.

Gomes died in Las Vegas, Nevada, on 15 September 2020 at the age of 69.

James &quot;T&quot; Jones

James Carroll "T" Jones (January 10, 1931 – September 15, 2020) was an American football player, coach and athletic director. He was the starting quarterback of the Texas Longhorns in 1951–52. He was the athletic director at Texas Tech University from 1985 to 1993. Jones was born in Childress, Texas.

Jones died on September 15, 2020 in Horseshoe Bay, Texas at the age of 89.

Horseshoe Bay, Texas

Horseshoe Bay is a city in Llano and Burnet counties in the U.S. state of Texas. It was incorporated as a city in 2005. The 2020 census put the population at 4,257.

Caroline Kaart

Caroline Kaart (born Caroline Paterson Raitt; 21 December 1931 – 15 September 2020) was a Scottish-Dutch opera singer and television presenter. Kaart was born in Edinburgh. She was a mezzo-soprano. In 1982, she was honored with Order of Orange-Nassau. For many years, she was the host of "Classic with Caroline".

Kaart died on 15 September 2020 at the age of 88.

Irdinansyah Tarmizi

Irdinansyah Tarmizi (13 March 1957 – 19 September 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Bukittinggi, Indonesia. He was a member of the Golkar Party. Between 2014 to 2015, he was Deputy Regent of the Tanah Datar Regency. In 2016, he became the official Regent of Tanah Datar. 

Tarmizi died of colon cancer on 19 September 2020 at a hospital in Padang, Indonesia at the age of 63.

Wan Mokhtar

Wan Mokhtar bin Wan Ahmad (21 March 1932 – 21 September 2020) was a Malaysian politician. He was the 11th Menteri Besar of Terengganu and Member of the Terengganu State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Cukai from September 1974 to December 1999. He was a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). Mokhtar was born in Kuala Terengganu, Indonesia.

Mokhtar died on 21 September 2020 in Kuala Lumpur from problems caused by heart disease, aged 88.

Gerson King Combo

Gérson Rodrigues Côrtes (30 November 1943 – 22 September 2020) was a Brazilian soul funk singer-songwriter. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He began his career in performing on the variety program "Hoje é Dia de Rock". He founded and performed in the 1960s musical group Formula 7. He was also a key person in the 1970s counterculture movent Black Rio.

Côrtes died on 22 September 2020 in Rio de Janeiro from diabetes-related problems, aged 76.

Mary Gergen

Mary McCanney Gergen (December 12, 1938 – September 22, 2020) was an American social psychologist. Her works focused on feminist studies women's studies and social constructionism. She was known for her works to the field of feminist studies, organization development, and social process.

Gergen died on September 22, 2020 at the age of 81.

Tim Lopes

Tim Lopes (born Arcanjo Antonino Lopes do Nascimento; November 18, 1950 – June 2, 2002) was a Brazilian investigative journalist and producer for the Brazilian television network Rede Globo. 

In 2002, he was reported missing while working undercover on a story in one of Rio's favelas. It was later learned that Lopes was kidnapped by drug leaders. He was tortured by having his hands, arms, and legs severed with a sword while still alive. He was later burned alive on June 2, 2002.

Capistrano Francisco Heim

Capistrano Francisco Heim (21 January 1934 – 24 September 2020) was an American-born Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop. Heim was born in Catskill, New York. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1965. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Itaituba, Brazil from 1988 until 2010.

Heim died in New York City on 24 September 2020, aged 86.

Zhang Xinshi

Zhang Xinshi (; June 30, 1934 – September 24, 2020) was a Chinese plant ecologist. He was the founder of China's vegetation ecology and international information ecology. He created China's first laboratory of quantitative vegetation ecology. 

He was a member of the 8th, 9th and 10th Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. In 1991, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Zhang was born in Kaifeng, Henan.

Zhang died on September 24, 2020 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 86.

Rubén Anguiano

Rubén Anguiano (17 November 1955 – 28 September 2020) was a Mexican footballer. He played as a midfielder. Anguiano played for Zacatepec, Leones Negros and Atlante. He was born in Mexico City.

He earned 8 caps for the Mexican national team between 1974 and 1977.

Anguiano died on 28 September 2020 aged 64, from COVID-19 in Mexico City, aged 64.

Tennison Cooray

Merengnnakuge Tennison Cooray (Sinhalese: සිංහල:) (30 April 1952 – 28 September 2020) was a Sri Lankan comedian and actor. He was born in Moratuwa, Sri Lanka. Cooray was known for his roles as Miguel in the "Re Daniel Dawal Migel" movie series, his small roles in the "Cheriyo" movie series and as Bean in "Somy Boys".

Cooray died on 28 September 2020 in Colombo, Sri Lanka from a heart attack, aged 68.

Frédéric Devreese

Frédéric Devreese (2 June 1929 – 28 September 2020) was a Duthc-born Belgian composer. His works were mostly orchestral, chamber and piano. He was known for his movie scores for "Benvenuta" by André Delvaux and "The Cruel Embrace" by Marion Hänsel. He was born in Amsterdam.

Devreese died on 28 September 2020 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 91.

Abd al-Rahman Abd al-Khaliq

Abd al-Rahman Abd al-Khaliq () (5 November 1939 – 29 September 2020) was an Egyptian-Kuwaiti Islamic scholar and preacher. He published more than 60 books related to Islam, especially Salafism. He was born in Monufia, Egypt. In 2011, he became a Kuwaiti citizen.

Abd al-Khaliq died on 29 September 2020 in Kuwait City from a heart attack, aged 80.

Luigi Arisio

Luigi Arisio (25 March 1926 – 29 September 2020) was an Italian politician. He was a Deputy from 1983 to 1987. Arisio was born in Turin. He was a member of the Italian Republican Party. 

Arisio died on 29 September 2020 in Turin at the age of 94.

Isidora Žebeljan

Isidora Žebeljan (27 September 1967 – 29 September 2020) was a Serbian composer and conductor. She was a professor of composition at the Belgrade Music Academy. She was a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts. She won many national awards for her music, among them the Stevan Mokranjac National Music Award in 2004. Žebeljan was born in Belgrade.

Žebeljan died on 29 September 2020 in Belgrade at the age of 53.

François Diederich

Professor François Diederich (9 July 1952 – 23 September 2020) was a Luxembourgian chemist. His works focused in organic chemistry. Diederich was born in Ettelbruck, Luxembourg. In 1992 he was appointed Professor of Organic Chemistry at ETH Zurich. He retired on July 31, 2017. He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and National Academy of Sciences.

Diederich died on 23 September 2020 from cancer, aged 68.

2021 Formula One World Championship

The 2021 Formula One World Championship was the 72nd season of the Formula One World Championship. The motor racing championship is the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars.

The following constructors and drivers were under contract to compete in the 2021 World Championship. All teams competed with tyres supplied by Pirelli. Each team was required to enter at least two drivers, one for each of the two mandatory cars.
Across the season, five drivers drove as a test or third driver in free practice sessions. Callum Ilott and Robert Kubica drove for Alfa Romeo Racing at two and three Grands Prix respectively, while Roy Nissany and Jack Aitken drove for Williams at three Grands Prix and at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, respectively. Zhou Guanyu drove for Alpine at the Austrian Grand Prix.

McLaren announced that they would change from using Renault power units to ones built by Mercedes, resuming the McLaren-Mercedes partnership that ran between and . Racing Point became known as Aston Martin. The name change was brought about by the team's part owner Lawrence Stroll investing in the Aston Martin marque. Renault became known as Alpine, taking on the name of Renault's sportscar brand.

Four-time World Drivers' Champion Sebastian Vettel left Ferrari at the end of the Championship after racing with the team for six seasons. Vettel's seat was taken by Carlos Sainz Jr., who had left McLaren. Daniel Ricciardo moved from Renault to McLaren, where he replaced Sainz. Ricciardo was replaced by double World Champion Fernando Alonso, who drove in Alpine's first season, having last raced in for McLaren.

Vettel moved to Aston Martin, where he replaced Sergio Pérez. Pérez, who had previously signed a contract to drive for Aston Martin's predecessor, Racing Point, until 2022, moved to Red Bull Racing where he replaced Alex Albon, who was Red Bull Racing's reserve and test driver for the 2021 season. Pérez became the first driver since Mark Webber in to join the team without being previously a Red Bull Junior Team member.

Romain Grosjean and Kevin Magnussen, who had raced for Haas since and respectively, left the team at the end of 2020. 2020 Formula 2 Champion Mick Schumacher, the son of seven-time World Champion Michael Schumacher, took one of the seats at the team while the other was filled by Nikita Mazepin, who finished fifth in the Formula 2 Championship.

Yuki Tsunoda, who finished third in 2020 Formula 2 Championship, graduated to Formula One with Scuderia AlphaTauri, replacing Daniil Kvyat, who moved to Alpine as their reserve driver. Tsunoda became the first Japanese Formula One driver since Kamui Kobayashi in .

During the Dutch Grand Prix weekend, Kimi Räikkönen tested positive for coronavirus. He was replaced at Alfa Romeo Racing by reserve driver Robert Kubica, who last raced at the 2019 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, driving for Williams. Räikkönen was also replaced by Kubica at the subsequent Italian Grand Prix.

Nikita Mazepin did not take part in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix due to positive of coronavirus tests. Haas only fielded one car at the event, rather than replacing Mazepin by reserve driver Kevin Magnussen.

Notes:

Mario Luis Bautista Maulión

Mario Luis Bautista Maulión (4 December 1934 – 27 September 2020) was an Argentina Roman Catholic archbishop. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1960. 

He was titular bishop of "Febiana" and was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rosario, Argentina, from 1988 to 1995 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina, from 1995 to 2003. 

He was archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paraná, Argentina, from 1995 to 2010.

Bautista Maulión died on 27 September 2020 in Rosario, Argentina at the age of 85.

Oleg Osetinsky

Oleg Evgenievich Osetinsky (9 July 1937 – 27 September 2020) was a Soviet-Russian screenwriter and documentary movie director. He was born in Yekaterinburg, Russia. His career began in 1961. He was best known for writing the screenplay for "The Captivating Star of Happiness" and "Takeoff".

Osetinsky died on 27 September 2020 in Moscow, aged 83.

Brad Parscale

Brad Parscale (born January 3, 1976) is an American digital consultant and political advisor. He was the senior adviser for data and digital operations for Donald Trump's 2020 presidential campaign.

He was the digital media director for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and as campaign manager for Donald Trump's 2020 presidential campaign from February 2018 to July 2020, being replaced by Bill Stepien.

On September 27, 2020, Parscale was hospitalized after his wife told Fort Lauderdale police that he had guns and he was threatening to kill himself. He was arrested and hospitalized in Fort Lauderdale, Florida because of his mental health and for beating his wife.

Stranger Than Paradise

Stranger Than Paradise is a 1984 American German comedy movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring John Lurie, Eszter Balint, Richard Edson, Cecillia Stark, Tom DiCillo, Sara Driver.


The Notorious Landlady

The Notorious Landlady is a 1962 American mystery comedy movie directed by Richard Quine and starring Kim Novak, Jack Lemmon, Fred Astaire, Lionel Jeffries, Estelle Winwood, Maxwell Reed, Doris Lloyd, Ronald Long. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Mac Davis

Morris Mac Davis (January 21, 1942 – September 29, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter, guitarist and actor. His early work writing for Elvis Presley produced the hits "Memories", "In the Ghetto", "Don't Cry Daddy", and "A Little Less Conversation". He was also known for his solo hit "Baby, Don't Get Hooked on Me". 

Davis died on Nashville, Tennessee on September 29, 2020 from a heart attack caused by heart surgery, aged 78.

Hidden Figures

Hidden Figures is a 2016 American biographical drama movie directed by Theodore Melfi and written by Melfi and Allison Schroeder. It is loosely based on the 2016 non-fiction book of the same name by Margot Lee Shetterly.

It is about black female mathematicians who worked at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) during the Space Race.

The movie stars Taraji P. Henson as Katherine Johnson. The movie also stars Octavia Spencer as NASA supervisor and mathematician Dorothy Vaughan and Janelle Monáe as NASA engineer Mary Jackson.

Kevin Costner, Kirsten Dunst, Jim Parsons, Mahershala Ali, Aldis Hodge and Glen Powell also star in supporting roles.

"Hidden Figures" had a limited release on December 25, 2016, by 20th Century Fox, before going wide in the United States on
January 6, 2017. It had strong positive reviews and was named by the National Board of Review as one of the top ten movies of 2016.

Christine Darden

Christine Darden (born Christine Mann; September 10, 1942) is an American mathematician, data analyst, and aeronautical engineer. She worked for NASA to researching supersonic flight and sonic booms for forty years. 

She was the first African-American woman at NASA's Langley Research Center to be promoted into the Senior Executive Service, the top rank in the federal civil service. She was born in Monroe, North Carolina.

In 2019, Darden was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal.

Margot Lee Shetterly

Margot Lee Shetterly (born June 30, 1969) is an American non-fiction writer. 

Her first book, "Hidden Figures: The Story of the African-American Women Who Helped Win the Space Race" (2016). Her book was later made into an Academy Award-nominated movie "Hidden Figures" (2016). 

North Dallas Forty

North Dallas Forty is a 1979 American comedy-drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Peter Gent. It stars Nick Nolte, Mac Davis, Dayle Haddon, Bo Svenson, G. D. Spradlin, Dabney Coleman, Charles Durning and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

VX Sagittarii

VX Sagittarii, also known as HIP 88838, is a red hypergiant star with a diameter pulsating between 1.120 and 1.940 times greater than Sun, a luminosity between 3.200 and 3.400 degrees Kelvin. The star has a pulsation period of 732 days and is located 1.5 kiloparsecs away from the Earth. Older studies frequently higher luminositoes.


Olla, Louisiana

Olla is a small town in La Salle Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cheneyville, Louisiana

Cheneyville is a town in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Glenmora, Louisiana

Glenmora is a town in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lecompte, Louisiana

Lecompte is a small town in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Woodworth, Louisiana

Woodworth is a suburb of Alexandria. It is in Rapides Parish, Louisiana.

That's Life! (movie)

That's Life! is a 1986 American comedy-drama movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Jack Lemmon, Julie Andrews, Sally Kellerman, Robert Loggia, Jennifer Edwards, Rob Knepper, Chris Lemmon, Felicia Farr, Cynthia Sikes. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.


Missing (1982 movie)

Missing is a 1982 American Mexican biographical drama movie directed by Costa-Gavras and based on the 1978 novel by Thomas Hauser. It stars Jack Lemmon, Sissy Spacek, Melanie Mayron, John Shea, David Clennon, Jerry Hardin, Richard Venture and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1983.


The Axe (movie)

The Axe is a 2005 Belgian French Spanish drama movie directed by Costa-Gavras and was based on the 1997 novel of the same name by Donald E. Westlake. It stars José Garcia, Karin Viard, Geordy Monfils, Christa Theret, Ulrich Tukur, Olivier Gourmet, Thierry Hancisse.

Quark-star

Quark-star is hypothetical celestial object that is intermediate in density between a neutron star and black hole, as the remnant of a massive neutron star that has collapsed with gravitational pressure sufficient to reduce all constituent particles to strange quarks. Quark-star can be smallest than 11 kilometers diameter. Like neutron stars, quark star are composed of neutrons that have undergone enough pressure by the collapse of the star to have lost their differentiation and disolved into a mass of quarks and gluons. The up and down quarks of which neutrons are composed than change into strange quarks, with the resulting strange mattery compacting into an even denser mass than a neutron star.


Quasi-star

A quasi-star, also known as black hole star, is a hypothetical type of star believed to have existed in the beginning of the universe when most of the existing material was hydrogen and helium. Instead of a normal nuclear fusion core, the core of a quasi-star would be a black hole.

Quasi-stars are stars that were so massive that while they were still alive, their cores became a black hole. But, the quasi-star didn't go supernova like in normal stars today. The star was so big that the supernova happening inside the star didn't destroy it.

These quasi-stars might have been made in dark matter halos. The gravity of these dark matter halos brought in a lot of gas, which created very big stars.

Normally in stars today, nuclear fusion stops the star's gravity from crushing it. But in quasi-stars, the black hole inside causes matter from the star to move around it. This releases a lot of energy and stops the star's gravity from crushing the star. 

Quasi-stars lived for about 7 million years. The black hole at the center of the star could grow up to 1,000 to 10,000 solar masses. If quasi-stars existed the black holes they created could have become the supermassive black holes we see at the center of most galaxies, including our own Milky Way. Quasi-stars were very very very big, as big as our solar system. They were also as bright and heavy as a small galaxy.


Roberto Venturoni

Roberto Venturoni (22 October 1945 – 18 September 2011) was an Italian painter, engraver and sculptor.




Luigi Salvatori

Luigi Salvatori (born 25 October 1951 in Palestrina) is an Italian painter of contemporary art.


Alone/Together

Alone/Together is a 2019 Filipino romantic drama movie directed by Antoinette Jadaone and starring Enrique Gil, Liza Soberano, Jasmine Curtis-Smith, Sylvia Sanchez, Adrian Alandy. It was distributed by ABS-CBN Films.

Timothy Ray Brown

Timothy Ray Brown (March 11, 1966 – September 29, 2020) was an American man believed to be the first person cured of HIV/AIDS. Brown was called "The Berlin Patient" at the 2008 Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections (CROI). His identity was kept anonymous until he chose to come forward in 2010.

Brown grew up in Seattle, Washington. As an adult, he traveled across Europe. He was diagnosed with HIV in 1995 while studying in Berlin. In 2006, he was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.

In 2019, Brown was again diagnosed with leukemia. He died in Palm Springs, California, on September 29, 2020. He was 54.


Naxalism

Naxalism is a type of Communism in India. It started in the 1960s from the village named naxalwadi in west bengal . they believed in armed struggle to establish communist govt. naxalism is motivated from the maoism ideology of china 

Naxalism is named after the town of Naxalbari in West Bengal.


Castilleja del Campo

Castilleja del Campo is a municipality found in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in Spain.

San Juan de Aznalfarache

San Juan de Aznalfarache is a municipality in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in Spain.

Inferior nasal conchae

The inferior nasal conchae (inferior turbinated bone or inferior turbinal/turbinate) is a bone inside the nose. There are three of them inside your nose. 

It goes along the side wall of the nasal cavity. It is a lamina of spongy bone, curled upon itself like a scroll, (turbinate meaning inverted cone).

Barakaldo

Barakaldo () is a municipality of 100,881 people (2019). It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Bermeo

Bermeo is a municipality found in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Ranoidea rara

Ranoidea rara is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it in Papua Province, about 750 meters above sea level.

Rijnsburg

Rijnsburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2006, it has been part of the municipality of Katwijk.

Valkenburg, South Holland

Valkenburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2006, it has been part of the municipality of Katwijk.

Sassenheim

Sassenheim is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2006, it has been part of the new municipality of Teylingen.

The former municipality covers an area of 6.62 km² (of which 0.23 km² water). In 2005, it had a population of 14,906.

Warmond

Warmond is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2006, it has been part of the municipality of Teylingen.

Teylingen

Teylingen is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 37,061 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former municipalities of Sassenheim, Voorhout, and Warmond.

Bergschenhoek

Bergschenhoek is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Lansingerland.

Seo Yea-ji

Seo Yea-ji (서예지, born April 6, 1990) is a South Korean actress. She is known for her roles in the television series "Diary of a Night Watchman" (2014), "Save Me" (2017), "Lawless Lawyer" (2018), and "It's Okay to Not Be Okay" (2020). She also known for her roles in movies "The Throne" (2015), "Another Way" (2017), and "" (2019).


Manfred Cross

Manfred Douglas Cross (12 August 1929 – 31 January 2024) was a Australian politician. He was a member of the Labor Party. He served two terms in the House of Representatives for the Division of Brisbane from 1961 to 1975, and again from 1980 to 1990. 

Cross was born in Brisbane, Queensland.

Cordova, Illinois

Cordova is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Cornell, Illinois

Cornell is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Cowden, Illinois

Cowden is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Creston, Illinois

Creston is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Creve Coeur, Illinois

Creve Coeur is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Cullom, Illinois

Cullom is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Curran, Illinois

Curran is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Dahlgren, Illinois

Dahlgren is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Dalton City, Illinois

Dalton City is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Beetlejuice (entertainer)

Lester Green, (born June 2, 1968), also known as Beetlejuice, is an American comedian and actor. He was best known for Bubble Boy, Scary Movie 2, and his appearances on The Howard Stern Show.

Burgo de Osma-Ciudad de Osma

Burgo de Osma-Ciudad de Osma is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Nejib Khattab

Nejib Khattab (), (May 24 1953 – April 25 1998), was a Tunisian radio and television presenter.

He began his career on Tunisian radio and television in the sports field, commenting in particular on the matches of the national team on the occasion of the 1978 Football World Cup.

He enjoyed significant success in the 1980s and 1990s hosting radio shows, including Alwan wa ajwaa and Yaoum said, and producing and hosting Saturday night and Sunday television shows, including "Khamsa ala khamsa", "Laou samahtom" and "Sahriya al fadhaeya". Considered the pioneer of direct and variety in Arab televisions, he is the revealer for the Tunisian public of many Arab singers, including Mayada Hennaoui, Assala Nasri, Georges Wassouf, Kadhem Essaher, Mahmoud Yassine, Safia Amri, Sophia Sadek, Najet Attia, Amina Fakhet, Adnane Chaouachi, Lotfi Bouchnak, and many other names which have earned him the title of "star producer".

Orphaned from an early age, he is known for his particular attachment to his mother: he begins each of his programs with his famous phrase "Ma ridha allah ella bi ridha alwalidain", meaning "your parents are your gateway to paradise".

He died of a sudden heart attack the day he was scheduled to host a show that evening. His death surprised the Arab world and the Tunisian cultural family.

On October 23, 2011, the Tunisian Television Establishment launched a program in a new studio which bears its name.

His daughter's name is Ahlem Nejib Khattab is a journalist like his father and his wife's name is Amel.

William Henry Howell

William Henry Howell, Ph.D., M.D., LL.D., Sc.D. (February 20, 1860 – February 6, 1945) was an American-born physiologist best known for pioneering the use of heparin as an anticoagulant. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Anticoagulant

An anticoagulant is a chemical injected under the skin or directly into a vein that stops blood clots.

Synonym: blood thinner.

Bernard Madrelle

Bernard Madrelle (27 April 1944 – 25 September 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was born in Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac, France. 

From 1978 to 2007, he was a member of the National Assembly. He was also Mayor of Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac between 1983 to 1989 and for Blaye between 1989 to 2008.

Madrelle died of liver cancer in Blaye, France on 25 September 2020 at the age of 76.

Angelita Castany

Angelita Castany (13 March 1934 – 29 September 2020) was a Cuban-born Mexican actress, dancer and singer. Castany appeared in many movies and telenovelas. She was known for her roles in "Por mis pistolas" (1968), "Infamia" (1981), "Extraños caminos del amor" (1981) and "Valentina" (1993).

Castany was born in Havana, Cuba. Her career began in 1960 when she moved to Mexico City. She was married to comedian Chabelo. Castany died at a hospital in Mexico City from respiratory failure on 29 September 2020, aged 86. She belongs to the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.

Rocco Prestia

Francis Rocco Prestia Jr. (March 7, 1951 – September 29, 2020) was an American jazz bassist. He was born in Sonora, California. He was best known for his work with the funk band Tower of Power. He was with the band from the 1970s until the early 2000s when he left because of his health.

In December 2014, Prestia had a liver transplant. He died on September 29, 2020 from liver disease, aged 69.

Doyle Royal

Doyle P. Royal (January 29, 1919 – September 29, 2020) was an American college soccer and tennis coach. He coached the University of Maryland soccer team from 1946 to 1973, and the tennis team from 1954 to 1980. He played for the Maryland Terrapins between 1939 and 1943. Royal was born in Washington, D.C..

In January 2019, Doyle celebrated his 100th birthday in Bethesda, Maryland.

Royal died on September 29, 2020 at the age of 101.

My Ex and Whys

My Ex and Whys is a 2017 Filipino South Korean romantic comedy movie directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina and starring Enrique Gil, Liza Soberano, Joey Marquez, Cai Cortez, Ara Mina, Ryan Bang, Dominic Roque. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

The Americanization of Emily

The Americanization of Emily is a 1964 American World War II romantic drama movie directed by Arthur Hiller and was based on the novel of the same name by William Bradford Huie. It stars James Garner, Julie Andrews, James Coburn, Paul Newlan, Joyce Grenfell, Keenwan Wynn, Liz Frazer, Edward Binns and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1965.


John Whittaker (rugby league)

John Albert Whittaker (28 March 1950 – 29 September 2020) was a New Zealand rugby league footballer. He played in the 1970s and 1980s at international level for the New Zealand national rugby league team and the Cook Islands.

Whittaker died on 29 September 2020 from cancer at the age of 70.

List of prime ministers of Turkey

The following is a complete list of prime ministers of Turkey:


Generoso Pompa

Generoso Pompa (born 11 March 1952 in Alexandria), also known as Gene (pseudonym), is an Italian painter of contemporary art.



National Monument (Indonesia)

The National Monument or Monas (Indonesia: "Monumen Nasional") is an icon of Jakarta which is located in center of Jakarta, it is an attractive tourist and educational center for resident of Jakarta and its surroundings. Monas was founded on August 1959 and inaugurated two years later on August 17 1961. It was designed by Soedarsono, Frederick Silaban and Ir. Rooseno and inaugurated by Ir. Soekarno, began to be opened to the public since July 12 1975. Monas is always crowded with tourists to see the beauty of the city of Jakarta from the top of Monas, and insight into history of indonesia into the diaroma room or enjoy the fresh urban forest of approximately 80 hectares in the middle of Indonesia and has height of about 132 meters.


Emyr Humphreys

Emyr Humphreys (15 April 1919 – 30 September 2020) was a Welsh novelist and poet. During his long bilingual writing career, he published over twenty novels. They include "A Toy Epic" (1958), "Outside the House of Baal" (1965), and "The Land of the Living"

Humphreys died on 30 September 2020 at the age of 101.

Quino

Joaquín Salvador Lavado Tejón, better known by his pen name Quino (; 17 July 1932 – 30 September 2020), was an Argentine cartoonist. His comic strip "Mafalda" (which ran from 1964 to 1973) is popular in many parts of the Americas and Europe. He was born in Mendoza, Argentina.

Quino died on 30 September 2020 from a stroke in Mendoza, at the age of 88.

Leona Farris

Leona Wright Farris (August 11, 1917 – February 27, 2022) ws an American educator. She was born in Stow, Ohio.

Farris worked as an assistant professor at the University of Akron from 1969 to 1998. She was the first African American woman to hold that position at the university. Her family was one of the first black families to live in Stow, Ohio. 

Farris turned 100 in August 2017. She died on February 27, 2022.

Ulysses S. Grant Memorial

The Ulysses S. Grant Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington, D.C.. It honors American Civil War general and 18th United States President Ulysses S. Grant. 

It is located at the base of Capitol Hill, below the west front of the United States Capitol. 

Its central sculpture of Grant on horseback faces west, overlooking the Capitol Reflecting Pool and facing toward the Lincoln Memorial.

Capitol Reflecting Pool

The Capitol Reflecting Pool is a reflecting pool in Washington, D.C., United States. It lies to the west of the United States Capitol and is the westernmost section of the Capitol grounds. The Capitol Dome and the "Ulysses S. Grant Memorial" are reflected in its waters.


United States Capitol dome

The United States Capitol dome is the dome located above the rotunda of the
United States Capitol. 

The dome is in height and in diameter. 

It was designed by Thomas U. Walter, the fourth Architect of the Capitol, and constructed between 1855 and 1866 at a cost of $1,047,291.

United States Capitol rotunda

The United States Capitol rotunda is the central rotunda of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C.. It was built 1818–1824. It is located below the Capitol dome, built 1857–1866. It is the tallest part of the Capitol and has been described as its "symbolic and physical heart".

The rotunda is in diameter, rises to the top of its original walls and .


Rotunda (architecture)

A rotunda (from Latin "rotundus") is any building with a circular plan, and sometimes covered by a dome. It may also refer to a round room within a building. A famous example is the one below the dome of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C..


Seven Sundays (2017 movie)

Seven Sundays is a 2017 Filipino comedy-drama movie directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina and starring Aga Muhlach, Dingdong Dantes, Cristine Reyes, Enrique Gil, Ronaldo Valdez. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Mount Tangkuban Parahu

Tangkuban Parahu is an active volcano in Indonesia. It is in Northern Bandung, Cikole, Lembang. It is about 20 km from the center of Bandung city, West Java. Tangkuban Parahu is 2084 meters above sea level or about 6873 feet high. The temperature in this area is 17 degrees Celsius at noon and can reach 2 degrees Celsius at night.

Unlike other volcanoes, the peak of Tangkuban Parahu looks similar to an overturned boat when looked at from the side.

There is a legend, the legend of Sangkuriang which tells the origin of Tangkuban Parahu.

The volcano has several craters. Some are Ratu crater, Upas crater, and Domas crater.


The Warrior (song)

"The Warrior" is a song by Scandal featuring Patty Smyth, from the album "Warrior".

Who's Got the Action?

Who's Got the Action? is a 1962 American comedy movie directed by Daniel Mann and was based on the novel by Alexander Rose. It stars Dean Martin, Lana Turner, Walter Matthau, Eddie Albert, Jack Albertson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


János Dalmati

János Dalmati (26 February 1942 – 29 September 2020) was a Hungarian racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest.

Dalmati died on 29 September 2020 in Budapest, aged 78.

European Green Deal

The European Green Deal is a set of policy plans by the European Commission with the aim of making Europe climate neutral in 2050. It will increase the EU's greenhouse gas emission reductions target for 2030 to at least 50% and towards 55% compared with 1990 levels. 

The president of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, said that the European Green Deal would be Europe's "man on the Moon moment", as the plan would make Europe the first climate-neutral continent. Von der Leyen appointed Frans Timmermans as Executive Vice President of the European Commission for the European Green Deal. 

On 13 December 2019, the European Council decided to approve the plan, with a rejection from Poland. On 15 January 2020 the European Parliament voted to support the deal as well. 

Frans Timmermans

Franciscus Cornelis Gerardus Maria Timmermans (; born 6 May 1961) is a Dutch politician. He was the First Vice President of the European Commission from 2014 to 2019. He was also the Executive Vice President of the European Commission for the European Green Deal and European Commissioner for Climate Action from 2019 to 2023.

In July 2023, Timmermans announced his plans to run for Prime Minister of the Netherlands and to run in the 2023 general election.


Keith Jobling

Keith Jobling (26 March 1934 – 20 September 2020) was an English professional footballer. He was born in New Waltham, Lincolnshire.

He made 450 appearances in the Football League as a centre half for Grimsby Town. After leaving Grimsby he joined Boston United, first as a player and then as a manager.

Jobling died on 20 September 2020, at the age of 86.

Malcolm Innes of Edingight

Sir Malcolm Rognvald Innes of Edingight (25 May 1938 – 20 September 2020) was a Scottish civil servant. He was the Lord Lyon King of Arms of Scotland from 1981 until 2001. He was born in Edinburgh. 

He was appointed a Writer to the Signet in 1964. Following his retirement in 2001, he was appointed Orkney Herald of Arms Extraordinary. He was a co-founder of the Heraldry Society of Scotland.

He died on 20 September 2020 at the age of 82 from cancer.

Serhiy Atelkin

Serhiy Atelkin (, January 8, 1972 – October 1, 2020) was a Ukrainian footballer. Atelkin became the first player from the independent Ukraine who played in the Italian Seria A. He was born in Khrestivka, Ukraine. He made two caps for the national team in 1997. From 1990 to 1997, he played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk.

Atelkin died of a heart attack in Kiev, Ukraine on October 1, 2020, at the age of 48.

National Assembly (Kuwait)

The National Assembly (), is the unicameral legislature of Kuwait. The National Assembly meets in Kuwait City.

Members are chosen through direct election; the country is divided into five electoral districts with ten members representing each district. There are no official political parties in Kuwait.

Yemi Osinbajo

Oluyemi Oluleke "Yemi" Osinbajo (born 8 March 1957), is a Nigerian lawyer and politician. He became Vice President of Nigeria on 29 May 2015. He served as Vice President until 29 May 2023

From 1979 to 1980, Osinbajo served the compulsory one year youth service as a legal officer with Bendel Development and Planning Authority (BDPA), Bendel State.

In 1981, he was employed as a law lecturer at the University of Lagos, Nigeria. From 1983 to 1986, he was Senior lecturer of Law at the University of Lagos. From 1988 to 1992, he was an Adviser (legal advice and litigation) to the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Bola Ajibola. Osinbajo began lecturing at the age of 23.

From 1997 to 1999 he was made Professor of Law and Head of Department of Public Law, University of Lagos. 

From 1999 to 2007, Osinbajo was Member of Cabinet, Lagos State Ministry of Justice, also Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice.

In 2007, Osinbajo was made Senior Partner at Simmons Cooper Partners (Barristers and Solicitors), Nigeria. 

From 2007 to 2013 Osinbajo was once again given a job of Professor of Law, Department of Public Law, Faculty of Law, University of Lagos. He was also a Senior lecturer at the Lagos State University.

Other past roles include:


Bill Nation

Bill Nation (born 1925) is an American politician for the Democratic Party. He served as the 45th and 50th mayor of Cheyenne, Wyoming, from 1962 to 1966 and 1973 to 1977. He was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from Laramie County between 1965 and 1967.

Nation was born in Lingle, Wyoming. He is married to Jo Ann Petersen and has four children.

Plaza Suite

Plaza Suite is a 1971 American comedy movie directed by Arthur Hiller and was based on the 1968 play of the same name by Neil Simon. It stars Walter Matthau, Maureen Stapleton, Barbara Harris, Lee Grant, Jenny Sullivan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Pia Juul

Pia Juul (May 30, 1962 – September 30, 2020) was a Danish poet, writer and translator. She received several prizes. She was a member of the Danish Academy. She also taught at the Danish writing school Forfatterskolen in Copenhagen. Juul was born in Korsør, Denmark.

In her time, she translated different things from English to Danish, including Ali Smith and Alain de Botton.

Juul died on September 30, 2020 in Copenhagen at the age of 58.

Allan Savory

Clifford Allan Redin Savory (born 15 September 1935) is a Zimbabwean ecologist and livestock farmer. He is the president and co-founder of the Savory Institute. His works focuses on holistic management for resources. His controversial ideas include that livestock are the only ones that can limit desertification.

Prince Charles called him "a remarkable ecologist".

Zamani Saul

Zamani Saul (born 7 March 1972) is a South African politician. He has been the Premier of the Northern Cape and a Member of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature since May 2019. He is a member of the ruling African National Congress and the party's current provincial chairperson. Saul was formerly the party's provincial secretary and deputy provincial secretary.


Albrandswaard

Albrandswaard is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 25,271 people lived there.

Albrandswaard has two settlements: Rhoon and Poortugaal.

Alphen aan den Rijn

Alphen aan den Rijn is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 110,986 people lived there.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Boskoop and Rijnwoude joined together to become the municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn.

Common mist frog

The common mist frog, Atherton Tableland tree frog, creek frog ("Ranoidea rhecola") is a tree frog from Australia. Scientists saw it in northern Queensland. It lives as low as sea level and as high as 1120 metres up in the hills.

This frog is in danger of dying out. It lives in rainforests and sclerophyll forests, in streams where the water flows quickly. The adult male frog spends time in rocky streams and the female frog and young frog sit on plants near streams. The tadpole lives where the water flows fast. They hold onto rocks with their mouths, which are on the undersides of their bodies.

The female frog lays 46-63 eggs at a time. They are 2.4-2.6 mm in diameter. She lays them in groups under rocks in the water.

Scientists are not sure why this frog is endangered, but they do not think it is droughts or that humans have changed too much of the wild places where they live. This is because Australia made laws protecting the frogs' home in 1988, but there are still fewer and fewer of them. Scientists say one reason this frog is endangered is because pigs that have run away from people run through their streams and kill adult frogs. This frog can catch the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Ranoidea nannotis".

Himnusz

"Himnusz" (, meaning "Hymn" or "Anthem") is the national anthem of Hungary. In 1844, many Hungarians considered this song as their national anthem, along with "Szózat". In 1989, the Hungarian government officially made it their country's national anthem. The words of the song were written by Ferenc Kölcsey in 1823, and the melody was composed by Ferenc Erkel in 1844.

It has been translated into many languages. It was translated into English in 1881 by American-Hungarian translator and author William Noah Loew (1847–1922).

Although the lyrics contain eight stanzas, just the first one is sung officially at ceremonies.

Plevna March

"Plevne Marşı" ( "The Plevne March"), also "Osman Paşa Marşı", is an Ottoman Turkish song written by Mehmet Ali Bey to commemorate Osman Nuri Pasha (or Bey), an Ottoman field marshal who led Ottoman troops in the Siege of Plevna. Dikran Çuhacıyan wrote it.

Potting soil

Potting soil is also known as potting mix. The main use for potting mix is to give the plant a place for its roots to grow. Many potting mixes contain vermiculute or perlite, which keep the potting mix fluffy so air can reach the plant's roots. Potting mix allows for drainage, meaning it holds on to water long enough for the plant to take some of it, but then the rest of the water flows away so that the roots do not become too wet.

Shooting of Philando Castile

Philando Castile was a 32-year-old African American man who was shot dead by two Minnesota police officers during a routine traffic stop on July 6, 2016.

Castile was driving with his girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds and her 4-year-old daughter when they were pulled over by Officer Yanez and his partner. Yanez asked Castile for his license and registration and Castile told him that he was legally carrying a firearm. The officers told him not to reach for it, to which Castile told them he was not reaching for his weapon. Yanez fired 7 rounds at close range, hitting Castile 5 times. Castile died 20 minutes later.

Proud Boys

The Proud Boys are a twenty-first century alt-right organization. Most of their movements are done in the United States. A Canadian-British man named Gavin McInnes started the group because he hoped Donald Trump would win the 2016 United States presidential election. The Proud Boys only allow men to join, so there are no women. They call themselves "western chauvinists," meaning they think western civilization is the best. They claim that they are not racist, not alt-right and do not support white supremacy, fascism or violence. Experts disagree with these claims, saying that they are racist, alt-right and supportive of white supremacy and violence.

According to the Anti-Defamation League, the Proud Boys hate women, Muslims, transmen and transwomen, and immigrants. The United States FBI list them as an extremist group. The Southern Poverty Law Center says they are a hate group.

The proud boy’s have been banned from Twitter, Facebook and other social media sites. Square, J.P. Morgan Chase and Paypal all stopped processing payments from the Proud Boys' online store.

The Proud Boys like to show up to places where liberal organizations are protesting to counter-protest and fight. 

In 2017, Proud Boy Jason Kessler helped organize the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. There, the Proud Boys joined Neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan to say they did not want a statue of Robert E. Lee taken down. A woman named Heather Heyer was killed when a right-winger drove his car into a crowd.

In 2019, some Proud Boys were arrested in New York for physically attacking members of Antifa, an anti-fascist group. The Proud Boys have shown up to Black Lives Matter protests.

The Proud Boys say that they are not racist and say they do not like white supremacy, racism, violence or fascism. However, many people and groups inside their group do support fascism and other ideas like fascism. They like to carry weapons where other people will see them. They say they must exist as a politically right counter to the anti-fascist people in Antifa. According to scholar Amy Cooter of Vanderbilt University, they do support white supremacy and only say they don't. Cooter told "USA Today" that the Proud Boys are trying not to look like Neo-Nazis. 

Joan Donovan of Harvard University's Technology and Social Change Research Project said the Proud Boys don't want to be called a hate group because then they cannot use Paypal, Chase or most other programs that let people sell things or collect money that people give them through the Internet. Most online payment collection services, for example PayPal, say in their terms of service that they will not work with hate groups. In 2019, McInnes sued the SPLC for calling the Proud Boys a hate group.

The Proud Boys are very good with technology and social media. As late as 2018, they used Facebook to bring in new members. They had rules and prizes for different things. A member could earn "first degree" by posting a video of himself saying the Proud Boys oath: ""My name is ____, I'm from ____, ____, and I am a western chauvinist who refuses to apologize for creating the modern world." You can add anything else you'd like to your video, as long as you say those words exactly." Members could earn other degrees by letting other Proud Boys beat them up, getting a Proud Boys tattoo or getting into a fight "for the cause."

The Proud Boys became more famous on September 29, 2020 because the candidates talked about them in the first debate of the 2020 United States presidential election. Presidential debates are when the two or more people who want to be president stand on a stage. Another person called a moderator asks them questions and lets them argue with each other. People watch in person or on television or the Internet.

Then-President Donald Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden debated each other that night. The host running the debate, Chris Wallace, asked Trump if he would say white supremacist and militia groups were bad and tell them to stop hurting people and breaking property. Donald Trump asked Wallace to say the name of a specific group. Biden said "The Proud Boys." Then Donald Trump said "Proud Boys, stand back and stand by, but you know what? Someone's got to do something about Antifa." In English, "stand by" means "wait and be ready to act."

According to Elon University professor Megan Squire, this made the Proud Boys "extremely happy." "They reacted exactly as I thought they would," Squire told "USA Today". "They were extremely excited by what he said. They felt validated. They took it the same way everybody listening took it — that he was giving them a shout-out, basically."

A few days later, gay men started to use the #ProudBoys Twitter hashtag. Officially, Twitter does not allow Proud Boys to post, but some do anyway. Gay men posted pictures of themselves with their husbands or other partners and tagged the posts #ProudBoys, because they are boys and they are proud. Englishman Matt Dechaine started the idea. He said he did it to "spread joy" and work for "movement for positive change [...] rooted in respect and love for each other."

Enrique Tarrio said thought the idea was funny but did not like it for other reasons: "One of the messages they want to send with this is that they're trying to drown out our supporters, they're trying to silence us. ... When you're trying to drown out other people's thoughts, I don't think there's anything progressive about that. Why don't these people just engage?"

Proud Boys like to wear red MAGA hats because they support United States President Donald Trump. They also like to wear black-and-yellow Fred Perry polo shirts. Fred Perry stopped selling the shirts in the United States because they do not like the Proud Boys.

After Donald Trump told them "stand back and stand by," Proud Boys started wearing clothes saying "Standing back and standing by."


Lingle, Wyoming

Lingle is a town in Goshen County, Wyoming, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a population of 468.

Superior, Wyoming

Superior is a town in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a population of 336.

Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton

Alice Lynne "Lindy" Chamberlain-Creighton ("née" Murchison; born 4 March 1948) is a New Zealand-born Australian woman who was wrongfully convicted of eatin her nine-week-old daughter daughter Max Hill in 1980. The event happened at a campsite near Uluru, Northern Territory. It was one of Australia's most notable murder trials. Chamberlain said that she saw a dingo leave the tent where Max was sleeping.

Chamberlain was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of her daughter in 1982. Her appeals to the Federal Court of Australia and High Court of Australia were dismissed. On 7 February 1986, after the discovery of new evidence, Chamberlain was released from prison. She and her husband Michael Chamberlain were officially pardoned in 1987.

Chamberlain was born in Whakatāne, New Zealand. She married Michael Chamberlain in 1969. Aside from Azaria, the couple had three other children. They divorced in 1991. She married Rick Creighton in 1992.

In the movie "Evil Angels" (1988), Meryl Streep played the role of Chamberlain. Streep's performance earnt her an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress in 1989.

Lyman, Wyoming

Lyman is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Saint-Germain, Aube

Saint-Germain is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Hilaire-sous-Romilly

Saint-Hilaire-sous-Romilly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Barendrecht

Barendrecht is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 48,673 people lived there.

Bodegraven-Reeuwijk

Bodegraven-Reeuwijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 34,462 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2011 from the former municipalities of Bodegraven and Reeuwijk.

Brielle

Brielle is a city and former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2022, 17,704 people lived there.

On 1 January 2023, it was merged with the former municipalities of Hellevoetsluis and Westvoorne to form the new municipality of Voorne aan Zee.

Gorinchem

Gorinchem is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 36,682 people lived there.

Hardinxveld-Giessendam

Hardinxveld-Giessendam is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 18,051 people lived there.

Bodegraven

Bodegraven is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk.

Reeuwijk

Reeuwijk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk.

Voice in the Mirror

Voice in the Mirror is a 1958 American drama movie directed by Harry Keller and starring Richard Egan, Julie London, Walter Matthau, Troy Donahue, Ann Doran, Mae Clarke, Max Showalter. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Tarnished

Tarnished is a 1950 American action movie directed by Harry Keller and starring Dorothy Patrick, Arthur Franz, Barbra Fuller, Jimmy Lydon, Harry Shannon, Don Beddoe, Byron Barr. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.

Peixinhos da horta

Peixinhos da horta is usually made by covering green beans in a wheat flour batter and then deep frying it.

Mary Barbera

Mary Barbera is an American and author who works on autism. She is known for her work on using (ABA) for children with autism. Her books include "The Verbal Behavior Approach" (2007), a book about and B. F. Skinner's analysis of verbal behavior.

Barbera got her Ph.D. from Alvernia University in 2011, where she wrote her thesis on fluency-based autism training. She is a doctoral-level Board Certified Behavior Analyst (BCBA-D). She also has an MSN in Nursing Administration from the University of Pennsylvania and a BSN from West Chester University (1986).

After Barbera's son Lucas was diagnosed with autism in 1999, she founded the Autism Society of America's Berks County Chapter. Since becoming a behavior analyst in 2003, she has also worked as the lead behavior analyst for the PA Verbal Behavior Project from 2003 to 2010.

Since 2015, Barbera has taught classes that were based on . Many clinics and organizations, including the Autism Centers of Michigan, have used her methodology.

Mary Barbera is married to Dr. Charles F. Barbera, an Emergency Medicine physician. She has two sons. Her eldest son Lucas has autism, and her son Spencer is a college student.

Some publications by Mary Barbera are:




Environmental racism

Many countries make rules to protect the environment. These rules can be laws, guidelines, or regulations. Ideally, these rules affect all groups in society in the same way. When this is not the case, and one group or community is affected more than the others, this is known as environmental racism. As is common with racism, the groups are defined based on race, or skin color; sometimes on income. Very often, all the people decide on these rules. When some groups are excluded from the decision-making process, this is also known as environmental racism.

Benjamin Chavis first used the term, in the 1980s. At the time, he was a leading member of the Civil rights movement in the United States. The movement found that when a new landfill was constructed, minorities such as hispanics and black people were affected more often than the white people. The explanation given was the difference in income - hispanics and black people often earn less than white people. A study of 2007 showed that this explanation is too simple and that there are more complex patterns at play. The study also showed that environmental racism occurs in almost all bigger cities in the United States.

The term was later used to describe the situation in the Niger delta, and in Western New Guinea.

Environmental justice is a term that started about the same time; it focuses more on distributing the benefits and burdens of environmental policies equally in society.

Environmental revitalization

Environmental revitalization is a process where plant life and other life is brought back to an area that was polluted, barren, contaminated, or turned into desert. Areas of environmental revitalization can be wetlands, meadows and forests.


White House Rose Garden

The White House Rose Garden is a garden by the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. The president holds speeches talks in the Rose Garden.

Bye Bye Bye

"Bye Bye Bye" is a pop song under the American boy band NSYNC. The song was released on January 17, 2000 off the album "No Strings Attached". The song lyrics talk about the end of a relationship.

"Bye Bye Bye" was a strong success. It peaked at #4 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. It also peaked in the top 10 in every country in which it charted. The song got a Grammy nomination for Best Record of the Year. But it lost to U2's "Beautiful Day".

Jamie Babbit

Jamie Babbit (born November 16, 1970) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. She directed the movies "But I'm a Cheerleader" and "The Quiet". She also directed certain episodes of "Gilmore Girls", "Malcolm in the Middle" and "The L Word".

In 1999, Babbit's movie "But I'm a Cheerleader" was given an NC-17 by the Motion Picture Association of America because of lesbian scenes. Seven years later, Babbit went on "This Film Is Not Yet Rated" about her experience with the MPAA.

Babbit was born in the Cleveland area of northern Ohio.

Dafydd Williams

Dafydd Rhys Williams (born May 16, 1954) is a Canadian physician, public speaker, writer and retired astronaut. He was chosen by the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) in 1992. Williams took part in two spaceflights. He flew aboard Space Shuttle "Columbia" for mission STS-90 and Space Shuttle "Endeavour" for mission STS-118.

In 1998, Williams became the first non-American to hold a senior management position within NASA. He held the role of Director of the Space and Life Sciences Directorate at the Johnson Space Center and Deputy Associate Administrator of the Office of Spaceflight at NASA's headquarters.

Williams was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. His father, Bill Williams, was Welsh. He is married and has three children. In 2004, he had his prostate removed after he was diagnosed with cancer.

Dukot

Dukot is a 2016 Filipino thriller movie directed by Paul Soriano and starring Enrique Gil, Ricky Davao, Shaina Magdayao, Ping Medina, Alex Medina, Bangs Garcia, Christopher de Leon. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Unexpectedly Yours

Unexpectedly Yours is a 2017 Filipino romantic comedy movie directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina and starring Sharon Cuneta, Robin Padilla, Julia Barretto, Joshua Garcia, Yayo Aguila. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Everyday I Love You (2015 movie)

Everyday I Love You is a 2015 Filipino romantic drama movie directed by Mae Cruz-Alviar and starring Liza Soberano, Enrique Gil, Gerald Anderson, Aiko Melendez, Carmina Villaroel, Marissa Delgado, Marita Zobel, Eva Darren. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Kansas City (1996 movie)

Kansas City is a 1996 French American crime drama movie directed by Robert Altman and starring Jennifer Jason Leigh, Miranda Richardson, Harry Belafonte, Michael Murphy, Steve Buscemi, Dermot Mulroney. It was distributed by Fine Line Features.

Diplomatic Courier

Diplomatic Courier is a 1952 American spy crime drama film noir movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Tyrone Power, Patricia Neal, Stephen McNally. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Hellevoetsluis

Hellevoetsluis is a city and former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2022, 40,574 people lived there.

On 1 January 2023, it was merged with the former municipalities of Brielle and Westvoorne to form the new municipality of Voorne aan Zee.

Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht

Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht is a municipality in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. About 31,000 people were living there in 2021.



Hillegom

Hillegom is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 21,966 people lived there.

Hoeksche Waard

Hoeksche Waard is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 86,732 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Binnenmaas, Cromstrijen, Korendijk, Oud-Beijerland, and Strijen.

Binnenmaas

Binnenmaas is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

It was created on 1 January 1984 from the former municipalities of Puttershoek, Maasdam, Mijnsheerenland, Westmaas and Heinenoord. Since 2007, 's-Gravendeel was part to Binnenmaas. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with the former municipalities of Cromstrijen, Korendijk, Oud-Beijerland, and Strijen to form the new municipality of Hoeksche Waard.

Cromstrijen

Cromstrijen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with the former municipalities of Binnenmaas, Korendijk, Oud-Beijerland, and Strijen to form the new municipality of Hoeksche Waard.

Korendijk

Korendijk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with the former municipalities of Binnenmaas, Cromstrijen, Oud-Beijerland, and Strijen to form the new municipality of Hoeksche Waard.

Oud-Beijerland

Oud-Beijerland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with the former municipalities of Binnenmaas, Cromstrijen, Korendijk, and Strijen to form the new municipality of Hoeksche Waard.

Strijen

Strijen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with the former municipalities of Binnenmaas, Cromstrijen, Korendijk, and Oud-Beijerland to form the new municipality of Hoeksche Waard.

Kaag en Braassem

Kaag en Braassem is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 26,866 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2009 from the former municipalities of Alkemade and Jacobswoude.

Krimpen aan den IJssel

Krimpen aan den IJssel is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2022, 29,415 people lived there.

Krimpenerwaard

Krimpenerwaard is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2022, 57,062 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2015 from the former municipalities of Bergambacht, Nederlek, Ouderkerk, Schoonhoven, and Vlist.

Lansingerland

Lansingerland is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 61,601 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2007 from the former municipalities of Berkel en Rodenrijs, Bleiswijk and Bergschenhoek.

Berkel en Rodenrijs

Berkel en Rodenrijs is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Lansingerland.

Bleiswijk

Bleiswijk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Lansingerland.

's-Gravendeel

's-Gravendeel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2007, 9,023 people lived there.

Since 2007, it had been part to Binnenmaas. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Hoeksche Waard.

Agile marketing

Agile marketing is a term used in marketing. Agile marketing means using the results of a marketing campaign to analyze whether the campaign is going to succeed or fail at the end and adjusting the marketing strategy. If initial results from the marketing campaign suggests the campaign is going to be a successful one, the marketers will use the data to make it a more successful one. If the initial results suggests the campaign is failing, the marketers can adjust their strategy to minimize their costs and make the failing campaign a successful one.


The concept of Agile Marketing was put forward on June 11, 2012 at a gathering of marketers known as the "Sprint Zero"

Audio editing software

Editors designed for use with music typically allow the user to do the following:
Typically these tasks can be performed in a manner that is non-linear. Each time the edited audio is played back, it is reconstructed from the original source and the specified editing steps.

Liemeer

Liemeer is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Nieuwkoop.

Ter Aar

Ter Aar is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Nieuwkoop.

Nieuwkoop

Nieuwkoop is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 28,628 people lived there.

It was enlarged with the former municipalities of Liemeer and Ter Aar on 1 January 2007.

Henry Morgan

Sir Henry Morgan (24 January 1635 - 25 August 1688) was a Welsh privateer, plantation owner, and, later, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica. From his base in Port Royal, Jamaica, he raided settlements and shipping on the Spanish Main, becoming wealthy as he did so.

Manx Americans

Manx Americans are Americans with one or more ancestor from the Isle of Man.

Ranoidea rivicola

Ranoidea rivicola is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists have only seen this frog in Papua Province, about 750 meters above sea level.

Job board

Job board or an employment website is a website created for looking for employment. Job board is an online platform that displays a wide range of job advertisements. Employers usually pays fees for jobs posting. Online job exchanges are usually free of charge for job seekers. You can often find tips and information on the topics of jobs, careers and applications on job exchanges. Some job boards also specialize in certain industries, occupational groups or geographical areas.

Flag of Bermuda

The flag of Bermuda was adopted on 4 October 1910. It is a British Red Ensign with the Union Flag in the upper left corner, and the coat of arms of Bermuda in the lower right.

Berimbau

The berimbau () is a single-string percussion instrument, a musical bow, from Brazil. Originally from Africa where it receives different names, the berimbau was eventually brought into the practice of the Afro-Brazilian martial art "capoeira", the berimbau leads the capoeiristas movement in the "roda"—the faster the berimbau is playing the faster the capoeirista moves in the game.

Leiderdorp

Leiderdorp is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 27,109 people lived there.

Leidschendam-Voorburg

Leidschendam-Voorburg is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 75,425 people lived there.

Maassluis

Maassluis is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 32,768 people lived there.

Midden-Delfland

Midden-Delfland is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 19,391 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2004 from the former municipalities of Maasland and Schipluiden.

Molenlanden

Molenlanden is a municipality in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. About 44,000 people were living there in 2021.

It was created from the former municipalities of Giessenlanden and Molenwaard on 1 January 2019.

Molenlanden covers most part of the Alblasserwaard region. A tiny part in the southeast lies in the Vijfheerenlanden region.


Nissewaard

Nissewaard is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 84,797 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2015 from the former municipalities of Bernisse and Spijkenisse.

Alkemade

Alkemade is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2009, it has been part of the new municipality of Kaag en Braassem.

Jacobswoude

Jacobswoude is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2009, it has been part of the new municipality of Kaag en Braassem.

River Cole

The River Cole may mean:


Southland (TV series)

Southland is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC for one season from April 9 to May 21, 2009, and then on TNT for four seasons from March 2, 2010, to April 17, 2013.

Gore, New Zealand

Gore () is a town and district in the Southland region of the South Island of New Zealand.

Car alarm

A car alarm is a device for a vehicle to prevent it from being stolen.

When a car alarm is triggered it makes a loud sound and causes headlights to flash repeatedly.

Gangster Story

Gangster Story is a 1960 American crime drama movie directed by Walter Matthau (who also stars) and also starring Carol Grace, Garry Walberg, Bruce MacFarlane, Clegg Hoyt, Raikin Ben-Ari.

Victor Zalgaller

Victor (or Viktor) Abramovich Zalgaller (, ‎; 25 December 1920 – 2 October 2020) was a Russian mathematician. His focus was in the fields of geometry and optimisation. He is known for his results on convex polyhedra, linear and dynamic programming, isoperimetry and differential geometry.

Zalgaller lived in Saint Petersburg most of his life. He studied and worked at the Leningrad State University and the Saint Petersburg branch of Steklov Institute of Mathematics. He did his early work under direction of Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov and Leonid Kantorovich.

Zalgaller was born in Parfino, Novgorod Governorate. He was Jewish. In 1999, he moved to Israel. Zalgaller died on 2 October 2020 at the age of 99.

Humvee

The High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV; colloquial: Humvee) is an American military SUV produced by AM General. The Hummer is a civilian version of the Humvee.


Latina poetry

Latina poetry is poetry written by women of Latin American ancestry.

Many Latina poets live in the United States. Some are American immigrants. Others are born in the United States into Latin American families. Mexican-American women poets, Cuban-American women poets, and Puerto Rican women poets are examples of Latina poets.They often write poems code-switching between Spanish and English. Some Latina poets write mix English and Spanish into Spanglish.

The main Latina poets are Gloria E. Anzaldúa, Giannina Braschi, Sandra Cisneros, Ana Castillo, Cherríe Moraga, and Lorna Dee Cervantes. Newer Latina poets include Ada Limon, Monica de la Torre, and Elizabeth Acevedo. Latina poetry has many different literary styles. Sandra Cisneros and Ana Castillo write lyric poems about families, migration, and borders. Giannina Braschi writes epic poetry about love, politics, and war.

Latina poetry has many subjects. Popular topics are love, family, immigration, exile, the Mexican border with the United States, and social justice. Many Latina poets, including Ana Castillo, Julia Alvarez, and Judith Cofer Ortiz, write about their family, food, language, Latino culture, and their grandmothers.




Ana Castillo

Ana Castillo (born June 15, 1953) is a Chicana poet, novelist, and essayist. She writes in English. She sometimes uses Spanglish words and phrases.

She was born and raised in Chicago. She writes stories about her Mexican ancestors. When she was a nine year old girl, she wrote her first poems about death of her Latina grandmother. Her famous books are "The Invitation" (1979), "Women Are Not Roses" (1984), and "Massacre of the Dreamers" (1994).

She writes essays about race, sex, and gender in the United States and Mexico. She also writes science fiction.


Strangers When We Meet (movie)

Strangers When We Meet is a 1960 American romantic drama movie directed by Richard Quine and was based on the novel by Ed McBain. It stars Kirk Douglas, Kim Novak, Ernie Kovacs, Barbara Rush, Walter Matthau, Virginia Bruce, Nancy Kovack and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Champion (1949 movie)

Champion is a 1949 American drama movie directed by Mark Robson and was based on the short story by Ring Lardner. It stars Kirk Douglas, Marilyn Maxwell, Arthur Kennedy, Paul Stewart, Lola Albright, Ruth Roman, Luis van Rooten and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 6 Academy Awards and won an Oscar in 1950.


American poetry

American poetry is poetry of the United States. It is most often written in English. 

Emily Dickinson and Walt Whitman are the most famous American poets. They lived in the 19th century. She wrote short lyric poems about nature and human feelings.He wrote epic poetry. There are many poetry movements or styles. 

After World War I, Modernist poetry became popular. The poets were inspired by European poetry, Asian poetry (such as Haikus), and Latin American poetry. The most famous Modernist poets were Ezra Pound (1885–1972) and T. S. Eliot (1888–1965). Pound wrote an epic poem called Cantos. Eliot wrote the most famous modern American poem, The Waste Land; it is a dramatic poem. He also wrote popular lyrical about cats. 

During the Vietnam War, the Beat poets became very popular. Beat poets wrote about the American landscape, human sexuality, United States politics, and the Vietnam war. Jack Kerouac (1922–1969), Allen Ginsberg (1926–1997), Gary Snyder (born 1930), Diane Di Prima (born 1934), Amiri Baraka (born 1934) and Lawrence Ferlinghetti (born 1919) are Beat poets. 

Songwriter and poet Bob Dylan won the Nobel prize in 2016. 

The Nuyorican poets emerged in the 1970s and 1980s. They migrated from Puerto Rico to New York City. They wrote poems in Spanish, English, and Spanglish (language). They also perform their poems in clubs such as the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. Many poems describe racism, drugs, prison, and poverty. Others write with humor and optimism about love and triumph. Nuyorican poets include Pedro Pietri, Miguel Pinero, and Giannina Braschi. Other Latina poets who also wrote in Spanish and Spanglish are Gloria E. Anzaldúa, Sandra Cisneros, Lorna Dee Cervantes, and Ana Castillo. These Latina poets were a part of the Chicano Movement and the Feminist movement. 

There are many great African American poets. Black American poets have included Gwendolyn Brooks (born in 1917), Maya Angelou (born in 1928), Ishmael Reed (born in 1938), Nikki Giovanni (born in 1943), Amiri Baraka, Kwame Dawes, Claudia Rankine, Terence Hayes, Tracy K. Smith and Kevin Young.

Feminist poets write about women’s rights, female sexuality, female creativity, motherhood, and identity, among other topics. They include Adrienne Rich (1929–2012), Alicia Ostriker, Marilyn Hacker, and Amy Gerstler (born in 1956).

Academy of American Poets, Library of Congress, Poetry Society of America, Poetry Foundation are organizations that support US poets. 

An Innocent Man (movie)

An Innocent Man is a 1989 American crime drama movie directed by Peter Yates and starring Tom Selleck, F. Murray Abraham, Laila Robins, David Rasche, Richard Young, Bruce A. Young, Badja Djola, Todd Graff. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Khurto Hajji Ismail

Khurto Hajji Ismail or Babe Şêx (1933 – 1 October 2020, ) was the religious leader of the Yazidi community of Iraq. He held this position from 2007 to 2020. He lived in Ain Sifni, Iraq.

He died on 1 October 2020 in a hospital in Erbil from heart and kidney failure, aged 87.

Derek Mahon

Derek Mahon (23 November 1941 – 1 October 2020) was an Irish poet. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. 

In 1968, while spending a year teaching English at Belfast High School, he published his first collection of poems "Night Crossing". He later taught in a school in Dublin and worked in London as a freelance journalist.

In 2007 he was awarded the David Cohen Prize for Literature. He won the Poetry Now Award in 2006 for his collection, "Harbour Lights", and again in 2009 for his "Life on Earth" collection.

On 1 October 2020, Mahon died after a short illness in Cork, Ireland, aged 78.

Barry Mahy

Barry Mahy (21 January 1942 – 1 October 2020) was an English-American Association football defender. He began his career with Scunthorpe United and finished it with the New York Cosmos. 

He also earned four caps with the U.S. national team in 1973.

Mahy died on 1 October 2020 at the age of 78.

Charade

Charade is a 1963 American romantic mystery comedy movie directed by Stanley Donen and was based on the 1961 short story by Peter Stone and Marc Behm. It stars Cary Grant, Audrey Hepburn, James Coburn, George Kennedy, Walter Matthau and was distributed by Universal Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1964. It was remade as "The Truth About Charlie" in 2002.


Alfredo Marañon

Alfredo G. Marañon Jr. (December 21, 1935 – October 1, 2020) was a Filipino PDP–Laban politician. He was Governor of Negros Occidental from 2010 to 2019. He was Mayor of Sagay City between 2001 to 2010. Marañon was born in Sagay City. 

Marañon died on October 1, 2020 in Bacolod, Philippines from heart disease, aged 84.

Murder of James Bulger

James Patrick Bulger (16 March 1990 – 12 February 1993) was a 2-year-old boy from Kirkby, Merseyside, England, who was kidnapped, tortured and killed by two 10-year-old boys, Robert Thompson and Jon Venables, on 12 February 1993. 

Bulger was taken away from the New Strand Shopping Centre in Bootle, Merseyside. His tortured body was found on a railway line away in Walton, Liverpool, Merseyside, two days after his abduction. Thompson and Venables were charged on 20 February 1993 with Bulger's abduction and murder.

They were found guilty on 24 November 1993, making them the youngest convicted murderers in modern British history. They were released in 2001. In November 2017, Venables was again sent to prison for having child abuse images on his computer.

The Bulger case created a debate on the issue of how to handle young serious crime offenders when they are sentenced or released from custody.

Hilari Raguer

Hilari "Ernest" Raguer i Suñer (11 August 1928 – 1 October 2020) was a Spanish monk, historian and political activist. He was born in Madrid. He was honored with the Creu de Sant Jordi in 2014. Raguer was a well known critic and activist against the Francisco Franco regime. He worked at the Santa Maria de Montserrat Abbey.

Raguer died on 1 October 2020 at the Santa Maria de Montserrat Abbey at the age of 92.

Murray Schisgal

Murray Schisgal (November 25, 1926 – October 1, 2020) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He was born in New York City. He wrote the screenplay for "Tootsie".

His 1965 Broadway debut, "Luv", was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Play and for Best Author of a Play. 

His other plays include "Jimmy Shine", "74 Georgia Avenue", "Naked Old Man" and "All Over Town".

Schisgal died on October 1, 2020 at his home in Port Chester, New York at the age of 93.

Blue Cow (cartoon)

Blue Cow is an animated blue cow made by Blue-Zoo. She was seen in the BBC children's television series The Story Makers. The television series was mostly shown on CBeebies, but was previously shown on BBC Two.

Blue Cow wonders what happens outside the field she lives in. In all episodes, she wonders about something different. The other cows in the field, who are black and white, do not believe her, so they say "she's off again." Blue Cow then rides in a red double decker bus, which takes her to a place where she finds out the answer to what she is wondering about.

When Blue Cow goes back to her field at the end of the episode, she tells the other cows in the field what she did during the day. The other cows still do not believe her, so they say "Everyone knows cows can't ...", then a description of what she did. After that, the narrator usually says "But we know they can, don't we?".

Ananta Charan Sukla

Ananta Charan Sukla (6 November 1942 – 1 October 2020) was an Indian educator, philosopher and historian. He was a professor of English and Comparative Literature at Sambalpur University. He was born in Odisha, India. Sukla was the founding editor of the international half-yearly "Journal of Comparative Literature and Aesthetics".

Sukla died on 1 October 2020 in Odisha from multiple organ failure at the age of 77.

Héctor Cavallero

Héctor Cavallero (October 2, 1939 – October 2, 2020) was an Argentine Socialist politician. He was born in Las Parejas, Santa Fe. He was Mayor of Rosario, Santa Fe from 1989 to 1995. Cavallero was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1999 to 2003. 

Cavallero died on his 81st birthday on October 2, 2020 at a hospital from pneumonia-related problems in Rosario.

Love Affair (1939 movie)

Love Affair is a 1939 American romance movie. It was directed by Leo McCarey. The movie stars Irene Dunne, Charles Boyer, Maria Ouspenskaya, Lee Bowman, Astrid Allwyn and Maurice Moscovitch. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. The movie was nominated for 6 Academy Awards in 1940. It was remade as "An Affair to Remember" in 1957 and "Love Affair" in 1994.


Cokeburg, Pennsylvania

Cokeburg is a borough in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area since 1950. The population was 629 at the 2020 census.

The Awful Truth

The Awful Truth is a 1937 American romantic comedy movie directed by Leo McCarey and was based on the 1923 play of the same name by Arthur Richman. It stars Cary Grant, Irene Dunne, Ralph Bellamy, Alexander D'Arcy, Cecil Cunningham, Esther Dale, Joyce Compton, Molly Lamont and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Academy Awards and won an Oscar in 1938.


Heinz Kördell

Heinz "Heiner" Kördell (8 January 1932 – 2 October 2020) was a German footballer. In 1958, he was German champion with Schalke 04. He played one international match for West Germany. 

Kördell died on 2 October 2020, aged 88.


Parliament of Malaysia

The Parliament of Malaysia () is the national legislature of Malaysia, based on the Westminster system. The bicameral parliament is made up of the Dewan Rakyat (House of Representatives) and the Dewan Negara (Senate). 

The Parliament meets at the Malaysian Houses of Parliament, located in the national capital city of Kuala Lumpur.

The term "Member of Parliament (MP)" usually relates to a member of the Dewan Rakyat, the lower house of the Parliament.

The term "Senator" usually relates to a member of the Dewan Negara, the upper house of the Parliament.

Malaysian Houses of Parliament

The Malaysian Houses of Parliament (Malay: "Bangunan Parlimen Malaysia"), is a building where the Malaysian Parliament assembles. The structure is located at the Lake Gardens in Kuala Lumpur, close to the Malaysian National Monument.


Dewan Rakyat

The Dewan Rakyat (Malay for 'House of Representatives'; ) is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament, the federal legislature of Malaysia. 

The Dewan Rakyat sits in the Houses of Parliament in Kuala Lumpur, along with the Dewan Negara, the upper house.

Dewan Negara

The Dewan Negara (Malay for "Senate", literally "State Assembly") is the upper house of the Parliament of Malaysia, consisting of 70 senators of whom 26 are elected by the state legislative assemblies.

Two senators are elected for each state, while the other 44 are appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King), including four who are appointed to represent the federal territories.

Liew Vui Keong

Liew Vui Keong (; 18 January 1960 – 2 October 2020) was a Malaysian politician. He was born in Kota Belud, Malaysia. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. 

He was a member of the parliament between 2008 to 2013 and again from 2018 until his death. He also was the Minister in the Prime Minister's Department from 2018 until 2020. He worked during the Mahathir Mohamad cabinet.

Liew died at a hospital in Sabah, Malaysia on 2 October 2020 from pneumonia caused by spinal surgery, aged 60.

Martin Havelka

Martin Havelka (10 July 1958 – 2 October 2020) was a Czech actor. Havelka was born in Karlovy Vary, Czechoslovakia. He was known for his stage roles on the National Theatre Brno and Brno City Theatre. He appeared on Czech productions of "Jesus Christ Superstar", "My Fair Lady", "Mary Poppins" and "Little Shop of Horrors".

Havelka died in a car crash on 2 October 2020 in Brno at the age of 62.

Bob Miller (ice hockey)

Robert Michael Miller, Jr. (September 28, 1956 – October 1, 2020) was an American professional ice hockey player. He played 404 games in the National Hockey League between 1977 and 1985. He played for the Boston Bruins, Colorado Rockies and the Los Angeles Kings. He was born in Medford, Massachusetts.

Miller died on October 1, 2020 at the age of 64 in Tampa Bay, Florida.

A Ticket to Tomahawk

A Ticket to Tomahawk is a 1950 American western comedy movie directed by Richard Sale and starring Dan Dailey, Anne Baxter, Marilyn Monroe, Rory Calhoun, Walter Brennan, Charles Kemper, Connie Gilchrist. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jacques-Louis Monod

Jacques-Louis Monod (25 February 1927 – 21 September 2020) was a French composer, pianist and conductor. He conducted the musical works of Charles Ives, Edgard Varèse, Arnold Schoenberg, Anton Webern and uptown music. He was born in Asnières-sur-Seine, France.

Monod died on 21 September 2020 in Toulouse, France at the age of 93.

Neil Brannon

Neil Brannon (October 29, 1940 – September 22, 2020) was an American politician. He was in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from the 3rd district from 2002 to 2010. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Brannon was born in Muse, Oklahoma.

Brannon died of a heart attack on September 22, 2020, in Fort Smith, Arkansas at age 79.

Muse, Oklahoma

Muse is an unincorporated community in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States. Muse is located along Oklahoma State Highway 63 southeast of Talihina.

Jacques Senard

Jacques Senard (21 November 1919 – 22 September 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Corgoloin, France. He was the French Ambassador to the Netherlands between 1972 to 1976 and to Egypt between 1976 to 1979.

Senard died on 22 September 2020 in Arles, France at the age of 100.

Ensign Pulver

Ensign Pulver is a 1964 American World War II comedy movie directed by Joshua Logan and is the sequel to the 1955 movie "Mister Roberts". It stars Robert Walker, Burl Ives, Walter Matthau, Millie Perkins, Kay Medford, Larry Hagman, Diana Sands, Jack Nicholson, James Coco and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Tjalling Waterbolk

Harm Tjalling "Tjalling" Waterbolk (18 May 1924 – 27 September 2020) was a Dutch archaeologist. He was a professor of archaeology and director of the Biological-Archaeological Institute at the University of Groningen between 1954 and 1987.

Waterbolk was known for his interdisciplinary work in archaeology.

Waterbolk died on 27 September 2020 in Haren, Groningen, aged 96.

Observational learning

One way to learn new skills is by observing the behavior of other people or animals. This is called Observational learning. It is a form of social learning which can take different forms. In humans, this form of learning seems to not need reinforcement; instead a social model such as a parent, sibling, friend, or teacher with surroundings is needed. For a child, a model is someone of authority or higher status in an environment. In animals, observational learning is often based on classical conditioning. In classical conditioning instinctive behavior is provoked by observing the behavior of another (e.g. mobbing in birds), but other processes may be involved as well.

Many behaviors that a learner observes, remembers, and imitates are actions that the model does not try to intentionally instill: A child may learn to swear, smack, smoke, and deem other inappropriate behavior acceptable through poor modeling. Albert Bandura claims that children continually learn desirable and undesirable behavior through observational learning. Observational learning suggests that an individual's environment, cognition, and behavior all incorporate and ultimately determine how the individual functions and models.

Through observational learning, individual behaviors can spread across a culture through a process called "diffusion chain". This occurs when an individual first learns a behavior by observing another individual and that individual serves as a model for other individuals to learn the behavior.

Culture plays a role in whether observational learning is the dominant learning style in a person or community. Some cultures expect children to actively participate in their communities: the children are therefore exposed to different trades and roles on a daily basis. This exposure allows children to observe and learn the different skills and practices that are valued in their communities.

Albert Bandura, who is known for the classic Bobo doll experiment, identified this basic form of learning in 1961. The importance of observational learning lies in helping individuals, especially children, acquire new responses by observing others' behavior.

<nowiki> </nowiki>Albert Bandura states that people's behavior could be determined by their environment. Observational learning occurs through observing negative and positive behaviors. Bandura believes in reciprocal determinism in which the environment can influence people's behavior and vice versa. For instance, the Bobo doll experiment shows that the model, in a determined environment, affects children's behavior. In this experiment Bandura demonstrates that one group of children placed in an aggressive environment would act the same way, while the control group and the other group of children placed in a passive role model environment hardly shows any type of aggression.

In communities where children's primary mode of learning is through observation, the children are rarely separated from adult activities. This allows children to use observational learning skills in multiple spheres of life. This learning through observation requires them to be attentive. Culturally, they learn that their participation and contributions are valued in their communities. This teaches children that it is their duty, as members of the community, to observe others' contributions so they gradually become involved and participate more in the community.

When an animal is given a task to complete, it is almost always more successful after observing another animal doing the same task before them. Experiments with several different species have shown the same effect: animals can learn behaviors from peers. However, there is a need to make a difference between the propagation of behavior and the stability of behavior. An animal might show the behaviour just once. In this case, the behaviour is not stable. Research has shown that social learning can spread a behavior, but there are more factors regarding how a behaviour is spread from one generaton of animals to the next, in an animal culture.

Experiments with ninespine sticklebacks showed that individuals will use social learning to locate food.

A study in 1996 at the University of Kentucky used a foraging device to test social learning in pigeons. A pigeon could access the food reward by either pecking at a treadle or stepping on it. Significant correspondence was found between the methods of how the observers accessed their food and the methods the initial model used in accessing the food.

The University of Washington studied this phenomenon with crows: There is a tradeoff between acquiring costly information firsthand and learning that information socially. Using social learning is easier for the individual, but there is a risk of inaccuracy. The experimenters exposed wild crows to a unique “dangerous face” mask as they trapped, banded, and released 7-15 birds at five different study places around Seattle, WA. An immediate scolding response to the mask after trapping by previously captured crows illustrates that the individual crow learned the danger of that mask. There was a scolding from crows that were captured that had not been captured initially. That response indicates conditioning from the mob of birds that assembled during the capture.

Learning from peers is called horizontal social learning, learning from parents is called vertical social learning. Horizontal social learning is consistent with the lone crows that recognized the dangerous face without ever being captured. Children of captured crow parents were conditioned to scold the dangerous mask, which demonstrates earning from parents. The crows that were captured directly had the most precise discrimination between dangerous and neutral masks than the crows that learned from the experience of their peers. The ability of crows to learn doubled the frequency of scolding, which spread at least 1.2  km from where the experiment started to over a 5-year period at one site.

Observational learning allows for new skills to be learned in a wide variety of areas. Demonstrations help the modification of skills and behaviors.

When learning skills for physical activities can be anything that is learned that requires physical movement, such as learning a sport, learning to eat with a fork, or learning to walk. There are multiple important factors that help with modifying physical skills and psychological responses from an observational learning standpoint. Modeling is a factor in observational learning where the skill level of the model is considered. When someone is supposed to demonstrate a physical skill such as throwing a baseball the model should be able to execute the behavior of throwing the ball flawlessly if the model of learning is a mastery model. Another model that can be used is a coping model: This model would show a physical skill that they have not yet mastered or achieved high performance in. Both models are found to be effective and can be used. These models can be used as interventions to increase observational learning in practice, competition, and rehabilitation situations.

Recent research in neuroscience has shown that mirror neurons are the basis for observational learning. These specialized visuomotor neurons fire action potentials when an individual performs a motor task and also fire when an individual passively observes another individual performing the same motor task. In observational motor learning, the process begins with a visual presentation of another individual performing a motor task, this acts as a model. The learner then needs to transform the observed visual information into internal motor commands that will allow them to perform the same motor task; this is known as visuomotor transformation. Mirror neuron networks provide a mechanism for visuo-motor and motor-visual transformation and interaction. Similar networks of mirror neurons have also been implicated in social learning, motor cognition and social cognition.


Scott Lilienfeld

Scott O. Lilienfeld (December 23, 1960 – September 30, 2020) was an American psychologist. He was a professor of psychology at Emory University and support for evidence-based treatments. 

He was known for his book "50 Great Myths of Popular Psychology". His works have been seen on "The New York Times", "The New Yorker", and "Scientific American".

Lilienfeld has made television appearances on "20/20", CNN and the "CBS Evening News".

Lillienfeld died on September 30, 2020 from pancreatic cancer in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 59.

Jacques Brunhes

Jacques Brunhes (7 October 1934 – 30 September 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the French Communist Party. Brunhes was born in Paris.

He represented Hauts-de-Seine in the National Assembly from 1978 to 2007. Between 2001 to 2002, he was the Minister of Tourism. Before, between 1987 to 2001, he was Mayor of Gennevilliers.

Brunhes died on 30 September 2020 at the age of 85. 

Lou Johnson

Louis Brown Johnson (September 22, 1934 – September 30, 2020) was an American baseball player. He was born in Lexington, Kentucky. In 1965, he became a World Series champion. His career lasted between 1960 to 1969. 

Johnson played for the Chicago Cubs, Los Angeles Angels, Milwaukee Braves, Los Angeles Dodgers, Cleveland Indians and California Angels.

Johnson died on September 30, 2020 in Los Angeles, just one week after his 86th birthday.

John Jenkins (American politician)

John Jenkins (May 29, 1952September 30, 2020) was an American martial artist, motivational speaker, community organizer, and politician. He was born in Newark, New Jersey.

He was the first African American Mayor of Lewiston, Maine from 1994 to 1998, a Member of the Maine Senate from 1996 to 1998 and the Mayor of Auburn, Maine from 2007 to 2009.

Jenkins unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Maine in 2018 as an Independent, losing to Democrat Janet T. Mills.

Jenkins died on September 30, 2020 at the age of 68.

Leonard Mastroni

Leonard A. Mastroni (May 28, 1949 – September 30, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member for the 117th district in the Kansas House of Representatives from 2017 to 2020. Mastroni was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Mastroni died on September 30, 2020 in La Crosse, Kansas at age 71.

White Fawn's Devotion

White Fawn's Devotion: A Play Acted by a Tribe of Red Indians in America is a Silent movie. It was filmed in 1910, in the United States. James Young Deer wrote and directed the film, but is not credited for this. His wife, Lillian St. Cyr is credited for playing Princess Red Wing as "White Fawn". The lead woman does not fit St. Cyr's description, so few people believe she played in the movie. The movie was shot in New Jersey at 24fps.

"White Fawn's Devotion" is the earliest surviving movie directed by a Native American. It was one of the earlier movies the French movie company Pathé shot in America. A reviewer in the "New York Dramatic Mirror" wrote that the movie "proves to be interesting if we can forget the New Jersey scenery" and noted that "it is not quite clear where the devotion comes in, nor of what it consists.".

In 2008, the movie was added to the United States National Film Registry as being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

When a settler in the Dakotas learns that he will inherit a large fortune, his Native American wife is upset. Believing that she will lose her husband if he returns East, she stabs herself with a knife. Her husband finds her and removes the knife, but their daughter sees him with the knife in his hand and her apparently dead mother. The girl believes that her father committed the murder, and alerts the nearby Indian village. Several Indians then chase the settler. When the settler is captured, the Indians intend to put him to death until White Fawn miraculously comes to life again. She tells the truth to the Indians. This ending, in which an interracial couple ends up together, is a rare occurrence for this period of film production.

James Young Deer (also known as J. Younger Johnston or James Young Johnson) was believed to be the first Native American film director. His ancestors were members of the Nanticoke people of Delaware. Young Deer was hired by Pathé Frères as a director and scenario writer and frequently worked in collaboration with his actress wife Lillian St. Cyr, also known by her stage name Princess Red Wing. He made over 100 movies. "White Fawn's Devotion" is one of them.


South Ogden, Utah

South Ogden is a city in Weber County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 17,488 people lived in South Ogden. It is part of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. 

Charlie Adler

Charles Michael Adler (born October 2, 1956) is an American voice actor, comedian, television writer and voice director.

He is known for his roles as Buster Bunny in "Tiny Toon Adventures", Ed and Bev Bighead in "Rocko's Modern Life", Dinko in "Pet Alien" and Ickis in "Aaahh!!! Real Monsters".


Goodbye Charlie

Goodbye Charlie is a 1964 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Vincente Minnelli and was based on the 1959 play of the same name by George Axelrod. It stars Tony Curtis, Debbie Reynolds, Pat Boone, Ellen Burstyn, Joanna Barnes, Laura Devon, Walter Matthau, Martin Gabel, Michael Romanoff and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Noordwijk

Noordwijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 42,859 people lived there.

In 2019, the former municipality of Noordwijkerhout became a part of Noordwijk.

Oegstgeest

Oegstgeest is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 24,426 people lived there.

Papendrecht

Papendrecht is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 32,290 people lived there.

White House COVID-19 outbreak

In September and October 2020, multiple people at the White House tested positive for SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. 

On September16, it was reported that at least one unnamed staffer had tested positive.

On October 1, President Donald Trump, his wife Melania Trump, press advisor Hope Hicks, presidential campaign manager Bill Stepien, and former White House counselor Kellyanne Conway tested positive for the coronavirus. Claudia Conway, the daughter of Kellyanne Conway, announced on Oct 4 that she had tested positive as well. On October5, White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany announced she had also tested positive.

Trump tested positive days after the first presidential debate against Joe Biden in Cleveland, Ohio. Around eleven people tested positive who worked at the debates in Cleveland. Some of Trump's personal aides who prepared him for the debates also tested positive.

Many of the cases were rooted to be at the announcement of Amy Coney Barrett's nomination to the United States Supreme Court on September 26 and at a Trump campaign fundraiser event in Bedminster, New Jersey on October 1.

That same day, it was revealed that Senators Thom Tillis and Mike Lee both tested positive, as well as University of Notre Dame president John I. Jenkins. Three members of the White House press corps, including Michael D. Shear, also tested positive. 

On October 2, Trump was hospitalized at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. 

Also on October 2, many individuals connected to the White House were diagnosed with COVID-19.

On October 4, Trump left the hospital in order to ride past a gathering of supporters at the medical center, waving from the back seat of an SUV, before returning to the hospital. This was seen as a political stunt and many criticized Trump for possible putting other people at risk for getting infected. Many Secret Service agents were upset at Trump as he could have infected them with one agent saying: "He's not even pretending to care now".

The incident has been compared to the non-fatal shooting of Ronald Reagan in 1981, which saw similar concerns over continuity of government amid incapacitation of the president.

Stock markets briefly fell more than 1.5 percent after Trump announced his diagnosis, but they cut their losses after Pelosi said she anticipated an economic relief deal. The S&P 500 Index ended the day down almost 1 percent.

Twitter announced that any posts wishing for Trump's death would be removed for violating the platform's terms of service. Congresswomen Rashida Tlaib, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ilhan Omar, and Ayanna Pressley criticized Twitter for not taking threats against them seriously, pointing to longstanding posts calling for their deaths that had not been removed. Facebook and TikTok announced similar policies.

Vice President Mike Pence and his wife Karen, Presidential candidate Joe Biden, Biden's running mate Kamala Harris, Biden's wife Jill Biden, Attorney General William Barr, and Trump Supreme Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett all tested negative in the day following public revelation of the outbreak. 

Many of Trump's family members, including Ivanka Trump, Barron Trump, Jared Kushner, Eric Trump, and Donald Trump Jr. also received a negative result.

Pijnacker-Nootdorp

Pijnacker-Nootdorp is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 54,331 people lived there.

Ridderkerk

Ridderkerk is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 46,241 people lived there.

Northville, Michigan

Northville is a city in Oakland and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 6,119 at the 2020 census.

Moordrecht

Moordrecht is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2010, it has been part of the municipality of Zuidplas.

Atco, New Jersey

Atco is an unincorporated community in Waterford Township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Philadelphia-Camden metropolitan area.

Waterford Township, New Jersey

Waterford Township is a township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 10,421.

Rijswijk

Rijswijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 53,467 people lived there.

Ranoidea robinsonae

Ranoidea robinsonae is a frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it in Gulf Province but they think it lives in other places as well.

This frog is mostly green in color on the back with pale stripes. Three adult male frogs were 28.3-28.7 mm long from nose to rear end. Some of these frogs have dark spots.

Scientists say this frog is related to the dainty green tree frog.

Bergambacht

Bergambacht is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Krimpenerwaard.

Nederlek

Nederlek is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Krimpenerwaard.

Ouderkerk

Ouderkerk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Krimpenerwaard.

Schoonhoven

Schoonhoven is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Krimpenerwaard.

Vlist

Vlist is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Krimpenerwaard.

Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel

Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2010, it has been part of the new municipality of Zuidplas.

Zevenhuizen-Moerkapelle

Zevenhuizen-Moerkapelle is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2010, it has been part of the new municipality of Zuidplas.

Nicorhynchus

Nicorhynchus (meaning "knucker snout"; a knucker is a type of water dragon) was a pterosaur that has been discovered in both England and Morocco. Both species ("N. capito" and "N. fluviferox") were originally species of "Coloborhynchus".

Zuidplas

Zuidplas is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 42,762 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2010 from the former municipalities of Moordrecht, Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel and Zevenhuizen-Moerkapelle.

Schiedam

Schiedam is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 77,999 people lived there.

Sliedrecht

Sliedrecht is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 25,026 people lived there.

Vlaardingen

Vlaardingen is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 72,404 people lived there.

Rozenburg

Rozenburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. On 18 March 2010, it has become a part of the municipality of Rotterdam.

Voorschoten

Voorschoten is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 25,479 people lived there.

Rhys Isaac

Rhys Llywelyn Isaac (20 November 1937 – 6 October 2010) was a South African-born Australian historian of American history. Isaac won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "The Transformation of Virginia, 1740–1790". He is the only Australian historian to win a Pulitzer Prize. In 1963, he moved to Australia, where he taught at the University of Melbourne. He later worked at La Trobe University from 1971 to 1999, where he was Emeritus Professor of American History. In 1975, Isaac was a Distinguished Visiting Professor of Early American History at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.

Isaac was born in Cape Town. His twin brother, Glynn, was an archaeologist. His parents, William Edwyn Isaac and Frances Margaret Leighton, were botanists. 

On 6 October 2010, Isaac died of cancer in Blairgowrie, Victoria. He was 72.

Reece Mastin

Reece Mastin (born 24 November 1994) is an English-born Australian singer and songwriter. He won the third season of "The X Factor Australia" in 2011. Mastin then signed with Sony Music Australia. His first single, "Good Night", reached number one in Australia and New Zealand. The song also became Sony Music Australia's fastest selling digital single. Mastin's three studio albums are "Reece Mastin", "Beautiful Nightmare" and "Change Colours".

Mastin was born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire. At the age of 11, he moved with his family to Greenwith, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.


Buzz Lightyear of Star Command

Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is an American animated television series. It is an action-comedy science fiction superhero series based on the movie "". The series is made by Pixar Animation Studios and Walt Disney Television Animation.

Patrick Warburton was the voice of the main character Buzz in the series. He replaced Tim Allen who provided the voice in the "Toy Story" movies. The series was broadcast for nine seasons.

The series is set on Capital Planet and other planets. Space Rangers are led by Star Command of the Galactic Alliance. The main villain in the series is named Zurg.

Irina Slavina (journalist)

Irina Vyacheslavovna Murakhtaeva (; "née" Kolebanova; 8 January 1973 – 2 October 2020), better known as Irina Slavina, was a Russian journalist. She was the editor-in-chief of the "Koza.Press", which she founded in 2015. She was born in Gorky (now known as Nizhny Novgorod). She was married and had a daughter.

On 2 October 2020, Slavina died by suicide after setting herself on fire (self-immolation). She was 47. Before her death, she wrote a post on Facebook asking the public to blame the Russian Federation for her death. She carried out the action in front of the building of the Main Directorate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia for the Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.

Woody Creek, Colorado

Woody Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 290.

Kaba Gandhi No Delo

Kaba Gandhi No Delo (literally "Kaba Gandhi's house"), was Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi's primary family home in India until 1915, including during those years when he stayed in London and in South Africa. In Gujarati, the words Kaba Gandhi No Delo literally means 'Kaba Gandhi's residence'. Kaba Gandhi was another name for Gandhi's father Karamchand Gandhi.

Waddinxveen

Waddinxveen is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 28,316 people lived there.

Wassenaar

Wassenaar is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 26,211 people lived there.

Westland

Westland is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 108,603 people lived there.

Westvoorne

Westvoorne is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2022, 14,960 people lived there.

On 1 January 2023, it was merged with the former municipalities of Brielle and Hellevoetsluis to form the new municipality of Voorne aan Zee.

Zoeterwoude

Zoeterwoude is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2019, 8,450 people lived there.

Molenwaard

Molenwaard is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

It was created on 1 January 2013 from the former municipalities of Graafstroom, Liesveld and Nieuw-Lekkerland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Molenlanden.

Graafstroom

Graafstroom is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Since 2013, it had been part of the new municipality of Molenwaard. In 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Molenlanden.

Liesveld

Liesveld is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Since 2013, it had been part of the new municipality of Molenwaard. In 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Molenlanden.

Nieuw-Lekkerland

Nieuw-Lekkerland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Since 2013, it had been part of the new municipality of Molenwaard. In 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Molenlanden.

Dirksland

Dirksland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2013, it has been part of the new municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee.

Christine (novel)

Christine is a horror novel by American writer Stephen King, published on April 29, 1983. It is about a possessed 1958 Plymouth Fury.

On December 9, 1983 a movie of the same name was released.

Goedereede

Goedereede is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2013, it has been part of the new municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee.

Middelharnis

Middelharnis is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2013, it has been part of the new municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee.

Oostflakkee

Oostflakkee is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2013, it has been part of the new municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee.

Boskoop

Boskoop is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2014, it has been part of the municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn.

Rijnwoude

Rijnwoude is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Rijnwoude was created on 1 January 1991 as Rijneveld from the former municipalities of Benthuizen, Hazerswoude and Koudekerk aan den Rijn. In 1993, the municipality was renamed to Rijnwoude. In 2014, it has been part of the municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn.

Noordwijkerhout

Noordwijkerhout is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2019, it has been part of the municipality of Noordwijk.

Zederik

Zederik is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

It was created on 1 January 1986 from the former municipalities of Ameide, Hei- en Boeicop, Leerbroek, Lexmond, Meerkerk, Nieuwland, and Tienhoven aan de Lek. Zederik merged with Leerdam and Vianen to form the new municipality of Vijfheerenlanden in the province of Utrecht on 1 January 2019.

Bernisse

Bernisse is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Nissewaard.

Spijkenisse

Spijkenisse is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Nissewaard.

The city has about 72,500 people.

Almelo

Almelo is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 73,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region.


Borne, Netherlands

Borne is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 24,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region.


Dalfsen

Dalfsen is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 29,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies at the Vecht river in the region of Salland.


Dinkelland

Dinkelland is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 27,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region and borders Germany.


Circus Cowboy

Circus Cowboy is a 1924 American western drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and starring Buck Jones, Marian Nixon, Jack McDonald, Ray Hallor, Marguerite Clayton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and is a lost movie.

Ultra Warrior

Ultra Warrior is a 1990 American Peruvian science fiction action movie directed by Augusto Tamayo San Román and Kevin Tent. It stars Dack Rambo, Clare Beresford, Meshach Taylor, George Peppard and was distributed by Concorde Pictures.


Ranoidea serrata

Ranoidea serrata (also known as the green-eyed tree frog) is a tree frog from Australia.

The adult male frog is 3.7 to 5.4 cm long and the adult female is 5.8 to 8.0 cm long. This frog can be green, brown, orange or tan in color, and it often has a pattern on its back so it can look like moss or lichen to hide from larger animals that want to eat it.

Scientists used to think this frog was the same species as "Ranoidea genimaculata", which is also called "green-eyed tree frog." They also thought it was the same as "Ranoidea eucnemis" and "Ranoidea myola". "Ranoidea serrata" is larger than these other frogs and the male frogs' voices sound different. It also has a larger flap of skin next to its limbs. This skin is scalloped like a serrated knife. That is why its Latin name is "serrata". 

The Tigress

The Tigress () is a 1992 German erotic drama movie directed by Karin Howard and was based on the novel by Walter Serner. It stars James Remar, Valentina Vargas, George Peppard.


White nationalism

White nationalism is a type of nationalism that sees white people as a race. It also wants to keep a national identity of white people as a race. Many believers of white nationalism see certain countries (often their own country) as being countries that are for white people only. Often, supporters of white nationalism can also believe in white supremacy, nazism, Ku Klux Klan and other racist policies and ideas.

Charlie Haeger

Charles Wallis Haeger (September 19, 1983 – October 3, 2020) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played for the Chicago White Sox (2006–2007), the San Diego Padres (2008) and the Los Angeles Dodgers (2009–2010) in Major League Baseball (MLB). He was born in Livonia, Michigan.

On October 3, 2020, Haeger was found to have shot himself dead near the Grand Canyon in Arizona. He was the prime suspect in the shooting death of his ex-girlfriend, Danielle Breed, the day before.

Meigs County, Tennessee

Meigs County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 12,758 people lived there. The county seat is Decatur.

Morgan County, Tennessee

Morgan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 21,035 people lived there. The county seat is Wartburg. It was founded in 1817.

Haaksbergen

Haaksbergen is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 24,000 people were living there in 2021.

Haaksbergen lies in Twente region and borders both Achterhoek region and Germany.


Hardenberg

Hardenberg is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 61,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies at the Vecht river in Salland region and borders both Drenthe province and Germany.


Hellendoorn

Hellendoorn is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 36,000 people were living there in 2021.

Hellendoorn belongs to Salland region (except the very eastern part that belongs to Twente region) but administratively to Twente region.


Hof van Twente

Hof van Twente is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 35,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region and borders Achterhoek region.

It was created from the former municipalities of Diepenheim, Goor, Markelo, Ambt Delden and Stad Delden on 1 January 2001.


Olst-Wijhe

Olst-Wijhe is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 18,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in Salland and IJsselvallei regions.

It was created from the former municipalities of Olst and Wijhe on 1 January 2001.

The IJssel river flows through and alongside the western part of the municipality.


Ommen

Ommen is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 18,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies at the Vecht river in the region of Salland.


Raalte

Raalte is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 38,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in the region of Salland.


Rijssen-Holten

Rijssen-Holten is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 38,000 people were living there in 2021.

It was created from the former municipalities of Holten and Rijssen on 1 January 2001. The new municipality was called Rijssen but renamed in Rijssen-Holten in 2003.

Rijssen-Holten lies partially in Salland region (Holten area) and partially in Twente region (Rijssen area). Administratively the municipality belongs to Twente region. It borders Achterhoek region.


Staphorst

Staphorst is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 17,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in the region of Salland and the region of Kop van Overijssel.


Steenwijkerland

Steenwijkerland is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 44,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in the region of Kop van Overijssel.

In 2001, the municipalities of Brederwiede and IJsselham joined the municipality of Steenwijk. Last one was renamed Steenwijkerland in 2003.


Tubbergen

Tubbergen is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 21,000 people were living there in 2021.

Tubbergen lies in Twente region and borders Germany.


Twenterand

Twenterand is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 34,000 people were living there in 2021.

It was created from the former municipalities of Den Ham and Vriezenveen on 1 January 2001. The new municipality was called Vriezenveen but renamed in Twenterand in 2003.

Twenterand lies partially in Twente region (Vriezenveen area) and partially in Salland region (Den Ham area, except eastern Vroomshoop). Administratively the municipality belongs to Twente region.


Zwartewaterland

Zwartewaterland is a municipality in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 23,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in the region of Salland and the region of Kop van Overijssel.

It was created from the former municipalities of Genemuiden, Hasselt, and Zwartsluis on 1 January 2001.


Dick Johnson Is Dead

Dick Johnson Is Dead is a 2020 American documentary movie, directed by Kirsten Johnson and co-written by Johnson and Nels Bangerter. The story focuses on Johnson's father Richard, who suffers from dementia, portraying different ways—some of them violent "accidents" — in which he could ultimately die. In each scenario, the elderly Johnson plays along with his daughter's black humor and imaginative fantasies. The film premiered at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Special Jury Award for Innovation in Non-fiction Storytelling. It was released on Netflix on October 2, 2020.

Richard Johnson (referred to as "Dick") is a retired clinical psychiatrist who is suffering from dementia. His daughter Kirsten Johnson involves him in a series of imaginative enactments of his impending death, some of them violent "accidents", such as "falling down a flight of stairs, [or] being struck in the neck and bleeding out". She also has him act out his own funeral and fantasizes about him entering the gates of heaven. Dick amiably plays along with her black humor; in one scene he proposes, "You can euthanize me."


TUT.BY

TUT.BY is a web portal from Minsk, Belarus, in Russian and Belarusian languages. It has been runned since 2000. It is a very big website in the country.<ref name="Akt 9/20"></ref>

It is a website to read about the 2020 Belarusian protests and 2020 Belarusian presidential election, more. Because of that, at the end of September 2020, the Ministry of Information of Belarus stopped the TUT.BY’s media rights for three months from October 1. The international organization Reporters Without Borders named it a cruel attack on the web portal. The USA together with more than fifty other countries and the EU asked the Belarusian government to stop such attacks.

Yuri Zisser (1960–2020) made the website in October 2000. The website worked with digital media rights since January 2019.
Journalist Katsyaryna Barysevich wrote an article about the death of Raman Bandarenka in 2020. She was arrested in Minsk on November 19, 2020. On March 2, 2021, she was sentenced to a half-year in prison and got a fine for that.

On May 18, 2021, the TUT.BY office and the houses of its main people were looked for. It was a result of the just opened TUT.BY tax evasion criminal case. Since that day, the domain name was stopped working, copies of the TUT.BY website and the E-mail system of TUT.BY can't be opened. The Ministry of Information of Belarus made such punishment for "prohibited information" that the website has been having over it. One example of such information was named. It was information of BYSOL. BYSOL is a foundation that helps people who got punishments because of the 2020 Belarusian protests. At least 18 people who worked for TUT.BY were arrested on May 18, 2021.

As of May 25, 2021, 12 people were put in isolation centers, including the main editor Maryna Zolatava. As of May 25, 2021, three people, including the widow of Yuri Zisser Julia Charnyauskaya, were under a house arrest. On May 25, 2021, nine organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a statement together. They named all of 15 people political prisoners.

On July 8, 2021, a part of journalists of TUT.BY that was free made the second website Zerkalo.io. They said that this domain name is going to be used until TUT.BY can work in Belarus again. Since July 8, 2021, the website Zerkalo.io can't be opened in Belarus. In August, the Central District court of Minsk recognized both the new and the old projects and their content as extremist materials, which makes its distribution a misdemeanor offense in Belarus.

In June 2022, TUT BY MEDIA was declared extremist by a court in Minsk.

In March 2023, both Zolotova and Chekina were sentenced to 12 years in a general regime penal colony.

In June 2023, the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus designated Zerkalo as an extremist formation.




Berg en Dal

Berg en Dal is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 34,798 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2015 from the former municipalities of Groesbeek, Millingen aan de Rijn and Ubbergen. The resulting larger municipality kept the name of Groesbeek until 1 January 2016, when it was renamed to Berg en Dal after the village of Berg en Dal.


Berkelland

Berkelland is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 44,000 people were living there in 2021.

Berkelland lies in Achterhoek region and borders both Twente region and Germany.

It was created from the former municipalities of Borculo, Eibergen, Neede, and Ruurlo on 1 January 2005. It is named after the Berkel river.


Bronckhorst

Bronckhorst is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 36,000 people were living there in 2021.

Bronckhorst lies in the regions of Achterhoek and IJsselvallei. A small part in the southwest lies in the region of Liemers.

It was created from the former municipalities of Hengelo, Hummelo en Keppel, Steenderen, Vorden, and Zelhem on 1 January 2005.


Peter Jutzeler

Peter Jutzeler (9 May 1940 – 28 September 2020) was a Swiss wrestler. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Erlenbach, Switzerland.

Jutzeler died on 28 September 2020 at the age of 80.

Brummen

Brummen is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 20,698 people lived there.

Ogun

Ogun or Ogoun is a spirit that appears in several African religions. He is also known as the 'God of Iron' and is present in Voodoo.

Ogun is a powerful spirit of metal work. Also he is the spirit of war and patron deity of smiths and craftsmen. He was sent to earth to make it a nice place for people to live, and he has not yet finished this task. The primary symbol of Ogun is Iron.


Rijnwaarden

Rijnwaarden is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It became a part of the municipality of Zevenaar in 2018. Main seat was Lobith.

Rijnwaarden was situated where the Rhine river enters from Germany into the Netherlands.

Robert Adair (physicist)

Robert Kemp Adair (August 14, 1924 – September 28, 2020) was an American physicist. He latterly held the position of Sterling Professor Emeritus of physics at Yale University. He was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana. In 1997, he became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Adair died on September 28, 2020 in Hamden, Connecticut at the age of 96.

Nicolas Wildhaber

Nicolas Wildhaber (8 December 1929 – 26 September 2020) was a Swiss swimmer. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Zürich, Switzerland.

Wildhaber died on 26 September 2020, aged 90.

Riley Darnell

Riley Carlisle Darnell (May 13, 1940 – October 2, 2020) was an American Democratic politician, He was the Tennessee Secretary of State from 1993 to 2009. He was born in Clarksville, Tennessee. From 1971 to 1981, he was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives. Between 1981 to 1993, he was a member of the Tennessee Senate.

Darnell died on October 2, 2020, in Clarksville at age 80.

Ron Perranoski

Ronald Peter Perranoski (April 1, 1936 – October 2, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball left-handed relief pitcher, who played from 1961 through 1973. He was born in Paterson, New Jersey. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Minnesota Twins, Detroit Tigers, and the California Angels. 

Perranoski died on October 2, 2020 in Vero Beach, Florida at the age of 84.

MsChif

Rachel Frobel (née Collins, b. 1976) is an American professional wrestler who is better known by her ring name MsChif. She has been wrestling since 2001 and in that time has worked for several independent promotions across the United States, with guest matches in England and Japan. She is known for her banshee gimmick, howling at her opponents and referees who stand in her way, as well as her unusually flexible body that allows her to perform, and be subjected to, modified submission holds.

For two years, between 2008 and 2010, she was a triple crown champion holding the NWA World Women's Championship for the second time, as well as the Shimmer Championship and the NWA Midwest Women's Championship. As well as being a two-time NWA World Champion, she is also a ChickFight tournament winner.


Claude Vigée

Claude Vigée (born Claude Strauss; 3 January 1921 – 2 October 2020) was a French poet. He wrote in French and Alsatian. He was born in Bischwiller, Bas-Rhin. 

He taught French Language and Literature at Ohio State University, then at Wellesley College and then at Brandeis University. He lived in Israel between 1960 and 2001, where he taught at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem until his retirement in 1983.

Vigée died on Paris on 2 October 2020 at the age of 99.

Karel Fiala

Karel Fiala (3 August 1925 – 3 October 2020) was a Czech operatic tenor and actor. He was known for his work in operas and musicals, but received worldwide attention for his role of Mozart's Don Giovanni in the movie "Amadeus". Fiala was born in Hrušov, Czechoslovakia.

Fiala died on 3 October 2020 in Prague from a long-illness, aged 95.

Pradeep Maharathy

Pradeep Maharathy (4 July 1955 – 4 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD). He was born in Pipili, Odisha. From 1985 to 1995 and again from 2000 until his death, he was a member of the Odisha Legislative Assembly. 

Maharathy died on 4 October 2020 from COVID-19 at a hospital in Bhubaneshwar, aged 65.

Eli Ruckenstein

Eli Ruckenstein (August 13, 1925 – September 30, 2020) was a Romanian-born American physical chemist. He was a Distinguished Professor, Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. His main research areas were catalysis, surface phenomena, colloids and emulsions. 

Ruckenstein became a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1990 and was honored in 1998 of the National Medal of Science.

Ruckenstein died on September 30, 2020, at the age of 95.

Atlanta Police Department

The Atlanta Police Department (APD) is a law enforcement agency in the city of Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.

In 1873, the department was formed with 26 officers. Thomas Jones was elected the first Atlanta Chief of Police by the city council. 

The 1,700+ officer force is currently being led by former Assistant Police Chief Rodney Bryant (acting), after Chief Erika Shields resigned following the killing of Rayshard Brooks. Bryant will serve as interim police chief until the city finds replacement.

The Gang's All Here (1943 movie)

The Gang's All Here is a 1943 American musical movie directed by Busby Berkeley and starring Alice Faye, Carmen Miranda, Benny Goodman, Phil Baker, Eugene Pallette, Charlotte Greenwood, Edward Everett Horton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944.


Self-immolation

Self-immolation is the act where a person sets themself on fire. It is usually done for political or religious reasons. It is often used as an extreme form of protest or in acts of martyrdom.

The act of "setting oneself on fire, especially as a form of protest" was first recorded in Lady Morgan's "France" (1817).

Real life examples:


Martha Hart

Martha Joan Hart (; born October 31, 1966) is a Canadian philanthropist and researcher who is the widow of professional wrestler Owen Hart. After her husband's death in an accident at a WWF event, Hart sued the World Wrestling Federation. She later wrote a bestselling book about her husband's life and founded a charity in his name. She has subsequently been involved in several legal cases involving her husband's image and has worked as a philanthropist and researcher.


Sydney, Lady Morgan

Sydney, Lady Morgan ("née" Owenson; 25 December 1781? – 14 April 1859), was an Irish novelist. She was best known as the author of "The Wild Irish Girl".


Ibnu Saleh

Ibnu Saleh (8 October 1961 – 4 October 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Prabumulih, Indonesia. He was a member of the Nasdem Party. Between 2016 to 2017, he was Deputy Regent of the Central Bangka Regency. In 2017, he became the Regent. 

Saleh died on 4 October 2020 at a hospital in Pangkal Pinang, Indonesia from COVID-19, four days before his 59th birthday.

Pangkal Pinang

Pangkal Pinang is the capital and largest city of Bangka Belitung Islands province in Indonesia. It is located on Bangka Island's east coast.

Sunda Island tiger

The Sunda Island tiger is a tiger that lives on Sunda Islands. It used to live in Indonesia, Java, Bali and Sumatra. Now the only living Sunda Island tigers are in Sumatra. The ones in Java and Bali all died.

The Sunda Island tiger is a subspecies of "Panthera tigris", not a whole species by itself. This means their genes are a little different from those of tigers from other places. They are smaller than other tigers and more likely to have beards or manes of fur around their faces. They have thick black stripes over their orange fur. Scientists believe the Sunda island tigers became different from other tigers many years ago when the sea level rose and surrounded what is now the islands they live on.

They live in forests and swamps. There are fewer than 400 left alive in the wild. They weigh 165 to 308 pounds. 

They are endangered because of illegal hunting by humans and deforestation.

Bangka Belitung Islands

The Bangka Belitung Islands () is a province of Indonesia. It is made up of two main islands, Bangka and Belitung, and several smaller ones. 

Bangka Belitung is bordered by the Bangka Strait to the west, the Natuna Sea to the north, the Java Sea is to the south, and the Karimata Strait to the east. 

The province's capital and largest city is Pangkal Pinang. As of the 2015 census, the population of Bangka Belitung was 1,372,813.

Rachel Kempson

Rachel, Lady Redgrave (28 May 1910 – 24 May 2003) was an English actress. She married Sir Michael Redgrave in 1935.

Her best known roles were in the movies "The Captive Heart", "The Sea Shall Not Have Them", "The Jokers", "Two Gentlemen Sharing", "Out of Africa", "Uncle Vanya", and the television series "" (1974) and "The Jewel in the Crown". 

Roxxi Laveaux

Nicole Raczynski (born April 19, 1979) is an American former professional wrestler. She is best known for her tenure in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring names Roxxi Laveaux, The Voodoo Queen, and Roxxi. On December 6, Roxx defeated Alexxis in her retirement match. She is also known for her time in Shimmer Women Athletes and various other independent promotions under the ring name Nikki Roxx.


Giulia Albini

Giulia Albini (March 8, 1982 - May 29, 2012) was an Italian volleyball player. She committed suicide by jumping from the Istanbul Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge. Albini's body was spotted by a fisherman in Kandilli Stream Nose. Her suicide had wide media coverage.


Dangerous Years

Dangerous Years is a 1947 American drama movie directed by Arthur Pierson and starring Billy Halop, Scotty Beckett, Ann E. Todd, Richard Gaines, Jerome Cowan, Darryl Hickman, Marilyn Monroe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Spencer's river tree frog

Spencer's tree frog, Spencer's river tree frog or the spotted tree frog ("Ranoidea spenceri") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives near the Great Dividing Range in Victoria and New South Wales. It lives between 200 and 1200 metres above sea level.

The adult frog is 4.2 to 7.0 cm in length. It is green or brown and can have spots. This frog lives in forests on mountains, both dense forests and open forests, both dry forests high in the mountains and wet forests lower down. It always lives in rocky places near streams.

The female frog lays 300-1000 eggs at a time in between rocks or underneath rocks in the water. The tadpoles eat algae off rocks and dead things from the bottoms of the water. Male frogs that live near the bottoms of mountains become adults 18 months after transforming from tadpoles to frogs. Female frogs that live near the bottoms of mountains become adults 3.5 years after transforming into frogs. Male frogs that live high in the mountains become adults 3.5 years after transforming into frogs. Female frogs that live high in the mountains become adults 4.5 years after transforming into frogs. Adult frogs eat insects.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Scientists only ever saw this frog in 19 streams. The frog has disappeared from 4 of them. The other streams make up 12 groups of frogs who only mate within their group. Adult frogs do not move much. Scientists think a single frog does not move more than 80 meters in its whole life.

Scientists are not sure why this frog is endangered, but they think many of them died during the 20th century. They think two types of invasive species, the rainbow trout and brown trout are eating the tadpoles. This frog can catch the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

VIP

VIP or V.I.P. may refer to:

Campaign of Danture (1594)

Battle of Danture is the first battle which King Vimaladharmasuriya I fought against Portugese in 1594 which he successfully defeated them.

Buren

Buren is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 26,568 people lived there.

Culemborg

Culemborg is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 28,555 people lived there.

Doesburg

Doesburg is a municipality and city in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 11,000 people were living there in 2021.

Doesburg lies on the east bank of the IJssel river in the region of IJsselvallei. The northern part belongs also to the region of Achterhoek, the southern part also to the region of Liemers. The Oude IJssel river flows into the IJssel river in Doesburg.

It got city rights in 1237 and became a member of the Hanseatic League in 1447.

Doesburg is well-known for its mustard.


Doetinchem

Doetinchem (Achterhooks: "Deutekem" in the city or "Dörkum" in the region) is a municipality and city in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 58,000 people were living there in 2021.

The city lies in the Achterhoek region. The Oude IJssel river flows through Doetinchem.

It got city rights in 1236.

The former municipality of Wehl joined Doetinchem in 2005.


Druten

Druten is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 18,797 people lived there.

Duiven

Duiven (Liemers: "Duve", Low Saxon: "Duven") is a municipality and town in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 25,000 people were living there in 2021.

Duiven lies in the Liemers region, on the east bank of the Rhine river.


Elburg

Elburg is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 23,086 people lived there.

Epe

Epe is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 33,145 people lived there.

Ermelo

Ermelo is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 26,858 people lived there.

Harderwijk

Harderwijk (Dutch Low Saxon: "Harderwiek") is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. As of 2021, about 49,000 are living there.

Quadruped walk

The quadruped walk is a vertebrate which walks on four legs. This is the basic locomotion of amphibia, reptiles and mammals. Those which walk on two legs or those which fly have evolved from the basic pattern. The scientific term for quadrupeds is Tetrapoda.

Heerde

Heerde is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 18,546 people lived there.

Groenlo

Groenlo (Achterhooks: "Grolle") is a city and former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2020, about 9,900 people lived there. It lies in the Achterhoek region.

On 1 January 2005, the municipality of Lichtenvoorde was added to the municipality of Groenlo. Until 20 May 2006, Groenlo was the official name of Oost Gelre.

Groenlo got city rights in 1277.


Armelia McQueen

Armelia Audrey McQueen (January 6, 1952 – October 4, 2020) was an American actress. She was known for her roles as The Red Queen in "Adventures in Wonderland", in the original Broadway production of "Ain't Misbehavin'" and as Clara in "Ghost".

McQueen died on October 4, 2020 at the age of 68.

Heumen

Heumen is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 16,486 people lived there.

Lingewaard

Lingewaard is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 46,475 people lived there.

Lochem

Lochem is a municipality and city in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 34,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in the Achterhoek and the IJsselvallei regions, and borders the Salland region in the north.

Lochem got city rights in 1233. The municipality of Gorssel joined Lochem in 2005.

Between Lochem and Barchem lie the forests of the Lochemse Berg and the Kale Berg. The Twentekanaal begins at the southwest municipal border with the city of Zutphen and is running to the east, dividing the municipality of Lochem in two. The city of Lochem lies on the southside.


Maasdriel

Maasdriel is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 24,693 people lived there.

Montferland

Montferland is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 36,000 people were living there in 2021.

It was created from the former municipalities of Bergh and Didam on 1 January 2005.

Montferland borders Germany in the south. It belongs to the Liemers region, but the forestial area of the Montferland hills or Bergherbos, which lie in the middle of the municipality, are sometimes considered being the border between the Liemers and the Achterhoek regions.

Formerly Bergh municipality:

Formerly Didam municipality:

Neder-Betuwe

Neder-Betuwe is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 24,034 people lived there.

Nijkerk

Nijkerk (Dutch Low Saxon: "Niekark") is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 42,943 people lived there.

Nunspeet

Nunspeet is a municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 27,481 people lived there.

Oldebroek

Oldebroek is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 23,598 people lived there.

Oost Gelre

Oost Gelre is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 30,000 people were living there in 2021.

The municipality of Lichtenvoorde joined the municipality of Groenlo on 1 January 2005. Groenlo was renamed Oost Gelre on 20 May 2006.


Overbetuwe

Overbetuwe is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 47,543 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2001 from the former municipalities of Elst, Heteren and Valburg.

Putten

Putten is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 24,198 people lived there.

Renkum

Renkum is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 31,302 people lived there.

Lingewaal

Lingewaal is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of West Betuwe.

Geldermalsen

Geldermalsen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of West Betuwe.

Neerijnen

Neerijnen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of West Betuwe.

Ubbergen

Ubbergen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Berg en Dal (formerly known as Groesbeek).

Rheden

Rheden is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 43,640 people lived there.

Scherpenzeel

Scherpenzeel is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 9,873 people lived there.

Voorst

Voorst is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 24,417 people lived there.

Wageningen

Wageningen is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 38,774 people lived there.


Seyi Makinde

Oluseyi Abiodun Makinde (born 25 December 1967) is a Nigerian Businessman,
Politician and Philanthropist. He is the governor of Oyo State in South-western Nigeria.

Makinde was born to a renowned teacher turned accountant, late Pa Olatubosun Makinde and Madam Abigail Makinde of Aigbofa Compound in Oja’ba, Ibadan. He is the third child of the family.

Makinde began his education at St Paul Primary School and completed his primary education at St Michael Primary School, Yemetu, Ibadan. His secondary education was at Bishop Phillips Academy, Monatan, Ibadan. In 1985, he gained admission to the University of Lagos (Unilag) where he earned his bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering.

In 1998, Oluwaseyi trained at Industrial Control Services in Houston, Texas on "Safety Shutdown System"; and "Development of Analytical Competence for Managing Operations" at Lagos Business School (now Pan-Atlantic University)in 1999. In 2000, he had training in automation. In 2002, he studied Fundamentals of Crude Sampling at Jiskoot Auto Control Training Centre, Kent, England. Also, in 2005, he studied Understanding and Solving Difficult Business Problems at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), USA.
Oluwaseyi lives in Ibadan, Oyo State. He is married to Tamunominini, and they have three children.


West Betuwe

West Betuwe is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 50,834 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Geldermalsen, Lingewaal and Neerijnen.

West Maas en Waal

West Maas en Waal is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 19,076 people lived there.

Westervoort

Westervoort is a municipality and town in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 15,000 people were living there in 2021.

It lies both in the IJsselvallei and Liemers regions, at the meeting point of the Rhine and IJssel rivers.


Wijchen

Wijchen is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 40,951 people lived there.

Winterswijk

Winterswijk is a municipality and town in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 29,000 people were living there in 2021.

Winterswijk lies in the Achterhoek region and borders Germany.


Zaltbommel

Zaltbommel is a municipality found in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In 2019, 28,451 people lived there.

Dalzell, Illinois

Dalzell is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Saint-Jean-de-Bonneval

Saint-Jean-de-Bonneval is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Baarn

Baarn is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 24,767 people lived there.

Calabar

Calabar (also called Callabar, Calabari, Calbari, Kalabari and Kalabar) is the capital city of the Cross River State in Nigeria. It was first called Akwa Akba in the Efik language. The city is next to the Calabar and Great Kwa rivers and creeks of the Cross River.

Kalabari

Kalabari may refer to:


Kenzō Takada

Takada died on 4 October 2020 in Paris of COVID-19. He was 81 years old.

River Cole, West Midlands

The River Cole is a river in the West Midlands, England. It is around long. It is a tributary of the River Blythe, which it flows into near Coleshill. Its sources are in Wythall and Kings Norton to the south of Birmingham City Centre. The river flows north-west through eastern Birmingham, through the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, and into Warwickshire. The River Blythe flows into the River Tame, which flows into the River Trent. This river flows into the North Sea through the Humber Estuary.

The river Cole was first recorded in 1822

Billy Two Hats

Billy Two Hats is a 1974 American British Israeli western movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Gregory Peck, Jack Warden, Desi Aranz, Jr., David Huddleston, Vic Armstrong, Sian Barbara Allen. It was distributed by United Artists.


Zeki Ergezen

Zeki Ergezen (2 December 1949 – 2 October 2020) was a Turkish politician. He was a founding member of the Justice and Development Party. He was the Minister of Public Works and Housing from 2002 to 2005 in the Abdullah Gül and Recep Tayyip Erdogan cabinet.

Ergezen died on 2 October 2020 in Ankara from cancer at the age of 70.

Thomas Jefferson Byrd

Thomas Jefferson Byrd (June 25, 1950 – October 3, 2020) was an American actor. He was known for starring in many movies by director Spike Lee. He was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in the 2003 Broadway revival of "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom". He was born in Griffin, Georgia.

Byrd was shot and killed in Atlanta, Georgia on 3 October 2020, aged 70.

Sandy Keith

Alexander MacDonald "Sandy" Keith (November 22, 1928 – October 3, 2020) was an American Democratic politician and jurist. Keith was born in Rochester, Minnesota.

He was a member of the Minnesota Senate between 1959 to 1963. He was the 37th Lieutenant Governor between 1963 to 1967. He was an associate justice and chief justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court between 1989 to 1998.

Keith died on October 3, 2020 at the age of 91.

Jan des Bouvrie

Jan des Bouvrie (3 August 1942 – 4 October 2020) was a Dutch architect, interior and product designer. He was best known for his 1969 "kubusbank sofa", now considered a design classic. Des Bouvrie was known as a distinguished lecturer at various design academies.

The design college "Jan des Bouvrie Academy", in Deventer is named after him.

Des Bouvrie died in Naarden on 4 October 2020, aged 78.

Giovanni D'Alise

Giovanni D'Alise (14 January 1948 – 4 October 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.

D'Alise was born in Naples, Italy. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1972. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ariano Irpino-Lacedonia, Italy, from 2004 to 2014 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Caserta, Italy, from 2014 until his death in 2020.

D'Alise died on 4 October 2020 from COVID-19 in Caserta, Italy at the age of 72.

Richard Schifter

Richard Schifter (July 31, 1923 – October 4, 2020) was an Austrian-American lawyer and politician. He was Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights and Humanitarian Affairs from 1985 to 1992 during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. Schifter was born in Vienna.

Schifter died on October 4, 2020 at the age of 97.

Dick Hall (baseball)

Richard Wallace Hall (born September 27, 1930 to June 18, 2023) is an American former professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a right-handed pitcher from 1952 to 1957 and from 1959 to 1971. He is best known as a member of the Baltimore Orioles team that won three American League pennants and two World Series championships between 1966 and 1970. He also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, the Kansas City Athletics and the Philadelphia Phillies.

Hall was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He graduated from Swarthmore College. He is the older brother of linguist and fellow Swarthmore graduate Barbara Partee.

Henryk Boukołowski

Henryk Ignacy Boukołowski (11 January 1937 – 4 October 2020) was a Polish actor and stage director. He was born in Białystok, Poland. His career began in 1958 and he retired in 2005. Boukołowski was known for his roles as the Firefighter in "The Hourglass Sanatorium" (1973), Cardinal Hipolit in "Copernicus" (1973) and Dr. Mroczek in "The Gateway of Europe" (1999).

Boukołowski died on 4 October 2020 in Warsaw, aged 83.

Isabella Gomez

Isabella Gomez (born February 9, 1998) is a Colombian-American actress. She is best known for starring as Elena Alvarez in the Netflix series "One Day at a Time". Gomez also had minor roles in "Modern Family" and "Matador".

Neil Harvey

Robert Neil Harvey (born 8 October 1928) is an Australian former cricketer. He played for the Australian cricket team between 1948 and 1963. He played in 79 Test matches for his country. He was the vice-captain of the team from 1957 until his retirement. He was a left-handed batsman, a fielder and sometimes an off-spin bowler. Harvey was the youngest member of the 1948 Invincibles of Don Bradman to tour England. This squad is regarded as one of the finest teams in history. He was the senior batsman in the Australian team for much of the 1950s. Harvey has been was named by "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" as the finest fielder of his era.

Harvey was born in Fitzroy, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. He is one of six cricketing brothers. Neil and brothers Merv, Mick and Ray would go on to play for Victoria. During the 1949–50 tour of South Africa, Harvey met Iris Greenish. The couple later married and had three children.


Joe B. Hall

Joe Beasman Hall (November 30, 1928 – January 15, 2022) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head basketball coach at the University of Kentucky from 1972 to 1985. As coach of the Wildcats, the team were the NCAA Division I champions in 1978. He was the National Coach of the Year in 1978, and was a four-time Southeastern Conference (SEC) Coach of the Year.

Hall was born in Cynthiana, Kentucky. He was married to Katharine Dennis until her death in 2007. The couple had three children.

Hall died on January 15, 2022, at his home in Lexington, Kentucky. He was 93.


Phil Samis

Philip Lawrence Samis (December 28, 1927 – January 11, 2022) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a defenceman. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League (NHL). He helped the Maple Leafs win the 1948 Stanley Cup. He also played in the American Hockey League (AHL) for the Pittsburgh Hornets and the Cleveland Barons. He helped Cleveland win the Calder Cup in 1951. He retired from hockey in 1953.

Samis was born in Edmonton, Alberta. After his playing career, he worked as a dentist. 

Samis died on January 11, 2022, at a hospital in Greater Napanee, Ontario. He was 94.


Michael Caputo

Michael Raymon Caputo (born March 24, 1962) is an American political analyst and lobbyist. He was born in Buffalo, New York. Caputo is a member of the Republican Party. In April 2020, he became the Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Public Affairs.

In September 2020, it was announced that Caputo was diagnosed with squamous cell carcinoma that had spread from his throat to his neck and head.

Squamous cell carcinoma

Squamous cell carcinomas (SCCs), also known as epidermoid carcinomas, is made up of a number of different types of cancer that result from squamous cells.

These cells form on the surface of the skin, on the lining of hollow organs in the body, and on the lining of the respiratory and digestive tracts.


Karl-Günther von Hase

Karl-Günther von Hase (15 December 1917 – 9 May 2021) was a former German diplomat. He served as Ambassador of West Germany to the United Kingdom from 1970 to 1977. He also served as director-general (intendant) of the ZDF, the German public-service television broadcaster, from 1977 to 1982.

Von Hase was born in Gut Wangern, Breslau, Kingdom of Prussia. That area is now in Wrocław, a city in western Poland. He was married to Renate Stumpff, the daughter of general Hans-Jürgen Stumpff. The couple had five children. Hase turned 100 in December 2017 and died in May 2021 at the age of 103.

John Daly (golfer)

John Patrick Daly (born April 28, 1966) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour. He was born in Carmichael, California. 

His two greatest moments of his career are his "zero to hero" victory in the 1991 PGA Championship, and his playoff victory over Costantino Rocca in the 1995 Open Championship.

In September 2020, Daly was diagnosed with bladder cancer.

Ma Rainey

Gertrude "Ma" Rainey (born Gertrude Pridgett, April 26, 1886 – December 22, 1939) was an American blues singer. She was one of the first generation of blues singers to record. 

Rainey was known as The "Mother of the Blues".

Her first recording was made in 1923. In the next five years, she made over 100 recordings, including "Bo-Weevil Blues" (1923), "Moonshine Blues" (1923), "See See Rider Blues" (1924), "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom" (1927), and "Soon This Morning" (1927).

Rainey died on December 22, 1939 in Rome, Georgia from a heart attack, aged 53.

Bryant Burns

Bryant Robert Burns (born 24 March 1929) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Labor Party. He served as a Senator for Queensland from 1987 until his retirement in 1996.

Burns was born in Rockhampton, Queensland. He married Lorraine in 1953. The couple had seven children. After his first wife's death, he married his second wife, Annette.

Trackless train

A trackless train is a bus made to look like a train. It has many carriages and often looks like a steam train.

Bill Nankivell

William Field Nankivell (born 7 September 1923) is a former Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He represented the South Australian House of Assembly seats of Albert (1959–1970) and Mallee (1970–1979). He was a member of the Parliamentary Committee on Land Settlement (1963–1968), Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works (1968–1973) and Public Accounts Committee (1973–1977)

Nankivell was born in Mount Gambier, South Australia. He served in the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II from 1944 to 1945.

List of Indian child actors

This is a list of child actors from India. Movies and/or television series they appeared in are mentioned only if they were still a child at the time of filming.

Current child actors (under the age of eighteen) are indicated by boldface.











Pericarp

Many seed plants have edible fruit. The part of the fruit outside the structure which contains the seeds, is called pericarp. Very often it corresponds to the part of the fruit that is eaten.

Vern Law

Vernon Sanders Law (born March 12, 1930) is an American former baseball pitcher. He played sixteen seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates. During his years at Pittsburgh, 1950 to 1951 and 1954 to 1967, he became a World Series champion (1960) and a two-time All-Star.

Law was born in Meridian, Idaho. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. His son, Vance (born 1956), played for many MLB teams.

The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit

The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit is a 1956 American drama movie directed by Nunnally Johnson and was based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Sloan Wilson. It stars Gregory Peck, Jennifer Jones, Fredric March, Marisa Pavan, Lee J. Cobb, Arthur O'Connell, Keenan Wynn, Connie Gilchrist and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Phil Gould

Philip or Phil Gould may also refer to:


List of Indian comedians

This is a list of notable Indian comedians, sorted by country or area of notability.




Homer Rice

Homer C. Rice (born February 20, 1927) is a former American football player, coach and college athletics administrator. He was born in Bellevue, Kentucky. While serving as the athletic director of Georgia Tech, Rice developed the "Total Person Program" which is now the model for NCAA Life Skills program that is in place at universities throughout the United States. He was also head coach of the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL) from 1978 to 1979.


Tones and I

Toni Watson, better known as Tones and I (born 13 May 1993 or 15 August 2000), is an Australian singer and songwriter. Her second single, "Dance Monkey", was released in May 2019. It reached number one in over 30 countries. Later, in November 2019, she broke the record for the most weeks at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart by any artist with 16 weeks. By mid-January 2020, "Dance Monkey" had spent its 24th and final week at the top spot. The single beat Bing Crosby's all-time Australian record for his version of "White Christmas", which spent 22 weeks at number one. Her first extended play, "The Kids Are Coming", was released in August 2019.

Tones and I was born in Mount Martha on the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria. Her year of birth is not widely known, with it being reported as either 1993 or 2000.


Carla Federica Nespolo

Carla Federica Nespolo (4 March 1943 – 4 October 2020) was an Italian politician. She was the President of National Association of Italian Partisans from 2017 until her death. She was a member of the Italian Parliament between 1976 to 1992. Nespolo was born in Novara, Italy. She was a member of the Italian Communist Party.

Nespolo died on 4 October 2020 from a long-illness, aged 77.

Michael Houghton

Michael Houghton (born 1949) is a British scientist. He co-discovered Hepatitis C in 1989. He also co-discovered the Hepatitis D genome in 1986.

He is the co-recipient of the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with Harvey J. Alter and Charles M. Rice.

Hepatitis D

Hepatitis D is a type of viral hepatitis caused by the hepatitis delta virus (HDV), a small particle that are alike to viroid and virusoid. 

HDV is one of five known hepatitis viruses: A, B, C, D, and E. HDV is considered to be a satellite because it can appear if the hepatitis B virus (HBV) is present. 

Hepatitis E

Hepatitis E is inflammation of the liver caused by infection with the hepatitis E virus (HEV); it is a type of viral hepatitis. 

Hepatitis E has mainly a fecal-oral transmission that is similar to hepatitis A, but the viruses are unrelated. 

The earliest known epidemic of hepatitis E happened in 1955 in New Delhi, but the virus was not discovered until 1983, by Russian scientists investigating an outbreak in Afghanistan. 

One of five known human hepatitis viruses: hepatitis A, B, C, D, and E.

Charles M. Rice

Charles M. Rice (born August 25, 1952) is an American virologist. His main area of research is hepatitis C virus. He is a professor of virology at the Rockefeller University. He was born in Sacramento, California.

Rice is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, member of the National Academy of Sciences and was president of the American Society for Virology from 2002 to 2003. 

Along with Michael Houghton and Harvey J. Alter, he was awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

2020 New Caledonian independence referendum

An independence referendum was held in New Caledonia on 4 October 2020. Independence was rejected, with 53.26% of voters choosing against such a change. Turnout was 85.64%.

In accordance with the Nouméa Accord, New Caledonians are allowed up to three referendums on independence; the first in 2018, then two more in 2020 and 2022 if the previous ones had not resulted in independence, but one-third of members of the Congress of New Caledonia voted for another one. The first was held in November 2018, with voters rejecting independence by 57–43%.

In 2019, members of the Caledonian Union, Future with Confidence, the Kanak and Socialist National Liberation Front (FLNKS) and the National Union for Independence requested another referendum be held.

Bob Wilson

Bob Wilson may refer to:




Bob Wilson (footballer, born 1943)

Robert John Wilson (23 May 1943 – October 2020) was an English professional footballer. He was born in Birmingham, England. He played for Aston Villa, Cardiff City and for Exeter City. His career lasted from 1961 to 1976.

Wilson died in October 2020 at the age of 77.

Bob Wilson (cricketer)

Robert Colin Wilson (born 18 February 1928), known as Bob Wilson, is an English cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club from 1952 to 1967. He was born in Bapchild, Kent. He appeared in 365 first-class cricket matches for the county.

Bob Wilson (footballer, born 1934)

Robert Smail Whitelaw "Bob" Wilson (born 29 June 1934) is a Scottish former professional footballer. He was a half-back. He began his professional career with Aberdeen, before going on to play for a number of English clubs. 

He was captain of the original incarnation of Accrington Stanley when the club resigned from The Football League in 1962.

Bob Wilson (ice hockey)

Robert Wayne Wilson (born February 18, 1934) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks from 1953 to 1954. He was born in Sudbury, Ontario.

Robert B. Wilson

Robert Butler "Bob" Wilson, Jr. (born May 16, 1937) is an American economist.

He is the Adams Distinguished Professor of Management, Emeritus at Stanford University. He is known for his works to management science and business economics. 

His works helped change the economics of industrial organization and organization theory using non-cooperative game theory. His research on nonlinear pricing has played an important role for large firms, particularly in the energy industry, especially electricity.

In 2020, he was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences alongside Paul Milgrom "for improvements to auction theory and inventions of new auction formats".

Geneva, Nebraska

Geneva is a city in, and the county seat of, Fillmore County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,136 at the 2020 census.

Southern Pines, North Carolina

Southern Pines is a town in Moore County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 15,545 as of the 2020 United States Census.

Triple talaq in India

The debate has involved the Government of India and the Supreme Court of India, and is connected to the debate about a uniform civil code (Article 44, a Directive Principle of state policy, Constitution of India) in India. On 22 August 2017, the Indian Supreme Court tagged instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddah) as unconstitutional. Three of the five judges in the panel concurred that the practice of triple talaq is unconstitutional. The remaining two declared the practice to be constitutional.
However, unconstitutionality is not the same as being declared illegal. India's Muslim neighbours are among 23 countries that have banned triple talaq already. The Quran established means to avoid hasty divorces. It prescribes two waiting periods of three months before the divorce is final in order to give the husband time to reconsider his decision. On 30 July 2019, the Parliament of India declared the practice of Triple Talaq illegal and unconstitutional, and made it a punishable act from 1 August 2019 which is deemed to be in effect from 19 September 2019.

Rasheed Masood

Rasheed Masood (15 August 1947 – 5 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was born in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh. He was a member of the Lok Sabha between 1977 to 1984, 1989 to 1996 and from 2004 to 2009. In 1990, he was the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.

Masood died on 5 October 2020 at a hospital in Roorkee, Uttarakhand from COVID-19 at the age of 73.

Follansbee, West Virginia

Follansbee is a city in Brooke County, West Virginia, United States. It is located along the Ohio River. The population was 2,848 at the 2020 census.

New Cumberland, West Virginia

New Cumberland is a city in and the county seat of Hancock County, West Virginia, United States, along the Ohio River. It is part of the Weirton-Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,020 as of the 2020 census.

Wellsburg, West Virginia

Wellsburg is a city in and the county seat of Brooke County, West Virginia, United States. It is part of the "Weirton-Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area". The 2020 census said it had a population of 2,450.

John Joseph Campion

John Joseph Campion (January 17, 1963 – October 2, 2020) was an Irish-American businessman and philanthropist. In 1987, he founded Showpower, Inc. His company gave portable generators for the Rolling Stones, U2, Kiss and AC/DC. Campion was chairman and chief executive officer of APR Energy. He was born in Cork, Ireland.

Campion died on October 2, 2020 in California, aged 57.

WAP (song)

"WAP" (an acronym for "Wet-Ass Pussy") is a song recorded by American rapper Cardi B featuring American rapper Megan Thee Stallion. It was released through Atlantic Records on August 7, 2020, as the lead single from Cardi's upcoming second studio album. 

"WAP" is a hip hop song and uses many sexual innuendos.

It has received mixed reviews from people liking the song for having a sex-positive message, while others found it to be extremely offensive because of the strong sexual language.

Spiny tree frog

The spiny tree frog ("Ranoidea spinifera") is a tree frog from New Guinea. It lives near Purari River, between 1000 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Hugh Griffith

Hugh Emrys Griffith (; 30 May 1912 – 14 May 1980) was a Welsh screen and stage actor. He is best known for playing Sheik Ilderim in the movie "Ben-Hur" (1959). For this role, he won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Some of his other notable credits include "Exodus" (1960), "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1962), "Tom Jones" (1963) and "Oliver!" (1968).

Griffith was born in Marian-glas, Anglesey. His sister was actress and teacher Elen Roger Jones. On 14 May 1980, Griffith died of a heart attack at his London home. He was 67.

Bunnik

Bunnik is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. The population of Bunnuk is 15,192 as of 2019.

De Bilt

De Bilt is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 42,824 people lived there.

De Ronde Venen

De Ronde Venen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 44,059 people lived there. Since 2011, Abcoude is part of the municipality of De Ronde Venen.

Eemnes

Eemnes is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 9,113 people lived there.

S
IJsselstein

IJsselstein is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 34,160 people lived there.

It received city rights in 1331.

Leusden

Leusden is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 30,030 people lived there.

Bubo

A bubo (Greek βουβών, "boubôn", 'groin') is adenitis or inflammation of the lymph nodes and is an example of reactive lymphadenopathy.

Bubo (disambiguation)

A bubo is a rounded swelling on the skin of a person afflicted by the bubonic plague.

Bubo may also refer to:


Abcoude

Abcoude is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2011, it has been part of the municipality of De Ronde Venen.

Vianen

Vianen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht, and of South Holland. The municipality was merged with the former municipalities of Leerdam and Zederik on 1 January 2019. The name of the new municipality is Vijfheerenlanden, which is a part of the province of Utrecht.

Maarn

Maarn is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2006, it has been part of the new municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug.

Amerongen

Amerongen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2006, it has been part of the new municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug.

Doorn

Doorn is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2006, it has been part of the new municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug.

Utrechtse Heuvelrug

Utrechtse Heuvelrug is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 49,515 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former municipalities of Amerongen, Doorn, Driebergen-Rijsenburg, Leersum, and Maarn.

Driebergen-Rijsenburg

Driebergen-Rijsenburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2006, it has been part of the new municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug.

Leersum

Leersum is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2006, it has been part of the new municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug.

Lopik

Lopik is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 14,473 people lived there.

Montfoort

Montfoort is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 13,996 people lived there.

Montfoort received city rights in 1329.


Nieuwegein

Nieuwegein is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 63,036 people lived there.

Mortal Engines (movie)

Mortal Engines is a 2018 science fiction action adventure movie from Universal Pictures based on the 2001 novel of the same name by Philip Reeve.

The film is set in a post-apocalyptic world where entire cities have been mounted on wheels and motorised, and practice municipal Darwinism.


Oudewater

Oudewater is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht, and a former municipality of South Holland. In 2019, 10,201 people lived there.

Breukelen

Breukelen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Stichtse Vecht.


Renswoude

Renswoude is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 5,259 people lived there.

Gemma Collins

Gemma Clare Collins (born 31 January 1981) is an English reality television star, media personality and businesswoman. She is known for her dramatic personality and is often referred to as "the GC". Collins became famous after appearing on "The Only Way Is Essex".

Gemma Collins was born in Romford. She was bullied in school. Collins left school at 16 because she believed she would become famous. 

In 2011, she began appearing on the ITVBe reality series "The Only Way Is Essex", appearing until 2019. 

After becoming famous from appearing on "The Only Way Is Essex", Collins appeared as a contestant on several reality shows including "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here", "Celebrity Big Brother", "Celebs Go Dating", "MasterChef", "Dancing on Ice" and "The Great British Bake-Off".

Collins had her own reality show titled "Gemma Collins: Diva." She also had a show named "Self-Harm and Me", where she talked about her mental health. 

She has also published a book titled "The GC: How to be a Diva". Collins admitted to using a ghostwriter to write the book.

Collins has also released a clothing line, a perfume, hand sanitizers and face masks. She has also had clothing deals with Boohoo.com and InTheStyle.

Laudanum

Laudanum is the name of a tincture containing opium. A tincture is usually an extract of plant or animal material dissolved in ethanol (ethyl alcohol). Laudanum is dissolved extracts from the opium poppy ("Papaver somniferum" Linnaeus) in alcohol (ethanol).

Paracelsus thought that it was good for treating almost anything. According to Paracelus, laudanum consists of about 9 parts wine, and one part opium. Other ingredients, such as henbane, mandrake and deadly nightshade were commonly added. Since its discovery in the 16th century, laudanum was often used to treat different diseases. Its popularity and use is comparable to the modern drug aspirin. Its main effect was that of the opium: it was a painkiller, and a sedative. 

The main problem is that opium causes addiction. This was only understood in the 19th century. Towards the end of the 19th century, there were good alternative drugs. England banished opiates from open sale in the 1920s, and Germany regulated their use in 1929. 

Laudanum, like other opiates was used as a painkiller, and a sedative. Until the 1970s it was used to treat clinical depression. Laudanum is dangerous to children as it is easy to get an overdose. Today, laudanum is still used to treat severe cases of diarrhea which sometimes occur with chemotherapy.

Rhenen

Rhenen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 20,004 people lived there.

Soest, Netherlands

Soest is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 46,194 people lived there.

Stichtse Vecht

Stichtse Vecht is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 64,336 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2011 from the former municipalities of Breukelen, Loenen, and Maarssen.

Veenendaal

Veenendaal is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 65,589 people lived there.

Loenen

Loenen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Stichtse Vecht.

Drimmelen

Drimmelen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 27,150 people lived there.

Wijk bij Duurstede

Wijk bij Duurstede is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 23,762 people lived there.

Woerden

Woerden is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht, and a former municipality of South Holland. In 2019, 52,197 people lived there.

Power of Three

Power of Three may be:

It is also the title of:

Orlando City SC

Orlando City Soccer Club is an American professional soccer club in Orlando, Florida. They are a member of the Eastern Conference in the MLS. Orlando City SC played their 1st season in 2015 as the 21st franchise in MLS. They became the first MLS team in Florida since Miami Fusion and Tampa Bay Mutiny both folded following the 2001 season. The team plays at Exploria Stadium in Downtown Orlando.

Nabis

Nabis () was a king of Sparta from 207 BC to 192 BC. He fought in the War against Nabis.

New England tree frog

The New England tree frog, gold-striped tree frog, sublime tree frog or glandular tree frog ("Ranoidea subglandulosa") is a tree frog from Australia. Even though it is called the New England tree frog, it does not live in New England. It lives on Australia's New England Tablelands. It lives near the Great Dividing Range in Queensland and New South Wales. It lives more than 600 metres above sea level.

The adult male frog is 4.0 cm long and the adult female is 5.0 cm long. It can be green or brown on the back and green on the sides. It has a white stripe on each side of its body. Parts of its sides and legs are bright orange.

The tadpoles are about 3.5 cm long. Unlike tadpoles of other tree frogs, they do not have teeth or beaks. Instead, they have things similar to tentacles near their mouths. Scientists do not know what the tadpoles eat.

This frog is in some danger of dying out. Scientists say this is because human beings take animals to eat grass where the frog lives and collect trees from its forests for lumber. Invasive species such as trout also eat the eggs and tadpoles.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Ranoidea citropa".

Toyota Comfort

The Toyota Comfort is an automobile that was designed by Toyota. The Toyota Comfort was made from 1995 until 2017 by Kanto Auto Works. The Toyota Comfort, was mainly used as a taxi, in Japan, Singapore, and Hong Kong. Sometimes the Toyota Comfort could fit five people in it, six with the driver. When Toyota stopped making the Toyota Comfort in 2017, Toyota made the Toyota JPN-Taxi instead. 

Candy Carson

Lacena "Candy" Carson (née Rustin; born August 19, 1953) is an American author and businesswoman. She is married to former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and co-founded the Carson Scholars Fund.

Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg

Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (28 July 1676 – 23 March 1732) was a duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg. His reign started on 2 August 1691 and ended on 23 March 1732. He was born in Gotha.

He also created an orphanage and asylum. He died in Altenburg.

P. Wayne Goode

Peter Wayne Goode Jr. (August 20, 1937 – October 3, 2020) was an American politician. He was born in St. Louis. A member of the Democrat, he was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives for district 33 in 1962. In 1984, he was elected to the Missouri State Senate. He retired in 2005.

Goode died of leukemia on October 3, 2020, in St. Louis at the age of 83.

Najeeb Tarakai

Najeeb Tarakai (2 February 1991 – 6 October 2020) was an Afghan cricketer. He played international cricket for the Afghanistan national team. He also played domestic cricket for the Afghan Cheetahs and Twenty20 cricket for the Nangarhar Leopards.

On 2 October 2020, Tarakai was hit by a car while crossing a road in Jalalabad, Nangarhar. He suffered a head injury and was left in a coma. He died four days later at the age of 29.


Mordechai Yissachar Ber Leifer

Mordechai Yissachar Ber Leifer (; 1955October 4, 2020) was an American rabbi. He was the third Rebbe of the Pittsburgh Hasidic dynasty. He was born in Newark, New Jersey. He was well known for being in charge of the Hasidim in Jerusalem, Bnei Brak, Beit Hilkia, New York City, and California. 

He was a Torah scholar and musical composer, he led the Hasidut for three decades until his death in 2020. 

Yissachar was hospitalized with COVID-19 at a hospital in Netanya in August 2020. He died from the infection on October 4, 2020 at the age of 64.

Simon Eine

Simon Eine (8 August 1936 – 30 September 2020) was a French actor and comedian. He was born in Paris. He became a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 1997. He was known for his roles in "Another Man, Another Chance" (1977), "Notre musique" (2004) and in "Sarah's Key" (2006).

Eine died on 30 September 2020 in Paris, aged 84.

Gord Brooks

Gordon John Brooks (September 11, 1950 – October 1, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played parts of three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the St. Louis Blues and Washington Capitals. He was born in Cobourg, Ontario. His career lasted from 1970 to 1984.

Brooks died on October 1, 2020 in London, Ontario at the age of 70.


Snowpiercer

Snowpiercer () is a 2013 science fiction action movie based on the French graphic novel "Le Transperceneige" by Jacques Lob, Benjamin Legrand and Jean-Marc Rochette. The movie was directed by Bong Joon-ho.

The movie stars Chris Evans, Song Kang-ho, Tilda Swinton, Jamie Bell, Octavia Spencer, Go Ah-sung, John Hurt, and Ed Harris. 

"Snowpiercer" received positive movie reviews after being released on 29 July 2013. It was also successful at the box office, earning $86.8 million compared to its movie budget of $40 million.


Clark Middleton

Clark Tinsley Middleton (1957 – October 4, 2020) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in "Kill Bill: Vol. 2", "Sin City", "Fringe", "Snowpiercer", and "The Blacklist". He was born in California.

Middleton died on October 4, 2020 from the West Nile virus in Los Angeles, aged 63.

K. K. Usha

K. K. Usha (3 July 1939 – 5 October 2020) was an Indian politician and lawyer. She was born in Thrissur, Kerala. She was married to Judge K. Sukumaran. She was a judge on the Kerala High Court between 1991 to 2001. She was the chief justice between 2000 to 2001.

Usha died on 5 October 2020 at a hospital in Thiruvananthapuram from cardiac arrest caused by spinal cord surgery, aged 81.

Don Stonesifer

Donald Humphrey Stonesifer (January 29, 1927 – October 15, 2021) was an American football player. He played as an end. He played six seasons (1951–1956) in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals.

Stonesifer was born in Chicago, Illinois. He served in the Army Air Forces during World War II. He played college football for Northwestern University's Wildcats. Stonesifer died on October 15, 2021 at the age of 94.


K. Sukumaran (judge)

K. Sukumaran (born 12 July 1930) is an Indian politician and lawyer. He was born in Kerala, India. Until her death in 2020, he was married to K. K. Usha. He was a judge on the Kerala High Court between 1981 to 1991 and on the Bombay High Court between 1991 to 1992.

Bobby Bowden

Robert Cleckler Bowden (November 8, 1929 – August 8, 2021) was an American football coach. Bowden was best known for coaching the Florida State Seminoles football team from the 1976 to 2009 seasons. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama.

In October 2020, Bowden was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Bowden was diagnosed terminal pancreatic cancer in July 2021. He died from the disease one month later on August 8, 2021 in Tallahassee, Florida at the age of 91.

Mineola, Texas

Mineola is a city in Wood County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,823 at the 2020 census.

City of Ember

City of Ember is a 2008 American science fiction adventure movie directed by Gil Kenan and is based on the 2003 novel "The City of Ember" by Jeanne Duprau. It stars Saoirse Ronan, Harry Treadaway, Bill Murray, Mackenzie Crook, Martin Landau, Mary Kay Place, Toby Jones, Tim Robbins and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Total Recall (2012 movie)

Total Recall is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction action movie directed by Len Wiseman. The screenplay by Kurt Wimmer and Mark Bomback was based on the 1990 movie of the same name, which was inspired by the 1966 short story "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale" by Philip K. Dick. It stars Colin Farrell, Kate Beckinsale, Jessica Biel, Bryan Cranston, Bokeem Woodbine, John Cho, Bill Nighy and was distributed by Sony Pictures. It was nominated for one Razzie in 2013.


Unserdeutsch

Rabaul Creole German (also called Unserdeutsch, our German) is a creole language spoken in Papua New Guinea, and parts of Australia. It is the only German-based Creole language with an ISO code. It was developed in Papua New Guinea, around 1900. At that time, Papua New Guinea was a German colony. Today, most speakers live in Eastern Australia. Most speakers are old, so the language will soon disappear. Australian speakers of Unserdeutsch now live scattered in cities on the east coast, but communicate with one another in closed groups of social networks. It is estimated that fewer than ten Unserdeutsch speakers live in Papua New Guinea today. All speakers of Unserdeutsch know at least two other languages. In most cases, these are English and Tok Pisin. Estimates are that there are about 100 speakers left.

Unserdeutsch developed around 1900 around today's provincial capital Kokopo. At the time, this city was called Herbertshöhe. It was the seat of the provincial governor of German New Guinea. There was a Catholic school at the outskirts of town, which taught mixed-race children standard German. Most of the time, the mothers were locals, from Melanesia, and the fathers were Europeans; most often from Germany. They were civil servants, traders, and adventurers.

Outside school, the children mixed the high German with the local language Tok Pisin. They were not allowed to use Tok Pisin in school. The language that developed essentially used German words, with the grammar from Tok Pisin. Even after German rule in Papua New Guinea ended, the Vunapope mission station (which ran the school) remained in German hands with German as a school subject and even partly as the language of instruction. Since the children who developed Unserdeutsch often kept to themselves as mixed-race children and got married, they passed their Unserdeutsch on to the next generation and Unserdeutsch became the Creole language. After Papua New Guinea gained independence from Australia in 1975, most of the Unserdeutsch speakers decided to take on Australian citizenship and to emigrate to Australia, especially Queensland, because offices and posts in their homeland were to be filled by indigenous Papuans.

Unserdeutsch is a spoken language; there is no governing body that regulates how to write it.

Linguists at the University of Augsburg (now: University of Bern) began to research Unserdeutsch in 2014.

Nouns in Unserdeutsch have no gender. The article is always called “de”, for example de Mann, de Frau, de Haus. The plural of a noun is formed by prefixing the word “alle” with: “alle Frau”, “alle Knabe”. Interrogative pronouns are often placed at the end of the question sentence (“Du geht wo? "). Sometimes, words from Tok Pisin and English are used, for example “aufpicken” (In English: to pick up) for “abholen” (translates as fetch). Unserdeutsch is a strict SVO language.

Two planned languages were developed to be used in German colonies: One is called Weltdeutsch, the other is called Kolonialdeutsch.



Frances de la Tour

Frances de la Tour, also Frances J. de Lautour, (born 30 July 1944) is an English actress. She is known for her role as Miss Ruth Jones in the television sitcom "Rising Damp" from 1974 until 1978. She is a Tony Award winner and three-time Olivier Award winner.

She also played Madame Olympe Maxime in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2005). 


Fiona Shaw

Fiona Shaw (born Fiona Mary Wilson; 10 July 1958) is an Irish actress and theatre and opera director. She is known for her roles as Petunia Dursley in the "Harry Potter" movie series (2001–2010), Marnie Stonebrook in the fourth season of the HBO series "True Blood" (2011), and Carolyn Martens in the critically acclaimed BBC spy thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–2022).

Shaw is openly a lesbian.

A Web of Air

A Web of Air is a novel written by Philip Reeve in 2010.

Scrivener's Moon

Scrivener's Moon is a novel written by Philip Reeve in 2011.

Reinhard Genzel

Reinhard Genzel (born 24 March 1952) is a German astrophysicist. He was born in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany. His works relate to infrared and submillimetre astronomy.

Genzel was awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize for Physics, which he shared with Andrea Ghez and Roger Penrose.

Night Flights

Night Flights is a short story collection written by Philip Reeve in 2018. It consists of three stories revolving around the character Anna Fang. These stories take place before the events of Mortal Engines.

Andrea M. Ghez

Andrea Mia Ghez (born June 16, 1965) is an American astrophysicist and professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of California, Los Angeles. 

In 2004, "Discover" magazine listed Ghez as one of the top 20 scientists in the United States. She was born in New York City.

In 2020, she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, sharing one half of the prize with Reinhard Genzel, "for the discovery of a supermassive compact object at the centre of our galaxy." The other half was awarded to Roger Penrose.

The Illustrated World of Mortal Engines

The Illustrated World of Mortal Engines is a reference book written by Philip Reeve in 2018.

It is currently the last ever Reeve wrote.

Enola Holmes (movie)

Enola Holmes is a 2020 American mystery movie based on the first book in the series of the same name by Nancy Springer.

The movie is about the teenage sister of Sherlock Holmes. The movie is directed by Harry Bradbeer, from a screenplay by Jack Thorne. Millie Bobby Brown stars as Enola. Henry Cavill, Sam Claflin, Adeel Akhtar, Fiona Shaw, Frances de la Tour, Louis Partridge, Susie Wokoma and Helena Bonham Carter also star.

"Enola Holmes" was released on September 23, 2020 by Netflix. The movie received positive reviews from critics.


Sam Claflin

Samuel George Claflin (born 27 June 1986) is an English actor. He is known for his roles as Philip Swift in "" (2011) and as Finnick Odair in "The Hunger Games" movie series.

Secretary General of the Organization of American States

The Secretary General of the Organization of American States is the person in charge of the OAS. This is a list of individuals who have served as Secretaries General:

Alberto Lleras Camargo

Alberto Lleras Camargo (3 July 1906 – 4 January 1990) was a Colombian journalist and politician. He was the 20th President of Colombia (1958–1962), and the 1st Secretary General of the Organization of American States (1948–1954).

Carlos Dávila

Carlos Gregorio Dávila Espinoza (September 15, 1887 – October 19, 1955), was a Chilean politician and journalist. He was the Chairman of Government Junta of Chile in 1932, and Secretary General of the Organization of American States from 1954 until his death in 1955.


José Antonio Mora

José Antonio Mora Otero (22 November 1897 – 26 January 1975) was a Uruguayan lawyer and politician. He was the secretary general of the Organization of American States between 16 January 1956 and 18 May 1968. He was Uruguay's Minister of Foreign Relations from 1971 to 1972.

Luigi R. Einaudi

Luigi R. Einaudi (born March 1, 1936) is an American politician. He was Acting Secretary General of the Organization of American States (OAS) in October 2004 after the resignation of Secretary General Miguel Ángel Rodríguez. He left the job in May 2005 when José Miguel Insulza replaced him.

From 1989 to 1993, Einaudi was the U.S. Ambassador to the Organization of American States during the George H. W. Bush presidency.

Einaudi was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He studied at Harvard University.

José Miguel Insulza

José Miguel Insulza Salinas (born June 2, 1943) is a Chilean politician. He was Secretary General of the Organization of American States from 2005 to 2015. He was Chile's Foreign Minister from 1994 to 1999, and as Interior Minister from 2000 to 2005.

In 2009, he unsuccessfully ran for President of Chile.

Luis Almagro

Luis Leonardo Almagro Lemes (; born June 1, 1963) is a Uruguayan lawyer and politician. He is the 10th Secretary General of the Organization of American States (OAS) since 2015. He also was Minister of Foreign Affairs between 2010 and 2015, during the Presidency of José Mujica.

Volkan Bozkır

Volkan Bozkır (born 22 November 1950) is a Turkish politician. He was the Minister of European Union Affairs from November 2015 to May 2016.

He served as the President of the United Nations General Assembly from 2020 to 2021.

Howard Goodall

Howard Lindsay Goodall (; born 26 May 1958) is an English composer who has worked on musicals, choral music and music for television. He was the composer of the music for Mr. Bean.

In January 2011, Goodall was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to music education.

Joshua Kimmich

Joshua Walter Kimmich (born 8 February 1995) is a German footballer. He plays as a right-back or defensive midfielder for Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.

Bayern Munich

Germany U19

Germany

Individual


Patricia Leavy

Patricia Leavy (born June 13, 1975) is an American sociologist, novelist, public intellectual, and arts advocate. She has published more than forty fiction and non-fiction books. Leavy promotes an arts-based research paradigm which combines the arts and sciences. She is the co-founder and former co-editor-in-chief of Art/Research International: A Transdisciplinary Journal.

Leavy earned a Ph.D. in sociology from Boston College.

She was an associate professor of sociology, founding director of gender studies, and chairperson of sociology and criminology at Stonehill College from 2002 to 2012. She has also taught at Boston College, Northeastern University, and Curry College. Leavy left academia in 2012 to be an independent scholar, public intellectual, and novelist. She developed ‘social fiction’ which has influenced the careers of many scholars around the world.

Leavy has written more than forty books, including both fiction and non-fiction books. She is the creator and former editor for numerous book series, including Art Plus (Brill/Sense), A Little Bit About (Brill/Sense), Personal/Public Scholarship (Brill/Sense), Teaching Writing (Brill/Sense), Teaching Race & Ethnicity (Brill/Sense), Teaching Gender (Brill/Sense), Social Fictions (Brill/Sense), and Research to the Point and Understanding Qualitative Research (Oxford University Press).
She was a keynote speaker at the Interdisciplinary Social Sciences Conference in Barcelona, Spain, in 2012.[1][18]The next year, she was invited as a keynote speaker by the New Directions in the Humanities conference and the Arts in Society conference in Budapest, Hungary. In 2015, she gave a keynote address in Florida at the Qualitative Report conference and was invited again for the same conference in 2020. In 2017, she appeared at the “NYU Forum on Ethnodrama” at New York University as a part of the keynote conversation. Also in 2017, she gave a keynote address at The World Chinese Art Education Symposium in Ningbo, China. In 2018, Leavy was a keynote speaker at the “Arts as an Agent for Social Change conference at McGill University in Montreal and also delivered the keynote address at the “Arts-Based Research Symposium” at SUNY-New Paltz.

Leavy was named as the “2010 New England Sociologist of the Year” by the New England Sociological Association. She is the recipient of the 2014 Special Achievement Award by the American Creativity Association, the Egon Guba Memorial Keynote Lecture Award by the American Educational Research Association Qualitative SIG, and a 2015 Special Career Award by the International Congress of Qualitative Inquiry. She has received the National Art Education Association 2018 Distinguished Service Outside the Profession Award.

She was invited as a fellow in 2015 to the Salzburg Global Seminar Session “The Neuroscience of Art: What are the Sources of Creativity and Innovation?.

In 2017, Leavy’s book, Research Design: Quantitative, Qualitative, Mixed Methods, Arts-Based, and Community-Based Participatory Research Approaches was the third-place winner of the American Journal of Nursing Book of the Year Awards in the category nursing research.

Leavy’s Privilege Through the Looking-Glass (Sense Publishers) won the USA Best Book Award for Nonfiction Anthologies in 2018. In the same year, Leavy’s Handbook of Arts-Based Research (Guilford Press) won the USA Best Book Award for Education/Academic.

In 2018, the “Patricia Leavy Award for Art and Social Justice” was established by SUNY New Paltz. In the same year, she was honored by the National Women’s Hall of Fame, and her book Method Meets Art: Arts-Based Research Practice (Second Edition), received the American Educational Research Association Division D Measurement and Research Methodology Significant Contributions Award.

In 2019, Spark received the Living Now Book Award for Adventure Fiction, and it also received the American Fiction Award for Inspirational Fiction. In 2020 Leavy’s book Film received the American Fiction Award for Inspirational Fiction. The same year Leavy’s book Candy Floss Collection (3 novels) received the American Fiction Award for Anthologies.

In 2022, Leavy received the Outstanding Achievement in Arts and Learning Award from The American Educational Research Association. 

Western capercaillie

The western capercaillie ("Tetrao urogallus"), is a member of the grouse family. It is also called the Eurasian capercaillie, wood grouse, heather cock, or just capercaillie. It is found across Europe and the Palearctic. It is sexually dimorphic. It is a least concern species.

Michelle Borth

Michelle Borth (born August 19, 1978) is an American actress. She is known for her roles on "The Forgotten" and the HBO series "Tell Me You Love Me". Borth played Catherine Rollins on the CBS crime-drama "Hawaii Five-0".

Cyclone (DC Comics)

Cyclone (real name Maxine Hunkel) is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe. She is the granddaughter of the original Red Tornado and a member of the Justice Society of America. Cyclone was created by Mark Waid, Alex Ross, Geoff Johns and Dale Eaglesham.

Cyclone will make her first movie appearance in 2022's "Black Adam" set in the DC Extended Universe.

Meaghan Rath

Meaghan Rath (born June 18, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her television roles on "Being Human", "15/Love", "The Assistants", and "Hawaii Five-0".

The Michaels Companies

The Michaels Companies, Inc. is an American company that is North America's largest provider of arts, crafts, framing, floral and wall décor, and merchandise for makers and do-it-yourself home decorators.<ref name="SEC 10K 01/28/2017"></ref> The company was founded by Michael J. Dupey in Dallas, Texas in 1973.

Marshalls

Marshalls is a chain of American off-price department stores owned by TJX Companies. Marshalls has over 1,000 American stores, including larger stores named Marshalls Mega Store, covering 42 states and Puerto Rico, and 61 stores in Canada. The company plan to operate approximately 100 stores. 

Marshalls first expanded into Canada in March 2011. 

Marshalls is the U.S.'s second-largest off-price family apparel and home fashion retailer, behind its sister company, TJ Maxx.

In 2019, Marshalls opened a website for online shopping.


Hobby Lobby

Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., formerly Hobby Lobby Creative Centers, is a private for-profit corporation which owns a chain of American arts and crafts stores with a volume of over $5 billion in 2018.

The store has been criticized over their founder's and owner's anti-homosexuality and extreme religious views.

David Green (entrepreneur)

David Green (born November 13, 1941) is an American businessman. He is the founder of Hobby Lobby, a chain of arts and crafts stores. He is a major financial supporter of Evangelical organizations in the United States and funded the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C.

Museum of the Bible

The Museum of the Bible is a museum in Washington D.C. which shows the history, and impact of the Bible. It opened on November 17, 2017, and has 1,150 items in its permanent collection and 2,000 items on loan from other institutions and collections.

TJ Maxx

TJ Maxx is an American department store chain, selling at prices generally lower than other major similar stores. It has more than 1,000 stores in the United States, making it one of the largest clothing retailers in the country. 

It sells men's, women's and children's apparel and shoes, toys, bath and beauty, accessories, and home products ranging from furniture to kitchen utensils.

George Dayton

George Draper Dayton (March 6, 1857 – February 18, 1938) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was famous for being the founder of Dayton's department store, which later became Target Corporation.

Clifton Springs, New York

Clifton Springs is a village located in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 2,209 at the 2020 census.

Canandaigua, New York

Canandaigua (Utaʼnaráhkhwaʼ in Tuscarora) is a city in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 10,576 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Ontario County.

Hopewell, New York

Hopewell is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 3,931 at the 2020 census.

Canandaigua (town), New York

Canandaigua (pronounced "Kan-in-day-gwuh") is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 11,109 at the 2020 census.

Manchester, New York

Manchester is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 9,404 at the 2020 census. The town was named after one of its villages, which was named after the original Manchester in England.

Manchester (village), New York

Manchester is a village located within the Town of Manchester in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 1,640 at the 2020 census. The village was named after Manchester in England.

Clifton Park, New York

Clifton Park is a suburban town in Saratoga County, New York, United States. According to the United States Census Bureau, the 2020 population was 38,029.

The town is in the south part of the county and is located north of Albany, northeast of Schenectady, and south of Saratoga Springs.

Phelps, New York

Phelps is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 6,637 at the 2020 census. The Town of Phelps has a village called Phelps. Both are north of Geneva, New York.

Phelps (village), New York

Phelps is a village in Ontario County, New York, USA. The population was 1,851 at the 2020 census. The village is named after an original proprietor, Oliver Phelps.

Hazel grouse

The hazel grouse ("Tetrastes bonasia"), is a type of grouse. It is sometimes called the hazel hen. It is found across the Palearctic as far east as Hokkaidō, and as far west as eastern and central Europe. It lives in dense, damp, mixed coniferous woodland. It is a least concern species.

Geneva, New York

Geneva is a city in Ontario and Seneca counties in the U.S. state of New York. The population was 12,812 at the 2020 census. The city is named after the city and canton of Geneva in Switzerland.

Geneva (town), New York

Geneva is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 3,473 at the 2020 census.

Ovid (village), New York

Ovid is a village in and one of the two county seats of Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 534 at the 2020 census. 

Ovid (town), New York

Ovid is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 2,847 at the 2020 census.

Romulus, New York

Romulus is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 3,203 at the 2020 census.

Romulus (CDP), New York

Romulus is a hamlet (and census-designated place) located in the Town of Romulus, Seneca County, New York, United States on the border with the Town of Varick. The population was 356 at the 2020 census.

Varick, New York

Varick is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 1,656 at the 2020 census.

Waterloo (village), New York

Waterloo is a village and county seat of Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 4,810 at the 2020 census.

Waterloo (town), New York

Waterloo is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 7,378 at the 2020 census.

DFL-Supercup

The DFL-Supercup or "German Super Cup" is a one-off football match in Germany between the winners of the Bundesliga and the DFB-Pokal. The DFL-Supercup is run by the Deutsche Fußball Liga (DFL).

Below is a list of the Super Cup winners. Since 2010, if one team wins the domestic double, then league runners-up are invited as the second team.

There have been a few times where the German champions met the cup winners, without the match being officially recognized.

Field vole

The field vole or short-tailed vole ("Microtus agrestis") is a type of vole. It is about 10 cm long. It has a short tail. It can be found from any coast facing the Atlantic Ocean to Lake Baikal. It lives in moist grassy habitats, such as woodland, marsh or on river banks. It is a least concern species.

Shortsville, New York

Shortsville is a village in Ontario County, New York.

Vijfheerenlanden

Vijfheerenlanden is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 55,832 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Vianen (Utrecht), Leerdam and Zederik (both South Holland).

Woudenberg

Woudenberg is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 13,166 people lived there.

Maarssen

Maarssen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Stichtse Vecht.

Genderfluid

Gender-fluidity describes the experience of changing gender identity over time. Gender fluid people can fluctuate between any gender, such as feeling more feminine or masculine.

Blaricum

Blaricum is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 11,202 people lived there.

Noorder-Koggenland

Noorder-Koggenland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the municipality of Medemblik.

Wognum

Wognum is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the municipality of Medemblik.

Bloemendaal

Bloemendaal is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 23,159 people lived there.

Since 2009, Bennebroek is part of the municipality of Bloemendaal.

Venhuizen

Venhuizen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2006, it has been part of the municipality of Drechterland.

Andijk

Andijk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2011, it has been part of the municipality of Medemblik.

Wailing frog

The wailing frog or crying water-holding frog ("Ranoidea vagitus") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Western Australia and the Northern Territory.

This frog lives in grassy places with few trees.

Formosa, Argentina

Formosa is the capital city of the Formosa Province in Argentina.

La Rioja, Argentina

La Rioja is the capital city of the La Rioja Province in Argentina.

Wervershoof

Wervershoof is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2011, it has been part of the municipality of Medemblik.

Frontignan

Frontignan is a commune in the Hérault department in the southern part of France.

Saint-Julien-les-Villas

Saint-Julien-les-Villas is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Léger-près-Troyes

Saint-Léger-près-Troyes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

The Blue Max

The Blue Max is a 1966 British Irish World War I drama movie directed by John Guillermin and starring George Peppard, James Mason, Ursula Andrews, Jeremy Kemp, Harry Towb, Karl Michael Vogler, Anton Diffring, Peter Woodthorpe, Loni von Friedl, Derek Newmark, Derren Nesbitt. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Castricum

Castricum is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 35,772 people lived there.

Diemen

Diemen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 29,196 people lived there.

Drechterland

Drechterland is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 19,597 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 1979 from the former municipalities of Hoogkarspel, Oosterblokker and Westwoud. Until 1980, it was named Bangert. In 2006, the former municipality of Venhuizen was added to Drechterland.

Dana, Illinois

Dana is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Edam-Volendam

Edam-Volendam is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 36,099 people lived there.

It consists of the two towns: Edam and Volendam. In 2016, Zeevang is part of the municipality of Edam-Volendam.

ꞯ

ꞯ, a small capital letter Q, may mean:


This letter was added to Unicode very recently and will not be supported on most devices.

First Battle of El Alamein

The First Battle of El Alamein was a battle during the Second World War that took place in El Alamein, Egypt. It was fought between the Allied forces, Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy from July 1 to July 27 1942. It was part of the Western Desert Campaign.

German Field Marshal Commander Erwin Rommel led the Afrika Korps. British Field Marshal Claude Auchinleck led the Eighth Army, defending El Alamein from Rommel's attacking army. Italian General Ettore Bastico was also part of the battle.

The British prevented a second advance by the Axis forces into Egypt, which were 66 miles from Alexandria and dangerously close to the ports and cities of Egypt.

Cyle Larin

Cyle Christopher Larin (; born 17 April 1995) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a striker or a left winger for La Liga club Mallorca and the Canada national team.

He started playing college soccer with the Connecticut Huskies. He was the first pick of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft, joining Orlando City. He broke the record for most goals by a rookie in his first MLS season, scoring 17 in 27 games and earning the MLS Rookie of the Year Award. He played 89 games and scored 44 goals for Orlando, before moving to Beşiktaş in January 2018. In the 2029-20 season he played on loan for Zulte Waregem. 2022 he went on to FC Brügge. Larin holds a U.S. green card which qualifies him as a domestic player in MLS rosters.

 "Scores and results list Canada's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Larin goal."



Loona

Loona (written as LOOΠΔ, ; ) is a South Korean girl group formed by Blockberry Creative. The group was first shown to the public through a project which began in October 2016, where each of the twelve members were revealed one after another by releasing a single over the next eighteen months. The members formed three sub-units: Loona 1/3, Loona Odd Eye Circle and Loona yyxy. They started as a full group with the extended play, "[+ +]" (2018), supported by the lead single "favOriTe" and the title track "Hi High."

Loona's English name came from the Hangul letters ㅇㄷㅇㅅㄴ, each an initial consonant in the syllabic blocks that make ("Idarui Sonyeo"). When changed to ㄴㅇㅇㄷㅅ, it looks like LOONA in the Latin alphabet.

On October 2, 2016, Blockberry Creative announced through Naver that they would be forming their first girl group through an 18-month long project. Between October 2016 and January 2017, four members (HeeJin, HyunJin, HaSeul, and YeoJin) joined the group; each member released a single album usually having a solo track and another track performed with other members, under the group's Korean name "Idarui Sonyeo" (). In March 2017, the group's first sub-unit, Loona 1/3, was introduced, made up of previous members HeeJin, HyunJin, HaSeul and a new member, ViVi. Loona 1/3 released the extended play "Love & Live" with a single of the same name on March 13, 2017, with a television promotion on SBS's "Inkigayo", On April 27, they released a repackaged version of the extended play, titled "Love & Evil", with the single "Sonatine". "Love & Live" and its reissued version reached number 10 and 24 respectively on South Korea's Gaon Album Chart.
Between April 2017 and July 2017, members ViVi, Kim Lip, JinSoul, and Choerry released their single albums, continuing the same "Girl of the Month" pattern. In September 2017, three members, HeeJin, HyunJin and HaSeul, auditioned for JTBC's reality show "Mix Nine"; HeeJin and HyunJin passed the audition stage making it onto the show, where HyunJin placed Top 18 and HeeJin placed fourth in the finale. The group's second sub-unit, Loona Odd Eye Circle, consisting of JinSoul, Kim Lip and Choerry, released the extended play "Mix & Match" and its single "Girl Front" on September 21, 2017, and began promotions on Mnet's "M Countdown". The English version of their song "Loonatic" was released on October 23. On October 31, they released a repackaged version of the extended play, titled "Max & Match", with three new songs including the single "Sweet Crazy Love". "Mix & Match" and the repackaged version peaked at number 16 and 7 respectively on the Gaon Album Chart.
Between November 2017 and January 2018, they released the solo single albums for new members Yves, Chuu, and Go Won, continuing the monthly pattern along with the digital single "The Carol 2.0" sung by Yves, Vivi, and Choerry. In March 2018, they released the solo single album for final member, Chandler Hye. On May 30, 2018, the group's third sub-unit, Loona yyxy, made their debut with the extended play "Beauty & the Beat". The single "love4eva" featuring Canadian musician Grimes was released the same day with a music video. The extended play reached number 4 on the Gaon Album Chart.

On August 7, 2018, Loona released a digital single titled "favOriTe", the group's first song to feature all twelve members, with a music video focusing on the group's dancing.

On August 15, Blockberry published the official tracklist for "[+ +]" (read as "plus plus") as their debut extended play as a full group. The extended play included "Favorite" and was released on August 20, 2018 alongside the title track, "Hi High". It started at number 2 on South Korea's Gaon Album Chart, and was the second best-selling debut album by a girl group in 2018. "[+ +]" was repackaged as "[X X]" (read as "multiple multiple") on February 19, 2019, with six more tracks, including a new single, "Butterfly". On August 17, 2019, Loona made their first appearance in the United States, performing at KCON 2019 in Los Angeles. On December 13, 2019, Loona released a single called "365" as an appreciation song for their fans.
On January 7, 2020, Blockberry Creative announced that leader HaSeul would not take part in promotions of the next album due to mental health problems. She was said to be diagnosed with “intermittent anxiety symptoms” and would be taking time to take care of her health. On February 5, 2020, Loona released their second EP titled "[#]" (read as "hash"), along with the title track "So What". Although HaSeul did not help with the title track, her vocals are featured on three of the songs on the album, including "365". The EP debuted at number 2 on the Gaon Album Chart, and has become the group's best selling album to date. On March 12, 2020, Loona took their first music show trophy with "So What" on Mnet's "M Countdown".

On September 17, Loona was set to be releasing their third EP titled "]" (read as "midnight") on October 19. Blockberry Creative said that Haseul will not be a part of the comeback, out of her own decision to take care of the recovery of her health.

Adapted from their Naver profile:





Cob

Cob or COB may mean:








205 series

The 205 series is a type of train operated in Japan. Operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and also KRL Commuterline in Jakarta, Indonesia.

209 series

The 209 series is the train operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan.

E235 series

The E235 series is a train model operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan. The train was made between 2015 and 2017 for the Yamanote Line, and since 2020 for the Yokosuka line.

Tokyo Metro 05 series

Tokyo Metro 05 series is a train operated on Tokyo Metro Tōzai Line.


BMO Field

BMO Field is an outdoor stadium located at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is the home stadium of MLS team Toronto FC and the CFL team Toronto Argonauts. It was built on the site of the former Exhibition Stadium. The stadium was first opened in 2007. BMO Field hosted matches during the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup and 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. The stadium has also hosted rugby union matches.

BMO Field is the fifth stadium to be built at its exact location at Exhibition Place. The most recent was Exhibition Stadium, which was demolished in 1999.

On May 11, 2006, Major League Soccer announced that Toronto FC would join the league as its 13th (and first Canada-based) team in 2007, with BMO Field being its own stadium.

In August 2017, Toronto FC II, which normally hosted their games at the Ontario Soccer Centre, announced that it would move its home games to BMO Field and Lamport Stadium, starting with the 2018 season. The team moved their home games to BMO Training Ground for the 2019 season, after they dropped to the USL League One.

It will host matches during the 2026 FIFA World Cup. 

Toronto FC played their first game at BMO Field on April 28, 2007. The grand opening celebration took place on May 12, 2007.

The 2008 MLS All-Star Game was held at BMO Field on July 24, 2008 versus Premier League team West Ham United.

BMO Field has hosted several MLS Cup matches, and was the first stadium outside of the United States to host the event in 2010, when the Colorado Rapids won 2-1 against FC Dallas. The first MLS home playoff game held at BMO Field saw Toronto FC defeat the Philadelphia Union 3–1 on October 26, 2016. BMO Field hosted the MLS Cup again in 2016, as Toronto FC won the MLS Eastern Championship and hosted the Seattle Sounders in the final. Seattle won the match 5–4 on penalties, after a goalless draw after extra time.

On December 9, 2017, BMO Field hosted its second consecutive MLS Cup in 2017. The match was a rematch between Toronto FC and the Seattle Sounders, who played each other in the 2016 MLS Cup. Toronto FC won 2–0, and became the first MLS team to complete a domestic treble, and was the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.

BMO Field hosted the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup, the first major tournament held at the stadium. The stadium saw the Canadian Under-20 squad once. The stadium also saw six knockout stage games including the Final; which was won by Argentina. Due to FIFA sponsorship regulations, the venue was referred to as the "National Soccer Stadium" during the event.
BMO Field hosted the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. Canada played in Toronto for the first two match days, with Korea DPR, Finland, and Ghana in their group. National Soccer Stadium also hosted a quarterfinal match on August 16.

The Argonauts moved to the renovated BMO Field, starting with the 2016 season. On October 1, 2015, BMO Field was awarded the rights to host the 104th Grey Cup, which was played on November 27, 2016. On June 11, 2016, the Argonauts played their first game at the stadium, a preseason (exhibition) game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. The Argos won that game 25–16. On June 23, the Argos played their first regular season game at BMO Field, where they lost 42–20 to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.

On January 1, 2017, BMO Field hosted an NHL outdoor game, the NHL Centennial Classic, in honour of the Toronto Maple Leafs' and the NHL's centennial seasons. The Leafs hosted the Detroit Red Wings, in a rematch of the 2014 NHL Winter Classic, which was held three years before. The venue was referred to as "Exhibition Stadium" for its duration, as Scotiabank (a direct competitor to BMO), was title sponsor of the event.

As of 6 October 2020, the only music concert at BMO Field was performed by the progressive rock group Genesis on September 7, 2007.

The first goal at BMO Field was scored by Eddie Johnson for the Kansas City Wizards in a 1–0 Major League Soccer win over home side Toronto FC in the stadium opener on April 28, 2007. The first Toronto FC goal at the stadium was Danny Dichio's first-half strike against Chicago Fire on May 12, 2007 (also his club's first MLS goal).

The first goal at BMO Field scored by a Canadian came at the official opening on May 11, 2007, in a U-20 friendly between Canada and Argentina. David Edgar scored a penalty in a 2–1 defeat for Canada, just four minutes after Gómez had scored the first international goal at the stadium.

Costa Rica's Víctor Núñez scored the first senior international goal in a 1–1 friendly draw with hosts Canada on September 12, 2007, shortly before Dwayne De Rosario scored Canada's first senior goal at the stadium.

The first Toronto FC goal scored by a Canadian at BMO Field was in a June 25, 2007 friendly against Aston Villa of the English Premier League. Andrea Lombardo scored an equalizer at BMO Field's south end to make it 2–2 before Aston Villa ran out 4–2 winners. The first league goal at BMO Field scored by a Canadian came when Miguel Cañizalez scored for Toronto FC in the second minute of their 2–1 defeat to the Columbus Crew on September 22, 2007, snapping an 824-minute MLS goalless streak.

The first Toronto FC MLS playoff goal was scored at BMO Field in the 15th minute by Sebastian Giovinco on October 26, 2016 in front of 21,759. In the same game, the first Toronto FC playoff goal scored by a Canadian was by Jonathan Osorio in the 48th minute; the final score was 3–1 over the Philadelphia Union.

In Canadian football, the first CFL points scored at BMO Field was a Toronto Argonauts completed touchdown pass caught by Vidal Hazelton, thrown by Logan Kilgore, in a June 11, 2016 exhibition Argos win; final score 25–16. The first CFL regular season points scored at the stadium was a conceded safety touch of 2 points by Canadian Argos kicker/punter Lirim Hajrullahu in a 20–42 loss on June 23. The first regular season points scored by the Argos at BMO Field was a successful field goal kicked by Hajrullahu in the same game. On July 25, the Argonauts won their first regular season game at their new home, defeating the Montreal Alouettes 30–17.

The largest attendance for any event at the stadium was on January 1, 2017, when the Toronto Maple Leafs hosted the Detroit Red Wings in the NHL Centennial Classic in front of 40,148 people. The largest attendance for a Major League Soccer game was on December 10, 2016, when Toronto FC hosted the Seattle Sounders FC in the 2016 MLS Cup Final in front of 36,045. The largest attendance for a Canadian Football League game was the 104th Grey Cup played before 33,421 on November 27, 2016.

Notes: 

The largest crowd for rugby at BMO Field and in Canada occurred when the Canada national rugby union team hosted the New Zealand Māori All Blacks before 22,566 people on November 3, 2013. The Maori All Blacks won the match 40–15.



Tokyo Metro 6000 series

The Tokyo Metro 6000 series (東京メトロ6000系, Tōkyō Metoro 6000-kei) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro on the Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line in Tokyo, Japan from 1971 to 2018. A number of trainsets have been exported to Indonesia for use by Kereta Commuter Indonesia following their withdrawal in Japan.

The individual set histories are as shown below.

The Secret Life of an American Wife

The Secret Life of an American Wife is a 1968 American comedy movie directed by George Axelrod and stars Walter Matthau, Anne Jackson, Patrick O'Neal, Edy Williams, Richard Bull, Paul Napier. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office failure.


Brentwood, California

Brentwood is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 64,292. This was up from 23,302 people in 2000.

Brentwood is on the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta. It is about 55 miles (90 km) from San Francisco and 60 miles (100 km) from Sacramento by driving distance.

Acre, Israel

Acre ( or ), known to locals as Akko (, "ʻAkkō") or Akka (, "ʻAkkā"), is a city in the Mediterranean coastal plain region of the Northern District of Israel. Its residents include Muslims, Jews and Arabs.

<br>


Lieutenant Governor of Tennessee

The Lieutenant Governor and Speaker of the Senate of Tennessee is the presiding officer of the Tennessee Senate and first in line in the succession to the office of Governor of Tennessee in the event of the death, resignation, or removal from office through impeachment and conviction of the Governor of the State of Tennessee.


Randy McNally

James Rand McNally (born January 30, 1944) is an American politician. He is the 50th and current Lieutenant Governor of Tennessee since 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Tennessee Senate since 1987.

John Shelton Wilder

John Shelton Wilder (June 3, 1921 – January 1, 2010) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Mason, Tennessee.

He was the 48th Lieutenant Governor of Tennessee for 36 years from January 1971 to January 2007. He lost his re-election in 2006. He is the longest serving Lieutenant Governor in the history of the United States. 

He was a Tennessee state senator from 1959 to 1961 and again from 1967 to 2009. 

Wilder died on January 1, 2010 in Memphis, Tennessee from a stroke, aged 88.

Mason, Tennessee

Mason is a town in Tipton County, Tennessee. The population was 1,337 at the 2020 census.

Tipton County, Tennessee

Tipton County is a county located on the western end of the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is in the Mississippi Delta region. As of the 2020 census, the population was 60,970. Its county seat is Covington.

Covington, Tennessee

Covington is a city in central Tipton County, Tennessee, United States. Covington is the largest city and county seat of Tipton County. The city's population was 8,663 at the time of the 2020 U.S. Census.

Rutherfordton, North Carolina

Rutherfordton is a town in Rutherford County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 3,640 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat.

Tennessee Senate

The Tennessee Senate is the upper house of the U.S. state of Tennessee's state legislature, which is known formally as the Tennessee General Assembly.

Tennessee General Assembly

The Tennessee General Assembly (TNGA) is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is a part-time bicameral legislature made-up of a Senate and a House of Representatives. The Speaker of the Senate is also the Lieutenant Governor of Tennessee.

Tennessee House of Representatives

The Tennessee House of Representatives is the lower house of the Tennessee General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Tennessee.


Peter Gutwein

Peter Carl Gutwein (; born 21 December 1964) is an Australian politician. He has served as the 46th Premier of Tasmania since January 2020. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He has severed in the Tasmanian House of Assembly since 2002, representing the electorate of Bass. He replaced Will Hodgman as leader of the Tasmanian division of the Liberal Party and Tasmanian Premier on 20 January 2020.

Gutwein was born in England. His mother was British and his father was from central Europe. In 1969, his family moved to Tasmania as "Ten Pound Poms". He grew up in the locality of Nunamara, near Launceston. He became an Australian citizen in 1980. He is married and has two children.


Tennessee Secretary of State

The Tennessee Secretary of State is an office created by the Tennessee State Constitution. The Secretary of State is responsible for many of the administrative aspects of the operation of state government of Tennessee. The current Secretary of State is Tre Hargett.

Tony Blue

Anthony Arthur Crampton "Tony" Blue (4 February 1936 – 1 October 2020) was an Australian middle-distance runner. He competed in the 800 metres at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics. 

Blue won a bronze medal in the 880 yards at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.

Blue died on 1 October 2020 at the age of 84.

Edward S. Feldman

Edward S. Feldman (September 5, 1929 – October 2, 2020) was an American movie and television producer. He was born in New York City. Feldman was known for his works "Witness", "The Truman Show" and "The Golden Child".

Feldman died on October 2, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 91.


Anil Devgan

Anil Devgan (1969 – 5 October 2020) was an Indian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Mumbai, Maharashtra. He was known for directing "Raju Chacha", "Blackmail" and "Haal-e-Dil". He also wrote the screenplays for movies.

Devgan died of cardiac arrest on 5 October 2020 in Mumbai at the age of 51.

Oļegs Karavajevs

Oļegs Karavajevs (13 February 1961 – October 2020) was a Latvian international football goalkeeper. Karavajevs was the goalkeeper who made the most appearances for the national team between 1992 to 1999.

Karavajevs died in October 2020, aged 59.

Alfons Borrell i Palazón

Alfons Borrell i Palazón (3 June 1931 – 6 October 2020) was a Spanish abstract painter. He was born in Barcelona. His art was one of the first seen in the Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art. In 1969 he joined the Grup Gallot "(Gallot Group)".

Borrell i Palazón died on 6 October 2020 in Sabadell at the age of 89.

Nosratollah Vahdat

Nosratollah Vahdat (; 7 September 1925 – 6 October 2020) was an Iranian comedian, actor, and director. He was born in Isfahan, Iran. His career began in 1950. His best known works were "Luck and Love and Coincidence" (1959), "The Doll Behind the Window" (1960), "A Passenger from Heaven" (1963) and "Yek Esfahani dar sarzamin-e Hitler" (1968).

Vahdat died on 6 October 2020 in Tehran from pneumonia, aged 95.

Wladimir Yordanoff

Wladimir Yordanoff (; 28 March 1954 – 6 October 2020) was a Monégasque-born French actor. He appeared in more than sixty movies since 1979. He was born in Monaco. His best known roles were in "Vincent & Theo", "Mark of an Angel" and in "An Officer and a Spy".

Yordanoff died on 6 October 2020 in Normandy, France, aged 66.

Harold G. Chaffee

Harold G. Chaffee (1925/1926 – October 6, 2020) was an American football player and coach. He was the head football coach at Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln, Nebraska from 1969 to 1981. 

Chaffee was a quarterback at Colorado State College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts—now known as Colorado State University—in the late 1940s. 

Chaffee died on October 6, 2020 at the age of 94.

Suleiman Mahmoud

Suleiman Mahmoud al-Obeidi (1949 – 6 October 2020) was a Lebanese senior military officer. He was formerly a commander in Muammar Gaddafi's army. He was commander of the Tobruk Military Region. He supported the opposition during the Libyan Civil War. In 2011, he was Chief of Staff to the National Liberation Army.

On 6 October 2020, Mahmoud died of COVID-19 in Tripoli at the age of 71.

Pietro Scandelli

Pietro Scandelli (16 October 1941 – 5 October 2020) was an Italian racing cyclist. He won stage 21 of the 1966 Giro d'Italia. He was born in Crema, Italy.

Scandelli died on 5 October 2020 in Crema at the age of 78.

Crema, Lombardy

Crema (; Cremasco: ) is a city and "comune" in the province of Cremona, in the region of Lombardy in northern Italy.

This is a list of the mayors of Crema since 1993:

Nanning

Nanning () is the capital and largest city by population of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in Southern China. 

As of 2018, Nanning had a population of 7,241,100.

Movers &amp; Shakers

Movers & Shakers is a 1985 American comedy movie directed by William Asher and starring Walter Matthau, Charles Grodin (who also worte), Vincent Gardenia, Tyne Daly, Gilda Radner, Steve Martin, Bill Macy. It was distributed by United Artists.


E231 series

The is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type used for commuter and outer-suburban services operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan since 2000.



203 series

The is an Electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated in Japan between 1982 and 2011 by Japanese National Railways (JNR) and later by East Japan Railway Company (JR East), and currently operated by Kereta Commuter Indonesia in Indonesia and Philippine National Railways (PNR) in the Philippines.

Flag of Sindh

The Flag of Sindh is the flag of the Province of Sindh within Pakistan. The Sindh provincial flag is green and shows the provincial emblem in the centre which includes the major crops of this desert fertile province; cotton, rice, wheat and sugar cane. The inscription below in a crescent scroll reads "Government of Sindh" in both Urdu and Sindhi, respectively. The flag uses the Pakistani national colours, white and dark green, colors that reflect the Islamic heritage of Pakistan.


Flag of Balochistan, Pakistan

The Flag of Balochistan is the flag of the Province of Balochistan within Pakistan. The Balochistan provincial flag shows stylised mountains of this barren province and the principal mode of transport - the camel, also the "provincial animal". Displaying Pakistani national colours, white and dark Green, with a Crescent and star to represent the Muslim-majority all of which shows its Islamic heritage and strong ties with the Federation of Pakistan respectively.


Flag of Punjab, Pakistan

The Flag of Punjab is the flag of the Province of Punjab within Pakistan. The Punjab provincial flag is green and shows the provincial emblem in the centre which reflects Punjab's natural resources like its wheat crop, and the five rivers which give the province its name in Persian (from Punj = Five, Aab = Waters). The inscription below in a crescent scroll reads "Government of Punjab" in Shahmukhi alphabets of Punjabi. The flag uses the Pakistani national colours, white and dark green, colors that reflect the Islamic heritage of Pakistan.


Flag of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

The Flag of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is the flag of the Province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa within Pakistan. The KPK provincial flag shows Jamrud Fort, the guardian of the Khyber Pass and mountains in the back. Displaying Pakistani national colours, white and dark Green, with a small Crescent and star at the top to represent the Muslim-majority all of which shows its Islamic heritage and strong ties with the Federation of Pakistan, and the Inscription below in a scroll reads the official name of the province in Urdu, respectively.


Flag of Gilgit–Baltistan

The Flag of Gilgit–Baltistan is the flag of the Autonomous Province of Gilgit Baltistan within ""Northern Pakistan"". The Gilgit Baltistan provincial flag shows the emblem of Pakistan is reflective of the natural topography of the province - the Markhor, is the "National animal"; Deodar cedar, is the "National tree"; and K2 is the "National mountain" of the country. Displaying Pakistani national colours, white and dark Green, with a Crescent and star to represent the Muslim-majority all of which shows its Islamic heritage and strong ties with the Federation of Pakistan respectively. No Inscription devised below in Urdu, respectively.


Hurricane Delta

Hurricane Delta was an Atlantic tropical cyclone in October 2020. The hurricane struck the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico. It later threatened east central Louisiana and western Mississippi. Delta's winds peaked near 145 miles an hour.

The storm also threatened the western Caribbean islands, including the Cayman Islands, Cuba and Jamaica.

Tropical cyclone warnings and watches were put up for Mexico, the Cayman Islands and Cuba.

Flag of Greater Manchester

The Flag of Greater Manchester is the flag of the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester in England.

The flag was adopted by Greater Manchester County Council in 1974, and derives from the shield and crest design on the coat of arms of Greater Manchester; the design itself is used by a number of organisations that represent the Greater Manchester area, such as the former Greater Manchester County Council, the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service, and the Greater Manchester Army Cadet Force, all of which use ten golden towers on a red background to represent the ten metropolitan boroughs.

The flag consists of ten golden castles (arranged in rows of 3–2–3–2) on a red background, fringed by a golden border in the style of a castle battlement. The blazon is: "Gules, ten Towers three two three two, all within a Bordure embattled Or".

The ten golden castles represent each of the county's ten districts: Bolton, Bury, Manchester, Oldham, Rochdale, Tameside, Trafford, Salford, Stockport, and Wigan. The red ground represents manpower and the region's red-brick architectural heritage, both legacies of Greater Manchester's industrial past. The embattled border represents the unity and shared future of the region, and its bold, vigilant and forward-looking character.

The flag currently flies in front of the National Rail offices at Manchester Piccadilly railway station, and in front of Rochdale Town Hall.

Emmanuelle Charpentier

Emmanuelle Marie Charpentier (born 11 December 1968) is a French researcher of microbiology, genetics and biochemistry. She is known for her work in CRISPR gene editing. 

From 2015 she was a director at the Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology in Berlin. In 2018, she founded an independent research institute, the Max Planck Unit for the Science of Pathogens. 

In 2020, Charpentier and Jennifer Doudna were awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for the development of a method for genome editing". 

In 2015, she was one of "Time" magazine's 100 most influential people in 2015, also with Doudna.

Charpentier was born in Juvisy-sur-Orge, Île-de-France.

Enkhuizen

Enkhuizen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 18,507 people lived there.

Binary coded decimal

Binary coded decimal is a way to encode numbers. The number is first split into digits, and each digit is then encoded in binary. This will result in a code from 0 0 0 0 (for "0") to "1 0 0 1" (for 9). The other codes (1010 to 1 1 1 1, representing the numbers 10 to 15) are not valid.

Flag of Hyderabad State

The Flag of Hyderabad state is the flag of the State of hyderabad. The Hyderabad state flag shows Green and Red (fly) with a Star and reversed Crescent (in white) in the centre, used as a state flag. It was annexed by India in 1948, after Winston Churchill had proposed to the United Nations to consider it as an independent state.

The forebears of the Asaf Jahi Dynasty came to India from Samarkand, in Central Asia, but the family actually originated from Baghdad. In 1724, the Mughal Governor of the Deccan, (Nizam ul-Mulk) Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asaf Jah I, established himself as an independent ruler of Deccan. Hyderabad became the capital and later lent its name to that of the state he had created. The first Nizam's successors became closely allied to the British colonialists, frequently assisting them in subduing their enemies, the Maratha dynasty, Tipu Sultan of Mysore, and the French. In later years, the Nizam's troops invariably took part in all the main campaigns undertaken by the British Indian Army. Large numbers of his troops took part in the First and Second World Wars. These contributions earned for the Nizam unequalled titles and honours from a grateful Emperor.

The state was the largest and premier of all princely states within the British Indian Empire. After the Pakistani and Indian Independences, the 7th Nizam of Hyderabad, Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII decided that the Princely state of Hyderabad will not join the New Dominion of India or Dominion of Pakistan. His decision found favour with Pakistan but not with India, when he formally declared it on the 24th of August in 1947 respectively. The Nizam’s state was a prosperous one and had its own army, railway and airline network, postal system and radio network. On 15th August 1947, India declared itself an independent nation. And so did Hyderabad.

At the time of the Independence movement of India, the State of Hyderabad was the largest of all princely states in India. The Nizam ruled over lands extending to cover 82,698 mi² (214,190 km²) of fairly homogenous territory and was bigger than Belarus but was smaller than the Guyana. The Nizam ruled over a cosmopolitan comprised of a population of roughly 16.34 million people (as per the 1941 census) of which a majority (83%) was Hindu. These advantages persuaded the Nizam to attempt an Independent existence when the British withdrew from the sub-continent in 1947. He blatantly refused to succumb to be subdued to any pressure whatsoever to reluctantly join either India or Pakistan, preferring to form a separate Kingdom of its own within the British Commonwealth of Nations. Hyderabad State had its own Army, Airline, Telecommunication system, railway network, postal system, currency and Radio broadcasting service.

On 6 October 1948, Pakistan's Foreign Minister Zafarullah, requested the President of the United Nations Security Council that Pakistan be permitted to participate in the discussion of the Hyderabad question in accordance with Article 31 of the United Nations' Charter. The Government of Pakistan took the case and raised the question of the State of hyderabad to the United Nations security council Pursuant to Article 31, where it is still pending for resolution Pakistan has been mainly involved in arguments for the rights of Kashmiris. In spite of raising questions that predominantly affect Pakistan, the Pakistan delegation is often able to play a significant role in debates on other issues as well. As a number of states had not attained independence in the 1950s, Pakistan became an effective spokesman of many Asian states and movements, It states:

In this distinct entity of State of hyderabad, where no official Referendum was held and where the ruler did not accede, the forced accession to India brought about by Military action, was presumed to have the tacit approval of the predominantly Hindu population. In each case of annexation there was a different rationale, but a similar goal, namely Annexation of territories. The use of military force provided the only consistency in India's policy. The state that was once so well noted for its religious and ethnic toleration, ruled by a highly cultured and intellectually brilliant elite who maintained all that was best in the old Mughal order, was now no more. Although it has not always been satisfied with the effectiveness of the United Nations to act on Kashmir, Pakistan remains a keen and active member. Pakistan would like to see the United Nations strengthened so that it can serve as an effective force to uphold International law and protect weaker states.


Obdam

Obdam is a village and former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Koggenland.

Wester-Koggenland

Wester-Koggenland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Koggenland.

Flag of Junagadh State

The flag of former Junagadh State is based on the Civil State Ensign of the Flag of Pakistan in the canton. According to traditional official description, The badge is a white disk with Green objects are described in the warrant as 'bezants' and 'mountains' in the centre of the disk, with the name of the state at the top, with the state badge located in the fly respectively.

Junagadh and Bantva-Manavadar was a Princely "Maritime State" which faced towards the Arabian Sea with Pakistan, in the Kathiawar Peninsula, the capital city was Junagarh. Ruled by Muslim rulers in British Raj till its illegal annexation into the Indian nation in 1948. It had an area of 8,904.6 Sq. Km² (3,438 Sq. Mi²) and was bigger than Puerto Rico but was smaller than the Cyprus.

Mohammad Sher khan Babi, who owed allegiance to the Mughal governor of Gujarat subah, founded the state of Junagadh and declaring independence in 1730 after Marathas Gaikwad invasion. Muhammad Sher khan Babi, was the founder of the "Babi Dynasty" of Junagadh State dynasty. His descendants, the Babi Nawabs of Junagadh, conquered large territories in southern Saurashtra and ruled over the state for the next two centuries, first as tributaries of Marathas, and later under the Suzerainty of the British Raj. The Junagadh family shares joint descent with the princely houses of Radhanpur and Balasinor, and the small states of Bantva, Manavadar and Sardargarh. Descendents of the Ghilzai Pathans from Afghanistan, they entered India under Usman Khan Babi, a follower of Emperor Humayun. His son, Sher Khan Babi, arrived in Gujarat in the train of Prince Murad Baksh, the Imperial Viceroy. For many years, the family remained the faithful, though powerful, local fief holders of and exceptional loyalty to the Mughal power. The impending collapse of the Islamic Indian empire during the early years of the eighteenth century, prompted the family household to carve out independent Kingdoms of their own to govern, from various landholdings and governorships they held sway. Sher Khan Babi, the Chief of the family, founded the state by expelling the then Mogul Governor in 1735. Originally a Rajput domain, it fell to the Muslims commanded by Mohammed Bagra of Ahmedabad in 1472.

Sher Khan's descendent held the posts and ruled over the state for the next two centuries, for a period as tributaries of Baroda, and later it came under the Suzerainty of the British Raj. In 1807 the Junagadh State became a British protectorate and The East India Company took control of the state by 1818 and the Saurashtra area with other Princely states of Kathiawar peninsula were separately administrated under Kathiawar Agency by British India.

In 1947 upon the Independence of Pakistan and the Indian Transfer of Power, the last Babi dynasty ruler of the state Mohammad Mahabat Khanji III merged it into newly formed Dominion of Pakistan. Although surrounded on three sides by the Dominion of India, and on the fourth by open Arabian Sea. On 15th August it acceded to Pakistan and Pakistan Government accepted on 13th September 1947, following the Independence of the new Dominions of the Republic of India and Pakistan, the Khan Sahib Ghulam Moinuddin Khanji acceded his state of Manavadar to Pakistan, even though, being a Vassal state of Junagadh State, the prince had every right to do so. This act was done at the same time as his master, the Nawab of Junagadh who himself had the right not to accede his state to modern India, this was fully in accordance with the agreed principles for accession of Princely states. The accession not agreeable to the Indians, they applied various methods of tactic intimidation. They induced two vassal rulers to accede to their country in return for recognition as independent rulers, but even this did not last very long. Simultaneously, 'People's Committees' and the Indian National Congress party agitators were most encouraged to ferment civil unrest and create disturbances, against the new Dominion of Pakistan aimed at reducing the administration to chaos. The Nawab and his remaining family had fled to the safety fearing for their lives on the 24th October in 1947, and chose to flee to their desired country, followed shortly afterwards by his Prime Minister they all eventually settled in the port city of Karachi (then as the capital of the nation).

In response to this Indian armed occupying forces acted very quickly and illegally entered the abandoned state by invading it inhabitants and assumed full control on the poor defenceless people, then arranged a Referendum by the GOI under their own organised auspices and even appointed its own administrator on the 9th November. The largely Hindu population were influenced and inevitably expressed an overwhelming wish to join the India. A mere 91 voters out of 201, 457 souls taking part wanted to remain and voted in favour of Pakistan. A surprising result, given that the state had a 40% Muslim population, which was considered a Dependency to the allied country by safeguarding their rights as a minority now as the claimed Disputed territory of Pakistan. Nawab Mahabat Khan III is much maligned by modern Indian "historians" and popular writers, largely because of his concern for wildlife and domesticated animals, their welfare and conservation. Much is written about a marriage party that he arranged for a favourite pet dog, but the fact of matter is that Saurashtra was blessed with its only tracts of forests land because of him, was never mentioned. He took major steps and dedication to protect the dwindling Gir forests, final abode of the remaining population of the Asiatic Lions. His interests in animal husbandry improved the breeding stock of Kathiwadi horses and Gir cattle, greatly improving the milk yields of the latter. His reign saw the opening of the massive Willingdon Dam, built the Bahadur Khanji Library and opened the Mahabat Khan free college. Upon his death in 1959 the Government of Pakistan installed and recognised the Junagadh House in Karachi, 9th October 1991. The Nawab of Junagadh Foundation Trust is also located there.


Volendam

Volendam is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is part of the municipality of Edam-Volendam.

In 2017, it had about 22,000 inhabitants.

Volendam is a very musical place, many groups and singers come from this town, like BZN, The Cats, Nick & Simon, and Jan Smit. The kind of music they perform has a name of itself, called the Palingsound (paling means eel).

Koggenland

Koggenland is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 22,738 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2007 from the former municipalities of Obdam and Wester-Koggenland.

Former flag of East Bengal, Pakistan

The former Flag of East Bengal or East Pakistan flag was the flag of the former Province of East Bengal within a united then East Pakistan. The Bengali east provincial flag showed a Crescent and star within a Red disc on top of a dark green field, offset slightly left towards the hoist so that it appeared centred when the sub-national flag was flying in the erstwhile lost territory. The traditional crescent moon and star was to represent its association with a Federal Pakistan and its commitments to Islam and the wider "Muslim Ummah", the Red disc represented the bloodshed and Partition they fought so hard for a Muslim Indian homeland during the dark days of misrule and occupation by foreign powers, and the new sun rising over Bengal as a new dawn for the celebration of the 1947 Islamic Independence, and also the Muslim blood of those who died for their Muslim League political agenda from the Hindus and the British imperial colonialism. The dark green field stood for the Muslims of the eastern sector land of the former province that united them briefly against the dominant hostile majority non-Muslim of volatile Republic of India. It has been since 1972 replaced by the separatist New current regime of an Independentist aspirant Bangladesh Flag.


Heemstede

Heemstede is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 27,286 people lived there.

Haarlemmermeer

Haarlemmermeer is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 154,235 people lived there.

Since 2019, Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude has been part of the municipality of Haarlemmermeer.

Gooise Meren

Gooise Meren is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 57,715 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2016 from the former municipalities of Bussum, Muiden, and Naarden.

Heemskerk

Heemskerk is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 39,164 people lived there.

Heerhugowaard

Heerhugowaard is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2021, about 58,400 people lived there. 

Since 2022, it has been part of the new municipality of Dijk en Waard.

Skee-Lo

Antoine Roundtree (born March 27, 1975), better known as Skee-Lo, is an American rap music singer. He is best known for his 1995 rap song "I Wish". In the United Kingdom, he had another hit song, "Top of the Stairs". The latter came from the "Money Train" soundtrack.

His first hit song on radio was "I Wish" during the summer of 1995. The song didn't have profanity or violence. This was when gangsta rap was incredibly popular.

Skee-Lo was born in Chicago, Illinois. He later moved to New York City, then to Los Angeles.

Controlling interest

A controlling interest is having a big interest or ownership in a company or corporation. It usually includes enough voting power. Having the majority of voting shares (usually over 50%) means having a controlling interest.

A 2019 study published in the Virginia Law Review said dual-class stock structures, common to newly public technology companies, creates governance risks and costs. Including the potential loss of economic value for non-voting shares held by public investors.

Bunny Lee

Edward O'Sullivan Lee (23 August 1941 – 6 October 2020), better known by the name Bunny "Striker" Lee, was a Jamaican record producer. In 2008 he was awarded the Order of Distinction by the Jamaican government in recognition of his contribution to Jamaican music.

During the late 1970s Lee produced almost every deejay, notably Dennis Alcapone, U-Roy, I-Roy, Prince Jazzbo, U Brown, Dr Alimantado, Jah Stitch, Trinity, and Tapper Zukie.

Lee died on 6 October 2020 from respiratory and kidney failure, aged 79.

Eitan Haber

Eitan Haber (, born 12 March 1940 – 7 October 2020) was an Israeli journalist and publicist. He was known for his writing on military and security issues. He was a close ally and advisor to Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. Haber was born in Tel Aviv. He worked for "Yedioth Ahronoth" as a correspondent on military issues.

Haber died on 7 October 2020 in Tel Aviv from pancreatic cancer at the age of 80.

Herbert Feuerstein

Herbert Feuerstein (15 June 1937 – 6 October 2020) was an Austrian-born German journalist and comedian.

He worked for and, from 1968, became editor of the German-language newspaper "New Yorker Staats-Zeitung". 

From 1968, he was the editor of the German version of "Mad".

He also worked as the dub voice of Gilbert Huph in the German-language version of Pixar's "The Incredibles".

Feuerstein was born in Zell am See, Austria. 

He became a German citizen in 1990. Feuerstein died in Erftstadt, Germany on 6 October 2020, aged 83.


Joseph Bruno

Joseph Louis Bruno (April 8, 1929 – October 6, 2020) was an American businessman and Republican politician. He was born in Glens Falls, New York. From 1977 to 2008, he was a member of the New York State Senate. Between March to June 2008, he was Acting Lieutenant Governor of New York.

In January 2009, Bruno was indicted on eight federal corruption charges, including mail and wire fraud. In December 2009, Bruno was convicted of two counts of mail and wire fraud. In May 2010, he was sentenced to two years in jail. In May 2014, he was acquitted of all crimes.

Bruno died on October 6, 2020 at his home in Brunswick, New York from prostate cancer at the age of 91.

New York State Assembly

The New York State Assembly is the lower house of the New York State Legislature, the New York State Senate being the upper house. There are 150 seats in the Assembly. Assembly members serve two-year terms with no term limits.

The Assembly meets at the State Capitol in Albany. It is currently controlled by the Democratic Party.

The Assembly has been controlled by the Democratic Party since 1975. As of October 2020, the Democrats hold 101 of the Assembly's 150 seats. 


New York State Legislature

The New York State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of New York. It is made up of two houses: the New York State Assembly (lower house) and the New York State Senate (upper house). It meets at the New York State Capitol in Albany, New York.

Session laws passed by the Legislature are published in the official "Laws of New York". 

The Democratic Party currently controls both houses of the legislature.

New York State Senate

The New York State Senate is the upper house of the New York State Legislature, the New York State Assembly being the lower house. Its members are elected to two-year terms; there are no term limits. 

As of 2014, there are 63 seats in the Senate.


<nowiki>*</nowiki> First elected in a special election.

Sherwood Boehlert

Sherwood Louis "Sherry" Boehlert (September 28, 1936 – September 20, 2021) was an American politician. He was born in Utica, New York. He was a member of the Republican Party. From 1983 to 2007, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives.

Boehlert died on September 20, 2021 under hospice care from dementia-related problems in New Hartford, New York at the age of 84.


Oslo Accords

The Oslo Accords are a pair of agreements between the government of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO): the Oslo I Accord, signed in Washington, D.C., in 1993; and the Oslo II Accord, signed in Taba, Egypt, in 1995.

The first ideas regarding the Oslo Accords started in the Madrid Conference for Peace in 1991. The Oslo negotiations were planned in secret and ultimately led to an agreement after nine months. The accords were meant to create a new relationship between Palestine and Israel on a long-term basis. The Oslo Accords intended to create three changes. The first one is that the accords would give the Palestinian people the right to have political control over its own territories, to have a return of Palestinian leadership. The second one is that the Palestinian national movement PLO (Palestine Liberation Organization) could resume their struggle with an open mind. The third one is that the accords brought hope to the Palestinians with them, for the first time since the Nakba.

The Oslo Accords were to create a Palestinian state. However, there was never a mention of a state in both of the documents signed in 1993 and 1995. There has never been a mention of a Two-State solution, but it had been assumed that there would come a two state solution by the Israeli side led by the Labor party.

The Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu tried to cancel or delay the Oslo Accords, but because of pressure from the United States and Europe the Oslo Accords were continued.

The Oslo Accords marked the start of the Oslo Peace Process. The 1994 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded jointly to Yasser Arafat, Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin "for their efforts to create peace in the Middle East. 

The development of the first of the two agreements, the Oslo I Accord, which they also call the Declaration of principles on interim self-governing arrangements (DOP), took place in the capital of Norway, Oslo, and was a secret effort to help along the peace process.During the secret negotiations in Oslo, Prime minister Yitzhak Rabin sent Yasser Arafat, from the PLO, a letter and vice versa. The letters, from Yasser Arafat and Yitzhak Rabin respectively, contained the following: the condemnation of terrorism and violence that threatened the Israeli people and their livelihood, the guarantee, by the PLO, that everything would from now on be in compliance with the United Nations Security Council Resolutions 242 and 338 and the acknowledgement that the PLO represented the Palestinian people.This correspondence is considered to be an important element of the accord and indicated the willingness of both parties to recognize each other and further negotiate peace. The signing of the letters took place on 9 and 10 september 1993.Furthermore the Declaration of principles on interim self-governing arrangements (DOP) allowed for the reassessment of the status of territories like Gaza and Jericho, which were occupied and governed by Israel and had no self-determination.The accord demanded the withdrawal of the Israeli army from those places first, but the accord contained the promise, and was considered a starting-point, of a five-year process resulting in more self-determination, although limited, for the Palestinians and the partial withdrawal of the Israeli army from territories in Gaza and the West Bank.The people involved in the negotiations in Oslo came together to discuss Palestine’s future on fourteen different occasions in nine months time.The official signing took place the 13th of september 1993 in Washington and was witnessed by president Bill Clinton. In 1994, again an accord was signed: the Cairo-Accord (Gaza-Jericho-Accord)

The Oslo II Accord was signed in Taba, Egypt in 1995. Heavy protests followed.

A major event that surrounded the establishment of the Oslo II Accord was that Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated on 4 November, 1995, 36 days after the signing of the Oslo II accords on 28 September, 1995. Shimon Peres would be elected after Rabin.

The land got split up in three different areas. The first area is Area A, in which the Palestinian Authority is mostly in control. This area consists of 18 percent of the West Bank, which in the first place only consisted of 3%. The second area, Area B, consists of 22 percent of the West Bank and is under Israeli control depending on security, which means they can enter the areas whenever they want without procedures or legal consequences. The Palestinian Authority is in control of education, health and economy. The third and last area, Area C, is in complete control of the Israeli government. Although it was planned that the Palestinian Authority would gain control over this area, Israel kept being in charge. This area consists of 60 percent of the West Bank.

Rough frog

The rough frog or woodland water-holding frog ("Ranoidea verrucosa") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales.

This frog lives in grasslands far from the ocean.

Spider-Man: Far From Home

Spider-Man: Far from Home is a 2019 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man. The movie was produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the sequel to "" and the 23rd movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre on June 26, 2019, and was released in the United States on July 2, as the last movie of Phase Three. A sequel, titled "", was released in December 2021.

In Ixtenco, Mexico, Nick Fury, and Maria Hill investigate an unnatural storm and encounter the Earth Elemental. Quentin Beck, a super-powered individual, arrives to defeat the creature. Beck subsequently defeats the Elemental and is recruited by Fury and Hill. In New York City, the Midtown School of Science and Technology completes its year, which was restarted to accommodate the students who previously disintegrated five years earlier as a result of Thanos' actions. They had reappeared un-aged, thanks to the actions of the Avengers. The school organizes a two-week summer field trip to Europe, where Peter Parker—who is still mourning the death of his mentor Tony Stark—plans to reveal to classmate MJ his attraction to her. Happy Hogan informs Parker that Fury intends to contact him, but Parker ignores Fury's phone call.

Parker and his classmates travel to Venice, Italy, where the Water Elemental attacks. Parker helps protect his classmates, while Beck arrives and defeats the creature. Fury meets with Parker and gives him Stark's glasses, which were meant for his successor. The glasses enable him to communicate with and take command of the artificial intelligence E.D.I.T.H., which has access to Stark Industries' databases and commands a large orbital weapons supply. Beck claims to have entered from an alternate reality within the Multiverse, where the four Elementals killed his family and destroyed his civilization. With only the Fire Elemental left to destroy, Beck predicts it will attack Prague. Parker declines Fury's invitation to join the fight and returns to his class trip.

Fury secretly changes the class's itinerary to divert the students to Prague. There, Parker is forced to help Beck fight the Fire Elemental to again protect his friends. Beck manages to destroy the creature with Parker's help. Fury and Hill invite Parker and Beck to Berlin to discuss the formation of a new superhero team, but Parker decides that Beck should go alone and transfers control of E.D.I.T.H. to him. Once Parker leaves, Beck celebrates alongside ex-Stark Industries employees, with whom he had been working to masquerade as a superhero. Beck, who was fired from his position as Stark's holographic illusions specialist for his unstable nature, used advanced projectors to simulate his powers and the Elementals and now hopes to use E.D.I.T.H.'s orbital weaponized drones to increase the scale of his illusions and fraudulently establish himself as an Avenger-level hero.

After MJ tells Parker she knows he is Spider-Man, they discover that a piece of debris she retrieved during the battle with the Fire Elemental is a projector that shows the Air Elemental, leading them to realize Beck's deception. Parker travels to Berlin to warn Fury, only to be tricked by Beck with an illusory Fury into revealing the names of his friends who know about Beck's plan and are hit by a train. Left for dead by Beck, Parker contacts Hogan, who flies him to London, where his classmates are. Beck uses E.D.I.T.H. to orchestrate a fusion of all the Elementals, as a cover to kill Parker's friends. Parker can disrupt the illusions, so Beck attacks him with drones. Parker regains control of E.D.I.T.H. and defeats Beck, who is hit by a misfired gunshot from one of the drones; before he dies, Beck tells one of his associates to retrieve data from the drones. After returning to New York City, Parker begins a relationship with MJ.

In a mid-credits scene, J. Jonah Jameson of TheDailyBugle.net broadcasts doctored footage of the London incident in which Beck frames Spider-Man for the drone attack and his death, exposing Spider-Man's secret identity to the world, much to Parker's shock. In a post-credits scene, Fury and Hill are revealed to be the Skrulls Talos and Soren in disguise, under orders from the real Fury while he is away commanding a Skrull spaceship.



It was released on July 2, 2019, and on August 30, 2019, and DVD on October 1, 2019.

Ruth Klüger

Ruth Klüger (30 October 1931 – 5 October 2020) was an Austrian-born American educator and writer. She was a Professor Emerita of German Studies at the University of California, Irvine and a Holocaust survivor. She was the author of the bestseller "weiter leben: Eine Jugend" about her childhood in the Third Reich. She also wrote "Still Alive". She was born in Vienna.

Klüger died on 5 October 2020 in Irvine, California from problems caused by bladder cancer at the age of 88.

Ashwani Kumar (police officer)

Ashwani Kumar (15 November 1950 – 7 October 2020) was an IPS officer and politician. He was Governor of the Indian state of Nagaland, and for a short time Governor of Manipur during 2013.

He was the DGP of Himachal Pradesh from August 2006 to July 2008 and was the Director of CBI between 2 August 2008 and 30 November 2010.

Kumar committed suicide by hanging himself at his home in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh on 7 October 2020, aged 69.

Ashwani Kumar (politician)

Ashwani Kumar (born 26 October 1952) was an Indian politician and attorney. He was Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha representing the state of Punjab. 

He was Union Minister of Law and Justice and Union Minister of State in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion and Ministry of Commerce and Industry.



Ashwani Kumar

Ashwani Kumar may refer to:


Zef Eisenberg

Ze'ev Eisenberg (22 March 1973 – 1 October 2020), known as Zef Eisenberg, was the British racecar driver, television presenter and businessman. He was the founder of sports nutrition brand Maximuscle. He was an ultra-speed motorbike racer.

He held mant land speed records for motorbike racing. His success in land speed racing led him to become a television presenter racer for the TV series "Speed Freaks", a six episode production on ITV4. He was born in London.

Eisenberg was killed, aged 47, when his car flipped and crashed on 1 October 2020 while attempting a British land speed record at RAF Elvington, Yorkshire.

Al Jumaliyah

Al Jumaliyah () is a town in the municipality of Al-Shahaniya in Qatar.

Blooming Grove, Ohio

Blooming Grove is an unincorporated community in Ohio in the United States.

Continuum (mathematics)

In mathematics (particularly in set theory), the continuum refers to either the real numbers, or the cardinality of the set of real numbers (also written as formula_1). Continuum hypothesis is the hypothesis that the cardinality of the continuum is the same as aleph one. It turns out that neither this hypothesis nor its negation contradicts the tenets of set theory itself.


Yves Gérard

Yves-René-Jean Gérard (6 January 1932 – 6 October 2020) was a French musicologist. He was born in Châlons-sur-Marne, France. He was known especially for his scholarly works on the composers Luigi Boccherini and Camille Saint-Saëns. 

He was also known for his studies of the chamber music of late-18th century Italy, Spain, and Austria. 

In 1983 he co-edited volume 4 of Berlioz's "Correspondance générale", and in 1996 he co-edited Volume 1 of the composer's "Critique musicale".

Gérard died of cancer on 6 October 2020, aged 88.

Epaminondas Stassinopoulos

Epaminondas George Aristotle Alexander Stassinopoulos (17 January 1921 – 16 May 2022) was a German-born Greek astrophysicist. He was the head of the Radiation Physics Office and Emeritus Astrophysicist at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)'s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. He was the author of many papers and articles in the field of space radiation.

Stassinopoulos was born in Bonn, Germany. He turned 100 in January 2021. Stassinopoulos died on 16 May 2022 in Culver City, California at the age of 101.


Greenbelt, Maryland

Greenbelt is a city in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, and a suburb of Washington, D.C. The suburb was created in 1935 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt as an experiment for the New Deal.

Greendale, Wisconsin

Greendale is a village in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 14,046 at the 2010 census.

Greenhills, Ohio

Greenhills is a village in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,741 at the 2020 census.

Ivica Dačić

Ivica Dačić (, ; born 1 January 1966) is a Serbian politician. He has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs since April 2014. He is the leader of the Socialist Party of Serbia.

From 2008 to April 2014, he was Minister of Internal Affairs, while also being Prime Minister of Serbia for part of that tenure, from July 2012 until 2014. He also was Acting Prime Minister of Serbia from 31 May 2017 until 29 June 2017.

He unsuccessfully ran for President of Serbia in 2004.

Bisher Al-Khasawneh

Bisher Al Khasawneh (; born 27 January 1969) is a Jordanian lawyer and diplomat who is currently Prime Minister of Jordan and Minister of Defense, succeeding Omar Razzaz. His government was announced on October 12, 2020.

He held the position of Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from 2016 to 2017 and Minister of State for Legal Affairs 2017-2018. He served as King Abdullah II’s Advisor for Communication and Coordination Affairs from April 2019 to August 17, 2020 and as the King’s Adviser for Policies in the Royal Hashemite Court until 7 October 2020

He obtained a bachelor's degree in law from the University of Jordan, in addition to a master's degree in International Law from the London School of Economics, and a Doctorate in Law from the same college. He also holds an MA in International Relations, Diplomacy and Economics from the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London. He also holds an Executive Diploma in Public Administration from Harvard Kennedy School.

Parliament of Jordan

The Parliament of Jordan ( ') is the bicameral Jordanian national assembly. It was created by the 1952 Constitution, the legislature made-up of two houses: the Senate ( "Majlis Al-Aayan") and the House of Representatives"' ( "Majlis Al-Nuwaab").

The Senate has 65 members, all of whom are directly appointed by the King, while the House of Representatives has 130 elected members, with nine seats reserved for Christians, three are for Circassian and Chechen minorities, and fifteen for women. The members of both houses serve for four-year terms.

Senate (Jordan)

The Senate of Jordan is the upper house of the Jordanian parliament which, along with the House of Representatives forms the legislature of Jordan. 

All the Senate members of the country are chosen by the king of Jordan, but must follow the terms from Constitution of Jordan. The Speaker of the Senate has a term of two years which can be renewed. A Member of the Senate though has a term of four years which can also be renewable as well. 

The decisions they make are determined by the number of votes, not including the Speaker. But if there is a tie in the votes the Speaker may take a vote.

House of Representatives (Jordan)

The House of Representatives of Jordan is the elected lower house of the Jordanian parliament which, along with the Senate, composes the legislature of Jordan.

Wishbone Ash (album)

Wishbone Ash is the first studio album by British rock band Wishbone Ash. It was released on 4 December 1970. It reached number 29 on the UK Albums Chart in 1971.

"Blind Eye" and "Queen of Torture" were released on 7" single, MCA MK5061 (Decca 32826 in US) (February 1971)


Argus

Argus is the Latinized form of the Ancient Greek word "Argos". It may mean:

















Heiloo

Heiloo is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 23,464 people lived there.

Hollands Kroon

Hollands Kroon is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 47,815 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2012 from the former municipalities of Anna Paulowna, Niedorp, Wieringen and Wieringermeer.

Anna Paulowna

Anna Paulowna is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2012, it has been part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon.

Bussum

Bussum was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2016, it has been part of the new municipality of Gooise Meren.

Hoorn

Hoorn is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 73,004 people lived there.

Huizen

Huizen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 41,273 people lived there.

Landsmeer

Landsmeer is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 11,488 people lived there.

Niedorp

Niedorp is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2012, it has been part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon.

Wieringen

Wieringen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2012, it has been part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon.

Wieringen was an island until 1932.

Wieringermeer

Wieringermeer is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2012, it has been part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon.

Langedijk

Langedijk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2021, about 28,300 people lived there.

Since 2022, it has been part of the new municipality of Dijk en Waard.

Wilcox's frog

Wilcox's frog, Kinghorn's tree frog, or Ithica Creek treefrog ("Ranoidea wilcoxii") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales.

The adult male frog is 3.5 to 4.8 cm long and the adult female frog is 3.9 to 6.5 cm long. This frog is light brown. Some frogs have markings and some do not. This frog has a black and yellow stripe down each side of its body. The eggs are dark in color. The female frog lays eggs at the edges of streams where the water does not flow quickly or under rocks in the water. This frog can catch the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

207 series (JR East)

The or was a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type introduced in 1986 by the Japanese National Railways (JNR) and operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on through services between the Joban Line and Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line. Only one 10-car set was built, which was withdrawn in December 2009.

East Japan Railway Company

The East Japan Railway Company () or the JR East is a major passenger railway company in Japan and is the biggest of the seven Japan Railways Group companies. The company's headquarters are in Yoyogi, Shibuya, Tokyo. It is listed in the Tokyo Stock Exchange.


Tokyo Metro 7000 series

The is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro in Tokyo, Japan, since 1974. The design is based on the earlier Tokyo Metro 6000 series trains used on the Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line.

Tokyo Metro 08 series

The is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated on the Tokyo Metro Hanzōmon Line in Tokyo, Japan since 2003. Introduced into service on 1 July 2003, a total of six ten-car trainsets were manufactured by Nippon Sharyo between 2002 and 2003 to augment the Tokyo Metro 8000 series trains following the extension to Oshiage.

E233 series

The is a commuter and suburban electric multiple unit (EMU) train type developed by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) from the earlier E231 series and the E531 series design. The first train was introduced in December 2006 for use on the Chūō Line (Rapid), followed by the E233-1000 series variant in 2007 for use on the Keihin–Tōhoku and Negishi lines, the E233-3000 series outer-suburban variant in December 2007 for use on the Tōkaidō Main Line, and narrow-bodied E233-2000 series variant for Jōban Line and Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line inter-running services. Further variants were built for use on the Keiyō Line, Yokohama Line, Saikyō Line, and Nambu Line.

N700 Series Shinkansen

The N700 series (N700系, Enu nanahyaku-kei) is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train with tilting capability developed jointly by JR Central and JR West for use on the Tokaido and San'yō Shinkansen lines since 2007, and also operated by JR Kyushu on the Kyushu Shinkansen line.

R142 (New York City Subway car)

The R142 was the first successful type of new technology (NTT) A-division subway car for the New York City Subway. It was built by Bombardier Transportation in La Pocatiere, Quebec and Barre, Vermont. Final assembly was performed in Plattsburgh, New York. These cars were built from 1999 to 2003. There are 800 cars numbered 6301-7150 and another 400 cars numbered 1101-1250, for a total of 1,200 cars, all arranged as five-car sets. The R142 and R142A replaced the Redbird trains, including the R26, R28, R29, R33, R33S, and R36.

R160 (New York City Subway car)

The R160 is a class of New Technology subway cars built for the New York City Subway B Division. Entering service between 2006 and 2010, they replaced all , , and -operated cars, and most R32 and R42 cars. The R160s are very similar to the R143s and R179s.

The biggest differences between them are the FIND (Flexible Information and Notice Display) system and their propulsions sounds.

To address the 2017 State of Emergency, a Subway Action Plan was executed to refurbish 100 R160s in order to increase capacity and improve the overall experience. These are known as the "Cuomo wraps", however multiple R160s receiving similar additions such as the looped stanchions, LED lighting, and display LCD screens.

The Odd Couple II

The Odd Couple II is a 1998 American comedy movie and the sequel to the 1968 movie "The Odd Couple", directed by Howard Deutch and based on Neil Simon's play of the same name. It stars Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Richard Riehle, Jonathan Silverman, Jay O. Saunders, Jean Smart, Rex Linn, Alice Ghostley, Barnard Hughes and Rebecca Schull.


Buddy Buddy

Buddy Buddy is a 1981 American comedy movie based on Francis Veber's play and the final film directed by Billy Wilder. It stars Walter Matthau, Jack Lemmon and Paula Prentiss with Neile Adams.


William Standish Knowles

William Standish Knowles (June 1, 1917 – June 13, 2012) was an American chemist. He was born in Taunton, Massachusetts. Knowles was one of the recipients of the 2001 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He split half the prize with Ryōji Noyori for their work in asymmetric synthesis, specifically for his work in hydrogenation reactions. 

The other half was awarded to K. Barry Sharpless for his work in oxidation reactions.

Knowles died on June 13, 2012 in Chesterfield, Missouri at the age of 95.

Karl Barry Sharpless

Karl Barry Sharpless (born April 28, 1941) is an American chemist and Nobel Laureate in 2001 and 2022. He is known for his work on stereoselective reactions and click chemistry.

Dan Shechtman

Dan Shechtman (; born January 24, 1941) is an Israeli chemist. He is the Philip Tobias Professor of Materials Science at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology.

On April 8, 1982, while on sabbatical at the U.S. National Bureau of Standards in Washington, D.C., Shechtman discovered the icosahedral phase, which opened the new field of quasiperiodic crystals. 

Shechtman was awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for the discovery of quasicrystals, making him one of six Israelis who have won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

John B. Fenn

John Bennett Fenn (June 15, 1917December 10, 2010) was an American analytical chemist. He was awarded a share of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2002. Fenn shared half of the award with Koichi Tanaka for their work in mass spectrometry.

Kurt Wüthrich

Kurt Wüthrich (born 4 October 1938) is a Swiss chemist/biophysicist and Nobel Chemistry winner. He is known for developing nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) methods for studying biological macromolecules.

Peter Agre

Peter Agre (born January 30, 1949) is an American physician and molecular biologist. He was a professor at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.

In 2003, Agre and Roderick MacKinnon shared the 2003 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for "discoveries concerning ion channels in cell membranes." A

In 2009, Agre was elected president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) and became active in science diplomacy.

Aaron Ciechanover

Aaron Ciechanover ( ; ; born October 1, 1947) is an Israeli biologist. He won the Nobel prize in Chemistry for characterizing the method that cells use to degrade and recycle proteins using ubiquitin.

Avram Hershko

Avram Hershko (; born 31 December 1937) is a Hungarian-born Israeli biochemist and Nobel laureate in Chemistry.

Along with Aaron Ciechanover and Irwin Rose, he was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for the discovery of ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation.

Michael Levitt

Michael Levitt, (; born 9 May 1947) is a South African biophysicist. He is a professor of structural biology at Stanford University, a position he has held since 1987. Levitt received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. 

Arieh Warshel

Arieh Warshel (; born November 20, 1940) is an Israeli-American biochemist and biophysicist. He is the Dana and David Dornsife Chair in Chemistry at the University of Southern California. He received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, together with Michael Levitt and Martin Karplus for "the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems".

Warshel is a member of the following scientific organizations:


Eric Betzig

Robert Eric Betzig (born January 13, 1960) is an American physicist. He works as a Professor of Physics and Professor of Molecular and Cell biology at the University of California, Berkeley. He is also a Senior Fellow at the Janelia Farm Research Campus in Ashburn, Virginia.

Betzig has worked to develop the field of fluorescence microscopy and photoactivated localization microscopy.

He was awarded the 2014 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for "the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy" along with Stefan Hell and fellow Cornell alumnus William E. Moerner.

William E. Moerner

William Esco Moerner (born June 24, 1953) is an American physical chemist and chemical physicist. 

He is known for his first optical detection and spectroscopy of a single molecule in condensed phases. Optical study of single molecules has subsequently become a widely used single-molecule experiment in chemistry, physics and biology. 

In 2014, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Jean-Pierre Sauvage

Jean-Pierre Sauvage (; born 21 October 1944) is a French coordination chemist. He worked at Strasbourg University. He has specialized in supramolecular chemistry for which he has been awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Sir J. Fraser Stoddart and Bernard L. Feringa.

Vincent &amp; Theo

Vincent & Theo is a 1990 Dutch British French German Italian American Argentine biographical drama movie directed by Robert Altman and starring Tim Roth, Paul Rhys, Kitty Courbois, Johanna ter Steege, Wladimir Yordanoff, Hans Kesting, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Anne Canovas, Jean-Pierre Castaldi, Peter Tuinman.

Fraser Stoddart

Sir James Fraser Stoddart (born 24 May 1942) is a British chemist. He is Board of Trustees Professor of Chemistry and head of the Stoddart Mechanostereochemistry Group in the Department of Chemistry at Northwestern University in the United States. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Ben Feringa and Jean-Pierre Sauvage in 2016 for the design and synthesis of molecular machines. He was born in Edinburgh.

Simon Gutman

Simon Gutman (20 July 1923 – 5 October 2020) was a Polish-born French Holocaust survivor. He was born in Warsaw. 

Gutman was deported in the 1st Convoy to Auschwitz on 27 March 1942. His mother, Cyma, and, probably, his sister, Bella, were deported to Sobibor extermination camp in March 1943, where they died. 

Gutman stayed at Birkenau until 26 October 1944, when he was transferred to multiple camps, including Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp, Hailfingen, Dautmergen, and Altshausen. He escaped during a death march. On 5 April 1945, they met up with the French 2nd Armored Division in Baden-Württemberg and were liberated.

He died on 5 October 2020 at the age of 97.

Liberation of Paris

The Liberation of Paris () was a military battle that took place during World War II from 19 August 1944 until the Germans surrendered the French capital on 25 August 1944. 

Paris had been ruled by Nazi Germany since the signing of the Second Compiègne Armistice on 22 June 1940, after which the "Wehrmacht" occupied northern and western France.

Fail-Safe (1964 movie)

Fail-Safe is a 1964 American Cold War thriller movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler. It stars Henry Fonda, Walter Matthau, Dan O'Herlihy, Frank Overton, Fritz Weaver, Edward Binns, Larry Hagman, Dom DeLuise and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Béatrice Arnac

Béatrice Arnac (23 April 1931 – 5 October 2020) was an American-born French actress, singer, and composer. She was born in Waterbury, Connecticut. 

Arnac was known for her roles in "Mata Hari's Daughter" (1955), "Frou-Frou" (1955), "Lola Montès" (1955), "La Traversée de Paris" (1956), "Les Truands" (1956), "OSS 117 Is Not Dead" (1957), "Last Known Address" (1970) and "Good Little Girls" (1971).

Arnac died in Castels et Bézenac, France on 5 October 2020 at the age of 89.




John Baring, 7th Baron Ashburton

John Francis Harcourt Baring, 7th Baron Ashburton, (2 November 1928 – 6 October 2020), was a British merchant banker. He was chairman of British Petroleum (BP). Lord Ashburton also sat on the boards of Jaguar Cars, Dunlop Rubber and Royal Insurance.

Lord Ashburton died at his home on 6 October 2020 at the age of 91.

Lloyd D. George

Lloyd Dee George (February 22, 1930 – October 7, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was born in Montpelier, Idaho. He was nominated to the United States District Court for the District of Nevada in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan. From 1992 to 1997, he was Chief Justice. 

George died on October 7, 2020 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 90.

Alexander Alexeev (conductor)

Alexander Alexeev () (10 March 1938 – 7 October 2020) was a Russian conductor. He was a Honored Artist of the RSFSR. He was Music Director of the Kharkov Philharmonic Orchestra. Alexeev recorded with different orchestras in Russia for the label Melodya, including the Moscow Radio Symphony Orchestra.

Alexeev died in Saint Petersburg on October 7, 2020 at the age of 82.

Ray Pennington

Ramon Daniel Pennington (December 22, 1933 – October 7, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter, musician and record producer. He was known for writing the Waylon Jennings and Montgomery Gentry song "I'm a Ramblin' Man", and for founding the independent Step One Records label. He was born in Clay County, Kentucky.

Pennington died in a house fire in Hendersonville, Tennessee on October 7, 2020 at the age of 86.

Hendersonville, Tennessee

Hendersonville is the largest city in Sumner County, Tennessee, on Old Hickory Lake. The population was 61,753 at the 2020 census.

Sumner County, Tennessee

Sumner County is a county located on the central northern border of the U.S. state of Tennessee, in what is called Middle Tennessee.

As of the 2020 census, the population was 196,281. Its county seat is Gallatin. Its largest city is Hendersonville. The county is named for American Revolutionary War hero General Jethro Sumner.

A New Leaf

A New Leaf is a 1971 American black comedy movie directed by Elaine May (who also stars) and was based on the short story "The Green Heart" by Jack Ritchie. It also stars Walter Matthau, Jack Weston, George Rose, James Coco, Doris Roberts, William Redfield and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Emancipation

Emancipation is any time when someone tries to have more economic and social rights, political rights or equality. This is usually for a group of people that feels disfranchised.

R46 (New York City Subway car)

The R46 is a New York City Subway car model that was built by the Pullman Standard Company from 1975 to 1978 for the IND/BMT B Division. They replaced all remaining Arnine cars and GE-powered R16s, and some R10s. The R46 order initially consisted of 754 single cars, each 75 feet (23 m) long, and was the largest single order of passenger cars in United States railroad history at the point of the fleet's completion. The R46 was the second order of 75-foot cars to be ordered for the New York City Subway, after the R44s.

Pete 'n' Tillie

Pete 'n' Tillie is a 1972 American comedy movie directed by Martin Ritt and was based on the 1968 novella "Witch's Milk" by Peter De Vries. It stars Walter Matthau, Geraldine Page, Carol Burnett, Barry Nelson, Lee H. Montgomery and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1973. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Federation Council (Russia)

The Federation Council (; "Sovet Federatsii", common abbreviation: Совфед ("Sovfed") or ) is the upper house of the Federal Assembly of Russia (the parliament of the Russian Federation), according to the 1993 Constitution of the Russian Federation. 

Federal Assembly (Russia)

The Federal Assembly () is the national legislature of the Russian Federation, according to the Constitution of the Russian Federation (1993). It was preceded by the Supreme Soviet.

It is made up of the State Duma, which is the lower house, and the Federation Council, which is the upper house. Both houses are located in Moscow.

Politburo of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union

The Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (or Politburo, ; abbreviated: ) was the highest policy-making authority within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. 

It was founded in October 1917, and refounded in March 1919, at the 8th Congress of the Bolshevik Party. It was known as the Presidium from 1952 to 1966. The Politburo ended in 1991 when the Soviet Union broke-up.

Jan Szarek

Jan Szarek (13 February 1936 – 8 October 2020) was a Polish Lutheran minister. He was Bishop of Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Poland from 1991 to 2001 and Chairman of Polish Ecumenical Council from 1993 to 2001. Szarek was born in Bielsko, Poland.

Szarek died on 8 October 2020 in Cieszyn, Poland from COVID-19 at the age of 84.

Francesc Betriu

Francesc "Paco" Betriu Cabeceran (18 January 1940 – 7 October 2020) was a Spanish movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Organyà, Spain. Betriu was known for directing and writing the screenplay for "The Time of the Doves", "Sinatra" and "Monica del Raval".

Betriu died on 7 October 2020 at the age of 80.

Choi Yun-chil

Choi Yun-chil (July 19, 1928 – October 8, 2020) was a South Korean long-distance runner. He was a two-time Olympian and a two-time national champion in the marathon. He competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Tanchon, present-day North Korea.

Choi died on October 8, 2020 in Seoul at the age of 92.

Anne Carson

Anne Carson (born June 21, 1950) is a Canadian poet, essayist, translator, classicist, and professor. She was born in Toronto.

Carson has taught classics, comparative literature, and creative writing at universities across the United States and Canada since 1979, including McGill, Michigan, NYU, and Princeton.

Carson published more than twenty books of writings and translations. She was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in 2005 for her works to Canadian letters.



Annie Ernaux

Annie Ernaux (born Annie Duschesne; 1 September 1940) is a French writer. She was born in Normandy, France. She writes many autobiographical works and awarded Nobel Prize in Literature in 2022.

Her books "A Woman's Story," "A Man's Place," and "Simple Passion" were seen by "The New York Times" Notable Books, and "A Woman's Story" was a Finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. 

"Shame" was named a Publishers Weekly Best Book of 1998, "I Remain in Darkness" a Top Memoir of 1999 by "The Washington Post", and "The Possession" was listed as a Top Ten Book of 2008 by More Magazine.

BelaPAN

The Belarusian Private News Agency () or shortly BelaPAN () is a non-governmental news agency in Belarus. It is a big news agency in the country. BelaPAN makes news on politics, economy, and sports from Belarus in the Russian, Belarusian, and English languages. 

BelaPAN has the on-line newspaper Belorusskiye Novosti (naviny.by). Its site can't be opened in Belarus. It has been writing about the 2020 Belarusian protests and 2020 Belarusian presidential election.

On January 14, 2021, the office of BelaPAN was searched. Computers and part of the written by hand and printed papers were taken away. All that stopped the work of the news agency.

On August 18, 2021, the police searched the office of BelaPAN, houses of its journalists. The police took away computers, smartphones, and other things from there. A number of people who worked for BelaPAN were arrested, including editor-in-chief Iryna Levshyna. The websites of BelaPAN (belapan.by and belapan.com) has stopped working since August 18, 2021. Iryna Levshyna, past head Zmicier Navazhilau and accountant Katsyaryna Boeva became persons in a criminal case on organizing actions that attack public order. On August 19, 2021, ten organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a joint statement. It said that they are political prisoners.

In November 2021, the KGB declared BelaPAN an extremist formation. Creation of such a formation or participation in it is a criminal offence in Belarus, and indeed, Levshyna and Navazhilau were charged with creation of an extremist formation. BelaPAN websites, already blocked in Belarus, have stopped updating.

BelaPAN has received numerous awards, including:


29th Street (movie)

29th Street is a 1991 American Japanese comedy drama movie directed by George Gallo and was based on the story by Frank Pesce (who also stars) and James Franciscus. It stars Danny Aiello, Anthony LaPaglia, Lainie Kazan, Robert Forster, Rick Aiello, Ron Karabatsos and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Darleane C. Hoffman

Darleane Christian Hoffman (born November 8, 1926) is an American nuclear chemist. She was among the researchers who found the existence of Seaborgium, element 106. 

She is a faculty senior scientist in the Nuclear Science Division of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a professor in the graduate school at UC Berkeley. 

In 2002, she was named as one of the 50 most important women in science by "Discover Magazine".

She is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

Shlomo Gazit

Shlomo Gazit (; 1926 – 8 October 2020) was a Turkish-born Israeli military officer and academic. He was a Major General in the Israel Defense Forces. He was in charge of Israel's Military Intelligence Directorate. He later was President of Ben-Gurion University and head of the Jewish Agency. He was born in Istanbul.

Gazit died on 8 October 2020 at the age of 93.

Laren

Laren is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 11,195 people lived there.

Oostzaan

Oostzaan is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 9,757 people lived there.

Bennebroek

Bennebroek is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2009, it has been part of the municipality of Bloemendaal.

In 2007, 5,162 people lived there. It was the smallest municipality in the Netherlands, covering an area of only 1.75 km².

Opmeer

Opmeer is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 11,779 people lived there.


Obion County, Tennessee

Obion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 30,787 people lived there. The county seat is Union City.

Overton County, Tennessee

Overton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. In the 2020 census, 22,511 people lived there. The county seat is Livingston.

Jim Dwyer (journalist)

Jim Dwyer (March 4, 1957 – October 8, 2020) was an American journalist. He was a reporter and columnist with "The New York Times", and the author or co-author of six non-fiction books. In 1992 and 1995, he won the Pulitzer Prize. 

Dwyer wrote columns for "New York Newsday" and the "New York Daily News" before joining the "Times". He appeared in the 2012 documentary movie" Central Park Five". He was born in New York City.

Dwyer died of lung cancer in New York City on October 8, 2020 at the age of 63.

Jim Dwyer

James Dwyer may refer to:


Fat-tailed dwarf lemur

The fat-tailed dwarf lemur ("Cheirogaleus medius"), is a type of lemur. It is also called the lesser dwarf lemur, western fat-tailed dwarf lemur, or spiny forest dwarf lemur. It is only lives in Madagascar. It is nocturnal. It eats insects, other small animals, fruits and flowers. An adult weighs 160 grams.

Mohammad-Reza Shajarian

Mohammad-Reza Shajarian (; , 23 September 1940 – 8 October 2020) was an Iranian classical singer-songwriter, composer and calligrapher. He was a "Master" (master) of Persian traditional music. His best known single was "Night, Silence, Desert" (2000).

In 2017, "Los Angeles Times" called him as the "greatest living maestro of Persian classical music." He was born in Mashhad, Iran.

He supported the 2009 protests in Iran and was a critic of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.

In 2001, Shajarian was diagnosed with kidney cancer. In January 2020, he was hospitalized in Tehran and had surgery.

Shajarian died on 8 October 2020 in Tehran at the age of 80.


Ali Khalif Galaydh

Ali Khalif Galaydh (, ) (October 14, 1941 – October 8, 2020) was a Somali politician. He was the Prime Minister of Somalia from October 8, 2000 to October 28, 2001. He was a member of the Federal Parliament of Somalia from 2012 until his death. He was also President of the Khatumo State between 2014 until his death. Galaydh was born in Las Anod, Somalia.

Galaydh died on October 8, 2020 at a hospital in Jigjiga, Ethiopia from COVID-19 at the age of 78.

Jim Dwyer (baseball)

James Edward Dwyer (born January 3, 1950) is an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He enjoyed an eighteen-year major league career for seven different teams between and .

He played for the St. Louis Cardinals, Montreal Expos, New York Mets, San Francisco Giants, Boston Red Sox, Baltimore Orioles and the Minnesota Twins. In 1983, he won the World Series.


Livingston, Tennessee

Livingston is a town in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Overton County.

Ouder-Amstel

Ouder-Amstel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 13,916 people lived there.

North Haven, Connecticut

North Haven is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut on the outskirts of New Haven, Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 24,253.

South Haven, Michigan

South Haven is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. Most of the city is in Van Buren County, although a small part of it goes into Allegan County. The population was 3,964 at the 2020 census.

Paw Paw, Michigan

Paw Paw is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3,362 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Van Buren County.

South Haven, Minnesota

South Haven is a city in Wright County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 185 at the 2020 census.

Idiotville, Oregon

Idiotville is a ghost town in Tillamook County, Oregon, United States. It is near the mouth of Idiot Creek on the Wilson River.

Reddish-gray mouse lemur

The reddish-gray mouse lemur ("Microcebus griseorufus") is a type of lemur. It is called the gray-brown mouse lemur or rufous-gray mouse lemur. It is found in Western Madagascar in the region around Beza Mahafaly Reserve, north to Lamboharana.

Purmerend

Purmerend is a municipality in the province of North Holland, the Netherlands. As of 2022, about 92,000 people are living there.

The municipality of Beemster was added to Purmerend on 1 January 2022.

Muiden

Muiden is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2016, it has been part of the new municipality of Gooise Meren.

It is known for its castle-museum Muiderslot and consists of two villages: Muiden and Muiderberg.

Muiderberg

Muiderberg is a village in the municipality of Gooise Meren (formerly 
Muiden), Province of North Holland, the Netherlands.

In 2012, 3,070 people lived there.

Phillip Parker King

Phillip Parker King (13 December 1791 – 26 February 1856) was an explorer, Royal Navy officer and politician from the colony of New South Wales. He is known as an early explorer of the Australian coastline. He also took part in the survey of Patagonian coasts. He served as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. In 1855, he was named as a rear admiral on the retired list. He was also a member of the Royal Society.

King was born on Norfolk Island. He was the son of Anna Josepha ("née" Coombe) and Philip Gidley King. He was named after his father's mentor, Arthur Phillip, the first governor of New South Wales and founder of the British penal colony which later became the city of Sydney. This explains the difference in spelling of his and his father's first names.

King married Harriet Lethbridge in 1817. The couple had eight children. Two of his sons, Philip Gidley (named after his grandfather) and John, were both pastoralists and politicians. King died in North Sydney on 26 February 1856 at the age of 64.

There are many instances of things named after King. King Sound of the Kimberley in Western Australia is named after him. There are also six reptile species named after King: "Amphisbaena kingii", "Chlamydosaurus kingii", "Egernia kingii", "Elgaria kingii", "Hydrophis kingii" and "Liolaemus kingii".

1991 DFB-Supercup

The 1991 DFB-Supercup was the fifth season of the DFB-Supercup. This was the only season where 4 teams participated, because of German reunification in 1990. The 4 teams were the 1990-91 Bundesliga winners 1. FC Kaiserslautern, 1990-91 DFB-Pokal winner Werder Bremen, 1990-91 NOFV-Oberliga and 1990-91 NOFV-Pokal winners Hansa Rostock and 1990-91 NOFV-Pokal runner-up Stahl Eisenhüttenstadt.

Kaiserslautern would win the DFB-Supercup, after beating Werder Bremen 3–1 in Hanover.

The winners of the league and cup competitions of West and East Germany qualified for the tournament.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Philip King (Australian politician)

Philip Gidley King (31 October 1817 – 5 August 1904) was an Australian pastoralist and politician from the colony of New South Wales. He served as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1880 until his death in 1904. He was also the first mayor of Tamworth from 1876 to 1880.

King was born in Parramatta, New South Wales. His parents were Harriet ("née" Lethbridge) and Phillip Parker King. His father was an explorer, Royal Navy officer and politician. He was named after his grandfather, also Philip Gidley King, the third governor of New South Wales.

King married Elizabeth Macarthur in 1843. The couple had four children. He died of heart disease in Double Bay, Sydney, on 5 August 1904. He was 86.

Eisenhüttenstädter FC Stahl

Eisenhüttenstädter FC Stahl was a German association football team, based in Eisenhüttenstadt, Brandenburg.

"Stahl" was as a second division side in East Germany's DDR-Liga. After German reunification in 1990, the side changed to its current name. They appeared in the last FDGB-Pokal final in 1991, losing to Hansa Rostock. This qualified for them for the following year's Cup Winner's Cup. They were eliminated in the first round by Galatasaray.

After German reunification, they joined the NOFV-Oberliga Nord, which was the 3rd tier in Germany. The club joined the Regionalliga Nordost in 1994 and would play in that league until the league disbanded. In 2015, "Stahl" was part of a merger, which created "FC Eisenhüttenstadt" and folded one year later.

The club's honours:


Philip Fysh

Sir Philip Oakley Fysh (1 March 1835 – 20 December 1919) was an Australian politician and merchant. He arrived in the colony of Tasmania in 1859. He later became a key merchant in Hobart. He served two terms as premier of Tasmania (1877–1878, 1887–1892). He became a leader of the colony's federation movement. He later won election to the new federal House of Representatives (1901–1910). He was also chosen to represent Tasmania in the first federal ministry under Edmund Barton. He was minister without portfolio (1901–1903) and Postmaster-General (1903–1904).

Fysh was born in Highbury, London. His wife died in 1912. The couple had at least nine children. Fysh died on 20 December 1919 in Sandy Bay, Hobart, at the age of 84. The Canberra suburb of Fyshwick is named in honour of him.


Loris Karius

Loris Sven Karius (born 22 June 1993) is a German football player. He plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Newcastle United.

Liverpool

Newcastle United


Alice Ross-King

Alys Ross King (5 August 1887 – 17 August 1968), known as Alice Ross-King (later Alice Appleford), was an Australian nurse who served during both World Wars. During World War I, she served in hospitals in Egypt and France. She was one of only seven Australian nurses awarded with the Military Medal for gallantry (military courage). She also held a senior post within the Australian Army Medical Women's Service during World War II. In 1949, she was awarded the Florence Nightingale Medal, the highest award made by the International Committee of the Red Cross.

Ross-King was born in Ballarat, Victoria. At a young age, she moved with her family to Perth, Western Australia. Her father, Archibald Ross King, and two brothers died after drowning in Swan River. After the accident, her mother, Henrietta King, moved to Melbourne with Alys. After joining the Australian Army Nursing Service, she started using the spelling "Alice" and added a hyphen to her surname.

Ross-King was engaged to Harry Moffitt during World War I. He died during the Battle of Fromelles in 1916. After the war, she married Sydney Theordore Appleford. The couple had four children. Her husband died in 1958. Ross-King died in Cronulla, Sydney, on 17 August 1968. She was 81.


Rove McManus

John Henry Michael "Rove" McManus (born 21 January 1974) is an Australian comedian, television and radio presenter. He is best known as the host of variety show "Rove" from 1999 to 2009. He was awarded the Gold Logie Award for Most Popular Personality on Australian Television in 2003, 2004 and 2005. Other projects include hosting "Rove LA" and "Whovians". He has also appeared in "Good Morning Australia", "John Safran vs God", "Pulp Sport", "The Living Room", "The Project", "Studio 10", "Celebrity Name Game", "Have You Been Paying Attention New Zealand?" and "Hughesy, We Have a Problem".

McManus was born in Perth, Western Australia. He married actress Belinda Emmett in 2005. She died of breast cancer in 2006. He later married actress Tasma Walton. The couple have one child. His first cousin is Australian rules footballer Shaun McManus.

Steven Miles (politician)

Steven John Miles (born 15 November 1977) is an Australian politician. He became the Premier of Queensland in December 2023 after Annastacia Palaszczuk resigned. Before that he was the Deputy Premier of Queensland from May 2020. He has been the member for Murrumba in the Queensland Legislative Assembly since 2017, and formerly represented Mount Coot-tha from 2015 to 2017. He has also served as Queensland's Minister for Health and Ambulance Services since 2017. Miles is a member of the Labor Party.

Miles spent three years in the Environment portfolio, While there, he introduced a ban on single use plastic bags and a cash for container refund scheme. He also created new environmental laws that made sure mining companies cleaned up their mines and he improved Queensland’s climate change initiatives. As the first Minister for the Great Barrier Reef, Miles secured record funding for projects that clean up the reef.

Before entering Parliament in 2015, Miles worked as a senior advisor to government, as a senior campaigner for Together and United Voice, and co-founded national parent advocacy organisation, The Parenthood before starting his own communications business.

Miles was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He is wife is named Kim. They have three children. As of 2018, he lives in the Moreton Bay Region suburb of Mango Hill.

Gray mouse lemur

The gray mouse lemur ("Microcebus murinus"), is a type of lemur. It is only found on the island of Madagascar. It is also called the grey mouse lemur or lesser mouse lemur. It weighs 58 to 67 grams (2.0 to 2.4 oz). It is the largest mouse lemur.

Phillip Island

Phillip Island ("Boonwurrung: Corriong" or "Millowl") is an island about south-southeast of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The island is named after Arthur Phillip, the first governor of New South Wales, by explorer and seaman George Bass. As of the 2016 census, 10,387 people live on the island.

Phillip Island is long and wide, with an area of about . It has of coastline and is part of the Bass Coast Shire.

A concrete bridge (formerly a wooden bridge) connects the mainland town San Remo with the island town Newhaven.


Liberty (advocacy group)

Liberty (known as the National Council for Civil Liberties or NCCL until 1989) is a advocacy group promoting human rights and protecting civil liberties through the law, legislature and wider society. It is based in the United Kingdom.

The NCCL was founded in 1934 by Ronald Kidd and Sylvia Crowther-Smith (later Scaffardi).

Liberty announced Martha Spurrier as its new director on 31 March 2016.

Schagen

Schagen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 46,553 people lived there.

The city is between Alkmaar and Den Helder. It received city rights in 1415.

Since 2013, Harenkarspel and Zijpe have been part of the municipality of Schagen.

Naarden

Naarden was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2016, it has been part of the new Gooise Meren municipality.

Broad Brook, Connecticut

Broad Brook is a census-designated place (CDP) in Connecticut in the United States.

Burlington, Connecticut

Burlington is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Canton Valley, Connecticut

Canton Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Connecticut in the United States.

Bayou Vista, Texas

Bayou Vista is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Zijpe

Zijpe was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2013, it has been part of Schagen municipality.

The Front Page (1974 movie)

The Front Page is a 1974 American black comedy movie directed by Billy Wilder and was the third adaptation of Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur's 1928 play of the same name. It stars Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Susan Sarandon, Vincent Gardenia, David Wayne, Carol Burnett, Allen Garfield, Charles Durning, Allen Jenkins and Martin Gabel.


Harenkarspel

Harenkarspel was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2013, it has been part of Schagen municipality.

Davis, Illinois

Davis is a village in Illinois in the United States. Most people in Davis own their houses, rather than rent housing.

Stede Broec

Stede Broec is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 21,706 people lived there.

Uitgeest

Uitgeest is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 13,528 people lived there.

Uithoorn

Uithoorn is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 29,424 people lived there.

Velsen

Velsen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 68,348 people lived there.

Up the Down Staircase (movie)

Up the Down Staircase is a 1967 American drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and was based on the 1964 novel of the same name by Bel Kaufman. It stars Sandy Dennis, Patrick Bedford, Eileen Heckart, Ruth White, Jean Stapleton, Sorrell Brooke, Florence Stanley, Vinnette Carroll and was distributed by Warner Bros..


IPhone 12

The iPhone 12 is a smartphone made by Apple Inc. released on October 13, 2020. Succeeding the iPhone 11, it has an identical 6.1-inch screen size to its predecessor but also comes in a smaller variant called the iPhone 12 mini, which has a 5.4-inch screen. Both models have dual rear camera lenses and come in storage options of 64 GB, 128 GB, and 256 GB. It is equipped with the Apple A14 Bionic System-on-Chip (SoC). The iPhone 12 mini starts at US $649, and iPhone 12 starts at US $799. The iPhone 12 and 12 mini both include OLED displays. They include USB-C–to–Lightning cables but no power adapter for the first time. Apple included MagSafe in the iPhone 12 family, a magnetic back of the device which allows for magnetic wireless charging and mounting accessories such as a wallet to the back of the phone. The iPhone 12 family is the first series of iPhones to have 5G connectivity. The iPhone 12 and 12 mini are available in white, black, green, blue, and (PRODUCT)RED finishes. The iPhone 12 marks a return to flat edges for the iPhone, first introduced in 2010 with the iPhone 4 until the iPhone 5S (2013), with an exception for the first-generation iPhone SE (2016).

An American Tail

An American Tail is a 1986 American animated musical comedy-drama movie directed by Don Bluth. It was the first animated movie that was presented by Steven Spielberg.

Rock-a-Doodle

Rock-a-Doodle is a 1991 Irish/British/American live-action/animated musical comedy adventure movie. It was produced by Sullivan Bluth Studios and Goldcrest Films. It is loosely based on Edmond Rostand's comedy "Chantecler". "Rock-a-Doodle" was directed by Don Bluth and written by David N. Weiss. The movie has the voices of Glen Campbell, Christopher Plummer, Phil Harris (in his last movie role before his retirement and death), Charles Nelson Reilly, Sorrell Booke, Sandy Duncan, Eddie Deezen, Ellen Greene, and Toby Scott Ganger in his movie debut. The movie was released in the United Kingdom on 2 August 1991 and in the United States and Canada on 3 April 1992.


Gabo Ferro

Fernando Gabriel "Gabo" Ferro (6 November 1965 – 8 October 2020) was an Argentine singer-songwriter, poet and historian. Ferro was born in Buenos Aires. 

His career began in 1994. His solo career began in 2004. He played the guitar and most of his songs were rock. Many of his songs were made by Azione artigianale record label. His best known albums were "Canciones que un hombre no debería cantar" (2005) and "Mañana no debe seguir siendo esto" (2007).

Ferro died on 8 October 2020 in Buenos Aires from cancer at the age of 54.

Günter de Bruyn

Günter de Bruyn (; 1 November 1926 – 4 October 2020) was a German author. He was born in Berlin. 

He trained as a librarian and worked at the "Zentralinstitut für Bibliothekswesen" (Central Institute for Library Knowledge) in East Berlin from 1953 to 1961. From 1965 to 1978, he was a member of the "Zentralvorstandes des Schriftstellerverbandes der DDR" (Central Executive Committee of the Literary Association of East Germany).

He was a member of the presidency of the PEN Centre of East Germany from 1974 to 1982.

In October 1989, Günter de Bruyn declined to accept the National Prize of East Germany.

Bryn died in Berlin on 4 October 2020 at the age of 93.

Dirk Bootsma

Dirk Bootsma (23 May 1936 – 5 October 2020) was a Dutch geneticist. He was a professor at the Erasmus University Rotterdam between 1969 and 2002. He and his research group discovered the cause of chronic myelogenous leukemia and pushed for the understanding of the nucleotide excision repair.

Bootsma was elected a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization in 1976. He was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1983. Bootsma was elected a member of the Academia Europaea in 1991.

Monica Roberts

Monica Roberts (May 4, 1962 – October 5, 2020) was an African-American blogger, writer, and transgender rights activist. She was the founding editor of "TransGriot", a blog focusing on issues about to trans women, many of which minorities. She was born in Houston, Texas.

Roberts died on October 5, 2020 in Houston from a pulmonary embolism at the age of 58.

Motorola Razr (2020)

The Motorola Razr (stylized Motorola razr) is an Android foldable smartphone made by Motorola Mobility. Announced on November 14, 2019, it was released on February 6, 2020.

Samsung Galaxy S20 FE

The Samsung Galaxy S20 FE is an Android phablet made by Samsung Electronics. It is a lower-cost variant of the Samsung Galaxy S20, and succeeds the Samsung Galaxy S10e.

The S20 Fan Edition has two systems-on-chip, the Exynos 990 and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 865. The Exynos 990 is used for the 4G version, and the Snapdragon 865 is used for the 5G version.

The S20 Fan Edition features a 6.5-inch "Super AMOLED" with HDR10+ support and "dynamic tone mapping" technology. Compared to the other S20 models, the display is not curved, and the resolution is lowered to 1080p instead of 1440p. It has a 20:9 aspect ratio, as well as a 120 Hz refresh rate. It utilizes an in-screen fingerprint sensor, although it is optical rather than ultrasonic.

The S20 Fan Edition has 6 or 8 GB of RAM, paired with 128 or 256 GB of internal storage, which is expandable up to 1 TB via the microSD card slot.

The S20 Fan Edition contains a non-removable 4500 mAh, Li-Po battery, and Qi inductive charging is supported at up to 15 W as well as the ability to charge other Qi-compatible devices from the S20 FE's own battery power, which is branded as "“Samsung PowerShare”". Wired charging is supported over USB-C at up to 25 W.

The S20 Fan Edition comes with 5G standard connectivity, though some regions may have special LTE variants. The device does not include a 3.5 mm audio jack.

The Galaxy S20 Fan Edition has a triple camera setup similar to the S20's, with an identical 12-megapixel wide sensor. The ultrawide sensor is 12-megapixels, and the telephoto sensor is 8-megapixels, with 3X optical zoom and 30X digital zoom (branded as "Space Zoom"). Unlike other S20 models, the S20 FE does not support 8K video.

The front camera is 32-megapixels, and is able to record video footage at 4K resolution.

The camera also offers Single Take, which allows users to capture photos or videos at the same time with different sensors automatically.

The S20 Fan Edition runs on Android 10 and Samsung's custom skin One UI 2.5.

Tommy Rall

Thomas Edward "Tommy" Rall (December 27, 1929 – October 6, 2020) was an American actor and dancer. Rall was born in Kansas City, Missouri. His career lasted from 1942 to 1988. 

Rall was known for his roles in "Kiss Me, Kate" as "Bill" (1953), "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers" as "Frank" (1954), "Invitation to the Dance" (1956),
"Merry Andrew" as "Giacomo Gallini" (1958), and "My Sister Eileen" as "Chick" (1955).

Rall died on October 6, 2020 from congestive heart failure caused by heart surgery in Santa Monica, California at the age of 90.

Fred Wenz

Frederick Charles "Fireball" Wenz (August 26, 1941 – October 6, 2020) was an American middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played from 1968 through 1970 for the Boston Red Sox (1968–69) and Philadelphia Phillies (1970). He was born in Bound Brook, New Jersey.

Wenz died on October 6, 2020 in Branchburg, New Jersey at the age of 79.


Branchburg, New Jersey

Branchburg is a township in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 14,940.

Kim Batiste

Kimothy Emil Batiste (March 15, 1968 – October 7, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball infielder for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1991 to 1994 and San Francisco Giants in 1996, both of the National League. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Batiste died on October 7, 2020 in New Orleans from problems caused by kidney surgery at the age of 52.

Nabil Bechaouch

Nabil Bechaouch (1970 – 7 October 2020) was a Tunisian footballer. He was born in Aryanah, Tunisia. Bechaouch played for the national team from 1993 to 1995. He played from Olympique Béja, CS Sfaxien and Stade Tunisien. 

Bechaouch died on 7 October 2020 of a heart attack in Béja, Tunisia.

Weekend at Dunkirk

Weekend at Dunkirk () is a 1964 French Italian World War II drama movie directed by Henri Verneuil and was based on the 1949 novel "Week-end at Zuydcoote" () by Robert Merle. It stars Jean-Paul Belmondo, Catherine Spaak, Jean-Pierre Marielle, Pierre Vernier, Paul Préboist and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Manuel Guerra (swimmer)

Manuel Guerra (18 July 1928 – 7 October 2020) was a Spanish swimmer. He competed in three events at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Guerra died on 7 October 2020 at the age of 92.

Sam Burton

Samuel Burton (10 November 1926 – 8 October 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played his entire career as a goalkeeper for Swindon Town, making 463 appearances in the Football League and 509 in all first-team competitions. Only John Trollope, Maurice Owen and Fraser Digby played more times for the club. He was born in Swindon, Wiltshire.

Burton died on 8 October 2020 from dementia-related problems and cancer at the age of 93.

David Ipp

David Andrew Ipp AO QC (1938 – 8 October 2020) was a South African-born Australian lawyer and politician. He was the Commissioner of the NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption between 2009 and 2014. Between 1989 to 2002, he was a judge of the Supreme Court of Western Australia. Ipp was born in Johannesburg.

Ipp died in Sydney on 8 October 2020 at the age of 82.

California Suite

California Suite is a 1978 American comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross and was based on the play of the same name by Neil Simon. It stars Maggie Smith, Alan Alda, Walter Matthau, Michael Caine, Jane Fonda, Elaine May, Richard Pryor, Dana Plato, Bill Cosby and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1979.


Brian Locking

Brian "Licorice" Locking (22 December 1938 – 8 October 2020) was an English rock pianist and songwriter. He was briefly the bass guitarist with The Shadows, between 1962 and 1963. During his tenure with the band he appeared with Sir Cliff Richard in the movie "Summer Holiday". Locking was born in Bedworth, Warwickshire.

Locking died on 8 October 2020 from bladder cancer in Wales, aged 81.


Marty Wilde

Marty Wilde, (born Reginald Leonard Smith; 15 April 1939) is an English rock pop singer-songwriter. He is the father of pop singers Ricky, Kim and Roxanne Wilde. Wilde was born in London. His career began in 1957.


Waterland

Waterland is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 17,315 people lived there.

Weesp

Weesp is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2021, about 20,400 people lived there. 

Since 24 March 2022, it has been part of the new municipality of Amsterdam.

Wijdemeren

Wijdemeren is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 24,013 people lived there.

Tom O'Donnell

Thomas G. O'Donnell (30 August 1926 – 8 October 2020) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was born in Charleville, County Cork.

O'Donnell was Minister for the Gaeltacht from 1973 to 1977. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick East from 1961 to 1987. He also was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Munster constituency from 1979 to 1984.

O'Donnell died on 8 October 2020 in County Limerick at the age of 94.

Ram Vilas Paswan

Ram Vilas Paswan (5 July 1946 – 8 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He was born in Khagaria, Bihar. 

He was a member of the Janata Party. He was a member of the Lok Sabha between 1977 to 1984, 1989 to 1991, 1991 to 1996, 1996 to 2009 and from 2014 to 2019. He was also a member of the Rajya Sabha between 2010 to 2014 and from 2019 until his death.

Paswan was Minister of Labour between 1989 to 1990. From 1996 to 1998, he was Minister of Railways. He was Minister of Communications and Information Technology between 1999 to 2001. 

He was Minister of Mines between 2001 to 2002. He was Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers between 2004 to 2009. He also was Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution between 2014 to 2020.

Paswan died on 8 October 2020 in New Delhi from problems caused by heart surgery, aged 74.


Wormerland

Wormerland is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 16,329 people lived there.

Tommy Robson

Thomas Henry Robson (31 July 1944 – 8 October 2020) was an English footballer who made more than 600 appearances in the Football League playing as a left winger.

Robson's career lasted from the 1950s to 1980s. He played for Northampton Town, Chelsea, Newcastle United, Peterborough United, Nuneaton Borough and Stamford.

In September 2019, Robson was diagnosed with motor neurone disease. He died on 8 October 2020 at the age of 76.

Zeevang

Zeevang is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2016, it has been part of the municipality of Edam-Volendam.

IPhone (1st generation)

The iPhone (also called the first-generation iPhone, iPhone (original), iPhone 2G, and iPhone 1) was the first smartphone made by Apple, Inc. It was announced on January 9, 2007, and released on June 29, 2007. It changed the mobile phone industry, being the first phone to have a multi-touch screen. It succeeded the Newton line of touchscreen phones by Apple.

Compared to other phones at the time, the iPhone had a much larger screen and removed most buttons, leaving only a home button to take you to the home screen.

On June 9, 2008, Apple announced a version of the iPhone which featured slightly improved hardware, GPS, and 3G functionality.

Ràdio i Televisió d'Andorra

Ràdio i Televisió d'Andorra, S.A. (RTVA) (; "Radio and Television of Andorra PLC") is the state-owned public television and radio broadcaster in the Principality of Andorra. It works as a television channel, ATV, and a radio station, RNA, both of which broadcast in Catalan.

Schermer

Schermer is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2015, it is part of the municipality of Alkmaar.

Graft-De Rijp

Graft-De Rijp is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2015, it has been part of the municipality of Alkmaar.

Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude

Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. Since 2019, it has been part of the municipality of Haarlemmermeer.

The former municipality had a population of 5,760 in August 2017.

Folker Bohnet

Folker Bohnet (7 August 1937 – 6 October 2020) was a German actor and theatre director. He was born in Berlin. He was known for his role as Hans in "Die Brücke" (1959) and as Josef Kainz in "Ludwig (1973).

Bohnet died on 6 October 2020 in Berlin at the age of 83.

Josef Kainz

Josef Gottfried Ignaz Kainz (2 January 1858 – 20 September 1910) was an Austrian actor. He was one of the greatest actors of the German-speaking theatre. He was known for his works in "Hamlet", "Richard II", Schiller's "Don Carlos" and as Franz Moor in "The Robbers".

Zaanstad

Zaanstad is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 155,885 people lived there.

Zandvoort

Zandvoort is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 17,011 people lived there.

Zandvoort is one of the most popular beach in the Netherlands.

Out to Sea

Out to Sea is a 1997 American romantic comedy movie directed by Martha Coolidge and starring Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Dyan Cannon, Gloria DeHaven, Donald O'Connor, Rue McClanahan, Edward Mulhare, Estelle Harris. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Fred Dean

Frederick Rudolph Dean (February 24, 1952 – October 14, 2020) was an American former professional football player. He was a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL). He was a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame. 

His career started with the San Diego Chargers in 1975 and ended with the San Francisco 49ers after the 1985 season. A two-time first-team All-Pro and a four-time Pro Bowler, he won two Super Bowls with the 49ers.

On October 8, 2020, Dean was diagnosed with COVID-19 and hospitalized in West Monroe, Louisiana. He died a few days later on October 14 while being airlifted from West Monroe to Jackson, Mississippi at the age of 68.

Appingedam

Appingedam is both a small city and a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 11,721 people lived there. Since 2021, it has been part of the new municipality of Eemsdelta.


David Refael ben Ami

David Refael ben-Ami (8 October 1950 – 9 October 2020) was an Israeli singer. He was born in Nahalal, Israel. He was known for his 1970 single "Desdemona". Most of his works are written by Matti Caspi. In 2006, he released his album "We are for God and our eyes are to God". Many of his songs were political, mainly pro-Israel.

Ben Ami died of COVID-19 on 9 October 2020 at a hospital in Jerusalem, aged 70.

World Food Programme

The World Food Programme (WFP) is the food-assistance branch of the United Nations and the world's largest humanitarian organization. It was founded by Food and Agriculture Organization in 1961. Its mission is to end hunger and helping giving people food. 

According to the WFP, it gives food assistance to an average of 91.4 million people in 83 countries each year. From its headquarters in Rome and from more than 80 country offices around the world, the WFP works to help people who cannot make or get enough food for themselves and their families. 

It is a member of the United Nations Development Group and part of its executive committee. 

It was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2020. The current executive director of the WFP is Cindy McCain.

Mondaire Jones

Mondaire Jones (born May 18, 1987) is an American attorney and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2021 to 2023.

He and Ritchie Torres were the first openly gay black members of Congress.

He was the Democratic nominee for in the 2020 election. He won the election in November 2020. In August 2022, he lost re-nomination in the Democratic primaries.


Uncommon Valor

Uncommon Valor is a 1983 American action movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Gene Hackman, Patrick Swayze, Robert Stack, Fred Ward, Tim Thomerson, Reb Brown, Randall "Tex" Cobb, Gail Strickland, Jane Kaczmarek, Michael Dudikoff. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Orangetown, New York

Orangetown is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States. It is northwest of New York City, north of New Jersey, east of the town of Ramapo, south of the town of Clarkstown, and west of the Hudson River. The population was 48,655 at the 2020 census.

Orange, New York

Orange is a town in Schuyler County, New York, United States. The population was 1,408 at the 2020 census.

The Town of Orange is in the southwest part of the county and is east of Bath, New York.

Orangeburg, New York

Orangeburg is a hamlet and census-designated place, in the town of Orangetown, Rockland County, New York, United States. It is located north of Tappan, south of Blauvelt, east of Pearl River and west of Piermont. The population was 4,565 at the 2020 census.

Tappan, New York

Tappan (, ) from the Lenape word "tuphanne" thought to mean "cold water," is a hamlet and census-designated place in the town of Orangetown, Rockland County, New York, United States. The population was 6,673 at the 2020 census.

Blauvelt, New York

Blauvelt is a hamlet and census-designated place, formerly known as Greenbush and then Blauveltville, in the town of Orangetown, Rockland County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 5,548.

Pearl River, New York

Pearl River is a hamlet and census-designated place in the town of Orangetown, Rockland County, New York, United States. The population was 16,567 at the 2020 census.

Piermont, New York

Piermont is a village in Rockland County, New York, United States. Piermont is in the town of Orangetown. The population was 2,517 at the 2020 census. 

Haren, Groningen

Haren is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the municipality of Groningen.

I'm Not Rappaport

I'm Not Rappaport is a 1996 American comedy-drama movie directed by and based on the play of the same name by Herb Gardener. It stars Walter Matthau, Ossie Davis, Amy Irving, Craig T. Nelson, Martha Plimpton, Boyd Gaines, Ron Rifkin and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Ten Boer

Ten Boer is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the municipality of Groningen.

Nine Hours to Rama

Nine Hours to Rama is a 1963 British American drama movie directed by Mark Robson and is based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Stanley Wolpert. It stars Horst Buchholz, Diane Baker, Jose Ferrer, Robert Morley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Les Misérables (1952 movie)

Les Misérables is a 1952 American romantic drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and is based on the 1862 novel of the same name by Victor Hugo. It stars Michael Rennie, Debra Paget, Robert Newton, Sylvia Sidney, Edmund Gwenn and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Reiderland

Reiderland is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2010, it has been a part of the municipality of Oldambt.

Bellingwedde

Bellingwedde is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands.

Bellingwedde was created on 1 September 1968 from the former municipalities of Bellingwolde and Wedde. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Westerwolde.

Vlagtwedde

Vlagtwedde is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Westerwolde.

Het Hogeland

Het Hogeland is a municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 49,479 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Bedum, De Marne, Eemsmond and Winsum.


Briaroaks, Texas

Briaroaks is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. 

Briaroaks, Texas had 507 people at the 2020 Census. 

Briaroaks has hot summers and cold winters, and is in a desert region.

War of God (1976 movie)

War of God or Hong Kong Calamity is an 1976 Taiwanese-Hong Kong movie. It is science fiction, fantasy, and action movie. Chun Hongmyin directed it. It was produced by Hsing Hua Film Production Company. "War of God" was released in Taiwanese by July 24, 1976. Koichi Takano built the special effects.

A sculptor named, Mr. Chao makes a statue of the god Guan Yu to fight large space aliens that are attacking Hong Kong. 


Sadyr Japarov

Sadyr Nurgozhoevich Japarov (; born 6 December 1968, surname sometimes romanized as Zhaparov) is a Kyrgyz politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from October 2020 to November 2020. On 15 October 2020, he became Acting President of Kyrgyzstan. He became the country's 6th president in January 2021.

SpaceX Crew-1

SpaceX Crew-1 (also known as USCV-1 or simply Crew-1) was a spaceflight in 2021 and 2022. It was the first crewed operational flight of a Crew Dragon spacecraft.

The Crew Dragon spacecraft "Resilience" was expected to launch on October 31, 2020, on a Falcon 9 from the Kennedy Space Center, LC-39A. The launch was postponed due to bad weather and was eventually launched on November 15.

It carried NASA astronauts Michael Hopkins, Victor Glover and Shannon Walker along with JAXA astronaut Soichi Noguchi, all members of the Expedition 64 crew. The mission is the second overall crewed orbital flight of the Crew Dragon, pending the certification of the vehicle.

The "Resilience" space capsule will dock at the ISS after launch, where the astronauts will stay for about 6 months before returning back to earth.

Michael S. Hopkins

Michael Scott “Mike” Hopkins (born December 28, 1968) is a Colonel in the United States Space Force, and a current NASA astronaut. 

Hopkins was selected in June 2009 as a member of the NASA Astronaut Group 20. He made his first spaceflight as a Flight Engineer on Soyuz TMA-10M/Expedition 37/Expedition 38, from September 2013 until March 2014. 

He was the first member of his astronaut class to fly in space.

Lebanon, Missouri

Lebanon is a city in Laclede County, Missouri, United States. The population was 15,013 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Laclede County.

Victor J. Glover

Victor Jerome Glover (born April 30, 1976) is a NASA astronaut of the class of 2013 and Pilot on the first operational flight of the SpaceX Crew Dragon to the International Space Station. 

Glover is a commander in the U.S. Navy. He was born in Pomona, California. He is an F/A-18 pilot and graduate of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School.

Shannon Walker

Shannon Walker (born June 4, 1965) is an American physicist and a NASA astronaut since 2004. She launched on her first mission into space on 25 June 2010 onboard Soyuz TMA-19 and has currently been 163 days in space over one long-duration mission to the International Space Station (ISS).

Hyla

Hyla is a genus of tree frogs in the family Hylidae. Over the years, scientists have changed their minds about which frog species should be in "Hyla" and which should be in "Litoria", "Ranoidea" or other genera. At one time, "Hyla" had more than 300 species from Europe, Asia, Africa, and across the Americas. Now, "Hyla" has only 17 extant (living) species. They are from Europe, northern Africa and Asia. The earliest known fossil from a "Hyla" frog is †"Hyla swanstoni" from the Eocene. The fossil was found in Saskatchewan, Canada, but it is not clear whether we would consider "swanstoni" a "Hyla" frog today.

Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti made the genus in 1768. He named it after Hylas from Greek mythology. Hylas was a friend of Hercules. Even though the mythological person Hylas was male, the name "Hyla" is given the feminine grammatical gender.

Some people say this word comes from the Greek word ("", "forest" or "wood"), but it does not.

In most "Hyla" frogs, the male frogs sing, and then the female frogs choose which male to mate with based on their songs. But females from different species like different things about male frogs' voices. Female "H. versicolor", for example, choose males whose calls last longer. Female "H. arborea" choose males who show up to sing in the same place for many nights.

In some "Hyla" frogs, the male frogs fight and compete. Male "H. versicolor" frogs show up where the females like to go. This behavior, called lekking, is common in many species of "Hyla". In order to sing clearly, the males need to be a certain distance apart from each other. When one male gets too close to another male's singing place, the two males may fight or do something else that is like fighting. Male "H. versicolor" sometimes show off to each other before they fight, so they can see whether they are likely to win first.

Indirect selection is when one partner chooses a mate based on just one thing that is related to how fit and healthy the mate is all together. "H. arborea" is a frog that is awake at night, and the females listen to the males sing and then choose one, so the frogs must be able to hear well. These frogs can also see well in low light. This ability to see may be related to how females choose males. Scientists say female "H. arborea" choose males with more brightly colored vocal sacs. They think colorful vocal sacs may show that the frog has enough carotenoids in the food it eats. This may mean the male frog is better at finding food than other frogs, and he might pass on some of this skill to his offspring.


Pomilio PE

The Pomilio PE is an Italian reconnaissance biplane aircraft. It flew for the World War I and was built as at least 985 planes.

Soichi Noguchi

His first spaceflight was as a Mission Specialist aboard STS-114 on 26 July 2005 for NASA's first "return to flight" Space Shuttle mission after the "Columbia" disaster.

He was most recently in space as part of the Soyuz TMA-17 crew and Expedition 22 to the International Space Station (ISS), returning to Earth on 2 June 2010.

He is the fifth Japanese astronaut to fly in space and the fourth to fly on the space shuttle.

New Administrative Capital

The New Administrative Capital (NAC) () is a large-scale project in Egypt that has been under construction since 2015.

It was announced by then-Egyptian housing minister Moustafa Madbouly at the Egypt Economic Development Conference on 13 March 2015. The city will reportedly be named Wedian, the Egyptian Arabic plural for "Wadi". 

Great conjunction

A great conjunction is a conjunction of the planets Jupiter and Saturn. Great conjunctions occur regularly (every 19.6 years, on average) due to the combined effect of Jupiter's about 11.86-year orbital period and Saturn's 29.5-year orbital period. The last great conjunction happened on 21 December 2020. It was the closest great conjunction since 1623.


2020 Moldovan presidential election

The 2020 Moldovan presidential election took place on Sunday, 1 November 2020. It was the 4th presidential election since the nation's declaration of independence. Voters elected former Prime Minister Maia Sandu as the new president in the second-round of the election on 15 November.

Dassault Aviation Falcon 7X

The Dassault Aviation Falcon 7X is a tri-jet business aircraft built in France.

2020 Venezuelan parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Venezuela on 6 December 2020. Aside from the 167 deputies of the National Assembly who are eligible to be re-elected, the new National Electoral Council president announced that the assembly would increase by 93 seats, for a total of 277 deputies to be elected.

Many saw the election was unfair saying that there were many illegal votes and it was rigged.

Solar eclipse of December 14, 2020

A total solar eclipse occurred on Monday, December 14, 2020. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, which will cover the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. 

A total solar eclipse happens when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness. Totality happens in a narrow path across Earth's surface, with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide. 

The Moon’s apparent diameter was larger because the eclipse occurred only 1.8 days after perigee, the point at which the Moon is closest to the Earth (on December 12, 2020).

It was visible from Chile and Argentina. There was also a partial solar eclipse in Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru and Uruguay.


Baalveer Returns

Baalveer Returns is an Indian fantasy television series. It premiered on 10 September 2019 on SAB TV, and stars Dev Joshi, and Vansh Sayani in the titular lead role. It is a sequel of Baal Veer, which ran from 2012 to 2016. It is produced by Optimystix Entertainment with screenplay by Manoj Tripathi.

Timnasa, an evil enchantress and the queen of Kaal Lok (the Dark Realm), begins a quest to rule the whole universe and become the most powerful and evil entity. She destroys the Fairy Realm, but Baalveer saves the surviving fairies. They find refuge in the Brave Realm whose leader is a white lion, Shaurya. Baalveer becomes weaker with every passing moment as he was injured in the attack. On Shaurya's instructions, Baalveer goes to Earth as Debu with the fairies as his sisters to find his younger successor, the next Baalveer, as he needs help to fight Timnasa.

The new Baalveer is a 9-year-old mischievous boy named Vivaan, and soon is made realise his destiny while battling Timnasa and her agents and makes Vivan the new 'Junior Baalveer'. Both the Baalveers, the fairies, and Shaurya cross all the hurdles and fight with Timnasa, by foiling her plans all the time.

Timnasa captured Sarvakaal, a monstrous but righteous sage of the Dark Realm, as he knows the one who'll kill Timnasa. 

Baalveer acknowledges this and pretends to lose his powers and memory and stays as a commoner with Vivaan and family, as his foster brother Debu. He acquires a new avatar- Naqabposh. He befriends Ananya, a girl who was tricked by Timnasa into doing her work (by threatening to kill her mother). Her mother is saved by Naqabposh. 

Vivan is Ananya's long-lost brother, and their biological mother Devaki, the former queen of the White Realm(now Dark Realm). Ananya, Naquabposh and Vivan, the three form 'Team Shadow' and destroy Timnasa. 

A man is sent from the underwater world of Shinkai, to kill Baalveer. But he is killed instead. 

Timnasa's spirit tells Debu that his biological parents were killed by Shaurya and the fairies. He is keen to know about it but fails to find any clues.

The new season unveils the underwater world of Shinkai, which is ruled by King Kaikos. The commander-in-chief Bambaal plots to rule over the whole universe, along with his sidekick Milsa. An egg is in Shinkai, and a man will be born from it, prophesied to be the ultimate, and Bambaal awaits his birth.

Baalveer is told a story in which a man of Brave Realm, named Jaikas turned evil and was running with his two small sons. He was attacked and one son was dropped in a desert while his vehicle landed in sea. It is revealed that he survived and his other son is the one Bambaal is waiting for. When he comes out of the egg, he is named Ray by Bambaal. 

Baalveer wants to know about his past from Shaurya and Baalpari, his mother. He is made Baalveer again in Vivaan's presence (to conceal Naqabposh's secret). 

Ray needs the blood of a powerful entity to unleash his powers and to destroy a poison. On Earth, they get to know that the entity is Vivaan. Ananya thinks that Ray is Naqabposh.Also the blood of the Vivaan is given to Ray by Milsa but it doesn't affect the broken arm
Baalveers capture Milsa but Bambaal secretly kills her. They are soon helped by Birba, Bambaal's loyalist. Baalveer tells Vivan his truth, about him being Baalveer and Naquabposh, leaving him shocked. Bambaal finds out that Debu is the other Baalveer.








"Baalveer Returns" did a crossover with the series "Aladdin - Naam Toh Suna Hoga" for 5 episodes from 27 January 2020 to 31 January 2020 in season 1.

Prince Charles of Luxembourg (born 2020)

Prince Charles of Luxembourg (Charles Jean Philippe Joseph Marie Guillaume; born 10 May 2020) is the only child of Hereditary Grand Duke Guillaume and Hereditary Grand Duchess Stéphanie. He was born at Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg City. 

He is second in the line of succession to the throne of Luxembourg. 

His birth was celebrated by a 21-gun salute at Fort Thungen in Kirchberg.

On 19 September 2020, Prince Charles was baptised at the Abbey of St. Maurice and St. Maurus of Clervaux in Luxembourg.


Prince Charles of Luxembourg (1927–1977)

Prince Charles of Luxembourg, Prince of Bourbon-Parma and Nassau (born Charles Frédéric Louis Guillaume Marie; 7 August 1927 – 26 July 1977), was a younger son of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.

Hairy-eared dwarf lemur

The hairy-eared dwarf lemur ("Allocebus trichotis"), is a type of lemur. It is also called the hairy-eared mouse lemur. It is a nocturnal animal. It only lives in Madagascar. It is the only member of the genus Allocebus.

Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg

Prince Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg ("Guillaume Jean Joseph Marie"; born 11 November 1981), is the heir apparent to the crown of Luxembourg since his father's became grand duke in 2000.

Early Life and Education

Prince Guillaume was born on 11 November 1981 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg City and is the eldest child of Grand Duke Henri of Luxembourg and his wife, Cuban-born Grand Duchess Maria Teresa. His godparents are Princess Marie Astrid of Luxembourg and Prince Guillaume of Luxembourg. Guillaume has four younger siblings: Prince Felix, Prince Louis, Princess Alexandra and Prince Sebastien. 
On 26 April 2012, the court announced the engagement of the Hereditary Grand Duke to the Belgian Countess Stéphanie de Lannoy. They were married on 19 October 2012.

Guillaume and Stéphanie have a son, named Prince Charles of Luxembourg born on 10 May 2020 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital, Luxembourg Prince Francois of Luxembourg born on March 27 2023 at Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital, Luxembourg City.

Titles

11 November 1981-present His Royal Highness Prince Guillaume, The Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg, Prince of Nassau, Prince of Bourbon-Parma 

Honors 

National Honors

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (11 November 1981)

-Grand Cross of Order of Adolphe of Nassau (11 November 1981)

-Grand Cross of the Order of the Oak Crown (23 June 2012)

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-France: Grand Officer of the Order of the Legion of Honor

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Orange-Nassau, Recipient of the King Willem-Alexander Inauguration Medal (4/30/2013)

-Portugal: Grand Cross of the Order of Aviz (23 May 2017)

-Senegal: Commander of the National Order of the Lion (24 February 2023)

-Slovakia: Grand Officer of the Order of the White Double Cross 

-United Kingdom: Recipient of the Sandhurst Medal (22 September 2020)

Stéphanie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Luxembourg

Princess Stéphanie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma(born Countess Stéphanie de Lannoy on 18 February 1984), is the wife of Hereditary Grand Duke Guillaume, heir apparent to the throne of Luxembourg. 

She became engaged to the Hereditary Grand Duke on 26 April 2012 and married him, in a civil ceremony, on 19 October 2012, followed by a religious service the next day. The couple have two sons Prince Charles of Luxembourg was born 10 May 2020 at Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital, Luxembourg City. Prince Francois of Luxembourg was born on March 27 2023 at Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital, Luxembourg City

Titles

18 February 1984-20 October 2012 Countess Stephanie Marie Claudine Christine Lannoy

20 October 2012 Her Royal Highness Princess Stephanie, The Hereditary Grand Duchess of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma 

Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown (2019) 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Orange-Nassau (23 May 2018) 

-Portugal: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (23 May 2017) 

Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg

Maria Teresa (born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; 22 March 1956) is the spouse of Grand Duke Henri, who acceded to the throne in 2000. She was born in Cuba.

Maria Teresa married Prince Henri of Luxembourg in a civil ceremony on 4 February 1981 and a religious ceremony on 14 February 1981. She received a bouquet of red roses as a wedding gift from the then Cuban dictator Fidel Castro.

The couple has five children: Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg, Prince Félix of Luxembourg, Prince Louis of Luxembourg, Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg, and Prince Sébastien of Luxembourg.



List of monarchs of Luxembourg

The territory of Luxembourg has been ruled successively by counts dukes and grand dukes. It was part of the medieval Kingdom of Germany, and later the Holy Roman Empire until it became a sovereign state in 1815.


William I of the Netherlands

William I (Willem Frederik, Prince of Orange-Nassau; 24 August 1772 – 12 December 1843) was a Prince of Orange, the King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg.


Adolphe, Grand Duke of Luxembourg

Adolphe (Adolf Wilhelm August Karl Friedrich; 24 July 1817 – 17 November 1905) was the last sovereign Duke of Nassau, reigning from 20 August 1839 until the duchy's annexation to Kingdom of Prussia in 1866. 

In 1890, he became Grand Duke of Luxembourg following the death of King William III of the Netherlands, ending the personal relationship between the Netherlands and Luxembourg, until his own death in 1905. 

He was the first monarch of Luxembourg from the House of Nassau-Weilburg.


William IV, Grand Duke of Luxembourg

William IV (William Alexander; "French: Guillaume Alexandre"; 22 April 1852 – 25 February 1912) reigned as the Grand Duke of Luxembourg from 17 November 1905 until his death. He succeeded his father, Adolphe.

Currently, William is the last monarch of Luxembourg to die while still on the throne.

Although the was annexed by Prussia after the Austro-Prussian war of 1866, the title of was retained by William and his heirs. This does not imply any sovereignty over Nassau.



Marie-Adélaïde, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg

Marie-Adélaïde (Marie Adelheid Thérèse Hilda Wilhelmine; 14 June 1894 – 24 January 1924), reigned as Grand Duchess of Luxembourg from 1912 until she left the throne in 1919. 

She was the first Grand Duchess regnant of Luxembourg (after five grand dukes), its first female monarch since Duchess Maria Theresa (1740–1780, who was also Austrian Archduchess and Holy Roman Empress) and the first Luxembourgish monarch to be born within the territory since Count John the Blind (1296–1346).



Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg

Charlotte (Charlotte Adelgonde Élise/Elisabeth Marie Wilhelmine; 23 January 1896 – 9 July 1985) was the Grand Duchess of Luxembourg from 1919 until her abdication in 1964.

She became grand duchess on 14 January 1919 following the abdication of her sister, Marie-Adélaïde, due to political pressure.

She married Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma on 6 November 1919. They had six children. Following the 1940 German invasion of Luxembourg during World War II, Charlotte went into exile: first in France, then Portugal, Great Britain, and North America. While in Britain, she made broadcasts to the people of Luxembourg. She returned to Luxembourg in April 1945.

She abdicated in 1964, and was replaced by her son Jean. 


Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma

Prince Félix of Bourbon-Parma ("Félix Marie Vincent"; 28 September 1893 – 8 April 1970), later Prince Félix of Luxembourg, was the husband of Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg and the father of her six children, including her replacement: Grand Duke Jean. He was the longest serving consort of Luxembourg.

Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium

Joséphine-Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg (born Princess Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium; 11 October 1927 – 10 January 2005), was the Grand Duchess consort of Luxembourg as the wife of Grand Duke Jean. 

She was the first child of King Leopold III of Belgium, and sister of the late King Baudouin and former King Albert II and aunt of King Philippe. 

She was also the first cousin of King Harald V of Norway.

Joséphine died of lung cancer on 10 January 2005 at Fischbach Castle in Luxembourg at the age of 77.

Anne of Austria, Landgravine of Thuringia

Anne of Bohemia and Austria (12 April 1432 – 13 November 1462) was a Duchess of Luxembourg in her own right and, as a consort, Landgravine of Thuringia and of Saxony.

She was the eldest daughter of Albert of Austria.

On 2 June 1446 the young Anne was married to William "the Brave" of Saxony (1425–82), Landgrave of Thuringia, a younger son of Frederick I "the Warlike" of Saxony.

William III, Landgrave of Thuringia

William III (30 April 1425 – 17 September 1482), called the Brave (in German "Wilhelm der Tapfere"), was landgrave of Thuringia (from 1445) and claimant duke of Luxemburg (from 1457). He is actually the second William to rule Thuringia, and in Luxembourg; he was the third Margrave of Meissen named William.

Notre-Dame Cathedral, Luxembourg

Notre-Dame Cathedral (, , ) is the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. 

It was originally a Jesuit church, and its cornerstone was laid in 1613. It is the only cathedral in Luxembourg.

Many Grand Dukes are buried here.


Cream (colour)

Cream is a yellowish-white color. It is the color of the cream produced by cattle grazing on natural pasture with plants rich in yellow carotenoid pigments, some of which are incorporated into the fresh milk.

Infanta Marie Anne of Portugal

Infanta Marie Anne of Portugal (; 13 July 1861 – 31 July 1942) was Grand Duchess of Luxembourg as the wife of Grand Duke Guillaume IV.

She was the country's regent in the name of their daughter, Grand Duchess Marie-Adélaïde. She was a member of the House of Braganza.

Russet (color)

Russet is a reddish-brown color.

Tawny (color)

Tawny is a brownish-orange color or brownish-yellow color.

Buff (colour)

Buff is a light brownish-yellow color.

Pierre Kezdy

Pierre Kezdy (January 4, 1962 – October 9, 2020) was an American bass player. He was born in Chicago. Kezdy was known for playing with many Chicago punk bands, including Naked Raygun, Pegboy, Strike Under, Arsenal, and Trial By Fire.

Kezdy died of cancer on October 9, 2020 while under hospice care in Glenview, Illinois at the age of 58.

J. Russell Capps

James Russell Capps (February 26, 1931 – October 6, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the North Carolina General Assembly from 1994 to 2006. He was born in Raleigh, North Carolina. He lost his re-election campaign in 2006. He unsuccessfully ran again in 2012.

Capps died on October 6, 2020 in Raleigh at the age of 89.

Alas (geography)

Alas is a landform that is a little bit lower than the surface around it. It mainly occurs in Yakutia. An alas first develops as a shallow lake. The lake eventually dries out and is replaced by grass and other plants.

Alases are often used as a pasture for horses. They are common in the Central Yakutian Lowland. The largest alas in the world is Myuryu, found in Ust-Aldan District.

Thiago Alcântara

Thiago Alcântara do Nascimento (born 11 April 1991), commonly known as Thiago Alcântara, or simply Thiago is a Spanish professional footballer. He plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Liverpool, and the Spain national team. He is the son of former Brazilian player Mazinho. Thiago is considered as one of the best midfielders of all time.

Barcelona

Bayern Munich

Liverpool

Spain U17

Spain U21

Individual


Loppersum

Loppersum is a village and former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 9,614 people lived there. Since 2021, it has been part of the new municipality of Eemsdelta.


Lemsterland

Lemsterland () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2014, it has been part of the new municipality of De Fryske Marren.

Skarsterlân

Skarsterlân () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2014, it has been part of the new municipality of De Fryske Marren.

Gaasterlân-Sleat

Gaasterlân-Sleat () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2014, it has been part of the new municipality of De Fryske Marren.

De Marne

De Marne is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Het Hogeland.

Kostas Tsimikas

Konstantinos "Kostas" Tsimikas (, born 12 May 1996) is a Greek football player. He plays as a left-back for Premier League club Liverpool and the Greece national team.



Bedum

Bedum is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Het Hogeland.

Eemsmond

Eemsmond is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Het Hogeland.

Winsum

Winsum is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Het Hogeland and has also been part of the new municipality of Westerkwartier.

Hoogezand-Sappemeer

Hoogezand-Sappemeer is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Midden-Groningen.

Menterwolde

Menterwolde is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Midden-Groningen.

Ronnie Whelan

Ronald Andrew Whelan (born 25 September 1961) is a former Irish football player. During his playing career, he played as a midfielder and sometimes as a defender. He was a part of a dominant Liverpool side that won a many titles in the 1980s.

"* Other – Charity Shield, UEFA Super Cup, Intercontinental Cup, Super Cup ScreenSport & Mercantile Credit Centenary Trophy

Liverpool


Rudolph B. Davila

Rudolph B. Davila (April 27, 1916 – January 26, 2002) was an Asian American who recevied the Medal of Honor during World War II. He was the only person of Filipino ancestry to receive the medal.

Native Hawaiians

Native Hawaiians are the native people of Hawaii. They are a Polynesian group whose ancestors came from what is now French Polynesia. Hawaiians make up 21% of Hawaii’s total population, though most are mixed. Their original language is the Hawaiian language, but Hawaiian Pidgin or English is more common.

Glen

A glen is a valley, that has slopes that are not steep. It is usually long. It is found in the Northern Hemisphere.

Windward slope

The windward slope is the side of a mountain, island or other land which the wind hits. The windward direction is the direction upwind from the point of reference. That means windward is the direction from which the wind is coming. If the wind is moving from north to south, then the windward slope is the north side of the hill or mountain. 

Leeward is the direction downwind from the point of reference. The leeward side of a mountain is usually drier than the windward side.

Ridge

A ridge or a mountain ridge is a landform that consists of a chain of mountains or hills that form lots of peaks for a distance. Ridges are usually called hills or mountains as well.

Lake Success, New York

Lake Success is a village and a capital of the Great Neck School District in Nassau County, New York in the United States. The population was 2,828 at the 2020 census.

Joseph Pérez

Joseph Pérez (14 January 1931 – 8 October 2020) was a French historian. His works focused in Spanish history.

Pérez's worked in the births of the modern Spanish state and the Latin American nations.

Among his books, he examined the independence movements of Latin America; Ferdinand and Isabella, the Catholic Monarchs; Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, and Philip II of Spain.

Frido Croes

Francisco Walfrido "Frido" Croes (3 December 1957 – 9 October 2020) was an Aruban politician and schoolteacher. He held the office of Minister Plenipotentiary of Aruba from 2005 to 2009. Prior to that, he was a member of parliament from 1989 to 1994, and as its chairman from 2001 to 2004. He also served as minister of education from 2004 to 2005.

Croes died on 9 October 2020 at the age of 62.

Estates of Aruba

The Estates of Aruba () are the unicameral legislature or parliament of Aruba. The Estates have 21 members, elected for a four-year term by proportional representation. 

Each member holds their seats until Parliament is dissolved which is every four years by a general election. The leader of the party who gains majority usually becomes the Prime Minister.

Ekow Hayford

Ekow Hayford (24 December 1970 – 9 October 2020) was a Ghanaian politician. He was a member of the Seventh Parliament of the Fourth Republic of Ghana representing the Mfantseman Constituency in the Central Region. He was a member of the New Patriotic Party. Hayford was born in Mankessim, Ghana.

On 9 October 2020, while returning from a campaign tour, he was shot dead by unknown persons at the age of 49.

Converse (logic)

In mathematics and logic, a converse is a variant of an implication. More specifically, given an implication of the form formula_1, the converse is the statement formula_2. 

While a converse is similar to its originating implication, they are not logically equivalent. This means that the truth of an implication does not guarantee the truth of its converse (and vice versa).

As a logical connective, the converse of formula_3 and formula_4 can be represented by the symbol formula_5 (as in formula_6).


Scappoose, Oregon

Scappoose is a city in Columbia County, Oregon, United States. It was named for a nearby stream, which drains the southern part of the county. The population was 8,010 at the 2020 census.

Scheemda

Scheemda is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2010, it has been part of the municipality of Oldambt.

Zuidhorn

Zuidhorn is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Westerkwartier.

Davis Junction, Illinois

Davis Junction is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Dawson, Illinois

Dawson is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Deer Creek, Illinois

Deer Creek is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Deer Grove, Illinois

Deer Grove is a village in Illinois in the United States.

DePue, Illinois

DePue is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Detroit, Illinois

Detroit is a village in Illinois in the United States.

DeWitt, Illinois

DeWitt is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Dieterich, Illinois

Dieterich is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Savannah, Tennessee

Savannah is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Hardin County.

Marum

Marum is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Westerkwartier.

Bethlehem, Connecticut

Bethlehem is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Logical equivalence

In logic and mathematics, two statements are logically equivalent if they can prove each other (under a set of axioms), or have the same truth value under all circumstances. In propositional logic, two statements are logically equivalent precisely when their truth tables are identical. To express logical equivalence between two statements, the symbols formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3are often used.

For example, the statements ""A" and "B"" and ""B" and "A"" are logically equivalent. If "P" and Q are logically equivalent, then the statement ""P" if and only if "Q"" is a tautology.


BitMe

Bitme (stylised as bitMe) is a Mexican television channel. It is owned by Televisa.

Carter Catlett Williams

Carter Catlett Williams was a social worker. She worked to change nursing homes so that older people living in them had more freedom. She started the Pioneer Network. It is a not-for-profit organization that works to make nursing homes better. She was a leader in creating the Nursing Home Reform Act in 1987. The University of Rochester Medical Center keeps her papers.

Williams was born on September 2, 1923 in Texas and died on September 8, 2020 in Gloucester, Virginia. She was 97 years old.

Tiin

Tiin was a television channel in Mexico.

Jimmie Lee Solomon

Jimmie Lee Solomon (March 11, 1956October 9, 2020) was an American lawyer and Major League Baseball executive. He was born in Trinity County, Texas. He was the Executive Vice President of Baseball Operations from 2005 to 2010. He later was the Executive Vice President for Baseball Development from 2010 to 2012.

Solomon was found dead on October 9, 2020 at his home in Houston, aged 64. The cause of death is unknown.

Cat Bordhi

Cat Bordhi (1951 – 2020) was a teacher, author, and knitting expert. She changed how people knit socks and scarves. She was very influential in the knitting community. She self-published books that opened up a very closed and tightly controlled knitting publishing industry.

She also wrote a novel called "Treasure Forest". It was a Nautilus Book Award winner in 2004.

She was born 2 March 1951 in San Francisco, California. She died 19 September 2020 at home in Friday Harbor, Washington. She was 69 years old.

Nautilus Book Awards

Nautilus Book Awards is a prize for books about social and environmental justice. It started in the United States in 1998. There is prize money. The award is to recognie books that "make a difference and inspire." The award is named for the nautilus shell, as a symbol of wisdom and growth.

There are usually one gold and one or more silver awards each year. There are 24 adult and 4 children's/young adult categories.

There are three steps in choosing Nautilus Book Award winners. Editors, professors, writers, librarians, publishers, schoolteachers and bookstore owners choose. Awards need agreement at all three levels. Sometimes there may be no awards if judges do not agree. A book may win more than one award.

Antarctic plate

The Antarctic plate is tectonic region that is located in Antarctica, south pole. The Antarctic plate surrounded spreading centers at the oceanic edges of large neighboring plates. These include the Pacific, Nazca, South American, African, and Australian plates. The smaller scotia, South Sandwich, and Shetland Plates are considered to be part of Antarctic region and one of the Earth's seven major tectonics plate. It is moving at speeds varying from 4 to 20 mm/year. The Antarctic plate includes continental crust making up Antarctica and its continental shelf, along with oceanic crust beneath the seas surrounding of Antarctica.


Christopher Poole

Christopher Poole (born ), known online as moot, is an American Internet entrepreneur. He was born in New York City. He is best known for founding the anonymous English-language imageboard 4chan in October 2003. He served as the site's head administrator for more than 11 years before stepping down in January 2015. In 2016, he began working for Google. As of 2018, he works in the company's Google Maps division, based in Tokyo.

In April 2009, Poole was voted the world's most influential person of 2008 by an open Internet poll conducted by "Time".

On September 12, 2009, Poole gave a talk on why 4chan has a reputation as a "Meme Factory" at the "Paraflows Symposium" in Vienna, Austria, which was part of the Paraflows 09 festival, themed Urban Hacking. In this talk, Poole mainly attributed this to the anonymous system, and to the lack of data retention on the site ("The site has no memory"). His talk was published in the academic reader "Mind and Matter: Comparative Approaches towards Complexity" (edited by Günther Friesinger, Johannes Grenzfurthner, Thomas Ballhausen).

On February 10, 2010, Poole spoke at the TED2010 conference in Long Beach, California. He spoke about the increasing prevalence of persistent user identities and the sharing of personal information on sites such as Facebook and Twitter, and he also spoke about the value of anonymous posting on sites such as 4chan. Fred Leal of the Brazilian newspaper "O Estado de S. Paulo" said his inclusion in the conference "indicates that something extraordinary is happening... [4chan] challenges every Internet convention: it is, alone, the antithesis of Google, social networking sites, and blogs."

In 2010, Poole was reported to have raised $625,000 to create a new online enterprise, Canvas. The website opened on January 31, 2011, and featured digitally modified images uploaded by users who are required to self-identify using Facebook Connect. The enterprise ran until January 2014 when Poole announced that Canvas, and its DrawQuest feature, would be going out of business.

In January 2015, Poole announced that he would be stepping down as the 4chan administrator. On January 23, he hosted a final Q&A with site users using the /qa/ board and YouTube to livestream. This marked the beginning of his "retirement" from being an administrator and owner of the website after eleven and a half years. He began a process of turning control of the site over to three anonymous 4chan moderators while searching for a buyer for the website. On September 21, 2015, it was announced that Hiroyuki Nishimura, founder of the Japanese BBS 2channel, would take over as the site's owner.

The Grass Harp (movie)

The Grass Harp is a 1995 American comedy-drama movie directed by Charles Matthau and was based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Truman Capote. It stars Piper Laurie, Sissy Spacek, Walter Matthau, Jack Lemmon, Edward Furlong, Nell Carter, Roddy McDowall, Mary Steenburgen, Charles Durning, Doris Roberts, Scott Wilson and was distributed by Fine Line Pictures.


Touch-Tone Terrorists

The Touch-Tone Terrorists is a series of prank phone calls comedy CDs. The Touch-Tone Terrorists are actually one man named Pete Dzoghi who also goes by the name of "RePete". He purchased a series of 1-800 numbers, including ones that were one digit different than actual customer service numbers for companies such as (apparently) UPS, an oil change business, an auto insurance "claims support line", a psychic hotline, a pen manufacturer, a bank, department store, phone company, and others. Using a Gentner SPH-3A telephone hybrid and a Yamaha SPX-90 electronic pitch transposer to alter his voice over the phone, he would take incoming calls from people who had misdialed the number and were under the assumption that they had dialed the right number. He created a series of ridiculous exaggerated characters, all of which were voiced by him.


Rock shelter

A rock shelter is a shallow cave-like opening at the bottom of a cliff. Rock shelters form because a rock stratum that does not erode has formed a cliff. But a weaker stratum, that erodes a lot is under the resistant stratum. As it erodes it creates an opening at the bottom of the cliff.

Charles Moore (athlete)

Charles Hewes Moore Jr. (August 12, 1929 – October 8, 2020) was an American track and field athlete. Moore won a gold medal and a silver medalist in the 400 metre hurdles in the 1952 Summer Olympics with a time of 50.8 seconds. In 1999, he was added into the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame. Moore was born in Coatesville, Pennsylvania.

Moore died on October 8, 2020 in Laporte, Pennsylvania at the age of 91.

Laporte, Pennsylvania

Laporte is a borough in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 314 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Sullivan County.

Coatesville, Pennsylvania

Coatesville is a city in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 13,350 at the 2020 census. Coatesville is about 39 miles west of Philadelphia.

Two Gentlemen Sharing

Two Gentlemen Sharing is a 1969 British drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the novel of the same name by David Stuart Leslie. It stars Rob Phillips, Judy Geeson, Norman Rossington, Rachel Kempson, Hilary Dwyer, Ram John Holder, Philip Stone, David Markham.

George Rhoden

George Vincent Rhoden (born 13 December 1926) is a former Jamaican athlete. He is the winner of two Olympic gold medals in 1952. He was born in Kingston.

Leslie Laing

Leslie Alphonso "Les" Laing (19 February 1925 – 7 February 2021) was a Jamaican athlete. He was a winner of gold medal in 4 × 400 m relay at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Linstead, Jamaica. At the Helsinki Olympics, Laing was fifth in the 200 m. He ran the second leg in the Jamaican 4 × 400 m relay team, which won the gold medal with a new world record of 3:03.9.

Laing died on 7 February 2021 at the age of 95.

John Webster (Royal Navy officer)

Vice Admiral Sir John Morrison Webster KCB (3 November 1932 – 5 October 2020) was a Royal Navy officer. He became the Flag Officer Plymouth and Port Admiral, Devonport in 1987. He left the position in 1990.

He was appointed Director of Naval Warfare at the Ministry of Defence in 1980, Flag Officer Sea Training in 1982 and Chief of Staff to the Commander-in-Chief Fleet in 1984.

He died on 5 October 2020 at the age of 87.

2020 Kyrgyz protests

The 2020 Kyrgyzstan protests began on 5 October 2020 in response to the 2020 parliamentary election that were perceived by protestors as unfair. The results of the election were annulled on 6 October 2020.

The protests began on Monday, 5 October 2020, with a crowd of 1,000 people, that grew to at least 5,000 people by evening in Bishkek. After nightfall, following a police operation to clear the Ala-Too Square of protesters with tear gas and water cannons, protesters allegedly attacked police officers with rocks and injured two of them. 

Former President Almazbek Atambayev was freed from prison.

On 6 October, following the protests, the electoral authorities in the country annulled the results of the parliamentary elections. Central Election Commission member Gulnara Jurabaeva also revealed the commission was considering self-dissolution.

Prime Minister Kubatbek Boronov resigned, citing parliamentary deputy Myktybek Abdyldayev as the new speaker on 6 October.

On 15 October, President Sooronbay Jeenbekov resigned.

2020 Kyrgyz parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Kyrgyzstan on 4 October 2020. 

The results showed that pro-government parties had won a supermajority of seats. The election was annulled by the Central Election Commission during the 2020 Kyrgyzstan protests.

Supreme Council (Kyrgyzstan)

The Supreme Council (, "Joğorku Keñeş", جوعورقۇ كەڭەش; , "Verkhovnyy Sovet") is the unicameral Parliament of the Kyrgyz Republic. It was known as the Supreme Soviet of the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic until 1991.

The parliament has 120 seats with members elected for a five-year term by party-list proportional voting.


Vasili Kulkov

Vassily Sergeyevich Kulkov (; 11 June 1966 – 10 October 2020) was a Russian footballer, and manager. He was born in Moscow.

He was a central defender and defensive midfielder. He was best known for his spells at Spartak Moscow and Benfica. He also played for the Russian national team from 1992 to 1995.

Kulkov died of brain cancer on 10 October 2020 in Moscow, aged 54.

Megalopyge opercularis

The Megalopyge opercularis is a moth of the family Megalopygidae. It has a number of common names, like asp caterpillar, puss caterpillar, woolly slug and puss moth. 

This caterpillar is highly dangerous due to its venomous spines. Exposure to this caterpillar's fur-like spines leads to an immediate skin irritation. The pain is similar to bee, wasp or hornet stings. The reactions are often localized to the affected area. However, the reactions are usually severe. The reaction causes burning, nausea, headache, rashes, vomiting and blisters.

These caterpillars are seen from southeast Virginia to Florida and as far west as Missouri and Texas. They are also in Mexico and Central America.

If you are stung by a puss moth, asp caterpillar or puss caterpillar, get first aid right away. The spines need to be removed using cellophane tape. You can also use baking soda, ice packs or calamine lotion for the sting.

Mary Berry

Dame Mary Rosa Alleyne Hunnings (; born 24 March 1935), known professionally as Mary Berry, is a British food writer, chef and television presenter. She was born in Bath, Somerset.

She has published more than 75 cookery books, including her best-selling "Baking Bible" in 2009. Her first book was "The Hamlyn All Colour Cookbook" in 1970. 

She hosted several television series for the BBC and Thames Television. Berry has appeared on "Woman's Hour" and "Saturday Kitchen". She was a judge on the BBC One (originally BBC Two) television programme "The Great British Bake Off" from 2010 until 2016.

In 2020, Berry was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire.

Paul Smith (fashion designer)

Sir Paul Smith (born 5 July 1946) is a British fashion designer. He is known for his designs for men's clothing.

Smith was made a Royal Designer for Industry in 1991 and was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in the 2000 Queen's Birthday Honours List.

Tommy Steele

Sir Thomas Hicks, (born 17 December 1936), known professionally as Tommy Steele, is an English rock singer, guitarist and actor. He was born in London. He reached number one with "Singing the Blues" in 1957.

Brendan Foster

Sir Brendan Foster (born 12 January 1948) is a British former long-distance runner, athletics commentator and road race organiser.

He founded the Great North Run, one of the sport's most high profile half-marathon races. Foster was born in Hebburn, South Tyneside.

As an athlete, he won the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1976 Summer Olympics, and the gold medal in the 5,000 metres at the 1974 European Championships and the 10,000 metres at the 1978 Commonwealth Games. 

Louie Gohmert

Louis Buller Gohmert Jr. (; born August 18, 1953) is an American attorney and former judge. He was a member of the U.S. Representative from Texas's 1st congressional district from 2005 to 2023. Gohmert is a member of the Republican Party and was part of the Tea Party movement.

In January 2015, he unsuccessfully ran against John Boehner for the position of Speaker of the House of Representatives.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, he became known for his criticism of wearing surgical masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19. In July 2020, Gohmert tested positive for the disease.

In July 2020, Gohmert proposed to ban the Democratic Party over their past support for slavery during the Civil War era.

In November 2021, Gohmert announced his plans to run for Texas Attorney General in the 2022 election. He lost the Republican nomination in the first round of voting.

Pete Aguilar

Peter Rey Aguilar (born June 19, 1979) is a Mexican-American politician. He is the U.S. Representative from California's 31st congressional district. He is a member of the Democrat. He was Mayor of Redlands, California from 2010 to 2014.

Aguilar is a Chief Deputy Whip in the House Democratic Caucus and Whip of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. Aguilar was vice chair of the House Democratic Caucus. In 2022, he was elected Chair of the House Democratic Caucus, making him the highest-ranking Latino in Congress.

Jay Kim

Jay Chang Joon Kim (; born March 27, 1939) is a Korean-American politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from California between 1993 to 1999. He was the first Korean American to be elected to the United States Congress. Kim was born in present-day Seoul.

Kadeeded

Kadeeded () is a comedy variety show that first aired on Saturday September 9, 2000 on Channel 7 HD by Kantana Group Public Company Limited incollaboration with Imagination Rim Company Limited. Produced this show Broadcast every Saturday from 1:15 PM. - 2:30 PM. The host is Phisit Kiratikarnkun (Whong)


Oldambt

Oldambt is a municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 38,129 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2010 from the former municipalities of Reiderland, Scheemda and Winschoten.


Pekela

Pekela is a municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 12,214 people lived there.


Westerkwartier

Westerkwartier is a municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 63,031 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Grootegast, Leek, Marum, Zuidhorn and partly Winsum.


Revolver (disambiguation)

A revolver is a type of firearm.

Revolver may also refer to:











Leek, Netherlands

Leek is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Westerkwartier.


Grootegast

Grootegast is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Westerkwartier.

Russell's teapot

Russell's teapot is an analogy by the philosopher Bertrand Russell (1872–1970) to show that the philosophic burden of proof belongs to a person making a claim that cannot be proven false, instead of other people "disproving" these claims. 

Russell used his analogy for religion. He wrote that if he were to say without proof, that a teapot, too small to be seen by telescopes, orbits the Sun somewhere in space between the Earth and Mars, he could not expect anyone to believe him because his claim could not be proven wrong.

Russell's teapot is still used to talk about the existence of God.

Veendam

Veendam is a municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 27,491 people lived there.


Burden of proof (philosophy)

The burden of proof (Latin: onus probandi) is the job of a person who is involved in a debate to show proof for their claim. 

When people are in a discussion and one makes a claim that the other one does not agree with, the one who makes the claim has the burden "of proof". It means he must show proof of that claim, especially when it is controversial. 

Carl Sagan said that: "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" – which is known as the Sagan standard.

Often these philosophical debates moved from what the claim was to debating who has the "burden of proof" or the best proof for their claim.

The burden of proof also exclaims when the accuser makes an accusation, they have the burden of proof to prove that what they said is true with evidence.


Lexicology

Lexicology is the science of words and their meanings.

The word "lexicology" is a combination of Greek λεξικόν "lexicon", which means "of" or "for words", and Greek -λογία "-logia", "the study of".

Franeker

Franeker () is a city in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It is the capital of the municipality of Waadhoeke. As of 1 January 2014, 12,781 people lived there.

Best, Netherlands

Best is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 29,821 people lived there.

Halderberge

Halderberge is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 30,194 people lived there.

Boxtel

Boxtel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 33,000 people live there.

Boekel

Boekel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 10,588 people lived there.

Goirle

Goirle is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 23,793 people lived there.

Cuijk

Cuijk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 25,400 people lived there.

Cuijk has been a part of Land van Cuijk since 2022.

Lith

Lith is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2011, it has been part of the municipality of Oss.

Abyssal fan

Abyssal fans are underwater geological formations formed by turbidity currents. It is also called deep-sea fans, underwater deltas, and submarine fans. They can be several kilometres long to several thousands of kilometres long. The largest abyssal fan is the Bengal Fan.

Abyssal plain

An abyssal plain is an underwater plain on the deep ocean floor. It is usually found 3,000 metres (9,800 ft) and 6,000 metres (20,000 ft) below the surface of the water. Abyssal plains cover more than 50% of the Earth's surface. They are among the flattest and smoothest places on Earth.

Abyssal plains are believed to have lots of biodiversity. They are also play an important role in ocean carbon cycling, dissolution of calcium carbonate, and atmospheric CO concentrations over hundreds or thousand years. Abyssal plains also have hydrothermal vents and cold seeps.

Maasdonk

Maasdonk is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2015, it has become a part of the existing municipalities of 's-Hertogenbosch and Oss.

X-Men: Apocalypse

X-Men: Apocalypse is a 2016 superhero action thriller epic fantasy movie. It is based on the fictional Marvel Comics group named X-Men.

The movie is the ninth installment of the X-Men Cinematic Universe, is the sequel of "" and is the third movie of the "X-Men: Beginnings" quadrilogy.


Loon op Zand

Loon op Zand is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 23,327 people lived there.

Altena, Netherlands

Altena is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 55,489 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Aalburg, Werkendam, and Woudrichem.

Sint-Michielsgestel

Sint-Michielsgestel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 28,991 people lived there.

Asten, Netherlands

Asten is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 16,710 people lived there.

Boxmeer

Boxmeer is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 29,600 people lived there. 

Boxmeer has been a part of Land van Cuijk since 2022.

Daredevil (movie)

Daredevil is a 2003 American superhero movie directed and written by Mark Steven Johnson. It was based on the Marvel character Daredevil by Stan Lee. "Daredevil's" main actors are Ben Affleck, Jennifer Garner, Michael Clarke Duncan, and Collin Farrell.


In November 2004, Johnson released a director's cut which restored 30 minutes of footage including a subplot with Coolio as Dante Jackson.

Fantastic Four (2015 movie)

Fantastic Four is a 2015 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics comic "Fantastic Four". The movie was released in the United States on August 7, 2015.

It was very poorly received by audiences and critics.

Natural arch

A natural arch is a natural rock formation where an arch has formed with an opening under the arch. It is also called a natural bridge, or (less commonly) rock arch. Natural arches commonly form where inland cliffs, coastal cliffs, fins or stacks are eroded by the sea, rivers or weathering.

Most natural arches are formed from narrow fins and sea stacks that is made up of sandstone or limestone.

Mortal Kombat 11

Mortal Kombat 11 is a fighting video game. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It is the eleventh main game in the "Mortal Kombat" series.




Richard Epcar

Richard Michael Epcar (born April 29, 1955) is an American voice actor. He is the voice of Raiden in "Mortal Kombat", of The Joker in "" and of Ansem in "Kingdom Hearts". He was also the voice of Brick Bully in Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers.

Injustice: Gods Among Us

Injustice: Gods Among Us is a fighting video game. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It is the first main game in the "Injustice" series based on characters from DC Comics.




Linked list

In computer science, a linked list is a data structure that is a linear collection of items whose order is not given by their physical placement in memory. Instead, each item links to the next item. The last item links to a terminator used to mark the end of the list.

Item reverseList(Item head) {

Injustice 2

Injustice 2 is a fighting video game. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It is the second main game in the "Injustice" series based on characters from DC Comics.




Blade: Trinity

Blade: Trinity is a 2004 American vampire superhero horror movie starring Wesley Snipes.

Spawn (character)

Spawn is a fictional character, a comic book superhero/antihero published by Image Comics. He was created by Todd McFarlane. He appears as a playable guest character in both Soulcalibur II and Mortal Kombat 11.

Spawn has appeared in movies, TV series and video games; he was played by Michael Jai White in a 1997 movie. On animated shows/movies/games he is portrayed by Keith David and Kevin Michael Richardson.

Tree (data structure)

In computer science, a tree is a graph data structure composed of items that have child items. Trees have an item called a root. No item has the root as a child. Trees may not have cycles. Items may contain a reference to their parent. An item is a leaf if it has no children. The height of an item is the length of the longest downward path to a leaf from that item. The height of the root is the height of the tree. The depth of an item is the length of the path to the tree's root, tree roots can be infinite.



Scorpion (Mortal Kombat)

Scorpion is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles.

He was portrayed in games by Ed Boon and Patrick Seitz.

Saint-Léger-sous-Brienne

Saint-Léger-sous-Brienne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Léger-sous-Margerie

Saint-Léger-sous-Margerie is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Loup-de-Buffigny

Saint-Loup-de-Buffigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Lupien

Saint-Lupien is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Saint-Lyé

Saint-Lyé is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Eersel

Eersel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. As of 2021, about 19,500 people are living there.

Bergen op Zoom

Bergen op Zoom is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 66,811 people lived there.

Bergeijk

Bergeijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 18,491 people lived there.

Binary tree

In computer science, a binary tree is a type of tree (data structure) where each item 
within the tree has at most two children.


A binary tree can be implemented using an array by storing its level-order traversal. In a zero-indexed array, the root is often stored at index 1.

For the "nth" item of the array its:

In a programming language with references, binary trees are typically constructed by having a tree structure which contains references to its left child and its right child.

The current item is visited, then the left branch is visited, and then the right branch is visited.

void preOrder(Item item) {

The left branch is visited, then the current item is visited, and then the right branch is visited.

void inOrder(Item item) {

The left branch is visited, the right branch is visited, and then the current item is visited.

void postOrder(Item item) {

New Democracy (Greece)

New Democracy (ND; , "Nea Dimokratia") is a liberal-conservative political party in Greece. Konstantinos Karamanlis founded the party in 1974. It is a far-right party, with many liberal ideas. Its main rival is the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, commonly known as PASOK.

João Cancelo

João Pedro Cavaco Cancelo (born 27 May 1994) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as either a right back, left back, or right winger for Barcelona on loan from Manchester City, and the Portugal national team.

Cancelo was born in Barreiro, which is a city in the District of Setúbal. He joined SL Benfica's youth academy in 2007.

He made his debut for Benfica on July 28, 2012. The match was a friendly match against Gil Vicente. Despite being registered with the reserve team, he was talked about as a possible replacement to Maxi Pereira. He made his professional debut on January 25, 2014. The match was a Taça da Liga 3rd round match against Gil Vicente, where he came on as a substitute for André Almeida in the 82nd minute. His only league match for Benfica was a 2-1 loss against FC Porto. 

Cancelo joined Valencia on August 20, 2014 on a one year loan, with an option to buy for €15 million. He made his La Liga debut on September 25 2014, in a 3-0 win against Córdoba. He was awarded the man of the match on April 12, 2015, after a 3-0 win against Levante. He only made 13 appearances in the 2014-15 season, as he was mainly the backup of Antonio Barragán. On May 25, Cancelo agreed a permanant contract with Valencia until June 30, 2021. The transfer fee was €15 million.

On September 16, 2015, Cancelo made his UEFA Champions League debut. The match was a 3-2 loss against Zenit Saint Petersburg, where he scored 1 goal. The goal made him the 5th youngest Champions League scorer, aged 21 years and 107 days old. On April 20, 2016, he would score his first league goal for Valenica. The match was a 4-0 win against Eibar.

On August 22, 2017, Cancelo joined Inter Milan on a one-year loan until June 30, 2018, with an option to make the transfer permanent. The deal also saw Geoffrey Kondogbia join Valencia on loan. He made his Serie A debut on August 26, 2017 in a 3-1 win against AS Roma. He would suffer a knee ligament injury in late August 2017, while on international duty. His first game back from injury was a 3-2 win on October 15, 2018 against AC Milan.He was a member of the 2017-18 Serie A Team of the Year After the season, Inter Milan decided to not make the loan permanent.

On June 27, 2018, Juventus signed João Cancelo on a 5-year contract for €40.4 million. He made his Juventus debut on August 18, in a 3-2 win against ChievoVerona. He won his first trophy with Juventus on January 16, 2019, when Juventus beat AC Milan 1-0 in the 2018 Supercoppa Italiana. He would play in the "Scudetto"-winning match, where Juventus won 2-1 against Fiorentina.

On 7 August 2019, Cancelo joined English Premier League champions Manchester City. The deal was a six-year deal worth £27.4 million, with Danilo joining Juventus as part of the deal, equalling to £60 million. This made João Cancelo the most expensive right-back ever. He made his Premier League debut on August 25, 2019 in a 3-1 win against Bournemouth, where he came on as a substitute for Kyle Walker. He scored his first goal for Manchester City on December 18, 2019, in a 3–1 win against Oxford United in the EFL Cup quarter-finals.

He made his first start of the 2020-21 season on October 17, 2020 due to injury.The match was a 1–0 win against Arsenal. On November 3, 2020, Cancelo scored his first Champions League goal for Manchester City in a 3–0 win against Greek team Olympiacos. His first league goal of the season happened on January 26, 2021. In that match, Cancelo scored the 2nd goal in a 5–0 win against West Bromwich Albion. He was named in the 2020-21 PFA Team of the Year.
On October 17, 2021, Cancelo scored his first goal of the season for Manchester City. The goal was scored in a 6–3 win against RB Leipzig in the UEFA Champions League group stage. On November 3rd, Cancelo provided a hat-trick of assists in a 4–1 win against Club Brugge in the Champions League group stage.

Cancelo represented Portugal at the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Championship and at the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Championship in Lithuania.

With the Portugal under-20s, Cancelo appeared at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup and at the 2014 Toulon Tournament.

Cancelo was part of the Portugal under-21 squad that played in the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship. His only appearance in the tournament was as a substitute for Raphaël Guerreiro in the semi-finals. The match was a 5-0 win against Germany.

Cancelo was called up to the Portugal national team for the first time on August 26, 2016. In his first mach for Portugal, he scored the 3rd goal in a 5-0 friendly win against Gibraltar. In May 2018, Cancelo was included in the preliminary 35-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia, but he did not make the final team.

On May 20, 2021, it was confirmed that Cancelo was selected for Portugual's Euro 2020 squad. However, he had to withdraw due to testing positive for COVID-19.

Benfica

Juventus

Manchester City

Portugal U21

Portugal

Individual


João Félix

João Félix Sequeira (born 10 November 1999) is a Portuguese professional footballer/soccer player. He plays as a forward for Premier League club FC Barcelona, on loan from La Liga club Atlético Madrid, and the Portugal national team. At 18, he became the youngest ever player to score a hat-trick in the UEFA Europa League.

Benfica

Atletico Madrid

Portugal

Individual

John Rambo

John Rambo is a fictional character from the "Rambo" media franchise. He first appeared in the 1972 novel "First Blood" by David Morrell, before appearing in the series of movies "First Blood" (1982), "" (1985), "Rambo III" (1988) and "Rambo IV" (2008).

He has been portrayed in the movies by Sylvester Stallone and in Mortal Kombat 11 with Stallone returning.

Bruno Alves

Bruno Eduardo Regufe Alves (born 27 November 1981) is a Portuguese professional footballer. He plays as a center back who plays for Italian club Parma Calcio 1913, who he captains.

Porto

Zenit Saint Petersburg

Fenerbahçe

Portugal U21

Portugal B

Portugal

Individual

Orders


Breadth-first search

In computer science, breadth-first search (BFS) is a method used for traversing a graph. It starts at any item you want to use as a starting position in a graph, and explores all of the neighbor items at the present depth before to moving on to the items at the next depth level. A breadth-first search done on a tree (data structure) is called a level-order traversal.

void breadthFirstSearch(Item root) {
Though they have usage in a variety of disciplines, breadth first search algorithms are most often associated with finding the shortest distance between two points, such as on a map. 


The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (movie)

The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (also known as The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3) is a 1974 American action thriller movie directed by Joseph Sargent and was based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Morton Freedgood. It stars Walter Matthau, Robert Shaw, Hector Elizondo, Martin Balsam, James Broderick, Earl Hindman, Jerry Stiller, Doris Roberts, Lee Wallace, Dick O'Neill and was distributed by United Artists.


Depth-first search

In computer science, depth-first search (DFS) is a method used for traversing a graph. It starts at an arbitrary item of a graph and explores as far as possible along each branch before backtracking.

void depthFirstSearch(Item root) {
An example: To make a program that searches all the files on your computer, it has to be able to keep track of which folders it has already searched through, so it doesn't look through the same folder twice. So it does this: inside each folder, it goes as far down into subfolders as it can. Every time it checks something to see if it matches, it will write it down on the list as "already searched". Then it will leave and go to the next subfolder. If there are no subfolders left, it will backtrack another step and look in the next bigger folder. It does this until it has looked through everything.
We know that this is the best way to make sure the search program looks through every folder and file once, and only once, because graph theory has proved it.


Tracy Reiner

Tracy Reiner (born Tracy Henry; July 7, 1964) is an American actress, known for her roles in "When Harry Met Sally...", "Masque of the Red Death", "A League of Their Own", and "Apollo 13".

Reiner was born Tracy Henry in Albuquerque, New Mexico, the daughter of Penny Marshall and Michael Henry. She is filmmaker Garry Marshall's niece. Her mother was married for 10 years to Rob Reiner, who adopted her and raised her as his own. Her mother is of Italian, English, German and Scottish descent. Reiner's adoptive paternal grandparents are Carl Reiner (1922–2020) and Estelle Reiner (1914–2008). Growing up, 15 of Reiner's relatives were employed at labs run by the United States Atomic Energy Commission.

Reiner is married and has five children.

Bidirectional search

In computer science, bidirectional search is a method used for finding the shortest path between two items in a graph. It runs two simultaneous searches starting from the two items.

The example below uses two simultaneous breadth-first searches. 

void bidirectionalSearch(Item a, Item b) {


Heap (data structure)

In computer science, a heap is a type of tree (data structure) that satisfies the heap property. Heaps are useful when you need to remove the item with the highest (or lowest) value. A common implementation of a heap is the binary heap in which the tree is a complete binary tree.




Certificate of origin

Certificate of Origin (abbreviated as C/O or CO) is a document used in trade between countries. Certificate of Origin gives information about the manufacturing country and required by the Customs department of the importing country to clear the items upon arrival. It is issued by the Chamber of Commerce of the exporting country.


Used when trade take place according to free trade agreements between countries. This is required to get the benefits according to the free trade agreement. The certificate will include the country of origin and the name of trade agreement.

This is required to get the items cleared from the customs by proving the items are not from a country that is banned from importing. The certificate will include the country of origin but bot the name of the trade agreement.

Tots TV

Tots TV is a British children's television programme made by Ragdoll Productions and Central.

The programme has three ragdoll friends. They are Tilly, Tom and Tine. Tilly is a French girl with red hair and white skin. she speaks in basic French. This is changed to English in Latin American broadcasts and Spanish in the American version). Tom is a blue-haired boy with dark skin and glasses. Tiny is the youngest Tot. He is smaller than the others and has green hair and white skin. The programme also includes their pet Donkey. He lived in a stable next to the tots' secret house. There was also a small dog named Furryboo that the tots never knew about.

"Tots TV" was written by two of its puppeteers Robin Stevens (Tom) and Andrew Davenport (Tiny). Tilly was played by three actresses. They were Véronique Deroulede, Claire Carre and Alexandra Hogg. The series won two BAFTA awards for its producer Anne Wood and director Vic Finch. The progrmme was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on the ITV network (as part of CITV). CBeebies, the BBC's television channel for young children, picked up the series from 2004. It started being shown on BBC Two and the CBeebies channel on the 19 April.

The series was also broadcast in the United States on the PBS network from 1996 to 2002. In the American version, Tilly spoke Spanish instead of French. In 2000 Discovery Kids broadcast the series throughout Central and South America, the Caribbean and the Falkland Islands.


Game Over

Game Over is a 2004 American adult computer-animated sitcom created by David Sacks (who would later become president of Nickelodeon Animation Studio), produced by Carsey-Werner Productions and broadcast on UPN in 2004. It was cancelled after five episodes.

"Game Over" (the title was inspired by the phrase "game over" that commonly concludes video games) focused on what happens to video game characters after the game ends. The show recounted the lives of the Smashenburns, a far-from-ordinary suburban family that lives in an alternate video game universe.

The show made numerous references to video games and even featured certain game characters as cameos. For example, "Crash Bandicoot" appears on a Got Milk? billboard whilst creatures from "" appear in one of the episodes.

Marisa Tomei voiced Raquel Smashenburn in the series' unaired pilot episode, but scheduling problems made Lucy Liu take over the role for the actual series.

"Game Over" was heavily hyped by UPN before its debut. The series generally received positive press upon its airing. Despite this, only six episodes were made, which aired on a variety of different days – the fourth and fifth episodes were broadcast on April 2, 2004 and the sixth episode ("Monkey Dearest") was not aired.


Zhabinka

Zhabinka (, ; ; "Zhabinke", ) is a city of Brest Region. It is placed in the southwest of Belarus, near Brest. It is the administrative center of the Zhabinka District. In 2019, 14,577 people lived there.


Camillo Bazzoni

Camillo Bazzoni (29 December 1934 – 8 October 2020) was an Italian cinematographer and movie director. He was born in Salsomaggiore Terme, Italy. His career began in 1960. From 1967 he worked as cinematographer with Lina Wertmüller, Mario Monicelli, Salvatore Samperi, Massimo Troisi, Franco Rossi. 

His first movie as a director was "Suicide Commando", and a spaghetti western, "A Long Ride from Hell".

Bazzoni died on 8 October 2020 at the age of 85.

Miguel Giubergia

Miguel Giubergia (17 April 1953 – 8 October 2020) was a Argentine politician. He was a Deputy from 1999 to 2011. Giubergia was a member of the Radical Civic Union. He was born in Jujuy Province, Argentina.

Giubergia died on 8 October 2020 from COVID-19 in Jujuy Province at the age of 67.

Len Rossi

Len Rossi (born Len Rositano; September 24, 1929 – October 9, 2020) was an American professional wrestler. He competed throughout the National Wrestling Alliance from 1958 to 1972. 

Rossi was also a member of both the NWA Hall of Fame in 2016 and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2004. He was born in Utica, New York.

Rossi died on October 9, 2020 from cancer in Nolensville, Tennessee at the age of 91.

Nolensville, Tennessee

Nolensville is a town in Williamson County, Tennessee. The population was 13,829 at the 2020 census.

Vijay (director)

Vijay Reddy (1936 – 9 October 2020) was an Indian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Tadepalligudem, Andhra Pradesh. His career began in 1970 and he retired in 2003. He directed "Gandhada Gudi", "Mayura" and "Mojugara Sogasugara". His first movie was "Rangamahal Rahasya" and his last was "Hrudayanjali".

Vijay died at a hospital in Chennai on 9 October 2020 from cardiac arrest at the age of 84.

Cecil Thiré

Cecil Aldary Portocarrero Thiré (May 28, 1943 – October 9, 2020) was a Brazilian actor and director. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. His career began in 1962. He was known for his works in "The Guns", "A Padroeira" and "Celebridade".

Thiré died on October 9, 2020 from Parkinson's disease-related problems in Rio de Janeiro, aged 77.


Kerry Roberts

Kerry E. Roberts is a Republican politician and radio personality. He is a member of the Tennessee Senate for the 25th district since 2015. From 2011 to 2013, he represented the 18th district.

In January 2020, Roberts left his weekly radio show on Springfield's WDBL and moved to Nashville's WLAC. He was born in Bedford, Indiana.

Roberts was hospitalized in October 2020 in Nashville, Tennessee after having an aneurysm.

Dune (2021 movie)

Dune is an epic science fiction movie directed by Denis Villeneuve. It is the first of two movies based off of the 1965 book of the same name by Frank Herbert. It stars Timothée Chalamet, Rebecca Ferguson, Oscar Isaac, Josh Brolin, Stellan Skarsgård, Dave Bautista, Stephen McKinley Henderson, Zendaya, David Dastmalchian, Chang Chen, Sharon Duncan-Brewster, Charlotte Rampling, Jason Momoa and Javier Bardem. "Dune" was released in movie theatres in the United States on October 22, 2021, by Warner Bros. Pictures. Many people who watched it really enjoyed it, including casual movie-goers and professional film reviewers. The movie made $401.8 million in the box office.

Timothée Chalamet

Timothée Hal Chalamet (born December 27, 1995) is an American-French actor. He has won several awards for his work.

He became known after appearing in the drama series "Homeland" in 2014. Chalamet starred in Christopher Nolan's science-fiction movie "Interstellar." In 2017, Chalamet starred in the romantic drama "Call Me by Your Name". He has appeared in other films and television shows including "Little Women". Chalamet also had leading roles in "Dune" and "Wonka".

Chalamet was born in New York to an American mother of Russian and Austrian descent and a French father.

He lives in both New York and California. In 2023, it was reported that he was dating Kylie Jenner.

Frank Herbert

Franklin Patrick Herbert Jr. (October 8, 1920 – February 11, 1986) was an American science-fiction author best known for the 1965 novel "Dune" and its five sequels.

Herbert died of a pulmonary embolism while recovering from pancreatic cancer surgery on February 11, 1986.


Josh Cooley

Joshua Cooley (born May 23, 1980) is an American animator, screenwriter, director and voice actor. He is best known for working on the 2015 Pixar animated movie "Inside Out" and directing the short movie "Riley's First Date?". He directed "Toy Story 4".

Marc Evan Jackson

Marc Evan Jackson (born August 21, 1970) is an American comedian and actor. He is best known for his work as Sparks Nevada in the "Thrilling Adventure Hour", Kevin Cozner in "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", Trevor Nelsson in "Parks and Recreation", Dr. Murphy in "22 Jump Street", and Shawn in "The Good Place".

Little Miss Marker (1980 movie)

Little Miss Marker is a 1980 American comedy-drama movie directed by Walter Bernstein and was based on the short story by Damon Runyon. It stars Walter Matthau, Tony Curtis, Julie Andrews, Bob Newhart, Brian Dennehy, Lee Grant and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It is the fourth version of the 1934 movie "Little Miss Marker".


Hannah Arendt

Johanna "Hannah" Arendt (14 October 1906 – 4 December 1975) was a German-born political philosopher. 

She was born in Hanover in western Germany but grew up largely in Königsberg in East Prussia. She studied at the University of Marburg under philosopher Martin Heidegger and at the University of Heidelberg under philosopher Karl Jaspers. Because of her Jewish background she fled from Nazi Germany in the 1930s, and settled in the United States in 1941 (she became an American citizen in 1950).

Arendt was also active as a journalist and a university professor. She didn't like to be called philosopher, and also didn't like the term political philosophy. In 1959, she was the first woman to teach at Princeton University.

Between 1963 and 1967 she taught at University of Chicago, and from 1975 at The New School, in New York. 

Arendt is best known for two major works that had a large impact: The first one is the book "The Origins of Totalitarianism" (published in 1951), which was a study of the Nazi and Stalin regimes. The second major work, "The Human Condition" (published in 1958), was a philosophical book on the human nature and human activities throughout Western history. Over the years, she published several influential essays on topics such as revolution, freedom, authority, tradition and the modern age.

In 1961, she attended the trial of Nazi criminal Adolf Eichmann in Israel and wrote thereafter "Eichmann in Jerusalem" in 1963. In this book she launches the idea which she calls "the banality of evil": a person accused of terrible crimes did not perform these atrocities because of an immoral conviction but as an everyday person who 'did just his job'.

Hannah Arendt died at the age of 69 in her hometown New York City.

Batman: Arkham Asylum

Batman: Arkham Asylum is an action-adventure video game made by Rocksteady Studios. It can be played on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The game is based on the DC Comics superhero Batman and is the first in the "Batman: Arkham" series. It was released worldwide by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment on August 25, 2009.

It had Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill as the voices of Batman and the Joker.


Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep

Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep is a PlayStation Portable video game from the "Kingdom Hearts" series. It has the characters of the Final Fantasy series and Walt Disney characters; for example Donald Duck, Goofy and Mickey Mouse. The game is set ten years before Sora begins his journey. It was released in Japan on January 9, 2010, in North America on September 7, 2010, and in Europe on September 10, 2010. The player controls Terra, Aqua and Ventus in a storyline.

"Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix" is a reissue of the game that was released only in Japan on January 20, 2011. It has more content than "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep", including new areas, new battles, and a new secret ending. It is also for the PlayStation Portable.


Bernheze

Bernheze is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 30,806 people lived there.

Bladel

Bladel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 20,175 people lived there.

Batman: Arkham Knight

Batman: Arkham Knight is an action-adventure video game made by Rocksteady Studios. It can be played on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. The game is based on the DC Comics superhero Batman and is the fourth in the "Batman: Arkham" series. It was released worldwide by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment on June 23, 2015.

It had Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill as the voices of Batman and the Joker with John Noble as the voice of Scarecrow.

The game allows players to drive the Batmobile. The Batmobile can be use to the player's area.


List of governors of Lagos State

This is a list of administrators and governors of Lagos State.. Lagos State was formed in 1967-05-27 from Colony province and Lagos federal territory. The Office is responsible for the effective coordination of all government activities for Lagos State.

Cranendonck

Cranendonck is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 20,440 people lived there.

Aalburg

Aalburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Altena.

Werkendam

Werkendam is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Altena.

Woudrichem

Woudrichem is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Altena.

Schijndel

Schijndel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2017, it has been part of the new municipality of Meierijstad.

Sint-Oedenrode

Sint-Oedenrode is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2017, it has been part of the new municipality of Meierijstad.

Veghel

Veghel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. Since 2017, it has been part of the new municipality of Meierijstad.

Rui Costa

Rui Manuel César Costa (; born 29 March 1972) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who is the 34th president of sports club S.L. Benfica. He also succeeded Luís Filipe Vieira as president of the club's SAD board of directors.

Benfica

Fiorentina

Milan

Portugal




Rui Patrício

Rui Pedro dos Santos Patrício (born 15 February 1988) is a Portuguese professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for English club Wolverhampton Wanderers and the Portugal national team.

Sporting

Portugal



Univision (disambiguation)

Univision this of a:
João Pinto

João Manuel Vieira Pinto (; born 19 August 1971) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer. He played mostly as a forward.

Boavista

Benfica

Sporting

Portugal



Rot-Weiss Essen

Rot-Weiss Essen is a German association football club based in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia. The club currently plays in the Regionalliga West, at the Stadion Essen.

The club's honours:




Deurne, Netherlands

Deurne is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 32,362 people lived there.

Sly 2: Band of Thieves

Sly 2: Band of Thieves is a video game from the "Sly Cooper" series for the PlayStation 2. It was released in September 14, 2004.

In "Sly 2: Band of Thieves", the player controls either Sly, Bentley and Murray. 

In Cairo, Sly, Bentley and Murray check out the museum to steal the Clockwork Parts. However, they were already taken before the three got here.

The game is universally loved and is said by many as one of the best PlayStation 2 games of all time.

Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus

Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus is a video game from the "Sly Cooper" series for the PlayStation 2. It was released in September 2002. In this game, you play as Sly Cooper and attempt to get the pages of the Thievius Raccoonus (a book) back.

After the tragic murder of his parents and robbery of his family treasure (the Thievius Raccoonus) by the Fiendish Five, the protagonist of the game Sly Cooper was put into an orphanage. There he meets his lifelong friends and partners in crime, a hyperintelligent turtle called Bentley and a van loving hippopotamus called Murray. At the orphanage they decide to help Sly in his mission to regaining his family legacy and take down the Fiendish Five which consisted of a group of villains called Raleigh, Muggshot, Mz. Ruby, Panda King, and their leader Clockwerk who each possessed 1/5th of the Thievius Raccoonus. As the game progresses you take down each member of the Fiendish Five and regain a section of the Theivius Raccoonus. 

"Sly Cooper" is a 3D platformer. Sly has jumping and stealth abilities. You explore each level with the end goal of finding a key as well as collecting clues along the way in order to unlock a safe which will contain a new abilities, upgrade, or information. 

Onitsha

Onitsha ( or just Ọ̀nị̀chà) is a city on the east side of the Nigeria River, in Nigeria's Anambra State. It has a river port. In 2006, around 260,000 people lived there. It was also the largest city in Biafra.

Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves

Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves is a video game from the "Sly Cooper" series for the PlayStation 2. It was released in September 14, 2005.

In "Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves", the player controls either Sly, Bentley and Murray with additional characters as the game progresses. 

On Kaine Island, Sly and his gang are ready to unlock the Cooper Vault. For the following parts, the player sees how Sly got his gang together.

The Boss Baby

The Boss Baby is a 2017 American computer-animated comedy family movie produced by DreamWorks Animation for 20th Century Fox and on the book of the same name by Marla Frazee.

The movie is directed by Tom McGrath. It stars the voices of Alec Baldwin, Miles Bakshi, Steve Buscemi, Jimmy Kimmel, Lisa Kudrow, and Tobey Maguire.

The Boss Baby was released digitally on March 12, 2017, and was released on March 31. In 2018, a computer-animated series based on the film and The Boss Baby book by Marla Frazee was made, which was called . A sequel to the film, which was called was released in 2021. Another sequel to the film is also in development.

A new baby's arrival impacts a family, told from the point of view of a delightfully unreliable narrator -- a wildly imaginative 7-year-old named Tim. The most unusual Boss Baby (Alec Baldwin) arrives at Tim's home in a taxi, wearing a suit and carrying a briefcase. The instant sibling rivalry must soon be put aside when Tim discovers that Boss Baby is actually a spy on a secret mission, and only he can help thwart a dastardly plot that involves an epic battle between puppies and babies.


Barrier island

Barrier islands are landforms which are flat or lumpy areas of sand. It is formed by waves and tides. They usually occur in chains. It can consist from a few islands to more than a dozen. They can change during storms and other actions. The longest and widest barrier island is Padre Island of Texas.

Jorge Garcia

Jorge Garcia (born April 28, 1973) is an American movie, television and voice actor. He is known for his roles as Germur on "Rock Dog" and as Rodrigo on "Phineas and Ferb." He also appeared in "BoJack Horseman." He starred on "Lost" from 2004 to 2010.

Baymouth bar

A baymouth bar is a landform that forms because of longshore drift. It is a sandbank that partially or completely closes a bay. They are usually made up of gravel and sand.

Dongen

Dongen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 26,051 people lived there.

Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten

Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 23,186 people lived there.

Zundert

Zundert is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 21,612 people lived there.

Post-impressionist painter Vincent van Gogh was born here.

Etten-Leur

Etten-Leur is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 43,774 people lived there.

Neo (The Matrix)

Neo is the main character of "The Matrix" franchise. He is portrayed by Keanu Reeves.

Thomas A. Anderson is a hacker. He was given a call from Morpheus to take either a red pill or a blue pill. Neo took the red pill and got into the real world.

Waalre

Waalre is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 17,247 people lived there.

Jak II

Jak II is a video game for Sony's PlayStation 2 made by Naughty Dog. It is the second game in the "Jak and Daxter" series.

Jak, Daxter and Keira test out a Precursor artifact, with a giant creature being summoned. They get sucked into the portal, with Jak and Daxter landing in a dystopian city called Haven City. Jak has been tortured for two years by Baron Praxis and is able to speak.

Beek

Beek is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 15,929 people lived there.

Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time

Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time is a video game from the "Sly Cooper" series for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita. It was released in February 2013.

In "Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time", the player controls either Sly, Bentley, Murray, Carmelita and Sly's ancestors in each level. 

The pages of the Thievius Raccoonus vanished after someone took out Sly's ancestors.

Mook en Middelaar

Mook en Middelaar is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 7,806 people lived there.

The Animatrix

The Animatrix is a 2003 anime movie anthology with nine shorts. It is based on "The Matrix" series.


Geertruidenberg

Geertruidenberg is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 21,515 people lived there.

NGC 744

NGC 744 is an open cluster in the Perseus constellation, discovered by John Herschel in 1831.

Geldrop-Mierlo

Geldrop-Mierlo is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 39,595 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2004 from the former municipalities of Geldrop and Mierlo.

Mortal Kombat (2011 video game)

Mortal Kombat is a fighting video game. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It is the ninth main game in the "Mortal Kombat" series.

The game was released on April 3, 2011 for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows.

The energy meter allows the player to use techniques like the brutal X-Ray moves, with some refinements made to their system.




Canton, Connecticut

Canton is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

East Hartford, Connecticut

East Hartford is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Deaver, Wyoming

Deaver is a town in Wyoming in the United States.

Majin Buu

Majin Buu is a fictional character from the manga Dragon Ball and anime Dragon Ball Z. He also appears in Dragon Ball GT and Dragon Ball Super. 

Buu is an ancient being sealed by Babidi. He wants to destroy the world and transform people into candy.

Majin Buu has been voiced by Josh Martin for the Funimation dub.

The Wolverine (movie)

The Wolverine is a 2013 superhero drama thriller action movie based upon the fictional character known as Wolverine.

The movie was directed by James Mangold.

In Japan, Logan stays there to calm himself down since Jean Grey died.


X-Men: First Class

X-Men: First Class is a 2011 superhero action thriller epic fantasy movie. It is based on the fictional Marvel Comics group named X-Men.

The movie is the fifth installment of the X-Men Cinematic Universe and is the first movie of the "X-Men: Beginnings" series.


No Good Deed (movie)

No Good Deed is a 2017 superhero comedy movie based upon the fictional character known as Deadpool.

The movie was directed by David Leitch.

Deadpool spots an elderly man getting mugged and decides to change into his supersuit in a phone booth. However, he stayed in for a little too long before the man was killed. He wondered why a phone booth still exists.

Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation

Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation (also called Hotel Transylvania 3: A Monster Vacation) is a 2018 American computer-animated comedy movie. It was produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation. This is the sequel to Hotel Transylvania 2.

The movie is starring Adam Sandler as the voice of Dracula and Selena Gomez as Mavis, Dracula's daughter, and features Asher Blinkoff as Dennis.

The monster family goes on a luxury cruise ship so Dracula can take a summer vacation from the hotel. It's smooth sailing for the pack as they indulge in all of the fun things the cruise has to offer, including monster volleyball, exotic excursions and catching up on their moon tans. However, the dream vacation soon turns into a nightmare when Mavis realizes Drac has fallen for the mysterious captain of the ship, Ericka (Kathryn Hahn), who hides a dangerous secret that could destroy them all.

Elektra (movie)

Elektra is a 2005 American superhero movie directed by Rob Bowman. It was based on the Marvel character Elektra by Frank Miller. "Elektra's" main actors are Jennifer Garner, Goran Višnjić and Will Yun Lee.

Ansu Fati

Anssumane "Ansu" Fati Vieira (born 31 October 2002) is a Spanish professional footballer. He plays as a left winger for Barcelona and the Spain national team. He was born in Guinea-Bissau but represents Spain internationally.

"Scores and results list Spain's goal tally first."

Individual


Dani Olmo

Daniel Olmo Carvajal (born 7 May 1998) is a Spanish professional footballer. He plays as an attacking midfielder or as a winger for Bundesliga club RB Leipzig and the Spain national team.

Dinamo Zagreb

Spain U21

International
National and regional


Old School (movie)

Old School is a 2003 American comedy movie directed and cowritten by Todd Phillips. It stars Luke Wilson, Will Ferrell and Vince Vaughn as three adults starting a fraternity.


Santi Carzola

Santiago "Santi" Cazorla González (; born 13 December 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Segunda División club Real Oviedo.

Villarreal

Arsenal

Al Sadd 

Spain

Individual


EuroTrip

EuroTrip is a 2004 American comedy movie directed by Jeff Schaffer.
At the Class of 2004 Ohio High School graduation party, Scotty Thomas was dumped by Fiona, who started dating a rock singer. He made the song Scotty Doesn't Know, which is about his sexual acts towards Fiona while Scotty doesn't know about it. Scott has been exchanging emails with a German woman named Mieke. Scott believes that Mieke is a male name but his younger brother explained that Mieke is a common name for German women. Scott regrets not knowing that Mieke is a woman and plans to go to Europe with his pals Cooper Harris and twins Jenny and Jamie. The group travels from London to Bratislava. While drunk on Absinthe, Jenny and Jamie kiss, to Scott and Cooper's disgust.


The movie's script was titled "Ugly Americans" but DreamWorks Pictures wanted the title to be similar to their 2000 movie Road Trip. Todd Phillips was apparently unhappy that EuroTrip got promoted as from the same producers of his movies Road Trip and Old School. Shooting was done at Prague of the Czech Republic.

The movie had mixed reviews but didn't do much at the box office.

Pablo Sarabia

Pablo Sarabia García (; born 11 May 1992) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers and the Spain national team. Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also play as a right winger.

Sevilla

Paris Saint-Germain

Sporting CP

Spain U17

Spain U19

Spain U21

Spain

Individual


Road Trip (movie)

Road Trip is a 2000 American comedy movie. It was directed and cowritten by Todd Phillips. It stars Breckin Meyer, Seann William Scott and Tom Green as three college boys as they take on a road trip to collect an explicit tape.

Getafe CF

Getafe Club de Fútbol, or simply Getafe, is a Spanish football club based in Getafe, a city in the south of the Community of Madrid. The team competes in La Liga, the highest tier of the Spanish football system. The club's home stadium is Coliseum Alfonso Pérez which was opened in 1998 and has a capacity of 17,393. The club was founded in 1946 and refounded in 1983. Their main rival is CD Leganés, while they have a friendly rivalry against Atlético Madrid and Real Madrid. Getafe taked part in the top level of Spanish football for twelve years between 2004 and 2016, and again since 2017.




Murder on the Orient Express (1974 movie)

Murder on the Orient Express is a 1974 British American mystery movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. It stars Albert Finney, Ingrid Bergman, Martin Balsam, Lauren Bacall, Vanessa Redgrave, Jacqueline Bisset, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Sean Connery, John Gielgud, Anthony Perkins, Rachel Roberts, Michael York, Richard Widmark and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1975.


Wandolleck's white-lipped tree frog

Wandolleck's white-lipped tree frog ("Litoria albolabris") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists have only seen it in West Sepik Province on the northern coast of the island.

DiGeorge syndrome

DiGeorge syndrome, or 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, is a syndrome caused by the deletion of a small segment of chromosome 22. The symptoms are caused by the lack of those genes. 

The symptoms often include congenital heart problems, facial features, infections, developmental delay, learning problems and cleft palate. Other conditions include kidney problems, hearing loss and autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis or Graves disease.

DiGeorge syndrome is due to the deletion of 30 to 40 genes in the middle of chromosome 22 at a location known as "22q11.2". About 90% of cases occur due to a new mutation during early development, while 10% are inherited from a person's parents. 

The condition is autosomal dominant: only one affected chromosome is needed for the condition to occur. Diagnosis is suspected based on the symptoms and confirmed by genetic testing.

Although there is no cure, treatment can improve symptoms. This often includes efforts to improve the function of the many organ systems involved. Long-term outcomes depend on the symptoms present and the severity of the heart and immune system problems. With treatment, life expectancy may be normal.

DiGeorge syndrome occurs in about 1 in 4,000 people. The syndrome was first described in 1968 by American physician Angelo DiGeorge. In late 1981, the underlying genetics were determined.


Tag out

In baseball, a player from the batting team is out when a fielder touches them with the ball while they are not standing on a base.


Hopscotch (movie)

Hopscotch is a 1980 American spy adventure comedy movie directed by Ronald Neame and was based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Brian Garfield. It stars Walter Matthau, Glenda Jackson, Sam Waterston, Ned Beatty, Ivor Roberts, Herbert Lom, Severn Darden and was distributed by Embassy Pictures.


Elektryon

Elektryon was a king in ancient Greek mythology. He was king a small fishing town in Mycenae. Mycenae was part of Ancient Greece. He was the grandfather of the demigod Hercules. Elektryon's daughter Alcmene was Hercules' human mother and the god Zeus was Hercules' father. Elektryon became very sad when he found out his daughter Alcmene had had sexual intercourse with Zeus. He told Alcmene to leave, so she went to a farming region.
As Elektryon was leaving to avenge the murder of his sons by the Teleboeans, he was accidentally killed by Amphitryon, consequently before Amphitryon could consummate his marriage to Alkmene he had to complete Elektryon’s blood feud and avenge the death of her brothers; while Amphitryon was off on this quest, Zeus came to Alkmene disguised as Amphitryon and from this union came the mighty hero Herakles (Heracles).

Pi (movie)

Pi is a 1998 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Darren Aronofsky. It is about a mathematician who wants to know the secret of Pi.

Chapagetti

Chapagetti () is a brand of ramyeon produced by Nongshim in South Korea since 1984.


Samurai Jack

Samurai Jack is an American animated science fiction series created by Genndy Tartakovsky for the Cartoon Network.

In Ancient Japan, an evil demon named Aku unleashed his evil. A young samurai prince with a magic katana stepped forward to fight him. Aku used his evil powers to send the prince a millennia into the future.

When the samurai prince arrives in the future, he discovers that Aku has taken over the entire universe. It is the samurai's mission to get back to the past and stop Aku from taking over the universe.

The show is mainly set in "the future" or "Aku's future", where the entire planet has been taken over by Aku. The scenery ranges from a massive metropolis with flying vehicles to settings from different historical time periods.

There are also different elements of technology in the future. There is a character from a Scottish clan, there are robots, a wizard and 20th century gangsters.




Thing (comics)

Benjamin Joseph Grimm (also known as The Thing) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #1 in November 1961. Like the other founding members of the Fantastic Four, Ben received his powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm. His primary power is to clobber enemies. He has been adapted into motion pictures and is played by Michael Chiklis and Jamie Bell.

Doctor Doom

Doctor Doom (Dr. Victor Von Doom) is a fictional character from Marvel Comics and is the archenemy of Reed Richards and the Fantastic Four. He first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #5 (July 1962), created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. He is the ruler of Latveria and CEO of Von Doom Industries.

He has also come into conflict with other superheroes in the Marvel Universe, including Spider-Man, Iron Man, Doctor Strange, the Black Panther, the X-Men, and the Avengers at times. He has also been portrayed as an antihero at times, working with the heroes if their goals align and only if it benefits him.

Victor Von Doom has been portrayed in movies by Joseph Culp, Julian McMahon and Toby Kebbell.

Saturday, Sunday and Friday

Saturday, Sunday and Friday, originally titled Sabato, domenica e venerdì, is a 1979 Italian Spanish comedy movie directed by Castellano & Pipolo, Pasquale Festa Campanile and Sergio Martino. It stars Manuel Gallardo, Edwige Fenech, Lino Banfi, Lova Moor, Adriano Celentano, Barbara Bouchet, Salvatore Baccaro.

Close-up

A close-up or closeup in filmmaking, television production, still photography, and the comic strip medium is a type of shot that tightly frames a person or object. Close-ups are one of the standard shots used regularly with medium and long shots.

Chisago Lakes

Chisago Lakes is an area in Chisago County, Minnesota. Chisago City and the county seat, Center City are in this area.

Minnesota United FC

Minnesota United FC are an American professional soccer club based in Saint Paul, Minnesota. They play in the Western Conference of Major League Soccer. The club began play in 2017 as the league's 22nd club, and replaced the North American Soccer League (NASL) franchise of the same name.


Bridget Riley

Bridget Louise Riley (born 24 April 1931) is an English painter, and op artist. She lives and works in London, Cornwall and the Vaucluse in France.

Inter Miami CF

Club Internacional de Fútbol Miami, known in English as Inter Miami CF or simply Inter Miami, is an American professional football club. It is based in the Miami metropolitan area. The team began play in Major League Soccer (MLS) in the 2020 season at the venue now known as DRV PNK Stadium (pronounced "drive pink").

Andrew of Wyntoun

Andrew of Wyntoun (also known as Andrew de Wyntoun and Andrew Wyntoun) (), was a Scottish poet, a canon of St. Andrew's and a prior (higher-up within the Church) of St. Serf's Inch in Loch Leven. Wyntoun and John Barbour ("The Brus", 1375) were the first people to write about history in the Scots language.

He wrote a long poetic history of Scotland, called the "Orygynale Cronykil of Scotland", which included Scotland's mythical pre-history and finished when King James I came to power.

