Tiffin, Ohio

Tiffin is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Seneca County. In 2020, 17,953 people lived there.

Tiffin is about 55 miles southeast of Toledo. The National Arbor Day Foundation has designated Tiffin as a Tree City USA.

Jo Min-ki

Jo Min-ki (November 5, 1965 – March 9, 2018) was a South Korean actor, photographer and professor. He was best known for his roles in the television series "Love and Ambition", "East of Eden", "Queen Seondeok", and "Flames of Desire". From 2010 until his resignation in February 2018, he was an assistant professor at Cheongju University. 

On February 22, 2018, Jo was accused of sexually harassing his students, which he initially denied. He resigned from his teaching position at Cheongju University. A week later, Jo confirmed the accusations were true and was soon arrested.

Jo was found dead at an underground parking lot in Seoul in an apparent suicide by hanging on March 9, 2018 at the age of 52.

Jung Jae-sung

Jung Jae-sung (also Chung Jae-sung; Hangul: 정재성; Hanja: 鄭在成; ; 25 August 1982 – 9 March 2018) was a South Korean professional badminton player.

Jung was born in Jeonju, Jeollabuk-do. He started playing badminton at 7, at his local elementary school. He entered the South Korea national badminton team in 2001.

At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Jung won a bronze medal.

In 2000, Jung was part of the Korean national junior team competed at the World Junior Championships in Guangzhou, China, and Asian Junior Championships in Kyoto, Japan. In Guangzhou, he won the mixed team bronze after his team lose 2–3 to China, and in Kyoto, he won the boys'doubles silver and boys' team bronze.

Jung died of a heart attack on 9 March 2018 in Seoul at the age of 35.


Cormac McCarthy

Cormac McCarthy (born Charles Joseph McCarthy Jr.; July 20, 1933 – June 13, 2023) was an American novelist, playwright, and screenwriter. 

McCarthy's fifth novel, "Blood Meridian" (1985), was on "Time" magazine's 2005 list of the 100 best English-language books published since 1923.

For "All the Pretty Horses" (1992), he won both the U.S. National Book Award and National Book Critics Circle Award. His 2005 novel "No Country for Old Men" was made as a 2007 movie of the same name, which won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture.

In 2007, McCarthy won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. 

McCarthy died on June 13, 2023 in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 89.

Cheetah (comics)

The Cheetah is a fictional character, created by William Moulton Marston. She appears in DC Comics publications and related media, commonly as a major villain to the superhero Wonder Woman.

In 2009, The Cheetah was ranked as IGN's 69th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time. Cheetah has superhuman speed, reaction time, strength and durability to an unknown degree. Her sense of smell has also been enhanced and she is able to see in the dark.

There have been four incarnations of the Cheetah: Priscilla Rich (Golden and Silver Age), Deborah Domaine (Bronze Age), Dr. Barbara Ann Minerva (Post-"Crisis" and current), and Sebastian Ballesteros (a male usurper who briefly assumed the role in 2001).

Kristen Wiig plays Dr. Barbara Ann Minerva, a.k.a Cheetah, in "Wonder Woman 1984", the 8th movie in the DC Extended Universe. She is an enemy of Wonder Woman.

The Golden Age Cheetah was socialite Priscilla Rich. Jealous of Wonder Woman's fame, Priscilla was driven to villainy by her second personality, the Cheetah. Donning a cheetah costume, Priscilla became Wonder Woman's arch nemesis, until her retirement and eventual death. As of the New 52 onwards Pricclia was reconned to be just an alias for Barbara.

The niece of the Golden Age Cheetah, Deborah was a friend of Wonder Woman, until the villainous Kobra brainwashed her into picking up her aunt's evil legacy. This version no longer exists due to the Crisis on Infinite Earths. In the New 52 onwards Deborah is just an alias for Barbara.

Much like her Golden Age predecessor, Dr. Barbara Ann Minerva was driven by envy to become a villain. A selfish, spoiled heiress, Minerva received her Cheetah powers and form from the sacrifice of her partner to an African plant god. However, because the ceremony is meant for virgins her powers are half curse, half blessing.

Minerva decided to challenge Wonder Woman's powers upon hearing of her arrival to Man's World in order to steal her magic lasso. Since then, the Cheetah has proven to be one of Wonder Woman's greatest enemies, as well as one of her primary arch enemies and has shown that women can be just as bad as men.

In the Justice League, she is one of the recurring enemies in both the original series and its sequel series. Press materials names her "A feline femme fatale who is scratching for a fight."

In the New 52 she grew up in an orphanage in Idaho and had alias of Priscilla ,Deborah, and Sebastian she would soon become Cheetah and oppose Wonder Woman

The Dc Rebirth version is more sympathetic and was good friends with Wonder Woman until she became Cheetah.

A native to Argentina, corrupt businessman Sebastian Ballesteros was briefly the fourth Cheetah after stealing Minerva's powers, but was killed by her out of revenge. New 52 retcons him as just an alias for Barbara.

The fifth cheetah was a former amazon who died but was revived by Belladona to become the fifth cheetah to kill wonder woman but failed and died to her instead.

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, including action figures, television series, and video games. In live action, the Barbara Ann Minerva version of Cheetah is portrayed by actress Kristen Wiig in the DC Extended Universe movie "Wonder Woman 1984" (2020).

Doctor Sivana

Thaddeus Bodog Sivana, better known as Doctor Sivana, is a fictional character, a comic book supervillain created by Bill Parker and C. C. Beck. He first appeared opposite superhero Captain Marvel / Shazam in "Whiz Comics".

He is a brilliant but wicked mad scientist that seeks to conquer the world—although his origins and motives have varied between different incarnations, with the New 52/DC Rebirth continuity portraying him as a tragic figure seeking magic to cure his dying family.

Sivana was soon established as Captain Marvel's archenemy and the Shazam/Marvel Family as a whole, serving as one of the two main antagonists of the "SHAZAM!" franchise (alongside Mister Mind). He has also served as an enemy towards Superman, the Justice League, the Outsiders, the Titans, and has been a part of numerous villainous organizations, such as the Secret Society of Super Villains, the Fearsome Five, the Monster Society of Evil, and the Science Squad. In 2009, Doctor Sivana was ranked as IGN's 82nd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time. 

Beck has said Parker created Sivana's name by combining the name of the Indian god Siva with the word "nirvana".

The character made his cinematic debut in the 2019 DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!", played by Mark Strong, who reprised the role in a post-credits scene cameo in the 2023 sequel "Shazam! Fury of the Gods".

Mark Strong

Mark Strong (born Marco Giuseppe Salussolia; 5 August 1963) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in movies such as "Stardust", "RocknRolla", "Body of Lies", "Sherlock Holmes", "Kick-Ass", "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "Zero Dark Thirty", "The Imitation Game", "", and its sequel "".

In 2011, he played Thaal Sinestro, Green Lantern's mentor, in the superhero movie "Green Lantern".

In 2018, it was announced that Strong will portray the villain Doctor Thaddeus Sivana in the DC Extended Universe superhero movie "Shazam!" (2019).

Black Adam

Teth-Adam, better known as Black Adam, is a fictional supervillain and sometimes antihero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, the character is the archenemy of the superhero Captain Marvel, also known as Shazam (alongside Doctor Sivana and Mister Mind) and rival to both Superman and Hawkman.

Though his origins vary between versions, in all that he is depicted as the former champion of the Wizard, who was corrupted by his power, resulting in him becoming a villain and an adversary towards the Marvel Family. In recent years, however, he has frequently been depicted as a more neutral or anti-villainous character.

In 2009, Black Adam was ranked as IGN's 16th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.

Actor Dwayne Johnson plays the character in the DC Extended Universe spin-off movie "Black Adam" (2022).

Benny Andersson

Göran Bror Benny Andersson (; born 16 December 1946) is a Swedish musician, composer and producer. He was a member of the Swedish music group ABBA (1972–1982), and co-composer of the musicals "Chess", "Kristina från Duvemåla", and "Mamma Mia!". For the 2008 movie version of "Mamma Mia!", he worked also as an executive producer. 

On 15 April 2013, it was officially announced by the EBU and the SVT that Andersson, along with Ulvaeus and the Swedish DJ and record producer Avicii, had composed the anthem for the 2013 Eurovision Song Contest. The song was performed for the first time in the Final on 18 May.

Anni-Frid Lyngstad

Anni-Frid Synni, Dowager Princess Reuss of Plauen (; née Lyngstad, born 15 November 1945), commonly known as Frida Lyngstad (; ), or just by the mononym, Frida (), is a Norwegian-born Swedish singer-songwriter, and environmentalist. She is best known as one of the lead singers of the Swedish pop band ABBA.

In 1996, Lyngstad recorded her final album in Swedish, "Djupa andetag" ("Deep Breaths"), released by Anderson Records, before retiring from music.

In 1992, Lyngstad married Heinrich Ruzzo, Prince Reuss of Plauen, who was a prince of the former sovereign House of Reuss. Heinrich died of lymphoma in 1999.

Ron Franklin (jockey)

Ron Franklin (December 20, 1959 – March 8, 2018) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. At age 19, he rode Spectacular Bid to wins at the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes. 

Franklin and Spectacular bid were off to the Belmont Stakes at Belmont Park in New York, where he would have won the Triple Crown, but finished third behind Coastal and Golden Act.

Franklin rode 1,403 winning mounts in 9,242 starts from 1978 to 1992, and won purses of more than $14 million.

Franklin died of lung cancer in Baltimore on March 8, 2018 at the age of 58.


Ron Cephas Jones

Ron Cephas Jones (January 8, 1957 – August 19, 2023), sometimes credited as Ron C. Jones, was an American actor. His movie roles include "He Got Game" (1998), "Sweet and Lowdown" (1999), "Half Nelson" (2006), and "Across The Universe" (2007).

Jones performed stage roles with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago, Illinois. He starred on the NBC dramedy series "This Is Us" as William Hill.

Jones died on 19 August 2023 from lung disease at the age of 66.

Sterling K. Brown

Sterling Kelby Brown (born April 5, 1976) is an American actor. He starred in the FX drama "", for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award. He currently stars as Randall Pearson on the NBC drama "This Is Us". The role made Brown win his second Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild.


Linda Sarsour

Linda Sarsour (born 1980) is an American political activist and former executive director of the Arab American Association of New York. Sarsour is a Muslim from a Palestinian background. She was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1980, the oldest of seven children. Her parents immigrated from the West Bank in the 1970s. Sarsour attended public schools growing up in the Sunset Park neighborhood. Linda Sarsour was married at the age of seventeen. She had an arranged marriage. She had three children with her husband by the time she had become twenty five.

Sarsour gained national attention for her advocacy on behalf of American Muslims and as a co-chair of the 2017 Women's March.

Sarsour spoke as a strong supporter for U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders during the 2016 presidential campaign.


Sergei Skripal

Sergei Viktorovich Skripal (, born 23 June 1951) is a former Russian military intelligence officer. He acted as a double agent for Britain's intelligence services during the 1990s and early 2000s. 

In December 2004, he was arrested by Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) and later tried, convicted of high treason, and imprisoned. He settled in the UK in 2010 following the Illegals Program spy swap and moved to Salisbury, Wiltshire.

On 4 March 2018, Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent, later identified as Novichok. They were in a critical condition at Salisbury District Hospital. The poisoning is being investigated as an attempted murder.

On 9 April 2018, Yulia Skripal was discharged from hospital and taken to a secure location. On 18 May 2018, Sergei Skripal was discharged from the hospital too.

Xi'an-Yuxia Railway

Xi'an-Yuxia Railway，also Xi'an-Huxian Railway.from Longhai railway Sanmincun Railway Station.go pass Lianhu,Weiyang,Yanta,Chang'an ,Huyi.Yuxia Railway Station is at the end of it.

Yuxia Railway Station

Yuxia Railway Station is in Yuxia, Huyi, Xi'an. It is a Railway Station on Xi'an-Yuxia Railway. In November 1955, it opened and started using during Chinese First five-year plan. On October 21, 2000, it stopped carrying passengers. Then it only carried goods.


Ryhall railway station

Ryhall & Belmesthorpe railway station (originally Ryhall & Belmisthorpe) was a station in Belmesthorpe and about half a mile from Ryhall, both in Rutland. It was the only intermediate station on the Stamford and Essendine Railway, later Great Northern Railway, single track line between Stamford and Essendine. It was sited south of a level crossing at the west end of the village. The goods yard was to the north of the level crossing.

Fremantle Football Club

The Fremantle Football Club, nicknamed the Dockers, is an Australian Rules Football team in the Australian Football League (AFL) based in Fremantle, Western Australia. The club was formed in 1994 to represent Fremantle in the AFL. They played their first game on 1 April 1995. The club also has a women's team in the AFL Women's league.

Their colours are purple and white. When they first played, they wore red, green, purple and white jumpers, but changed to just purple and white in 2011.

Fremantle's captain is Nathan Fyfe and their coach is Ross Lyon. Matthew Pavlich holds the record for most games played and most goals kicked by a Fremantle player. Peter Bell is the only former Fremantle player who is in the Australian Football Hall of Fame. The women's team is captained by Kara Donnellan and coached by Michelle Cowan.

Fremantle started playing their home games at the Perth Stadium in 2018. Before that, they played at Subiaco Oval. The women's team plays most of their home games at Fremantle Oval, but has also played at Perth Stadium, Subiaco Oval and Ruston Park in Mandurah. Their game at Perth Stadium in 2018 set a record for the biggest ever crowd at a women's Australian football match.

The Dockers have not yet won an AFL championship, which is known as the premiership. In 2013, they made the Grand Final for the first time, but lost the game to Hawthorn.

<poem>
"Freo, heave ho!"
"Freo, heave ho!"
"Give em all the old"
"Freo, heave ho!"

[Chorus:]
"Freo, way to go"
"Hit 'em real hard, send 'em down below"
"Oh Freo, give 'em the old heave-ho"
"We are the Freo Dockers."

"We're the rollers, we're the rockers,"
"We're the mighty Freo Dockers.
"We're gonna roll 'em and we'll rock 'em,"
"We're gonna send 'em to the bottom"
"And if they get up, we'll do it again."
"The Dockers stop at nothing, nothing!"

[Chorus]

"Doc-Doc-Dockers"
"Show 'em how we rock"
"Freo, heave ho!"
"Doc-Doc-Dockers"
"Show 'em how we roll"
"Go Dockers, go, go, go!"
</poem>


Chris Gedney

Christopher Joseph Gedney (August 9, 1970 – March 9, 2018) was an American college and professional football player. He was born in Liverpool, New York. He was a tight end in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons. He played professionally for the Chicago Bears and Arizona Cardinals of the NFL.

Gedney died on March 9, 2018 in Syracuse, New York, age 47.

Liverpool, New York

Liverpool is a lakeside village in Onondaga County, New York, United States. The population was 2,242 at the 2020 census. The name was named from the city of Liverpool in the United Kingdom. 

The village is on Onondaga Lake, in the western part of the town of Salina and is northwest of Syracuse, of which it is a suburb.

Crown Prince Hyojang

Crown Prince Hyojang (; February 15, 1719 - November 16, 1728) is a member of the Joseon dynasty. His real name is Yi Haeng ().
He is the first son of crown prince Yeongjo of Joseon. He is the elder half-brother of Crown Prince Sado. He died when he was 9 years old. The cause is unknown.

Edgar Lungu

Edgar Chagwa Lungu (born 11 November 1956) was the 6th President of Zambia from 2015 until 2021. He is a former Minister of Justice, Minister of Defence and Minister of Home Affairs. Following President Michael Sata's death in October 2014, Lungu was chosen as the candidate for the Patriotic Front for the January 2015 presidential by-election, which was to determine who would serve out the remainder of Sata's term. In the election, he narrowly defeated his opposition Hakainde Hichilema and took office on 25 January 2015.

Lungu was elected to a full presidential term in the August 2016 election. Lungu was sworn in for his first full term on 13 September 2016. He lost his re-election bid in 2021, losing to businessman Hakainde Hichilema.

Lungu was born 11 November 1956 at Ndola Central Hospital. After graduating with a law degree in 1981 from the University of Zambia, he joined the law firm Andre Masiye and Company in Lusaka. He subsequently underwent military officer training at Miltez in Kabwe under Zambia National Service (ZNS). He then returned to practising law. He then joined politics.

In 2010, Edgar Lungu had his law practicing licence suspended by the Law Association of Zambia. This was after he was found guilty of professional misconduct.

He joined the United Party for National Development(UPND) under Anderson Mazoka, but later switched to the Patriotic Front (PF) which was led by party founder Michael Sata.

After the PF won the 2011 election, Lungu became Junior Minister in the Vice-President's office. He was subsequently promoted to Minister of Home Affairs on 9 July 2012. He became Minister of Defence on 24 December 2013 after Geoffrey Bwalya Mwamba resigned from his ministerial post, and he functioned as Acting President during President Sata's long term illness in 2013–14. 

When President Sata went abroad for medical treatment on 19 October 2014, Lungu was left in charge of the country in his absence. When Sata died on 28 October 2014, Vice-President Guy Scott took over as Acting President, and Lungu was seen as one of the main contenders to ultimately succeed Sata in a presidential by-election.

On 3 November 2014, Acting President Scott dismissed Lungu as Secretary-General of the PF. He replaced him with Davis Mwila, the Member of Parliament for Chipili. However, the next day, on 4 November 2014, Scott announced Lungu was to remain as Secretary-General after Mwila declined to take up his appointment. On 30 November 2014, Lungu was elected as President of the Patriotic Front at a national convention of the party held in Kabwe, Zambia. However the convention was unusual because no voting took place. Instead, the unaccredited delegates elected him by raising hands.

On 20 January 2015 Lungu contested the presidential by-election and beat his closest rival Hakainde Hichilema of the United Party for National Development. He was declared the winner by the Electoral Commission of Zambia on 24 January. He lost his re-election in August 2021 to businessman Hakainde Hichilema, however he does not want to say he lost the election calling it a fraud.

Lungu is married to Esther Lungu and has six children. Lungu and his family are practicing Baptists.

Nonlinear programming

Nonlinear programming is a way to solve a mathematical optimization problem. A number of equations and inequalities defines such a system. They are called constraints. Nonlinear programming is similar to linear programming, except that the functions and constraints are non-linear.

Chhota Bheem

Chhota Bheem is an Indian animated comedy-adventure television series. This show is available in English, Hindi, Telugu and Tamil.

The series was created by Rajiv Chilaka.In 2008, the television show made its debut on Pogo TV,centering around the thrilling escapades of a young lad named Bheem and his companions within the imaginative realm of Dholakpur. In this series, Bheem and his friends are usually involved in protecting Raja Indravarma, the king of Dholakpur and his kingdom from various evil forces. Sometimes they also help other kingdoms. It is one of the most popular animated series for children in India. There are also currently 47 movies that are based on the show.

The series is set in the fictional kingdom of Dholakpur somewhere in rural India. The series revolves around Bheem, sometimes referred to as Chhota Bheem due to his small age, He is a nine-year-old boy who is brave, strong and intelligent. Bheem's rival is Kalia, who is envious of Bheem's popularity, Kalia along with his sidekicks who are always jealous of Bheem, they are twin brothers named Dholu and Bholu with their “Ustaad” Kalia, they always plot to embarrass and defeat Bheem, but never succeed. Most of the initial stories revolted around Bheem and his friends Raju, Jaggu and Chutki and rivalry with Kalia and his friends. Bheem gets his strength from laddoo, an orange Indian sweet. However, as the series has progressed, this Kalia topic has been adopted as the subject less often, although Kalia is still just as eager prove himself superior to Bheem, A large number of episodes also focus on Bheem and his team solving various problems affecting the village. Fighting Misty evils that seek to harm Dholakpur or its inhabitants and their antics which often get them into trouble during early days. Broadcaster Pogo TV has stressed that storyline be kept simple and mysteries and complex plot avoided as all cost as the viewers where too young to understand but today, there are no restrictions.

Chhota Bheem: Bheem is the main protagonist of the show. He is an adventurous, fun-loving but virtuous boy who is gifted with superhuman strength. This strength can be powered up by consuming laddoos, his favorite food. Bheem appears bare-chested, wearing an orange dhoti and a gold pendant. He has brown hair.

His power is a boon for his village, Dholakpur, which is constantly beset by all kinds of problems. Bheem is beloved and respected by the village for being l kind and using his strength to help those who are poor, wronged, or needy, and may be considered a little guardian of the villagers and the animals in and around Dholakpur. Bheem is often seen defeating enemies who attack Dholakpur or harm the villagers, like the evil demon Kirmada, the robber Mangal Singh, and the evil witch. Having gained king Raja Indraverma's trust, Bheem discusses the village issues with the ministers of the kingdom. Being intelligent and strong he represents Dholakpur in various matters and competitions.

Chutki: Chutki is a 7 year old young girl and the daughter of Tuntun Mausi, the sweet-maker. She often helps Bheem sneak laddoos from her mother's shop. Chutki is the brains of the team. She wears a purple floral lehenga and has her brown hair in twin braids. Her name means young or little one.

Chutki is Bheem's closest friend and he often relies on her to solve any puzzles or difficult situations with her intelligence. She first met Bheem, Raju, and Jaggu when Bheem saved her from a raging bull. While she is responsible for her household chores and gentle towards everyone and other creatures, she can be tough when the situation demands it.

In many episodes and films, she is depicted as being good at martial arts. Chutki frequently supplies Bheem with laddoos on missions to boost his strength.

Raju: Raju is a daring, and mischievous boy, whose role model is Bheem. He is a bald toddler who wears nothing but his blue underpants.

Raju's size belies his courage, which he gets from his father, commander of the King's army. Raju also wants to be the commander of the Army. He is a prodigy at archery and has won the "Arjuna Cup". Raju is also very articulate and intelligent for his age, being able to converse and follow along with his older friends on their adventures with no difficulty.

Raju is a diminutive form of Raja and means “king”.

Jaggu: Jaggu is a blue, talking monkey. Jaggu has a special way of solving problems, using tricks accompanied by his sense of humor. Bheem learns useful techniques like swinging from trees from him. Whenever they are really hungry, Jaggu assists them in stealing laddus. He also loves playing tricks on Kalia, Dholu, and Bholu.

Kalia: Kalia is an envious bully. He is depicted as an ambitious boy who is always outshone by Bheem. He has two fearful lackeys slaves Dholu and Bholu, twin brothers.Dholu and Bholu sometimes help him with his plans and, at other times, quickly abandon him. He often blows his own trumpet by claiming he is the strongest and most courageous person. Whenever any problem arises, he runs away. Despite his competitive personality, he also helps the gang out with important matters, such as an attack on Dholakpur. He is depicted as a tall and overweight boy wearing only a short tied-up grey dhoti and lots of gold jewelry.

Kalia is a nickname that means “dark one” or “tan-skinned”.

Dholu and Bholu: Dholu and Bholu are identical twins and slaves of Kalia. Though they are not strong themselves, they bask in Kalia's strength. Despite their support for a bully, they have kind hearts and have also won a trophy for their close brotherhood. But sometimes, they argue among themselves and get scolded by Kalia. Their clothing differentiates them, each twin wears a similar set of olive green and brown turban, t-shirt, and pants with opposite coloring.

Dholu means “drummer” and Bholu means “innocent”.

Indumati: Indumati is the Princess of Dholakpur and daughter of Indraverma and the elder sister of Ravi Varma. She is a kindhearted 7-year-old girl. She is also a friend of Bheem, Chutki, Raju, Jaggu, Kalia, Dholu, and Bholu. She has blue eyes, and reddish brown hair, and wears a blue and gold with an orange flower adorning her hair. While she seldom joins the gang on missions, she is a trusted friend and supports them.

Indraverma: The King of Dholakpur and the father of Indumati and Ravi Varma. He lives in a palace on top of a hill overlooking Dholakpur. He mostly relies on Bheem for any crisis in the kingdom and trusts the boy greatly.

Kichak: Kichak is a teen wrestler from Pehelwanpur. Like Kalia, Kichak is also jealous of Bheem, since Bheem is more popular than him. But he is defeated on all occasions. Kichak's jealousy towards Bheem is a bit more severe than Kalia's. Other members in Kichak's gang include Chhotta Mannu, Birju, Popatya and Motu.

Chhota Manu: He is also a character from Pehelwanpur. Chhota Manu is physically strong and clever. He is a rival of Raju, whom he never managed to defeat. He is a sidekick as well as a friend of Kichak, making various plans to defeat Bheem.

Daku Mangal Singh: Mangal Singh is a bandit who used to terrorize Dholakpur when he was free. But he was arrested by Bheem. He often comes to rob Dholakpur. His villain rival was Khan Singh, and his brother was Daku Amangal Singh.

Dhooni Baba: Dhooni Baba is a sage who lives in a cave. In the former episodes, he was called "Baba Bol Bachchan". He had a body smeared with ash and was seen meditating on some needles. Indeed, Dhoni means “incense”. Later, his body has no ash smeared and he walks with a walking stick. He is described as a sage who knows almost everything and has divine powers. He gives advice and also a solution to Bheem and his friends.

Tuntun: Tuntun, or Tuntun aunt, She is Chutki's mother. She owns a sweet shop where she sells her famous homemade laddoos. Bheem often aggravates her by stealing laddoos, but she is also kind-hearted like Chutki. Sometimes she gives Bheem laddoos to make him stronger and help him defeat his enemies.

Professor Shastri Dhoomketoo: He is an inventor who lives In Gyanpur (“village of knowledge”). He often ends up getting problems with his inventions, like getting his inventions stolen, or malfunctioning. His inventions include the time machine, a hot air balloon, a super-fast bicycle, etc.

Bheem has a family of five members:

Mother: Bheem's unnamed mother lives with him in their home. She is shown as a cameo in many episodes and some movies.

Grandfather- Bheem's grandfather is also a fighter like Bheem. Bheem resembles his grandfather in the fighting. His grandfather owns a magical trunk having magical items in it. He also likes laddoos. Some of his magical items include his magical telescope, in which he protected some fairies from Goblings(demons), magical comb which made hair growth faster,etc. The trunk also included an umbrella which he gifted to Bheem for his bravery.

Father: He was shown in the episode ‘’Diwali Dhamaka’’ and was responsible for bringing the two-headed demon to Dholakpur. But also gives an idea to Bheem regarding that demon's death. But in the movie Bheem in the city, Bheem’s father, whose name is Abhimanyu, works in Raunak Sheher.

Grandmother: His grandmother is never shown in the series but was shown in an advertisement.

Shivani: Bheem's foster sister is Shivani. She lives in Pehelwanpur and runs a dhaba there named "Shivani ka Dhaba". Her father is falsely imprisoned by the cruel king, and to free him she needs 500 gold coins. But the pehalwan (wrestler) Dabbu tries to take over the Dhaba. Bheem comes to her rescue and even frees her father from jail. Their close relationship is demonstrated in an episode where she sent Bheem a letter on Raksha Bandhan, not writing much, leading Bheem to think something was suspicious and going to see her. After he solved her problems she tied a "rakhi" on his wrist.

Buri Jadugarni (transl. The Evil Sorceress): Buri Jadugarni is an evil sorceress who is an enemy of Bheem. She tried to become the queen of Dholakpur but never succeeded because of Bheem and his team. She is also called Buri Pari (transl. Evil Fairy) or Buri Chudail (transl. Evil Witch).

Acchi Jadugarni (transl. The Good Sorceress): She is a good Sorceress who helps Bheem in defeating Buri Jadugarni. She is also called Achhi Pari (transl. Good Fairy). She lives in Agadam, a place of good wizards and witches, or the forest of Dholakpur.

Avi Chacha: He is another scientist who lives in Dholakpur. He is also a friend of Professor Shastri Dhoomketu. He invented many gadgets but all were destroyed.

Kaptaan Singh: He is the head captain of a ship of Dholakpur, Dholakpur Queen.

Raaka: He is the sidekick of Daku Mangal Singh.

Daku Chacha: He is an experienced dacoit uncle of Daku Mangal Singh.

Kirmada: He is a demon who tries to attack Dholakpur, since he had lost his war against Dholakpur 500 years ago, when he was alive and was a king of a kingdom and conquered all the surrounding kingdoms. He has appeared in the Chhota Bheem Aur Krishna film series and was also in a few of the Super Bheem film series.

Zimbara and Mayandri: They are the siblings of Kirmada.
Tabora: Son of Kirmada.

Kallasura and Chalchaaya: They are the sons or successors of Kirmada.

Ganesh: Ganesh was shown in the movie "Chhota Bheem and Ganesh in the Amazing Odyssey" and was also shown in some episodes and other films.

Krishna: Krishna is a character who appears in a few episodes and she also appeared in the Chhota Bheem Aur Krishna film series. He also appears in one of the top recent films of Chhota Bheem, which was released in October 2021. Its name was "Chhota Bheem Ki Citti Pitti Gul".

Hanuman: Hanuman is an Indian god that Bheem met in this Chhota Bheem movie, "Chhota Bheem Aur Hanuman".

Coco: He was a fictional monkey character which had come in the advertisement of Chocos. He protected Chocoland, which is abundant in chocolate and had a chocolate volcano and chocofall.

Rajiv Chilaka wanted to create his own intellectual property instead of working for other companies. He established his animation studio Green Gold Animation in 2001. He had to struggle as no TV channel was ready to pick up the Indian animation content and most Indian contents aired were mythological in nature. His company produced Vikram Betal and Krishna animation shows which convinced Pogo TV to give chance. After five years of conception, Chhota Bheem made his first appearance in 2008 on Pogo TV. It succeeded and continued to run. He is financed by Samir Jain, who belongs to the famous Jain-cum-Agarwal business family from Meerut. Raj Viswanadha, who did the writing for the first four years of Bheem before leaving the series, Arun Shendurnikar, Nidhi Anand are prominent among those who have written the stories for the show.

Rajiv Chilaka had conceived an adventurous young boy with the strength and attributes of Bhima from living in an unspecified period in medieval India. He was also influenced by his childhood spent with Disney's animated shows, Tintin, Amar Chitra Katha and other superhero comics.

Mighty Raju

"Mighty Raju" is the first spin-off series of "Chhota Bheem". It is about the character Raju in the modern world, who has superpowers and is known as "Mighty Raju". He lives in the modern city, AryaNagar.

Arjun – Prince of Bali
"Arjun - Prince of Bali" is the second spin-off series of "Chhota Bheem". It is based on the "Chhota Bheem and the Throne of Bali" character Arjun. Arjun is the young prince of Bali. It features his adventures with his friends and pet Zimbu, a baby tiger. Each episode consists of two stories and is targeted for kids up to 13 years of age. The series show the adventures of Arjun during his childhood. It exists in the same timeline as "Chhota Bheem". The series aired from 1 June 2014 to 11 September 2016 on Disney Channel India.

Super Bheem

"Super Bheem" is third spin-off series of "Chhota Bheem". It was going to launch in 2017, but it was launched in May 2016 with the birthday special movie "Main hoon Super Bheem". It is an updated version of Bheem with superpowers. "Super Bheem" is based on the 24th movie of "Chhota Bheem", "". The "Super Bheem" show is 3D animation whereas "Chhota Bheem" is traditional 2D animation. It originally premiered on Pogo TV in 2017 but it also aired in 2019 on Cartoon Network India.

Mighty Little Bheem

"Mighty Little Bheem" is the fourth spin-off. It launched in 2019 on Netflix. It is intended for younger children. In this series, the story's focus is on 1 - 2 year old Bheem. Another thing to note is that in this series, Kalia (Bheem's Friend) is known as Vijay instead.

Chhota Bheem Kung Fu Dhamaka
"Chotta Bheem Kung Fu Dhamaka" is the fifth spin-off of "Chotta Bheem". It launched on January 12, 2020. It was the third series in 3D CGI format. The series is based on the Chhota Bheem film of the same name. 

For an update, Chhota Bheem and others are an Indian film actors and actresses, they live in Dholakpur, in Hyderabad. They all speak Hindi, Telugu and Engish. See in this: http://www.woodsdeck.com/movies/14890-chhota-bheem-himalayan-adventure-2016

France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018

France will compete in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song Mercy, by Madame Monsieur.

Destination Eurovision is the national final for France in the Eurovision Song Contest.

Semi-Final 1

Dialogue system

A dialog system or conversational agent (CA) is a computer system intended to converse with a human, in coherent, structured language. Various so-called "dialog systems" have employed text, speech, graphics, haptics, gestures and other modes of communication on both the input and output channel.

What does and does not constitute a dialog system may be debatable. The typical GUI wizard does engage in some sort of dialog, but it includes very few of the common dialog system components, and dialog state is trivial.

Alexa, Bixby, Cortana, Siri, and digital PAs generally, are meant to be CAs, as are conversational AI bots like the GPT-3 Lena. But modern systems have a latency time of 4 years. An up-to-date CA would be able to read this text.

Milko Kelemen

Milko Kelemen (March 30, 1924 – March 8, 2018) was a Croatian composer. He was born in Slatina, Croatia. Kelemen founded the Music Biennale Zagreb, an international contemporary music festival and served as its president from 1961 to 1979.

He also worked at the Electronic Siemens Studio in Munich and was invited to Berlin as Composer in Residence.

Keleman died on March 8, 2018 in Stuttgart, Germany at the age of 93.

Ion Voinescu

Ion "Țop" Voinescu (18 April 1929 – 9 March 2018) was a Romanian footballer. He was often thought as one of the finest goalkeepers Romania has ever produced.

Voinescu has won 22 caps for Romania, with his only honor being representing his country at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Voinenscu worked as a goalkeeper coach for his former club, Steaua București.

On 9 March 2018, Voinescu died at the age of 88.

Elías Yanes Álvarez

Elias Yanes Álvarez (16 February 1928 – 9 March 2018) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Zaragoza.

Yanes Álvarez was ordained to the priesthood in 1952. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oviedo from 1970 to 1977. Yanes Álvarez then served as Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zaragoza from 1977 until 2005.

Yanes Álvarez died in Zaragoza of complications from a fall on 9 March 2018 at the age of 90.

Louis Le Prince

Louis Aimé Augustin Le Prince (; 28 August 1841 – vanished 16 September 1890) was a French artist and inventor. He filmed what may have been the first moving picture sequences to use a single lens camera and a strip of (paper) film.

Le Prince was never able to perform a planned public demonstration in the United States because he mysteriously vanished from a train on 16 September 1890. His body and luggage were never found, but, over a century later, a police archive was found that had a photograph of a drowned man who could have been him.

In the years after his death, his son Adolphe was in a court. He was representing Louis, in a battle against Thomas Edison to name the true inventor of motion pictures. Edison won the case and a few months later, Adolphe was killed in a hunting accident.

No Excuses

"No Excuses" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor for her upcoming third studio album. She wrote the song with Andrew Wells, who produced the song, and Jacob Kasher, who also co-wrote Trainor's song "No". It was released on March 1, 2018. "People" has called the song "Time's Up-inspired" with a "funky, retro beat." It is her first song since having a second vocal surgery in 2017.

After performing the song on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", the song reached number one on the US iTunes chart.

The video for the song shows three different versions of Trainor in various outfits and hairstyles, against different backdrops.

Gaúcho (footballer, born 1964)

Luís Carlos Tóffoli, usually nicknamed Gaúcho (7 March 1964 – 17 March 2016), was a Brazilian football player and manager. He was born in Canoas, Rio Grande do Sul.

After spending his youth years at Rio de Janeiro club Flamengo, he began his professional career in 1984 at Grêmio. The following year he transferred to Atlético Goianiense.

In 1990, he returned to his youth club, signing a three-year deal with Flamengo. There he won the 1990 Copa do Brasil, the 1991 Rio State Championship and the 1992 Série A. During this period he played 198 matches and scored 98 goals. At the end of his contract he joined Italian Serie A side Lecce, where he failed to make a breakthrough with only five games played. He left the club halfway through the season and signed with Boca Juniors, where once again he failed to repeat his good performances.

Gaúcho died of prostate cancer on 17 March 2016.

Leonard T. Connors

Leonard T. Connors, Jr. (April 11, 1929 – December 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Connors was born in Jersey City, New Jersey.

He served in the New Jersey State Senate from 1982 to 2008. He represented the 9th Legislative District. Previously he served on the Ocean County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1977 to 1982, and was the Mayor of Surf City, New Jersey from 1966 to 2015.

Connors died on December 4, 2016, at the age of 87 at his home in Seacrest nursing home.

Vikram Chatterjee

Vikram Chatterjee is a Bengali film actor. He made his big screen debut with a small role in Mainak Bhowmik's 2012 movie "Bedroom" and was immediately noticed. In the same year he acted in Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's "Elar Char Adhyay" based on Rabindranath Tagore's last novel "Char Adhyay" as a lead. Soon after he acted in "Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends", "Hoichoi", "Britto" and many other films and established himself as a lead in Bengali films. He has gained immense popularity from his daily soap Ichchenodi where he played the lead character, Anurag and enjoys a huge fan base, thanks to the success of the show. Vikram has earned a lot of accolades for his film "Shaheb Bibi Golaam", where the whole industry has taken notice of his brilliant portrayal of Zico.

Vikram Chatterjee debuted in "Saat Pake Bandha", a TV serial on the Zee Bangla channel. After an entry into TV shows, he made his break into the wide screen in Bengali movies with a small but significant character in Mainak Bhowmik's "Bedroom". He was given a lead role soon after in the film Elar Char Adhyay, directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay based on one of Rabindranath Tagore's story of Kolkata of the 1930s. Vikram's portrayal of Atin in the film was appreciated by both the audience and the critics.

Soon after Elar Char Adhyay he shot for Debarati Gupta's "Hoichoi". Next he teamed up again with his "Bedroom" director Moinak Bhowmik for Ami Ar Amar Girlfriends. His performance in Ami Ar Amar Girlfriends as a laid-back, on-the-face, no-nonsense Radio Jockey was loved by one and all. Also his pairing with Parno Mittra clicked and they were signed immediately for Sourav De's "Cactus". His next film was with the National Award Winning director Anjan Das where he was seen opposite Paoli Dam once again.

Bepanaah

Bepannaah or Bepanah (English: "Unguarded") is an romantic thriller and drama TV series.The Serial is produced by Cinevistaas Limited. Jennifer Winget and Harshad Chopra are in lead roles, with Sehban Azim and Namita Dubey in supporting roles. This will also be Winget's 3rd collaboration with Cinevistaas after Dill Mill Gayye and Beyhadh.

The plot revolves around Aditya Hooda and Zoya Siddiqui, two individuals brought together through their spouses' betrayal. Zoya and Yash are a married couple. Aditya Hooda, a pilot, and Pooja, an artist, are a another married couple.

The Series Broadcast aired Every Monday to Friday at 9:00 PM IST from 19 March 2018 to 26 May 2018. But from 28 March 2018, The Series is being shifted from 9:00 PM IST to 9:30 PM IST because of launch of "Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop" at 9:00 PM IST Primetime Slot on 28 May 2018. Now, "Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop" will air Every Monday to Friday at 9:00 PM IST from 28 May 2018 and Bepannah will now air Every Monday to Friday at a new time 9:30 PM IST from 28 May 2018. Bepannah will be replacing the show "Laado - Veerpur Ki Mardani" at the 9:30 PM IST Primetime Slot as "Laado - Veerpur Ki Mardani" is going off-air.
The series started airing from 19 March 2018 on Colors TV and is aired every Monday to Friday at 9:00 PM IST.

Chris Liddell

Christopher Pell Liddell (born 24 April 1958) is a New Zealand-born American businessman and philanthropist. He serves in the Executive Office (the White House) of the President of the United States, Donald Trump, as the Assistant to the President for Strategic Initiatives.

Liddell has been the Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of General Motors (GM) and CFO of Microsoft, Senior Vice President and CFO of International Paper, and CFO of William Morris Endeavor (WME/IMG).

Millie Dunn Veasey

Millie Dunn Veasey (January 31, 1918 – March 9, 2018) was an American veteran. She was born in Raleigh, North Carolina. She served from 1942-45 in the Women’s Army Corps (WAC) and the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps (WAAC). She was active in the civil rights movement with the Raleigh-Wake Chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), where she became president in 1965.

Veasey died on March 9, 2018 in Raleigh at the age of 100.

Ali Asghar Khodadoust

Ali Asghar Khodadoust (27 October 1935 – 10 March 2018) was an Iranian eye surgeon. He was born in Shiraz, Iran. He specialized in corneal transplantation. His reputation was the result of in his many studies on corneal diseases and transplantation biology.

Khodadoust died on 10 March 2018 in New York City of coronary artery disease at the age of 82.

Ronnie Schell

Ronald Ralph "Ronnie" Schell (born December 23, 1931) is an American actor and comedian. He was born in Richmond, California. He appeared on the May 28, 1959, episode of the TV quiz program "You Bet Your Life". As a stand-up comedian, he first developed his act at the world-famous hungry-i nightclub in San Francisco, California. Schell is best known in his 1960s television role as Duke Slater in "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.".


Joby Baker

Joby Baker (born March 26, 1934) is a Canadian born actor and painter. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. Baker was known for his works with Walt Disney Studios where he appeared in "The Adventures of Bullwhip Griffin" (1966), "Blackbeard's Ghost" (1968) and "Superdad" (1974). In 1967-68, he had a lead role in "Good Morning, World".

Peter Temple

Peter Temple (10 March 1946 – 8 March 2018) was an award-winning South Africa-born Australian crime fiction novelist. He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was known for writing the "Jack Irish" series and for the award winning novel "The Broken Shore". He has also won five Ned Kelly Awards for crime fiction.

Temple died from pancreatic cancer in Ballarat, Victoria on 8 March 2018 at the age of 71.

Ophthalmology

Ophthalmology ( or ) is the branch of medicine that deals with the anatomy, physiology and diseases of the eyeball and orbit. 

An ophthalmologist is a person in medical and surgical eye disease. Ophthalmologists are allowed to medically treat eye disease, implement laser therapy, and perform incisional surgery when needed.

Windows Server 2012

Windows Server 2012, codenamed "Windows Server 8", is the sixth release of Windows Server. It is the server version of Windows 8 and succeeds Windows Server 2008 R2. Two pre-release versions, a developer preview and a beta version, were released during development. The software was generally available to customers starting on September 4, 2012.It's mainstream support ended on October 9, 2018 and extended support ended on October 10, 2023. Windows Server 2012 is eligible for the paid Extended Security Updates (ESU) program (free for Azure Virtual Desktop users). It allows to purchase Security Updates for 3 years, in early installments. Security Updates are available for the operating system until October 13, 2026.

Unlike its predecessor, Windows Server 2012 has no support for Itanium-based computers, and has four editions. Various features were added or improved over Windows Server 2008 R2 (with many placing an emphasis on cloud computing), such as an updated version of Hyper-V, an IP address management role, a new version of Windows Task Manager, and ReFS, a new file system. Windows Server 2012 received generally good reviews in spite of having included the same controversial Metro-based user interface seen in Windows 8.

The successor to Windows Server 2012, called Windows Server 2012 R2, was released along with Windows 8.1 in October 2013. A service pack, formally designated Windows Server 2012 R2 Update, was released in April 2014.

Windows Server 2012, codenamed "Windows Server 8", is the sixth release of Windows Server family of operating systems developed concurrently with Windows 8. It was not until April 17, 2012 that the company announced that the final product name would be "Windows Server 2012".

Microsoft introduced Windows Server 2012 and its developer preview in the BUILD 2011 conference on September 9, 2011. However, unlike Windows 8, the developer preview of Windows Server 2012 was only made available to MSDN subscribers. It included a graphical user interface (GUI) based on Metro design language and a new Server Manager, a graphical application used for server management. On February 16, 2012, Microsoft released an update for developer preview build that extended its expiry date from April 8, 2012 to January 15, 2013.

Before Windows Server 2012 was finalized, two test builds were made public. A public beta version of Windows Server 2012 was released along with the Windows 8 Consumer Preview on February 29, 2012. The release candidate of Windows Server 2012 was released on May 31, 2012, along with the Windows 8 Release Preview.

The product was released to manufacturing on August 1, 2012 and became generally available on September 4, 2012. However, not all editions of Windows Server 2012 were released at the same time. Windows Server 2012 Essentials was released to manufacturing on October 9, 2012 and was made generally available on November 1, 2012. As of September 23, 2012, all students subscribed to DreamSpark program can download Windows Server 2012 Standard or Datacenter free of charge.



Windows Server 2016

Windows Server 2016 is a server operating system developed by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems, developed concurrently with Windows 10. The first early preview version (Technical Preview) became available on October 1, 2014 together with the first technical preview of System Center. Windows Server 2016 was released on September 26, 2016 at Microsoft's Ignite conference and became generally available on October 12, 2016. It has two successors: Windows Server 2019, and the Windows Server Semi-Annual Channel, which excludes the graphical user interface and many older components.

Microsoft has been reorganized by Satya Nadella, putting the Server and System Center teams together. Previously, the Server team was more closely aligned with the Windows client team. The Azure team is also working closely with the Server team.

In March 2017, Microsoft demonstrated an internal version of Server 2016 running on the ARMv8-A architecture. It was reported that Microsoft was working with Qualcomm Centriq and Cavium ThunderX2 chips. According to James Vincent of "The Verge", this decision endangers Intel's dominance of the server CPU market. However, later inquiry from Microsoft revealed that this version of Windows Server is only for internal use and only impacts subscribers of Microsoft Azure service.

A public beta version of Windows Server 2016 (then still called "vNext") branded as "Windows Server Technical Preview" was released on October 1, 2014; the technical preview builds are aimed toward enterprise users. The first Technical Preview was first set to expire on April 15, 2015 but Microsoft later released a tool to extend the expiry date, to last until the second tech preview of the OS in May 2015. The second beta version, "Technical Preview 2", was released on May 4, 2015. Third preview version, "Technical Preview 3" was released on August 19, 2015. "Technical Preview 4" was released on November 19, 2015. "Technical Preview 5" was released on April 27, 2016.

Windows Server 2016 Insider Preview Build 16237 was released to Windows Insiders on July 13, 2017.

Windows Server 2016 was officially released at Microsoft's Ignite Conference on September 26, 2016. Unlike its predecessor, Windows Server 2016 is licensed by the number of CPU cores rather than number of CPU sockets—a change that has similarly been adopted by BizTalk Server 2013 and SQL Server 2014. The new licensing structure that has been adopted by Windows Server 2016 has also moved away from the Windows Server 2012/2012R2 CPU socket licensing model in that now the amount of cores covered under one license is limited. Windows Server 2016 Standard and Datacenter core licensing now covers a minimum of 8 core licenses for each physical processor and a minimum of 16 core licenses for each server. Core licenses are sold in packs of two with Standard Edition providing the familiar rights to run 2 virtualized OS environments. If the server goes over 16 core licenses for a 2 processor server additional licenses will now be required with Windows Server 2016.

Windows Server, version 1709 was released on October 17, 2017. The release has dropped the Windows Server 2016 name and is just called Windows Server by Microsoft. It is offered to the Microsoft Software Assurance customers who have an active Windows Server 2016 license and has the same system requirements. This is the first Windows Server product to fall under the "Semi-Annual Channel" (SAC) release cadence. This product only features the Server Core and the Nano Server modes. Of the two, only the Server Core mode of the OS can be installed on a bare system. The Nano Server mode is only available as an operating system container.

Karl Lehmann

Karl Lehmann (16 May 1936 – 11 March 2018) was a German Cardinal prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Sigmaringen, Germany.

Lehmann Bishop emeritus of Mainz, former Chairman of the Conference of the German Bishops and Professor emeritus of theology at the University of Mainz and the University of Freiburg.

From 1971, he was the co-editor of the international journal "Communio". He was a member of the board of the Synod of the Dioceses of the Federal Republic of Germany 1971-1975, as well as a member of the International Theological Commission 1974-1984.

From 1983 until his resignation in 2016, Lehmann was the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mainz.

In September 2017, Lehmann suffered a stroke and cerebral herrmohage which left him in need of care, first at hospital and later at home. He died on 11 March 2018 of stroke-related complications in Mainz, Germany at the age of 81.

Hinsdale, Illinois

Hinsdale is a village in Cook and DuPage counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. Hinsdale is a western suburb of Chicago. The population was 17,395 at the 2020 census, most of whom lived in DuPage County.


Dan Lipinski

Daniel William Lipinski (born July 15, 1966) was the U.S. Representative for , from 2005 to 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

The district includes much of the southwest side of Chicago, along with several nearby suburbs. Lipinski is a member of the Blue Dog Coalition and is known as one of the more conservative Congressional Democrats.

He is the son of former congressman Bill Lipinski.

He was defeated in the Democratic primary in 2020 for re-election by progressive, pro-choice challenger Marie Newman.


Bill Lipinski

William Oliver Lipinski (born December 22, 1937) is an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 2005, representing a district in Chicago.

His son is Dan Lipinski, the congressman who replaced him in 2005.

Tom Railsback

Thomas Fisher Railsback (January 22, 1932 – January 20, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He served eight terms in the United States Congress from 1967 to 1983 for in Moline. He was known for being one of the few Republicans to support the impeachment of Richard Nixon.

Railsback died on January 20, 2020, in Mesa, Arizona from a long-illness at the age of 87.


Gale Schisler

Darwin Gale Schisler (March 2, 1933 – February 2, 2020) was an American former teacher and politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois's 19th congressional district and a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from the 46th district and later the 48th district.

Schisler died on February 2, 2020, in Mesa, Arizona at the age of 86.

Derek Saunders

Derek Saunders (6 January 1928 – 3 March 2018) was an English footballer. He played for Chelsea during the 1950s.

Saunders was a member of Chelsea's 1954-55 Championship-winning team. He was one of only two players to play in every game that season.

Saunders died on 3 March 2018 at the age of 90.


Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics had 5 types of races. These included downhill, Super-G, Super Combined, slalom and giant slalom.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Henrieta Farkasova, guided by Nataly Subrtova, won the first gold medal at the Winter Paralympics. Farkasova won gold in women's downhill vision impaired race. B2 classified skier Millie Knight won silver. Belgian B2 classified skier Eleonor Sana won bronze. Marie Bochet from France won gold in the women's downhill standing.  Andrea Rothfuss from Germany won silver.  Mollie Jepsen from Canada won bronze. Mac Marcoux won gold in the men's visually impaired downhill race.  Jakub Krako of Slovakia won silver.  Giacomo Bertagnolli of Italy won bronze. Theo Gmur won a gold medal in the men's downhill standing race.  Arthur Bauchet of France won silver.  Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze.

Krishna Balram

Krishna Balram is an Indian Adventure and Action Animated television series. Created by Rajiv Chilaka. Premiered in 2008 to 2010 on Cartoon Network it's focus on Lord Krishna and his elder brother Balram's Life and Adventure along with his friends and Radha in Vrindavan, Gokul and Barshana village. Krishna is a avatar of Lord Vishnu. Krishna's elder brother balram was the son of rohini. Rohini lived in Mathura nagari when vasudeva was imprisoned.

Krishna And Balram kids favorite series. Which resolved around 8 years old Krishna's 9 years old Balram's escaped in Vrindavan along with Radha and his friends, Krishna And Balram are always having fun, be it playing pranks on the unsuspecting gopis stealing, butter or destroying any demon sent to kill Krishna by his evil uncle Kansa.



Ralf Waldmann

Ralf Waldmann (14 July 1966 – 10 March 2018) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was born in Hagen, Germany. 

In 1996, Waldmann finished second to Max Biaggi in the 250cc world championship. In the 1997 season, he gave Biaggi a strong challenge, winning four races and finishing only two points behind the Italian.

Waldmann died on 10 March 2018 in Ennepetal, Germany of a suspected heart attack at the age of 51.

Garech Browne

The Hon. Garech Domnagh Browne (25 June 1939 – 10 March 2018) was an Irish arts patron. He was a member of the titled family of Oranmore and Browne in the West of Ireland. He was a wealthy patron of Irish arts, mainly towards traditional Irish music. He was often known by the Irish designation of his name, "Garech de Brún". He was born in Chapelizod, Republic of Ireland.

Browne stated that he would rather have not been born, and considers it "frightful to bring anyone into this world". Browne was a friend and patron of British artist Francis Bacon and in January 2017 was featured in the BBC documentary "Francis Bacon: A Brush with Violence." 

Browne died at his estate in the mountain of Luggala in Wicklow Mountains, Ireland on 10 March 2018 at the age of 78.

Camillo Ruini

Camillo Ruini (; born 19 February 1931) is an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church. He served as Vicar General of the Diocese of Rome from 1991 to 2008. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1991.

In June 1986 the Pope John Paul II named him secretary-general of the Italian bishops' conference. From 1988 to 2011 he was a consultor of the Congregation for Bishops.

Darío Castrillón Hoyos

Darío del Niño Jesús Castrillón Hoyos (4 July 1929 – 18 May 2018) was a Colombian cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was Prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy from 1996 to 2006. He was the president emeritus of the Pontifical Commission "Ecclesia Dei" having served from 2000 until his retirement in 2009. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1998.

During his time as Bishop of Pereira, Castrillón Hoyos was reported to have walked the streets at night to help feed abandoned children.

Castrillón Hoyos died of liver disease on 18 May 2018 in Rome, Italy at the age of 88.

Giovanni Battista Re

Giovanni Battista Re (born 30 January 1934) is an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was elevated to the rank of cardinal in 2001.

He is the Prefect emeritus of the Congregation for Bishops, having retired on 30 June 2010.

As the senior Cardinal-Bishop to attend the March 2013 conclave to elect Pope Benedict XVI's successor, he chaired the conclave. Pope Francis approved his election as Sub-Dean of the College of Cardinals on 10 June 2017.

Julius Darmaatmadja

Julius Darmaatmadja (born 20 December 1934) is an Indonesian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was created a cardinal in 1994, becoming the second Indonesian to be a cardinal. He served as the Archbishop of Semarang from 1983 to 1996 and Archbishop of Jakarta from 1996 to 2010. He was born in Jagang, Muntilan, Magelang, Central Java, Dutch East Indies.


Amzie Strickland

Amzie Strickland (January 10, 1919 - July 5, 2006) was an American movie, radio, and television actress. She appeared in over 200 features between 1937 and 2001. She was a well-known character actress.


Taras Shevchenko

Taras Hryhorovych Shevchenko (; was born 25 February 1814 (9 March New Style), Moryntsi, and died February 26 1861 (March 10, New Style), St. Petersburg. He was a Ukrainian poet, writer (playwright, prose writer), artist (painter, engraver), public and political figure.

Academician of the Imperial Academy of Arts (1860).

Tony Benneworth

Anthony John Benneworth (12 December 1950 – 10 March 2018) was an Australian cricketer and politician. He played for Tasmania from 1971 until 1979. He was a right-handed batsman a right-arm medium-pace bowler.

He was the Liberal candidate for Bass in the 2001 federal election but lost to Labor's Michelle O'Byrne. From 1992 to 1998 he served in the Tasmanian House of Assembly.

Benneworth died in a boating accident off Ansons Bay, Tasmania on 10 March 2018.

Lorna Luft

Lorna Luft (born November 21, 1952) is an American actress and singer. She was born in St John 's Health Center in Santa Monica, She is the daughter of singer and actress Judy Garland and producer Sidney Luft, and half-sister to singer and actress Liza Minnelli.

Luft starred in the 1981 national tour of "They're Playing Our Song" and in 1982 she played Paulette Rebchuck in "Grease 2". In 1983, she played Peppermint Patty in the Off Broadway production of "Snoopy!!! The Musical", a sequel to "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown".

In movies, Luft has appeared in "Grease 2" (1982), "Where the Boys Are '84" (1984), "54" (1998), and "My Giant" (1998). She and her brother, Joey, made cameo appearances in the 1963 movie "I Could Go On Singing".

In March 2018, Luft was diagnosed with a brain tumour after collapsing following a London performance. 


Kate Wilhelm

Kate Wilhelm (June 8, 1928 – March 8, 2018) was an American author. She wrote works in science fiction, fantasy and mystery, including the Hugo Award-winning "Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang", and established writer workshops with her husband Damon Knight. She won a Hugo Award in 1977 and won multiple Nebula Awards in 1968, 1986 and 1987.

Wilhelm died in Eugene, Oregon on March 8, 2018 at the age of 89.


Bill Turnbull

William Robert Jolyon Turnbull (25 January 1956 – 31 August 2022) was a British journalist and presenter. He worked as a presenter for the radio station Classic FM, following many years as a presenter with the BBC.

He was the main male presenter of "BBC Breakfast" from 2001 until 2016, and presented the religious series "Songs of Praise" and game show "Think Tank".

In March 2018, Turnbull revealed he had been diagnosed with incurable prostate cancer in November 2017.
He died on 31 August 2022, aged 66.

Hinsdale, Massachusetts

Hinsdale is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 1,919 at the 2020 census.

Bob Arum

Robert Arum (born December 8, 1931) is an American lawyer, boxing promoter and businessman. He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank, a professional boxing promotion company. He also worked for the US Attorney's Office for the southern district of New York in the tax division during his legal career before moving into boxing promotion.


Christopher Robin (movie)

Christopher Robin is an 2018 British-American fantasy adventure comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Marc Forster. It was written by Tom McCarthy, Alex Ross Perry, and Allison Schroeder.

The movie is inspired by A. A. Milne's book "Winnie the Pooh". It is a live-action/CGI continuation of the Disney franchise of the same name.

The movie stars Ewan McGregor, Hayley Atwell, Bronte Carmichael and Mark Gatiss, along with the voices of Jim Cummings, Brad Garrett, Robin Williams, Toby Jones, Nick Mohammed, Peter Capaldi and Sophie Okonedo.

"Christopher Robin" was released on August 3, 2018 by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures in the United States.

Prince Nakcheon

Prince Nakcheon ( November 26, 1720 - September 28, 1737) was a nobleman of the Joseon dynasty. His real name is Yi Susin.

Nakcheon was born in Hanseong. He is the son of Yi Chae and Lady Ryu of Jinju. His original family is descended from Prince Kyeongchang, the ninth illegitimate son of 14th King Seonjo of Joseon. In 1773, he was adopted by Prince Yeonryeong, illegitimate son of 19th King Sukjong of Joseon.

In September 28, 1737, he died from an unknown illness.

Hong Sa-ik

Hong Sa-ik (hangul: 홍사익, hanja: 洪思翊, born February 2, 1887 – September 26, 1946) was a military general for Japan, but he was from Korea.

In September 1905, Hong Sa-ik entered the Korean empire military school but switched to a Japanese military school in Tokyo after Japan took over the country. He joined the Japanese military. From 1910 until 1936, he served in the army and he was promoted to general. In 1940, he was appointed to work in the city of Nanjing in China. In 1944 he was sent to the Philippines, where he was put in charge of prisons for captured Allied soldiers.

In August 1945, Japan was defeated by the American army and other Allied forces. Hong Sa-ik tried to escape, but he was arrested by the American army. He was called a Class B war criminal, meaning that he committed crimes that are not unusual in war, like harming the prisoners in his camps. But the Allies did not think he planned the war or committed crimes against humanity, like the Nazis who ran the Holocaust.

On September 26, 1946, he was executed by firing squad with other Japanese generals.


Kumkum Bhagya

Kumkum Bhagya (Trans., Vermillion is my fate) is a Hindi language Indian television soap opera. Which is premiered on 15th April 2014. and is broadcast weeknights on Zee TV. The show is loosely based on the Novel "Sense and Sensibility" by Jane Austen. The show stars Sriti Jha as Pragya Raguveer Arora aka Pragya Prem Mehra, Shabir Aluvalia as Abhishek Prem Mehra aka Abhi, Mugdha Chapekar as Prachi Arora aka Prachi Prem Mehra, Pooja Banerjee as Rhea Prem Mehra and Krishan Kaul as Ranbir Kohli.

A spin off story, named Kundali Bhagya (Trans., The Horoscopic Fate), is also produced and telecasted in Zee TV, which focuses on the story of Pragya's long lost sisters Preeta and Shristi and her mother Sarala Arora.
Kumkum bhagya announced that it will end 29 January 2023

The series started as the stories of Pragya And Bulbul, and their mother Sarla's hope to see them married, but as the time went by, the series revolved around Abhi And Pragya.

20 years later
Pragya is settled in Hoshiarpur with her daughter Prachi, Beeji and Beeji’s grand-daughter, Shahana who lives with Pragya and Prachi and affectionately calls Pragya as Maasi. Abhi is settled with his daughter Rhea who is taken care by a governess, Meera and has also shifted his house. The Mehras are now neighbors with the Kohlis, Vikram Kohli, who is Abhi’s business partner and friend, his wife Pallavi, their two children Ranbir, Mishti and Daljeet, Vikram’s mother. Purab has now divorced Disha and married Alia. They have a son together named Aryan. Prachi gets a scholarship to study in the same college where Rhea studies in Delhi. Pragya though initially reluctant, however decides to send Prachi considering her future. In Delhi, Prachi and Abhi meet several times and develop a close bond with each other. While, the twins start their relationship on a bad note and Rhea starts hating Prachi. She constantly plots against Prachi and lands her in trouble several times. One such incidents makes Pragya return to Delhi to save her daughter. Pragya, Prachi and Shahana, start staying in Sarita behen’s house who lovingly calls Pragya as Anuradha (her daughter’s name). This leads to a lot of confusion since everyone from Abhi’s side calls Pragya as Anuradha (making Abhi also think that Prachi’s mother’s name is Anuradha), while Pragya never realizes who Abhi is as everyone calls him Mr. Mehra.



Yurt

A yurt, also known as a ger in Mongolian, is a portable, round tent. It is covered with skins or felt. A yurt is commonly used as a dwelling by nomads in the grasslands of Central Asia.

Traditional yurts consist of an expanding wooden circular frame carrying a felt cover. The felt is made from the wool of sheep. The wood to make the external structure is not to be found on the treeless steppes.

A yurt is designed to be dismantled and the parts carried compactly on camels or yaks to be rebuilt on another site. Complete construction takes around 2 hours.

Roman Shukhevych

Roman-Taras Yosypovych Shukhevych (, also known by his pseudonym Taras Chuprynka; 30 June 1907 – 5 March 1950) was a Ukrainian politician, military leader and general of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA).

Member of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists. Commander (from Ukrainian side) of the Nachtigall Battalion (1941–1942). Chairman of the General Secretariat of the Ukrainian Supreme Liberation Council (1943–1950).

Shukhevych was posthumously awarded the title Hero of Ukraine by President Viktor Yushchenko.


Portsmouth, Ohio

Portsmouth is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Scioto County.

Portsmouth is on the north bank of the Ohio River, across from Kentucky, just east of the mouth of the Scioto River.

Princess Adrienne, Duchess of Blekinge

Princess Adrienne of Sweden, Duchess of Blekinge (Adrienne Josephine Alice Bernadotte; born 9 March 2018) is the daughter of Princess Madeleine of Sweden and her husband, Christopher O'Neill. The princess is the couple's third child. Princess Adrienne is currently eleventh in the line for the crown of Sweden. Christened on 8 June 2018 at Drottningholm Palace chapel, exactly five years after her parents married on 8 June 2013 and four years after the christening of her sister, Princess Leonore, on 8 June 2014. Her godparents are: Anouska d’ Abo, Coralie Charriol Paul, Nader Panahpour, Gustav Thott, Charlotte Krueger Cederlund, and Natalie Werner.

Title

9 March 2018-6 October 2019 Her Royal Highness Princess Adrienne of Sweden, The Duchess of Blekinge

7 October 2019-present Princess Adrienne of Sweden, The Duchess of Blekinge

Honor

-Member of the Order of the Seraphim (8 June 2018)

Benjamin Ingrosso

Benjamin Daniele Wahlgren Ingrosso, (born 14 September 1997) is a Swedish singer and songwriter. When he was a child he appeared in the leading role in several musicals, and in 2006 he won the song contest Lilla Melodifestivalen with the song "Hej Sofia". He won the celebrity dancing TV-show Let's Dance 2014 and has participated twice in Melodifestivalen in 2017 and 2018 respectively. He won in 2018 and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "Dance You Off", placing in seventh place.

Siegfried Rauch

Siegfried Rauch (2 April 1932 – 11 March 2018) was a German movie and television actor.

In the 1970s, Rauch appeared in the 1970 Hollywood movie "Patton" as "Captain Steiger". In "Le Mans" (1971), Rauch played the race driver "Erich Stahler" who is Steve McQueen's rival. In Samuel Fuller's "The Big Red One", Rauch played a German army sergeant.

Rauch died on 11 March 2018 from heart failure caused by injuries he suffered when falling down stairs at a fire station near his home in Obersöchering near Munich; he was 85.


WJZ-TV

WJZ-TV is a CBS affiliate in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The TV station started in 1948 as WAAM-TV and was changed to WJZ in 1957. The call letters were taken from the now WABC-TV station in New York City. It was formerly an ABC affiliate at the time of its launch until January 2, 1995 when it switched to CBS. The network used "Eyewitness News" for its newscasts until October 23, 2017, when it was replaced by "WJZ News". Also, the station has the similar logo as used for WBZ-TV in Boston.

On August 9, 2018, WJZ opened a new studio with new artwork and slogan called "presenting our future."

On August 10, 2018, Nicole Baker of WJCL in Savannah, Georgia joined Linh Bui and Marty Bass on the station's morning newscast.

On August 20, 2018, WJZ expanded their morning newscasts to 4:30-7 a.m., becoming the last station in Baltimore to start its morning newscasts at 4:30 a.m.

On September 9, 2019, WJZ started a 7 p.m. newscast, moving the "CBS Evening News" to 6:30 p.m.

Breakfast television

Breakfast television in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, and United Kingdom or a morning show in Canada and the United States, is a television block after the overnight graveyard slot and before daytime television. It runs from 6:00 to 10:00 a.m. in most countries. Shows include "CBS This Morning" on CBS, "Good Morning America" on ABC, "Today" on NBC, "AMHQ" on The Weather Channel, "BBC Breakfast" on BBC, and "Today" on Nine Network.

Late-night newscast

A late-night newscast (or late local news) is a television newscast on many American networks at 11:00 p.m. Eastern Time nightly. All other time zones air their last newscasts of the day at 10:00 p.m. local time. FOX affiliates have a 10:00 p.m. newscast. The news precedes primetime and before late-night television.

Placer County, California

Placer County is a county in the U.S. state of California. At the 2020 census, 404,739 people lived there. The county seat is Auburn.

Riemann mapping theorem

The Riemann mapping theorem says that for every region (without holes) on the [complex plane], there exists a smooth, angle-preserving, one-to-one map that takes our region to the unit disk. (The unit disk is the inside of the circle of radius 1 centered at the origin). This map is uniquely determined if you pick a point in your starting region to map to the origin, such that the derivative at that point is on the real line and strictly greater than zero.

Fire-Eaters

The Fire-Eaters were a pro-slavery group of Southerners in the Antebellum South who wanted the separation of Southern states into a new nation. This eventually led to the creation of the Confederate States of America.

Boot camp

Boot camp is a type of correctional camp that aims to correct the behavior of people who have committed crimes. It is an alternative to jail or probation. Boot camps have been criticized for being too strict.

Maji Maji Rebellion

The Maji Maji rebellion, sometimes called the Maji Maji War, occurred from 1905 to 1907 and was an armed rebellion against German colonial rule in German East Africa (modern-day Tanzania). It was initially triggered by a German policy designed to force the indigenous population to grow cotton for export purposes. The war resulted in 250,000–300,000 total dead, mostly civilians from famine.

Mary Rosenblum

Mary Rosenblum (born Mary Freeman; June 27, 1952 – March 11, 2018) was an American science fiction and mystery author. In 1994 she won the Compton Crook Award for Best First Novel for the novel, "The Drylands". In 2009 she won the Sidewise Award for Alternate History Short Form for her story, "Sacrifice."

Rosenblum was killed in an airplane crash on March 11, 2018, near an airfield south of La Center, Washington. She was 65 years old.


Antonia La Negra

Antonia "La Negra", artistic name of Antonia Rodríguez Moreno (1935/1936 – 7 March 2018), was a Spanish Gitana cantaora and bailaora.

Her art was reflected in "Triana" (1976), "En familia" (1978), "Macama jonda" (1983), "El ángel" (1993) and "Un gitano de ley" (1997). She participated in two audiovisual summits of flamenco: "El ángel" y "Rito y geografía del cante". La Negra has been one of the main figures of cante jondo, excelling her talent in palos such as flamenco tango and bulería.

La Negra died in Seville on 7 March 2018 of an aortic aneurysm at the age of 82.

Wally Gould

Walter "Wally" Gould (25 September 1938 – 10 March 2018) was an English professional footballer. 

Gould made nearly 300 appearances and scored 71 goals in the Football League playing as a winger or forward for Sheffield United, York City and Brighton & Hove Albion. He later played for Durban United and Hellenic in South Africa.

Gould died of vascular dementia on 10 March 2018 at the age of 79.

Baltasar Corrada del Río

Baltasar Corrada del Río (April 10, 1935 – March 11, 2018) was a Puerto Rican politician. He served as Resident Commissioner (1977–1985), Mayor of the capital city of San Juan (1985–1989), Puerto Rico's 15th Secretary of State (1993–1995) and Associate Justice of the Supreme Court (1995–2005).

He was also the unsuccessful NPP candidate for Governor in the elections of 1988.

Del Río died in Fort Myers, Florida of Alzheimer's disease on March 11, 2018 at the age of 82.


Nokie Edwards

Nole Floyd "Nokie" Edwards (May 9, 1935 – March 12, 2018) was an American musician and actor. He was a member of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He was a guitarist, best known for his work with The Ventures. Edwards was also an actor, who appeared briefly on "Deadwood", an American Western drama television series.

Edwards died on March 12, 2018 in Yuma, Arizona of a staph infection complicated from hip surgery at the age of 82.


Oleg Tabakov

Oleg Pavlovich Tabakov (; 17 August 1935 – 12 March 2018) was a Soviet and Russian actor and the artistic director of the Moscow Art Theatre. He was born in Saratov.

Tabakov acted in Anatoly Efros' "A Noisy Day" (1960), Grigori Chukhrai's "Clear Skies" (1961), Sergei Bondarchuk's "War and Peace" (1966–67), TV series "Seventeen Instants of Spring" (1973) and "D'Artagnan and Three Musketeers" (1978), the Academy Award-winning "Moscow Does Not Believe In Tears" (1980), Nikita Mikhalkov's "Oblomov" (1981) and "Dark Eyes" (1986), and "A Man from the Boulevard des Capuchines" (1987).

Tabakov died at a Moscow hospital on 12 March 2018 at the age of 82.


Wayne LaPierre

Wayne Robert LaPierre, Jr. (born November 8, 1949 in Schenectady, New York) is an American gun rights activist and businessman. He is best known for his position as the executive vice president of the National Rifle Association of America since 1991.


Coventry, Rhode Island

Coventry is a town in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It is in Kent County. There were 35,688 people living there at the 2020 census.

The town was first settled by English colonists in the early 18th century. At that time, the town was part of Warwick.

By 1741, enough farmers (about 100 families) had settled in the area. They petitioned the General Assembly of Rhode Island to create their own town. The petition was granted. The new town was named Coventry, after the English city.

Prince Imperial Waneun

Yi Jae-seon, Prince Imperial Waneun (? - October 28, 1881) was a royal family member of Korean Joseon dynastys and Korean empires. He was a illegitimate son of Heungseon Daewongun and half-brother of Gojong of Joseon and Yi Jae-myeon, Prince Imperial Heung.

He is the first son of Heungseon Daewongun, and his mother Kyeseongwol was a concubine. He was executed on 28 October, 1884 during a military coup.

Desmond Doss

Desmond Doss (February 7, 1919 – March 23, 2006) grew up in Lynchburg, Virginia and was a Seventh-day Adventist, which meant he was a pacifist. He did not believe in violence and chose not to use or carry weapons. He vowed not to kill. 

He was a combat medic in the United States Army during World War II. During the Battle of Okinawa, he saved 75 soldiers that were left behind and wounded. He tied them in a special knot and lowered them safely down the ridge. After the war, Desmond Doss was awarded with many medals. He was the first pacifist to receive the Medal of Honor. He received the purple heart. 

Manuela Saenz

Manuela Saenz was born in Quito, Ecuador in 1797 during the Spanish colonial rule. She was the illegitimate child of a married Spanish nobleman. She went to school at the Convent of Santa Catalina. Manuela Saenz's nickname was Manuelita. She married a wealthy English doctor James Thorne, who was twice her age, in 1817. 

She was an active member in the conspiracy against the viceroy of Perú, José de la Serna e Hinojosa during 1820. She left her husband in 1822. She had an affair with Simón Bolívar until he died in 1830. She often wore a colonel's uniform, with her two black servants Jonatás and Nathán, also in soldier's uniforms

Saenz was called “la libertadora del libertador” because she saved Simon Bolivar's life. She followed Bolivar on his campaigns and saved his life in 1828. When assassins came for him she let him escape out the window. Manuela is quoted to have said "Go ahead, cowards, Kill me! Kill a woman!” when she was making time so Simon could escape.

Saenz attempted to kill herself with a snake after Bolivar died, Saenz thought that no matter if Simon Bolivar died, his influence would never die because he gave so many people freedom. After Simon died she became a shopkeeper, Simon Bolivar had many lovers but it was only Saenz who he took with him into the most dangerous marches of the wars of independence in Latin America.

Manuela went through inequality in her childhood and she wanted independence and a change. She was fighting battles in the 1820’s. She wore men’s clothes and a mustache from a dead Spanish soldier. She smoked. Manuela Saenz acted like a nurse on the battlefield at Ayacucho, Ecuador. When the rebels won she earned a rank of lieutenant.

She also acted as a nurse and a combatant spy expert, army general, mistress. After Simon Bolivar died his enemies sent Manuela out of Colombia to Peru. She continued her political activity in Peru. People believed that women should not be involved in politics so it was easier for them to be smugglers and spies. When she was trying to get people's attention she sent letters to people of power. She was exiled from Ecuador in 1835 because she was accused of trying to overthrow the government. In her letters she shows that women wanted to become involved with politics.

She is known as a war hero because she helped a lot of countries be independent from the Spanish rule. Manuela Saenz died in Paita, Peru in 1856. Her body was put into a communal grave, She died of a diphtheria epidemic. Saenz's remains have been carried through Peru, Ecuador and Colombia. She was given a full state burial in Venezuela in 2010. There have been ceremonies to honor her and her help to many countries.

Dungeons and Dragons Satanic Panic

In the 1980s, the fantasy roleplaying game "Dungeons & Dragons" was attacked and accused of supporting Satanism, and leading people to commit suicide. 

Some religious beliefs and fear of the unknown led to false accusations against things that were different from the norm. The protest against it changed the game forever and made players have to adapt to new rules. Many wanted to stop D&D completely, but in the end  compromises were made and the game is enjoyed by millions today.

In the 1980s, fear of the occult was a big problem. It all began when a mother believed her daughter's daycare center was teaching her to support and worship Satan. Daycare centers were very new back then and parents were afraid of the safety of their children. This one mother's accusation led an investigation as other parents started making false claims. 

The interrogated children never said anything bad happened. Parents got so mad at this that many police scared the kids into saying what they wanted to hear. Accusations like this spread across the country, from rock music to card games. D&D was a big part of those accusations.

D&D was arguably the first true role-playing game. Many people feared the occult and because of all these reports with D&D, suicides and murders, people also started fearing D&D. Time magazine published an article about D&D being satanic. 

Though it was satire, it still caught on to people's fear of the occult. This fear led to problems with the criminal justice system. For example the West Memphis 3, 3 teens accused of murder, were prosecuted just because of people being scared of the occult. Even a policeman changed a story about the Irving Pulling case (Suicides & Harm) because he was scared of TSR suing him.

James Dallas Egbert III disappeared in 1979 from his dorm in Michigan State University. He was found alive in the utility tunnels of the school two days later by a private investigator after James attempted suicide. His mother had found his suicide note the day before. The note referenced Egbert’s character in D&D needing to die because a demon told him to kill himself. 

His mother completely blamed the game. Egbert suffered from many mental illnesses that were not researched enough, including depression, schizophrenia, and anxiety. William Dear, the private investigator, suspected that the game had caused James' actions. 

The media took this as a fact and started an outrage against D&D. Dear thought Egbert went into the tunnels to play a live action version of the game. A year later, Egbert died from a gunshot suicide This story was the basis of the book (and later movie) Mazes & Monsters.

In 1983 the suicide of Irving Lee Pulling II was also associated with D&D. Patricia Pulling, Irving’s mom, founded Bothered About Dungeons and Dragons as a result. Ms.Pulling found other D&D players who did harmful actions such as James Curbing, a rabid player, who killed his school principal, wounded three classmates, then shot himself. There was a view that teenagers could not see the difference between fantasy and reality, and that all these murders and suicides were building on that, especially after many suicide notes mentioned the game.

August, 1983. Investigators found Irving Lee Pulling and his brother dead from gunshot wounds beneath a railroad trestle. Irving had a gun in hand. Police thought it was a murder suicide. Pulling saw the incident as more than a murder suicide. She blamed Irving’s favorite game, Dungeons and Dragons, for his death. 

Classmates say the trestle they were found under was a frequent place the boys would venture to play D&D. Investigators found that earlier that day Irving’s character had a curse cast upon him. The curse was supposed to cause his character “emotional pain and damage.” Pulling the curse was real, and was the cause of his suicide.

Patricia Pulling said her claims about D&D supporting Satan had to be true because no one would be able to write with so much detail (in the manuals) without vast knowledge of the occult. Some monsters from the original Advanced Dungeons & Dragons were demons, with varying degrees of power over the characters. Patricia sued Irving’s school for allowing the kids to play there. The principal argued that the game was not part of the curriculum of the school, and the charges were dropped. 

The CDC found no link between the game and violence. Yet, Patricia continued her fight by creating the group BADD. BADD’s messages and PSA’s spread across the world. Patricia released a book titled The Devil’s Web- Who is Stalking Your Child for Satan?  In it she said players will become a “homosexual satanists who will sacrifice their parents, their sister, and the family cat, then commit suicide in a satanic ritual". (From Patricia's Book)

Some people still thought D&D was good. Michael Stackpole published articles like The Pulling Report and The Truth About Role-Playing Games to discredit Pulling's claims about D&D. Stackpole found that the suicide rate for people who DID play rpgs was actually lower than the suicide rate for the general population.

Eventually, due to the negativity, TSR made changes to the game. James Ward, an executive at TSR had demons and devils removed from the Monster Manual and Assassins and some spells removed from the Player's Handbook. Ward explained his actions in an article in Dragon, a magazine about fantasy role-playing games, saying that "Avoiding the Angry Mother Syndrome has become a good, basic guideline, for all of the designers and editors at TSR, Inc.". In later editions TSR re-added some of the removed features in a separate manual intended for mature readers. (From 5e monster manual)

Today, the game is played around the world, and parents can be rest assured knowing that their children are not becoming Satanists.

Poor People's Campaign

In November 1967 civil rights leaders, Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the staff of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference met and decided to launch a Campaign to highlight and find solutions for many problems for the country’s many poor people. In the Poor Peoples Campaign the leaders recruited workers to help proceed in the campaign and recruit people from ten BIG cities from around the nation.

King planned for 2,000 to go to Washington DC to protest for unemployment insurance, jobs, fair minimum wage and education for poor children and adults.

MOVE

MOVE is a Philadelphia-based black liberation group founded by John Africa (born Vincent Leaphart) in 1972. The group lives communally.

The group had two major conflicts with the Philadelphia Police Department. In 1978, a standoff resulted in the death of one police officer, injuries to several other people, and life sentences for nine members. 

In 1985, another standoff ended when a police helicopter dropped a bomb on their compound. This was a row house in the middle of the 6200 block of Osage Avenue. The bomb caused a fire, and killed eleven MOVE members, including five children. The fire burst out of control and destroyed 65 houses in the neighborhood, prompting widespread news coverage.

Greensboro sit-ins

The Greensboro sit-ins were a series of peaceful protests that happened in Greensboro, North Carolina. They happened from February 1 to July 25, 1960. Many of them happened at the F. W. Woolworth Company store in the town. At Woolworth’s you could only sit on the stools if you were white. 

There were four men influenced by non-violent protest. The four men were young black students at the North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. This started because these four men wanted to prove a point about segregation. The four men were inspired by Mahatma Gandhi. They were inspired by the Freedom Riders. They planned their protest very carefully. They sat at the table. They wanted to be served, but did not get served. They just sat and did not leave. On the second day there were 20 people. The sit-ins made local news. 
The students wrote the following letter to the president of Woolworth's:Dear Mr. President: We the undersigned are students at the Negro college in the city of Greensboro. Time and time again we have gone into Woolworth stores in Greensboro. We have bought thousands of items at the hundreds of counters in your stores. Our money was accepted without rancor or discrimination, and with politeness towards us, when at a long counter just three feet away our money is not acceptable because of the colour of our skins...We are asking your company to take a firm stand to eliminate discrimination. We firmly believe that God will give you courage and guidance in solving the problem. 

Sincerely Yours, Student Executive CommitteeThe sit-in movement then spread to other Southern cities, including Winston-Salem, Durham, Raleigh, Charlotte, Richmond, Virginia, and Lexington, Kentucky.

By February 8, 500 people joined the protest. .

Because of the protest the F. W. Woolworth Company department store chain stopped its policy of racial segregation.

Budget padding controversy

Budget padding controversy was a controversy that affected the House of Representatives of Nigeria. It led to the suspension of Abdulmumin Jibril, the chairman of the House Committee on Appropriation. He was suspended for 180 legislative days and removed as Chair, House Committee on Appropriation in June 2016 over an allegation he leveled against the speaker of the house, Yakubu Dogara and three other principal members of the house of representatives, Yusuf Sulaimon Lasun, Alhassan Doguwa and Leo Okuweh Ogor.

On 20 July 2016, Jibril accused the speaker of the house and the principal officers of fraud, corruption, and padding of the 2016 budget and this led to his suspension on 28 September 2016. He was suspended for 180 legislative days.

According to "Premium Times Nigeria", Jibril said "My resolve to champion this cause was borne out of patriotism and desire to complement the present administration’s anti-corruption war from the legislative front,”

He claimed that the principal officers including the speaker of the House allotted to themselves a sum of N40 billion out of the 100 billion naira apportioned to the House of Representatives. He indicted the speaker and accused him of aiming to smuggle the sum of 30 billion naira into the 2016 budget. The speaker rebutted the allegation and subsequently described it as blackmail.

In a counter claim, the lawmakers through the Chairman, Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Abdulrazak Namdas stated that his suspension was connected to his investigation by the Economic and Financial Crime Commission and abuse of power during his tenure as Chairman of Finance Committee.

On 13 March 2018, his suspension was rescinded by the lawmakers after he submitted an apology letter to the House.

The Dolan Twins

Grayson Bailey and Ethan Grant Dolan, generally known as The Dolan Twins (born December 16, 1999) are American twins who rose to fame through the former social media platform, Vine. Now with over 11 million subscribers on Youtube, the Twins have created an album and playlist, gone on an international tour called "4OU", won multiple Teen Choice Awards, and have been guests on the popular T.V. channel, MTV. They have also directed a LGBTQ+ music video for Australian band cubsport. Both twins have good looks, a great following, and an attitude that is mature and comedic for every range of age. Still they have so many more characteristics to define them.The set of twins are from the Long Valley section of Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey. The two are involved with Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, and Youtube.

Infusion

Infusion is the process of getting plant chemicals into a solvent such as water, oil or alcohol. 

The flavours from plant material get into the solvent by putting in the plant material and letting it stay there for quite a time. This is known as steeping the material. An infusion is also the name for the resulting liquid. 

The process of infusion is different from decoction, which is boiling the plant material, or percolation, in which the water goes through the material (as in a coffeemaker.


Lee Pearson

David Lee Pearson KBE (born 4 February 1974) was a paralimpic champion on horse riding.
He won gold medals and played for England in Sydney, Athens, Beijing, London and Rio.

Flag of Wales

The flag of Wales ( or "", meaning "the red dragon") is a red dragon passant on a green and white field.

Geauga County, Ohio

Geauga County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. At the 2020 census, 95,397 people lived there. The county seat is Chardon.

It is named for a Onondaga or Seneca language word meaning 'raccoon', originally the name of the Grand River.

Geauga County is part of the Cleveland-Elyria, OH Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2008, Forbes Magazine ranked Geauga County as the fourth best place in America to raise a family.

About 20% of the county's population is Amish, as of 2017.

Belmont County, Ohio

Belmont County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 66,497 people lived there. The county seat is St. Clairsville.

Gina Haspel

Gina Cheri Haspel (born October 1, 1956) is an American intelligence officer. Haspel was the 7th Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from April 26, 2018 to January 20, 2021. She was appointed by President Donald Trump. Before, she was the 6th Deputy Director of the CIA, appointed by Trump in February 2017.

On March 13, 2018, Haspel was nominated by President Trump to become the CIA Director, replacing Mike Pompeo. She is the first woman to hold the position. She was approved for confirmation by the Senate Intelligence Committee on May 16 by a 10-5 vote, with two Democrats voting in favor. She was sworn-in on May 21.

Haspel was born Gina Cheri Walker on October 1, 1956 in Ashland, Kentucky.

Haspel was a student at the University of Kentucky for three years and transferred for her senior year to the University of Louisville, where she graduated in May 1978.

Haspel joined the CIA in January 1985 as a reports officer. She held many undercover overseas positions, for many of which she was station chief. Her first field assignment was from 1987–1989 in Ethiopia, Central Eurasia, Turkey, followed by several assignments in Europe and Central Eurasia from 1990 to 2001. From 1996 to 1998, Haspel was station chief in Baku, Azerbaijan.

On February 2, 2017, President Donald Trump appointed Haspel Deputy Director of the CIA. On February 8, 2017, many members of the Senate intelligence committee asked Trump to change his appointment of Haspel as Deputy Director.

On March 13, 2018, President Donald Trump announced he would nominate Haspel to be the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, replacing Mike Pompeo who was set to become the new United States Secretary of State. Haspel became the first woman to become permanent Director of the CIA.

Many people were against her nomination because of her support of torture and water boarding.

Haspel was approved for confirmation by the Senate Intelligence Committee on May 16 by a 10–5 vote, with two Democrats voting in favor. The next day, Haspel was confirmed by the full Senate, on a mostly party-line, 54–45 vote.

Haspel married Jeff Haspel in 1976. They were divorced by 1985. Haspel lives in Ashburn, Virginia.

John Draper

John Draper (born March 11, 1943) is an American computer programmer. In his 20's Draper worked for the US Air Force. There, he learned how to break into telephone networks. Apple Computer hired him because of these skills. Later, other companies such as IBM and Microsoft also tried to hire him to use his word processor EasyWriter. In the rest of his career, Draper continued to develop software for other companies. Draper sometimes took part in exercises with fellow hackers. In 2017, some men said that this sometimes included unwanted touching showing sexual attraction to adolescent boys.

Dakota Johnson

Dakota Johnson (born October 4, 1989 in Austin, Texas) is an American actress and model. She is the daughter of the actors Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson. Her maternal grandmother is actress Tippi Hedren.

Dakota Johnson first appeared onscreen with her mother in the comedy-drama movie "Crazy in Alabama" in 1999.

She was named Miss Golden Globe in 2006.

After high school, Dakota Johnson went back to acting. She had roles in movies, including "21 Jump Street", "The Social Network" and "Need for Speed".

Dakota Johnson played Anastasia "Ana" Steele in "Fifty Shades of Grey", "Fifty Shades Darker" and "Fifty Shades Freed". For "Fifty Shades of Grey", she got a People's Choice Award for Favorite Drama Movie Actress. She was also nominated for a BAFTA Rising Star Award.

Since 2017, she has been in a relationship with singer Chris Martin.

Amazon Alexa

Amazon Alexa is a personal assistant made by Amazon. It can help users with many tasks, such as basic math, and turning on or off smart lights with Bluetooth. It is similar to Siri and Google Assistant. 

Bebeto de Freitas

Paulo Roberto de Freitas, best known as Bebeto (January 15, 1950 – March 13, 2018) was a Brazilian volleyball coach and football manager. He was the President of Botafogo FR football club.

Bebeto was born in Rio de Janeiro. He won a silver medal at the 1984 Olympics. He won the 1998 World Championships with Italy men's national team. He also competed in the volleyball tournaments at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.

The following year he began his career as football manager for Clube Atlético Mineiro, moving to Botafogo in 2002, bringing the team back to Campeonato Brasileiro Série A in 2003.

De Freitas died on March 13, 2018 of a heart attack in Belo Horizonte, Brazil at the age of 68.

Jens Nilsson

Jens Bertil Georg Nilsson (25 September 1948 – 13 March 2018) was a Swedish politician. He served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for Sweden from 2009 to 2018. He was a member of the Social Democrats, part of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats.

Nilsson died on 13 March 2018 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 69.


Conor Lamb

Conor James Lamb (born June 27, 1984) is an American politician and attorney. He is also a former United States Marine. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Representative from 2018 to 2023.

Lamb was the Democratic candidate for Congress in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district for 2018 special election. He ran against Republican Trump-backed State representative Rick Saccone. Lamb won with a narrow lead of 627 votes.

Lamb was a federal prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's office in Pittsburgh, where he worked to fight the opioid epidemic by leading prosecutions of cases involving opioid-related deaths, violent crimes, and gun trafficking.

In August 2021, Lamb announced that he would be running for the United States Senate in the 2022 election.


Rick Saccone

Richard Saccone (born February 14, 1958) is an American politician and author. He was in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 2011 through 2019. He represented the state's 39th district as a Republican. 

Saccone was his party's nominee for the 18th congressional district special election, which was held on March 13, 2018 running against Democrat Conor Lamb. He narrowly lost the election to Lamb by 600 votes.

Saccone took part of the riots outside the United States Capitol to overturn the 2020 election on January 6, 2021.


Kyrsten Sinema

Kyrsten Lea Sinema (; born July 12, 1976) is the senior United States Senator from Arizona since January 3, 2019. She was the U.S. Representative for . She was first elected in 2012. 

Sinema is an independent. She served in both chambers of the State Legislature, being elected to the Arizona House of Representatives in 2004 and the Arizona Senate in 2010.

Sinema has worked for the adoption of the DREAM Act, pro-immigration reforms and supports same-sex marriage. She was the first openly bisexual person elected to the U.S. Congress.

Sinema ran in the United States Senate election in Arizona in 2018 to replace Senator Jeff Flake, who retired from the seat. She won the Democratic nomination in August 2018 and defeated Republican Martha McSally.

Sinema is the first female senator elected in Arizona and the second openly LGBT person ever to serve in the Senate, after Tammy Baldwin.

On December 9, 2022, Sinema left the Democratic Party and registered as an independent.


Scream (1996 movie)

Scream is a 1996 American slasher movie directed by Wes Craven. It was written by Kevin Williamson. The film stars David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Matthew Lillard, Seth Green, Dax Shepard, Freddie Prinze Jr., Rose McGowan, Skeet Ulrich, Jamie Kennedy and Drew Barrymore.

It was the first movie of the "Scream" franchise.

High school student Casey Becker (Drew Barrymore) receives a flirtatious phone call from an unknown person, asking her, "What's your favorite scary movie?" However, the caller turns sadistic and threatens her life. He reveals that her boyfriend Steve Orth (Kevin Patrick Walls) is being held hostage and demands she answer questions about horror films. After Casey gets one wrong, Steve is murdered. When Casey refuses to answer more questions, she is murdered by a masked killer. Her parents come home to find her corpse hanging from a tree.

The following day, the news media descend on the town and a police investigation begins. Meanwhile, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) struggles with the impending first anniversary of her mother's murder by Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber). While waiting at home for her friend, Tatum Riley (Rose McGowan), Sidney and her brother Jerry Prescott (Matthew Lillard) receive a threatening phone call. After she hangs up and she and Jerry are attacked by the killer, but manage to escape. Sidney's boyfriend, Billy Loomis (Skeet Ulrich), arrives shortly after, but after he drops his cell phone, Sidney and Jerry suspect him of making the call and flee. Billy is arrested and Sidney and Jerry spend the night at Tatum's house.

Billy is released the next day. Suspicion has shifted to Sidney and Jerry's father, Neil Prescott (Lawrence Hecht), as the calls have been traced to his phone. School is suspended in the wake of the murders. After the students have left the school, Principal Himbry (Henry Winkler) is stabbed to death in his office. Tatum's boyfriend, Stu Macher (Freddie Prinze Jr.) throws a party to celebrate the school's closure. The party is attended by Sidney, Jerry, Tatum and their friends Dan Williams (Seth Green), Tom Scott (Dax Shepard) and Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy), and multiple other students. Reporter Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) attends uninvited to cover the situation, as she expects the killer to strike. Tatum's brother deputy sheriff Dewey Riley (David Arquette) also looks out for the murderer at the party. Tatum is killed during the party after having her head crushed by the garage door. Billy arrives to speak to Sidney privately, and the two ultimately consummate their relationship. Dewey and Gale investigate a nearby abandoned car. Many party attendees are drawn away after hearing news of Himbry's death; Sidney, Jerry, Dan, Tom, Billy, Randy, Stu, and Gale's cameraman Kenny remain.

After having sex, Sidney and Billy are attacked by the killer, who seemingly murders Billy. Sidney, Jerry, Dan and Tom narrowly escape the house and seeks help from Kenny (W. Earl Brown), but the killer slits his throat; Sidney, Jerry, Dan and Tom then flee again. Gale and Dewey, having discovered that the car belongs to Neil Prescott, return to the house. They believe Neil is the killer and has come to the party to continue his spree. Gale tries to escape in her van, but drives off the road and crashes to avoid hitting Sidney, Jerry, Dan and Tom. Meanwhile, Dewey is stabbed in the back while investigating in the house, and Sidney takes his gun. Stu and Randy appear and accuse each other of being the killer. Sidney, Jerry, Dan and Tom retreat into the house, where they find Billy wounded but still alive. Sidney gives Billy the gun; he lets Randy into the house and shoots him. Billy reveals that he feigned his injuries and is actually the killer; Stu is his accomplice.

Billy and Stu discuss their plan to kill Sidney, Jerry, Dan and Tom and frame the murder spree on Sidney and Jerry's father, whom they have taken hostage. The pair also reveal that they, not Cotton, murdered her mother, Maureen, as she was having an affair with Billy's father, which drove his mother away. Gale, who survived the crash, intervenes, and Sidney, Jerry, Dan and Tom take advantage of this to turn the tables on their attackers, killing Stu. Randy is revealed to be wounded but alive. Billy stabs Dan in the ribs, killing him, then Billy attacks Sidney but she shoots him through the head, killing him, Jerry runs over to Dan's body, then Dan gives Jerry his photo album with pictures of him, Jerry, Tom, Sidney, Tatum, Billy, Stu, Randy, Cici (who will appear in Scream 2), Martha, Jerry's old friends: (Douglas Harris (who will appear in Scream 4), Karen James and Thomas Weston) and Sidney and Jerry's brother Steve (who will appear in Scream 3), as Dan slowly dies, Jerry cries over Dan's body. As the sun rises and police arrive, a badly injured Dewey is taken away by ambulance and Gale makes an impromptu news report about the night's events. Two weeks later at Dan's funeral, Sidney, Jerry, Tom and Randy stand near Dan's grave.


Scream 4

Scream 4 (stylized as SCRE4M) is a 2011 American slasher film and the fourth and most recent installment in the "Scream" series. Directed by Wes Craven (his final feature film before his death in 2015) and written by Kevin Williamson (who returned to the series after writing the first two films), the film stars an ensemble cast, which includes David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Matthew Lillard, Bonnie Somerville, Paul Rudd, Emma Roberts, Hayden Panettiere, Anthony Anderson, Adam Brody, Rory Culkin, Mary McDonnell, Marley Shelton, Alison Brie, Marielle Jaffe, Erik Knudsen, Nick Palatas, Britt Robertson, Aimee Teegarden and Nico Tortorella. The plot involves Sidney Prescott returning to Woodsboro after ten years, as part of her book tour. As soon as she arrives, Ghostface once again begins killing students from Woodsboro High.

Originally, the series was intended to be a trilogy, but film production for a fourth installment was approved by Bob Weinstein. Filming took place in and around Ann Arbor, Michigan, from June 2010 to September 2010, with re-shoots in early 2011.

"Scream 4" was released on April 15, 2011 and grossed $97 million against its $40 million budget. It received mixed reviews from critics, although many noted it as an improvement over "Scream 3".

On the fifteenth anniversary of the original Woodsboro massacre, high school students Jenny Randall (Aimee Teegarden) and Marnie Cooper (Britt Robertson) are attacked and brutally murdered by a new Ghostface, but Jenny's brother Kyle Randall (Nick Palatas) manages to escape and survive.

The following day, Sidney (Neve Campbell) and Jerry Prescott (Matthew Lillard) return to Woodsboro to promote Sidney's new book with their publicist Rebecca Walters (Alison Brie). After evidence is found in Sidney's rental car, Sidney, Jerry, his girlfriend Denise Thompson (Bonnie Somerville) and Jerry's old friend Douglas Harris (Paul Rudd) become suspects in the murders and must stay in town until the murders are solved. Sidney and Jerry's cousin, Jill (Emma Roberts), who is dealing with the betrayal of her ex-boyfriend, Trevor Sheldon (Nico Tortorella) gets a threatening phone call from Ghostface, as does her friend Olivia Morris (Marielle Jaffe). Jill and Olivia, alongside their friend Kirby Reed (Hayden Panettiere) are questioned about their calls by Dewey Riley (David Arquette) who is now the sheriff, while one of his deputies, Judy Hicks (Marley Shelton) assists him in the case. Meanwhile, Dewey's wife, Gale Weathers-Riley (Courteney Cox), is struggling with writer's block and decides to investigate the murder instead.

Sidney and Jerry stay with Jill and their aunt Kate Roberts (Mary McDonnell) along with Kyle. Later that night, Olivia, who lives next door to Jill and Kate, is attacked and killed by Ghostface as Jill and Kirby watch in horror. Sidney, Jerry, Douglas, Kyle and Jill rush in to save Olivia, but the killer injures them and gets away; Sidney, Jerry, Douglas, Kyle and Jill are taken to the hospital. In the hospital's parking garage, Ghostface murders Rebecca. Gale, trying to solve the murders, enlists the help of two high school movie fanatics, Charlie Walker (Rory Culkin) and Robbie Mercer (Erik Knudsen), who explain that the killer is using the rules of movie remakes. Charlie concludes that the killer will likely strike at a party being held that night.

Gale goes to the party to investigate. Ghostface injures her but flees when Dewey arrives. Dewey takes her to the hospital. At Jill's house, Sidney, Jerry, Douglas and Kyle discover that the policemen assigned to guard the house are dead. They also discover that Jill has left the house and gone to Kirby's. Sidney, Jerry, Douglas and Kyle go down to tell Kate, but the killer appears, kills Kate, and disappears again. After Deputy Judy Hicks arrives, Sidney, Jerry, Douglas and Kyle rush to Kirby's house to save Jill on their own.

Jill, Kirby, Charlie, Robbie and Trevor are at Kirby's house when Ghostface appears and murders a drunken Robbie. Sidney and Jerry arrive at the house. Kirby is forced to answer horror movie trivia to save Charlie, who is tied up outside. Sidney, Jerry, Douglas and Kyle go upstairs to find Jill, promising to return to Kirby. After Kirby answers Ghostface's questions, she goes outside to untie Charlie, believing that she has won the game. He suddenly stabs her in the stomach and reveals himself as Ghostface, before leaving her for dead. Sidney, Jerry, Douglas and Kyle are confronted by Charlie and a second Ghostface, who is revealed as Jill. Jill explains that her motive was out of anger and jealousy because of the fame that Sidney and Jerry had received for surviving the murders, and that they intend to frame Trevor as Ghostface; she then pulls Trevor out of a closet and shoots him in the head. Jill then betrays Charlie and kills him, too, to pin him as Trevor's accomplice and to make herself the sole survivor. Jill stabs Sidney in the stomach, then shoots Jerry in the shoulder after he tried to take revenge on her, then she shoots Douglas in the arm and shoots Kyle in the leg and mutilates herself to make it seem as if Trevor attacked her, Later, Dewey, Judy, and the rest of the police stumble upon the carnage.

Sidney, Jerry, Douglas, Kyle and Jill are then taken to the hospital. After discovering that Sidney, Jerry, Douglas and Kyle had survived, she goes to Sidney and Jerry's hospital room and attempts to finish them. Dewey, Gale, Douglas, Kyle, and Judy intervene, having been clued by a detail about Gale's injury that Jill somehow knew. Jill subdues Sidney and Jerry's rescuers, which gives Sidney and Jerry the chance to shoot her in the chest, finally killing her. Dewey calls in all police units, as media reporters outside confirm Jill as "the new Sidney Prescott", a title that would be short lived, and after Jill's death Jerry asks Denise to marry him and she accepts, Sidney, Douglas, Kyle, Judy, Gale and Dewey attended Jerry and Denise's wedding, and Denise became Denise Thompson-Prescott, and 6 months later Jerry and Denise have two kids named George Thomas Prescott and Jennifer Georgia Prescott and Sidney became an aunt of Jerry and Denise's kids.


Life OK

Life OK was a Hindi Language Indian Television Channel based in India a part of Star India. Which was fully owned by 21st Century Fox.

The channel launched on 11 December 2011.and is distributed many parts of the world.
The channel replaced Star India's now defunct youth oriented channel STAR One. The channel underwent an indantify change on 28 Against 2017 by replacing Life OK the entire channel name and branding has been changed and the channel known as Star Bharat.

19 Kids and Counting

19 Kids and Counting was an American reality television series. The series was broadcast on TLC from 2008 to 2015. It was first called "17 Kids and Counting". The name changed because the parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar had more children. The series shows the religious lifestyle of the Duggar family. The series ended after the oldest son, Josh, admitted to sexual abuse of his younger sisters.

"Parents"

They were married on July 21, 1984. Jim and Michelle have 19 children and permanent custody of Michelle's great-nephew Tyler.

"Children"
"Grand-Children"

2147483647

2,147,483,647 or 2147483647 is a Mersenne prime. It is the result of 2−1, and it is one of only four known double Mersenne primes.

Whistling

Whistling by people can be done without a whistle. Hard to describe, it is done by creating a small opening with one's lips and then blowing or sucking air through the hole. The air is moderated by the lips, curled tongue, teeth or fingers (placed over the mouth).

The use of pursed lips, tongue and sometimes fingers is to create turbulence The curled tongue acts as a resonant chamber, acting as a type of Helmholtz resonator. The art of whistling is a hard task to accomplish but is much easier once mastered.

Whistling is done to make people at a distance hear your signal. Sometimes used to call a cab, it can be used in dense forest or on hill-tops. It is a non-verbal method of communication which says, in effect, "take notice, I'm here". Whistling is widely used by shepherds to control their dogs.

Helmholtz resonance

Helmholtz resonance or wind throb is air resonance in a cavity. Examples:

The name comes from a device created in the 1850s by Hermann von Helmholtz, the "Helmholtz resonator". He used it to find the various frequencies or musical pitches in music and other complex sounds.

Hermann von Helmholtz

Hermann Ludwig Ferdinand von Helmholtz (31 August 1821 – 8 September 1894) was a German physician and physicist who made significant contributions in several scientific fields. The Helmholtz Association is named after him.

In physiology and psychology, he is known for his mathematics of the eye, theories of vision, ideas on the visual perception of space, and color vision research. His work on the sensation of tone, perception of sound, and the physiology of perception is also notable.

In physics, he is known for his theories on the conservation of energy, work in electrodynamics, chemical thermodynamics, and on a mechanical foundation of thermodynamics.

As a philosopher, he is known for his philosophy of science, ideas on the relation between the laws of perception and the laws of nature, the science of aesthetics, and ideas on the civilizing power of science.

Rationalization (mathematics)

The rationalization of denominators is to get rid of radicals that are in the denominator (the bottom part of a fraction). It works by dividing the bottom radical by itself, then multiplying that by the first expression.

Selhurst railway station

Selhurst railway station is a train station in Selhurst, South London in London Borough of Croydon. The station opened in 1868. It is served by Southern. It is in Fare Zone 4.

There are 4 platforms at Selhurst. Platform 1 is for southbound services towards Caterham, East Croydon, Sutton and Epsom. Platform 2 is for northbound services towards London Victoria and London Bridge. Platforms 3 is for fast southbound services and platform 4 is for fast northbound services that pass this station.



London Buses route 75 and 157 serve this station.


Jim Bowen

James Whittaker (born Peter Williams; 20 August 1937 – 14 March 2018), known professionally as Jim Bowen, was an English stand-up comedian and television personality. He was the long-time host of the ITV game show "Bullseye", which he presented from its beginning in 1981 through to 1995. He was born in Heswall, England.

Bowen eventually devoted himself to comedy full-time, having been influenced by Ken Dodd and first appeared on television in "The Comedians". This led to other television work during during the 1970s. He achieved national attention after becoming host on "Bullseye", which was a ratings success throughout the 1980s.

Bowen died on 14 March 2018, aged 80.


Antony, Hauts-de-Seine

Antony () is a French commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is from the centre of Paris.

Antony is a subprefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine department and the seat of the arrondissement of Antony.

Watered by the Bièvre, a tributary of the Seine, Antony is located at the crossroads of very important transport routes, especially the main north-south axis which has existed for 2,000 years. Little urbanized until the early 20th century, the city grew considerably between the two wars, under Senator-Mayor Auguste Mounié, from 4,000 to 20,000 inhabitants. In the early 1960s the population quickly increased from 25,000 to 50,000 to accommodate the repatriated people from Algeria.

Narendra Jha

Narendra Jha (2 September 1962 – 14 March 2018) was an Indian actor. Jha is known for his work in Bollywood productions; his most noted movies being "Haider", "Raees", "Ghayal Once Again", "Hamari Adhuri Kahani", "Mohenjo Daro", "Shorgul", "My Father Iqbal", "Force 2", "Kaabil", "2016 The End".

Jha died at his farmhouse in Nashik early on 14 March 2018 after suffering a massive heart attack. He was 55 years old.

Rustenhart

Rustenhart is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Santa Maria Val Müstair

Santa Maria Val Müstair () is a village in the Val Müstair municipality of the district of Inn in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. In 2009, Santa Maria Val Müstair merged with Lü, Müstair, Fuldera, Tschierv and Valchava to form the municipality of Val Müstair.

Pszów

Pszów () is a town in Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland. In 2004, 14,035 people lived there.

Rypin

Rypin () is a town in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship,
Poland. It is the capital of Rypin County.

Rypin is about 50 km east of Toruń.

In 2009, 16,950 people lived there.

East Liverpool, Ohio

East Liverpool is a city in Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,958 people lived there.

East Liverpool is located along the Ohio River. It borders the states of Pennsylvania and West Virginia.

Fifty Shades Freed (movie)

Fifty Shades Freed is an American romantic and erotic drama movie. It was released on February 9, 2018. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by E.L. James. It is the third and final movie of the "Fifty Shades" series.

Newly married Anastasia "Ana" Steele and Christian Grey end their honeymoon early. They return to Seattle after they hear about a break-in at Christian's corporate headquarters. Some computer files have been stolen. The security tapes say the thief is Jack Hyde. He had been Ana's boss until he was fired.

Christian surprises Ana with a new house. He hires architect Gia Matteo to rebuild it.

Ana is upset when Gia, an attractive young woman, flirts with Christian in front of Ana. Ana is jealous. She says she will fire Gia if she continues flirting with Christian.

While Christian is away on a business trip. He wants Ana to stay at home while he is away, but she goes out for a drink with her best friend, Kate Kavanagh. Kate is dating Christian's older brother Elliot. She says to Ana that her relationship may be dying. Elliot is working closely with Gia. Kate is suspicious of the relationship.

When Ana returns home, she encounters Jack Hyde. He tries to kidnap her. Ana's security team stop him as he holds her hostage. Hyde is then arrested.

Christian and Ana continue with their erotic sexual experiment. But matters become more complicated when Ana says she's pregnant. Christian is deeply disturbed. He had other plans for their early years. The next day, Ana finds out that Christian may have recently contacted his BDSM dominant and ex-lover Elena Lincoln.

Meanwhile, Jack Hyde has been released. He phones Ana. He asks for a ransom for Christian's sister Mia. Hyde wants $5 million in cash in two hours, or Mia will be dead. He warns Ana to tell no one, and bring the money alone. Ana takes out some cash and a revolver. She then goes to the bank and takes out the full amount.

The bank manager is suspicious and calls Christian. Christian thinks Ana is leaving him. But then he notices the coincidence of Hyde's recent release and Ana's sudden cash takeout. Hyde tells Ana to get into a car parked in an alley and give her phone to the driver to discard. But instead, she tricks Hyde by taking the bank manager's phone. She goes out the back entrance. She then learns the driver and partner in crime is her co-worker Liz.

Ana arrives at the drop-off site with the money. Hyde is psychotic and angry. He attacks Ana and kicks her in her abdomen. Liz tries to stop Hyde. Ana pulls out the revolver and shoots Hyde in his leg. Christian and his security team have tracked Ana's cell phone. They come and arrest Hyde and Liz. Ana blacks out as she hears Christian's voice.

Ana wakes up three days later in the hospital with Christian at her side. Christian's adoptive mother, Grace, says that Ana will not leave him. Ana goes home the next day.

Christian's private investigator, Welch, reports that Christian and Hyde had the same foster family. It is also learned that Hyde had blackmailed Liz into being his partner in crime.

Two years later, Ana and Christian have a son named Theodore. Ana is pregnant with her second child.


"Fifty Shades Freed" was released on February 9, 2018 by Universal Pictures.

The movie made $98.5 million in the United States and Canada. In other countries, it made $261.3 million. Worldwide, it made $359.8 million. The budget was $55 million.

Rotten Tomatoes rates this movie at 13%, with 140 reviews.

Louise Slaughter

Dorothy Louise McIntosh Slaughter (August 14, 1929 – March 16, 2018) was an American politician. She was the United States representative for New York's 25th congressional district from 1987 until her death in 2018. She was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Slaughter was the Chairwoman of the House Rules Committee from 2007 until 2011, and served as ranking minority member of the Committee (a post she also held from 2005 to 2007) from 2011 to 2018. From the 2017 retirement of Charles Rangel until her death, Slaughter was the dean of New York's House delegation. Slaughter was the oldest Member of the House of Representatives at the time of her death.

Slaughter died at a Washington, D.C. hospital of complications from a fall on March 16, 2018 at the age of 88.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

Silicon controlled rectifier

Silicon controlled rectifier (SCR) is a type of thyristor. It is a four-layer solid-state current-controlling device.

SCRs are unidirectional devices: they conduct current only in one direction. Normally, SCRs can be triggered only by currents going into the gate.

A rectifier is an electrical device that converts alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC). SCRs are used for rectification of high-power AC in high-voltage direct-current power transmission. They are also used in the control of welding machines.

SCRs are mainly used in devices for the control of high power, perhaps with high voltage. They are suitable for use in medium- to high-voltage AC power control applications, such as lamp dimming, power regulators and motor control.

Rudolf Mang

Rudolf Mang (17 June 1950 – 12 March 2018) was a German heavyweight weightlifter. He was born in Bellenberg, Germany. He competed at the 1968 and 1972 Olympics and placed fifth and second, respectively. 

Between 1971 and 1972 he won four more medals at the world and European championships and set two world records: one in the snatch and one in the press.

Mang died in Berlin on 12 March 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 67.

Emilio Disi

Emilio Disi (2 August 1943 – 14 March 2018) was an Argentine actor and comedian. He was born in Buenos Aires. Acting from 1968 until his death in 2018, he appeared in Daniel Burman's 2002 movie "Todas las azafatas van al cielo". Disi also appeared in a number of TV series. His last performance in movies was in 2004 in "Los de la esquina".

Disi died in Buenos Aires of lung cancer on 14 March 2018 at the age of 75.

Rameshraj Tewarikar

Rameshraj Tewarikar was born on March 15, 1954 in village Aice, district - Aligarh, (Uttar Pradesh). His full name is Ramesh Chandra Gupta and his father Ramcharan Gupta was Brajbhasha folk writer and freedom fighter. while his mother Ganga Devi was an ordinary homemaker. From childhood, He was interested in participating in the school's cultural programs. In childhood, he received literary guidance from his poet-father and through his seminar of poet-friends. He received informal education of poetry writing. He also edited the 'Tewari-Paksh' magazine.



Aag De Lanka Main, Jai Kanhaiyalal Ki, Ghada Pap Ka Bhar Raha, Man Ke Ghav Naye Na, Dhan Ka Mad Gad-Gad Kare, Mera Hal Sodium Sa Hai, Ravan-Kul Ke Log, Anatar Aah Anant Ati,Puchh Na Kabira Jag Ka Hal, Rameshraj Ke Charchit Tewari-Sangrah



Radhtriya Bal Kavitayein


He has been honored with many awards.

Liam O'Flynn

Liam O'Flynn (, 15 April 1945 – 14 March 2018) was an Irish uilleann piper and traditional folk musician. 

In addition to a solo career and his work with the group Planxty, O'Flynn recorded with many international musical artists, including Christy Moore, Dónal Lunny, Andy Irvine, Kate Bush, Mark Knopfler, the Everly Brothers, Emmylou Harris, Mike Oldfield, Mary Black, Enya and Sinéad O'Connor.

O'Flynn died on 14 March 2018 from emphysema at the age of 72.

Petar Stipetić

Petar Stipetić (24 October 1937 – 14 March 2018) was a Croatian general. He served as the Chief of General Staff of the Croatian Armed Forces from 2000 until 2002.

On 14 September 1998, Stipetić was named honorary citizen of Ogulin. He was also decorated with several decorations:

Rubén Galván

Rubén Galván (7 April 1952 – 14 March 2018) was an Argentine football midfielder. He played for Club Atlético Independiente for most of his career. 

At international level, he was part of the Argentina squad that won the 1978 FIFA World Cup on home soil.

Galván died of cirrhosis on 14 March 2018 at the age of 65.

Broghil Valley National Park

Broghil Valley () is a valley and national park located in the upper northern reaches Chitral District, of Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is located close to the Afghan-Pakistan border.


Sheikh Buddin National Park

Sheikh Buddin National Park (also spelled Sheikh Badin National Park) is in Dera Ismail Khan District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The park was established in 2003 and covers an area of 15,540 hectares.


Saiful Muluk National Park

Saiful Muluk National Park () is located in the Kaghan Valley in Mansehra District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, in northern Pakistan. The park was created in 2003.

Some of the park's fauna includes the snow leopard, asiatic black bear, marmot, weasel, eurasian lynx, indian leopard, Himalayan snowcock, and the snow partridge.

Lulusar-Dudipatsar National Park is close to Saiful Muluk National Park.


Lulusar-Dudipatsar National Park

Lulusar-Dodipat National Park () is in the Kaghan Valley in Mansehra District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The park was created in 2003. The scenic Dudipatsar Lake and Lulusar Lake and peaks are in the park.


Netcall

Netcall is a that provides technological solutions for businesses to engage with their customers. The company’s headquarters is in Hemel Hempstead, United Kingdom.

The company provides software services to the healthcare, public, and private sectors by designing, developing, and marketing communication, low-code platform, robotic process automation, workforce management, and business process management software services. The company provided call handling technology to more than 600 private and public sector  organizations.

In the year 2000, the company developed a product called QueueBuster. In 2009, Netcall acquired Q-Max Systems Limited, which provided workforce management software to contact centers. In 2010, the company acquired Telephonetics. The company acquired Bury St. Edmund-based Serengeti Systems in 2012. In August 2017, it acquired MatsSoft. In October 2020, Netcall acquired Automagica.

Human tooth

The human teeth mechanically break down pieces of food by cutting and crushing them before swallowing and digesting them. Humans have four types of teeth: incisors, canines, premolars, and molars, each with their own function.

Fiza Junejo

Fiza Junejo () is a Pakistani politician. She has served as the member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.

She won the National Assembly of Pakistan seat for women from Sindh on the ticket of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) in the Pakistani general election, 2008.

Kishan Chand Parwani

Kishan Chand Parwani is a Pakistani politician. He has served as the member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.

He won the National Assembly of Pakistan seat for minorities on the ticket of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) in the Pakistani general election, 2008.

Romania in World War II

During World War II, Romania started on Britain's side. Romania then signed a pact with Adolf Hitler and Germany and joined the German sides. They became allies with Germany.
On June 22, 1941, Romanian troops took part in the aggression against the Soviet Union.

Longan

Longan (scientific name: "Dimocarpus longan") is the name for a tree in the "Sapindaceae" (soapberry) family. It comes from the southern part of Asia and is related to the lychee.

The fruit of the longan is white, round, and together with its hard seed, looks like an eyeball when the shell is peeled off. This gave the fruit its name in Chinese, which means "dragon's eye". The English name is from its pronunciation in Cantonese, the dialect of southern China. The fruit is edible, has a sweet taste, and is often used for cooking. There is a lot of protein and dietary fiber.

Most longan trees are harvested in China, where the fruit was known as early as the Han dynasty and there are many legends about it. In the Western world, though, it was not known until near the end of the 18th century.


Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt

Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt (7 July 1931 – 14 March 2018) was a Danish movie director and screenwriter. He directed 32 movies between 1957 and 1995. His 1964 movie "To" was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival. Two years later, his 1967 movie "Story of Barbara" was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.

In 1965, he co-produced the movie "4x4" and it was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.

Kjærulff-Schmidt died after a short illness at the age of 86.

Søren Kragh-Jacobsen

Søren Kragh-Jacobsen (born 2 March 1947) is a Danish movie director, musician, and songwriter. He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.

He was one of the founders and members of the Dogme95 project for creating movies without artificial technology or techniques.

Kragh-Jacobsen was a popular musician in Denmark before going to film school in Prague. After returning to Denmark, he directed and co-wrote television productions.

His first feature movie was "Wanna See My Beautiful Navel?" (1978). Then he made the successful "Rubber Tarzan" (1981), "Thunderbirds" (1983), "Emma's Shadow" (1988), "Shower of Gold" (1988), "The Boys from St. Petri" (1991), "The Island on Bird Street" (1997), and his international break-through, dogme No. 3 "Mifune's Last Song" (1999), and "Skagerrak" (2003). "Mifune's Last Song" won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival. "Skagerrak" was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival. He has done some commercials and Danish/Swedish television series.

"The Boys from St. Petri" was screened out of competition at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.

Historical Dictionary of Switzerland

The Historical Dictionary of Switzerland is an encyclopedia on the history of Switzerland. It tries to use modern historical research to provide information in a broad manner. It is published by a foundation supported by the Swiss Academy of Humanities and Social Sciences (SAGW/ASSH) and the Swiss Historical Society (SGG-SHH). It is financed by national research grants. Other than 35 people at the central offices, it is written by a team including 100 academic advisors, 2500 historians and 100 translators.

The encyclopedia is being edited at the same time in the three national languages of Switzerland: German ("Historisches Lexikon der Schweiz", HLS), French ("Dictionnaire Historique de la Suisse", DHS) and Italian ("Dizionario Storico della Svizzera", DSS). There are 13 volumes. The first was published in 2002. The last volume was published in 2014.

The 36,000 headings are grouped into:

The on-line edition has been available since 1998. All articles in the print version are available, for free, but no images. It also lists all 36,000 topics that are to be covered.



Calendar era

A calendar era is the year numbering system used by a calendar. The Gregorian calendar for example numbers its years in the Western Anno Domini system (the Coptic Orthodox and Ethiopian Orthodox churches have their own Christian eras). The instant, date, or year from which time is marked is called the "epoch" of the era. There are many different calendar eras such as Saka Era.

In ancient times, regnal years were counted from the year a new monarch took the throne. This makes ancient timelines very difficult to reconstruct, because they are based on separate and scattered king lists, such as the Sumerian King List and the Babylonian Canon of Kings. In East Asia, having era names based on ruling monarchs ended in the 20th century except for Japan, where they are still used.

Doctoral advisor

A doctoral advisor (or dissertation director or dissertation advisor) is a university faculty member whose helps guide graduate students who are candidates for a doctorate degree. This includes helping them select coursework, as well as shaping, refining and directing the students' choice of sub-discipline in which they will be examined or on which they will write a dissertation. Students in general choose advisors based on their areas of interest within their discipline, their desire to work closely with particular graduate faculty, and the willingness and availability of those faculty to work with them.


Spreuerhofstraße

Spreuerhofstraße is one of the world's narrowest streets on the earth. It is in Reutlingen, which is a city in Germany. Its narrowest point is . Its widest point is . The street was built in 1727. This happened while the city built itself again. That was necessary because a big fire destroyed the city in 1726. The street is officially listed in the Land-Registry Office as City Street Number 77.

Former constellations

Former constellations are constellations that the International Astronomical Union does not accept. Many of these constellations were accepted by people for long periods of time, even centuries in many cases, so they do have historical value and can be found on older star charts.

1380s

1381
1382
1380
1381

Esther Lungu

Esther Nyawa Lungu (born 2 June 1961) is a Zambian politician and public figure. She is also the wife of the current President of Zambia Edgar Lungu. She was raised as a Catholic, but she and her husband are now Baptists. Lungu has campaigned against child marriage during her tenure as First Lady. She is the Chairman and mentor of Esther Lungu Foundation formed on December 2015 to empower women and children of Zambia.

 
Fernando Collor de Mello

Fernando Affonso Collor de Mello (; born August 12, 1949) is a Brazilian politician. He was the 32nd President of Brazil from 1990 to 1992. He defeated Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in the 1989 election. He resigned to try to stop his impeachment trial by the Brazilian Senate. Collor was the first President directly elected by the people after the end of the Brazilian military government.

Betty Kaunda

Betty Kaunda, born Beatrice Kaweche Banda (17 November 1928 – 18 September 2012)
was the wife of Kenneth Kaunda the first president of Zambia, and the 1st First Lady of Zambia from 1964 to 1991. She was locally called Mother of Zambia. As the First Lady, she was part of many diplomatic visits and matron of many organizations.
As a politician, she led a very simple life even after becoming the First Lady and never gave in to the luxuries of the position.

Betty was considered the national mother by Zambian citizens. Betty suffered from diabetes for many years. She died in the early hours of 19 September in Harare while visiting her daughter. Her burial was planned initially was Lubwa Mission, but was moved to the capital Lusaka on account of waning health of Dr. Kaunda.

Wath upon Dearne

Wath upon Dearne is a town within South Yorkshire. It has a population of over 16,000. It is within Rotherham, South Yorkshire.

Krafla

Krafla is a volcano in the north of Iceland. It is a caldera. It is about in diameter. The fissure zone is long.

Krafla's highest peak is high.

Krafla includes the crater Víti, one of two well-known craters by this name in Iceland (the other is in Askja). The Icelandic word "víti" means "hell". In former times, people often believed hell to be under volcanoes. Víti has a green lake inside of it.

The "Mývatn fires" occurred between 1724–1729, when many of the fissure vents opened up. The lava fountains could be seen in the south of the island. The lava flow destroyed three farms near the village of Reykjahlíð. Nobody was harmed.

Between 1975 and 1984 there was a volcanic episode within the Krafla volcano.

Since 1977 the Krafla area has been the source of the geothermal energy used by a power station.

Alcione

Alcione is an extinct genus of nyctosaurid pterosaur from Maastrichtian-aged rocks from the Ouled Abdoun Basin in Morocco. It was one of six new Maastriichtian-aged pterosaurs described in 2018. Two of these pterosaurs are yet to be named.

Barbaridactylus

Barbaridactylus is an extinct genus of nyctosaurid pterosaur from Maastrichtian/Danian-aged rocks from the Ouled Abdoun Basin in Morocco. It was one of six new Maastriichtian/Danian-aged pterosaurs described in 2018. Two of these pterosaurs are yet to be named.

"Barbaridactylus" was probably a slender pterosaur. Its arm and wing bones were averagely sized for a pterosaur of its time.

"Barbaridactylus" was described based from two specimens.

The first specimen consisted of a partial jaw, a single neck vertebra, part of the arm and wing bones and the left thigh bone.

The second specimen (catalogued as USM93000) consists of a well preserved skeleton.

"Barbaridactylus" was discovered in the Ouled Abdoun Basin in Morocco. It coexisted with the pterosaurs "Alcione", "Simurghia", "Tethydraco" and "Phospatodraco" and the dinosaur "Chenanisaurus".

Pectodens

Pectodens (meaning "comb tooth") is an extinct archosauromorph from Middle Triassic China.The type and only species of the genus is Pectodens zhenyuensis, named by Chun Li and colleagues in 2017. It may be a member of the Protorosauria; an unusual combination of traits similar (such as the long neck) and dissimilar (such as the absence of a hook on the fifth metatarsal bone) to other members causes "Pectodens" to elude exact classification.

Vlamertinge

Vlamertinge is a village in the Belgian province of West Flanders and a borough of the city of Ypres. The village center of Vlamertinge lies just outside the city center of Ypres, along the main road N38 to the nearby town of Poperinge.

In addition to the city center of Ypres itself, Vlamertinge is the largest borough of Ypres. In the west of Vlamertinge, along the road to Poperinge, is the hamlet of Brandhoek.

The earliest data about Vlamertinge date from the Middle Ages. In 857 a chapel was built in Vlamertinge. In 970 Ypres was destroyed and the chapel of Vlamertinge burned down. The oldest document, known to date, which includes the name Flambertenges, is a deed of the year 1066. Baldwin V, Count of Flanders, his wife Adela and their son Baldwin, in this deed gave goods to the church and the Chapter (religion) from Sint-Pieters by Lille. These goods were, among others, a tenth located in Elverdinge and also a tenth located in Vlamertinge - "In territorio Furnensi, in villa Elverzenges, decinam unam ; Flambertenges decinam similiter unam".

In the Ancien Régime Vlamertinge was a "Heerlijkheid" of Veurne-Ambacht with 22 backlendings and suffered a lot from the sieges of nearby Ypres.

During the First World War, the whole village was destroyed by bombing. In 1944, during the Second World War, Vlamertinge was liberated by a Polish armored division.

Vlamertinge would come from Flambert (a name) + inga (son, descendant of (genitive)) + heim (domicile). The oldest known spellings of the current Vlamertinge are: Flembertenges (1066), Flamertingha (1123), Flambertinghes (1142), Flamertinge (1154), Flamertinga (1185), Flamertinghe (1200), Flambertengues (1202), Flamertinghes (1238), Flamertinges (1269), Vlamertinghe (1272), Vlamertinghes (1275), Flamertenghe (1275), Vlamertincghe (1280), etc.

Vlamertinge is 17 meters above sea level. The municipality also borders Ypres in the East, Voormezele in the Southeast, Kemmel and Dikkebus in the South, Reningelst in the Southwest, Poperinge in the West, Elverdinge in the North and Brielen in the Northeast.

From 1487 to 1697 we see a large decline in the population of Vlamertinge. The most plausible explanation for this would have been the Eighty Years' War in the Seventeen Provinces.

There are 70 to 80 stores in Vlamertinge. In Vlamertinge there is a large company Valcke that makes concrete constructions and therefore also offers employment for many people in the village.


Vlamertinge had its own municipal council and mayor until the mergers of 1977. Mayors were:


People speak of "Vlamertingse Pottebrekers"(Vlamertingisch pot crushers), and the pots that are meant here are obviously beer pots.



Townsend Coleman

Townsend Putnam Coleman III (born 28 May 1954) is an American voice actor who performed in many animated series and TV commercials beginning in the early 1980s. Among his most notable roles are Michaelangelo from "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", Wayne Gretzky on "ProStars" and the title characters in "Where's Waldo?" and the eponymous "The Tick".


East Palestine, Ohio

East Palestine (pronounced "eest pal' uh steen") is a village in eastern Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. In 2020, 4,761 people lived there. It is on the Ohio-Pennsylvania border.

East Palestine, originally named Mechanicsburg when it was platted in 1828 by Thomas McCalla and William Grate, underwent a name change in 1833. It adopted the moniker("nickname") "East Palestine," inspired by the Middle Eastern region of Palestine. This historical transition in naming reflects the town's evolution over the years.

On February 3, 2023, there was a train accident in the village. A freight train was carrying dangerous chemicals. The train went off the tracks and the chemicals escaped from some of the twenty or so freight cars that carried the chemicals. The East Palestine government declared a state of emergency the next day. Two days later, on February 6, the governor of Ohio said people had to leave ("evacuate") the area. He said they had to do this because the chemicals might explode. Then the chemicals were drained from the many freight cars into a trench and burned to get rid of them. Then the chemicals were burned. On February 8, people could return. 

The chemicals in the freight cars included vinyl chloride, butyl acrylate, ethylhexyl acrylate, and ethylene glycol monobutyl. 

There are three public schools in East Palestine.

The village has a public library. It is the East Palestine Memorial Public Library.

The village has a history museum. It is the Log House Museum.

The village has a post office.

Olmsted Falls, Ohio

Olmsted Falls is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a southwestern suburb of Cleveland.

Hocking County, Ohio

Hocking County is a county in Ohio. In 2020, 28,050 people lived there. The county seat is Logan. The county was founded on March 1, 1818.

Brown County, Ohio

Brown County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 43,676. The county seat is Georgetown. The county was created in 1818 and is named for Major General Jacob Brown, an officer in the War of 1812 who was wounded at the Battle of Lundy's Lane.

Brown County is part of the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Brown County was said to be the place of origin of the White Burley type of tobacco, grown in 1864 by George Webb and Joseph Fore on the farm of Captain Frederick Kautz near Higginsport from seed from Bracken County, Kentucky.

Mason, Ohio

Mason is a city in southwestern Warren County, Ohio, United States. It is about from downtown Cincinnati. 34,792 people lived there in the 2020 census.

In 2013, Mason was ranked seventh in Money Magazine's 2013 Top 50 Best Places to live in the United States. In 2008 and 2011, CNN named Mason one of the top 100 places to live in the United States.

Fayette County, Ohio

Fayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 28,951 people lived there. The county seat is Washington Court House.

Musa ibn Jafar

Musa ibn Jafar, also known as Al-Qazim (the one who controls his anger) was the seventh Shia Imam, after his father Jafar ibn Muhammad. He is also highly respected among Sunnis, who consider him as a renowned scholar. There occurred division in Shias on the question of Imamate. Ismailis said that Ismail ibn Jafar, the eldest son of Jafar ibn Muhammad should be the next imam while the larger group Jafari (or Twelvers) considered Musa ibn Jafar to be the next imam.

Olivooides

Olivooides is an oogenus/genus of Cambrian-aged embryo fossil found in China. It was related to the Siberian "Markuelia".

Most "Olivooides" fossils are in a late embryonic stage, having died before hatching.
Some show a hatched animal, conical with a star-shape surface, and stellae. They are pertural in the peak. There is an addition of striated tissue that indicates growth.

Nicolas Den Hane

Nicolas Den Hane was a bailiff of Vlamertinge around the beginning of the 14th century (1300s). He was mentioned in an investigation of the Vierschaar of Veurne. He had to resolve a conflict between some citizens of Vlamertinge and Jan Vander Kerckhove, the bailiff of nearby Poperinge. The conflict was about defining two Flemings' grounds.

President of the Soviet Union

The President of the Soviet Union, officially called President of the USSR or President of the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics was the head of state of the Soviet Union. Mikhail Gorbachev was the last person to hold the office. Gorbachev was also General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union between March 1985 and August 1991. He was the 10th and the only executive President of the Soviet Union rather than his predecessors who were Ceremonial Presidents.

Neuquenraptor

Neuquenraptor is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaurs of the Late Cretaceous of Argentina, one of the first dromaeosaurids found in the Southern Hemisphere.

Grumman C-2 Greyhound

The Grumman C-2 Greyhound is an American military aircraft used for transport duties. It serve only with the United States Navy on aircraft carrier. This kind of aircraft is known as COD for Carrier Onboard Delivery. In 2020 it will be replaced by CMV-22B Osprey.


Talarurus

Talarurus ( ; meaning "Wicker tail") is an extinct genus of ankylosaur dinosaur. It lived about 90 million years ago during the Upper Cretaceous in what is now Mongolia. 

"Talarurus" was a hippopotamus-sized, heavily built, ground-dwelling, quadrupedal herbivore. It could grow up to about long. Like other ankylosaurs it had heavy armour and a club on its tail. "Talarurus" is one of the oldest known ankylosaurines from Asia and one of the better-known ankylosaurs from Mongolia.

Credit Suisse

Credit Suisse Group is a Swiss bank. It is headquartered in Zurich.

The company was founded in 1856 as Schweizerische Kreditanstalt (SKA, ) jointly by Alfred Escher and the German bank which held 50% of the equity.

After the bank had financial problems because the customers lost confidence, it was decided to integrate Credit Suisse into UBS. This decision was communicated on March 19, 2023. 

Wind Gap, Pennsylvania

Wind Gap is a borough in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Grandview Heights, Ohio

Grandview Heights is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The population was 8,085 at the 2020 census.

Green, Ohio

Green is a city in Summit County in the state of Ohio in the United States.

It is midway between the cities of Akron and Canton.

Greenfield, Ohio

Greenfield is a village in Ohio, United States.

Grove City, Ohio

Grove City is a city of Franklin County in the state of Ohio, United States. The population was 41,252 at the 2020 census. The city was founded in 1852.

The Gantz Homestead was built in 1832.

Highland Heights, Ohio

Highland Heights is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Kent, Ohio

Kent is a city in Portage County in the state of Ohio, United States.

Surriya Naseem

Surriya Naseem (; born 10 November 1967) is a Pakistani politician who has been the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since May 2013.

She was born on 10 November 1967 in Faisalabad.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She got the degree of Master of Arts in Urdu from Murray College in 1989. She also got the degrees of Bachelor of Education in 1990 and Master of Arts in Islamiat in 1998, both from the University of the Punjab.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013.

West Carrollton, Ohio

West Carrollton is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Asad Ashraf

Asad Ashraf (; born 21 June 1963) is a Pakistani politician who has been the member of the Senate of Pakistan since March 2018. He has also been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Punjab from 2002 to 2013.

He was born on 21 June 1963 in Lahore.<ref name="pap/2002"></ref>

He got the degree of medicine from Allama Iqbal Medical College in 1986<ref name="dailypakistan/1march2018"></ref> and did his postgraduation in Cardiology from National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases, Karachi in 1994.

He joined Pakistan Muslim League (N) in 1996 after the murder of his brother, Javed Ashraf who was a member of the PML-N.

He had been advisor to the Chief Minister of Punjab Shehbaz Sharif from 1997 to 1999.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-138 (Lahore-II) in Pakistani general election, 2002. He got 10,651 votes and defeated a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q). During his tenure as the member of the Punjab Assembly, he remained deputy parliamentary leader of PML-N in the Punjab Assembly.

He was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-138 (Lahore-II) in Pakistani general election, 2008. He got 19,552 votes and defeated a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party.

He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Punjab as an independent candidate Constituency PP-138 (Lahore-II) in Pakistani general election, 2013 but was unsuccessful. He received 12 votes and lost the seat to Ghazali Saleem Butt. In the same election, he also ran for the seat of the National Assembly as an independent candidate from Constituency NA-118 (Lahore-I) but was unsuccessful. He received 16 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Riaz Malik.

Ashraf was elected to the Senate of Pakistan from Punjab general seat as an independent candidate in by-election held on 1 March 2018. He received 298 votes against a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf who secured 38 votes. Ashraf was backed by PML-N which initially nominated him but he had to run in the polls independently after the Election Commission of Pakistan declared his nomination papers cancelled following the disqualification of Nawaz Sharif by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. He took oath as Senator on 12 March 2018.

Time in New Zealand

New Zealand Standard Time (NZST) is a time zone that is used in New Zealand that is 12 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+12:00). New Zealand observes daylight saving time, called New Zealand Daylight Time (NZDT) which is 13 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+13:00). The Chatham Islands is at UTC+12:45 during standard time and UTC+13:45 during daylight saving time. The time zone there is called Chatham Island Standard Time (CHAST)during the non-daylight saving period and Chatham Island Daylight Time (CHADT)during the daylight saving period.

Daylight saving time starts at 02:00 on the last Sunday in September and ends at 03:00 on the first Sunday in April. The Chatham Islands switch at 02:45 and 03:45 on the same dates. The territory of Tokelau does not observe daylight saving time.

Day Planner

Day Planner was a program on The Weather Channel airing Mondays to Fridays from 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time from September 29, 2003 until November 11, 2013. It was hosted by Vivian Brown and Nick Walker.

Vera Tembo

Vera Tembo (born July 25, 1953) is a Zambian pastor, politician and member of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD). She has served as the First Lady of Zambia from 1991 until her separation from her former husband, President Frederick Chiluba. Tembo was married to Chiluba, with whom she had nine children, for thirty-three years, until he announced their separation in 2000. Chiluba became President of Zambia in 1991, making Tembo the country's First Lady from 1991 until their divorce.
Tembo left the State House, the presidential residence, shortly after Chiluba's announcement and moved in with family in Ndola. Their divorce became final on September 25, 2001, when an annulment was granted by a local court in Ndola after thirty-three years of marriage.
By early 2002, Zambian newspapers reported that Tembo was living in poverty after Chiluba had allegedly frozen her bank account. She filed a $2.5 U.S. dollar lawsuit against Chiluba as part of the divorce settlement. The Zambian government offered Tembo financial assistance in May 2002 after she listed her personal possessions in an auction.

In March 2015, Tembo announced that she had become a Christian pastor and had founded a new church called the Healing International Ministry.

Maureen Mwanawasa

Maureen Mwanawasa (born April 28, 1963 Kabwe, Zambia) is a Zambian politician and former First Lady of Zambia from 2002 until 2008. She is also the widow of former President Levy Mwanawasa, who died in office in 2008. She is the past president of the Organisation of African First Ladies against HIV/AIDS and founder of the Maureen Mwanawasa Community Initiative (MMCI) in 2002.

As early as 2006, Mwanawasa was seen as a potential candidate for president of the country, but following her husband's death she did not file as a potential candidate to represent her husband's party in the election.
In May 2016, Mwanawasa announced she was going to contest in the 2016 general election for the sit of Mayor of Lusaka under the United Party for National Development (UPND).
She however lost to the Patriotic Front (PF) candidate, Wilson Kalumba. Kalumba won the election with 270,161 votes, while Mwanawasa came in second place with 150,807 votes.

Marielle Franco

Marielle Francisco da Silva, known as Marielle Franco, (27 July 1979 – 14 March 2018) was a Brazilian politician, feminist, and human rights activist. She was on the city council of Rio de Janeiro from January 2017 until she was assassinated on 14 March 2018. She was part of the Socialism and Liberty Party (PSOL).

Franco spoke out against Brazilian police hurting and killing people, as well as the recent federal intervention by Brazilian president Michel Temer in the state of Rio de Janeiro which resulted in the use of the army in police operations.

Derek Bickerton

Derek Bickerton (March 25, 1926 – March 5, 2018) was an English-born American linguist and academic. He was born in Cheshire, England. He was Professor Emeritus at the University of Hawaii in Manoa. His work was based in creole languages in Guyana and Hawaii. He proposed that the features of creole languages provide powerful insights into the development of language both by individuals and as a feature of the human species.

Bickerton died on 5 March 2018 at the age of 91.

Michael Watts (journalist)

Michael Watts (18 October 1938 – 5 March 2018) was a British journalist and broadcaster. He was best known for his ‘Inspector Watts’ column in the "Sunday Express" and other publications, which ran for over 35 years.

Watts's radio work for "BBC Radio 4" included twice-weekly consumer spots on "Up To The Hour", and presenting "The Weekly World" and "News Stand".

Watts died on 5 March 2018 in Nottinghamshire at the age of 79.

Peter Freund

Peter George Oliver Freund (7 September 1936, Timişoara – 6 March 2018, Chicago) was a Romanian-born American professor of theoretical physics. He worked at the University of Chicago. He made important works to particle physics and string theory. He was also active as a writer.


Michel Raynaud

Michel Raynaud (; 16 June 1938 – 10 March 2018) was a French mathematician. He worked in algebraic geometry. He was a professor at Paris-Sud 11 University. In 1987 he received the Prize Ampère from the Académie des Sciences. In 1995 he received the Cole Prize, together with David Harbater, for his solution of the Abhyankar conjecture. 

In 1983 he published a proof of the Manin-Mumford conjecture.

Raynaud died in Paris on 10 March 2018 at the age of 79.

Leonid Kvinikhidze

Leonid Aleksandrovich Kvinihidze (; 21 December 1937 – 13 March 2018) was a Russian screenwriter and movie director. He was known for his movies "Failure of Engineer Garin", "The Straw Hat", "Heavenly Swallows" and "Mary Poppins, Goodbye".

Kvinihidze died in St. Petersburg on 13 March 2018 at the age of 81.

Gordon Walgren

Gordon Lee Walgren (March 7, 1933 – March 13, 2018) was an American politician and lawyer. He was born in Bremerton, Washington. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Walgren was appointed to the Washington House of Representatives in November 1966 and served the remaining term in 1966. Walgren served in the Washington State Senator from 1967 to 1980, and was Senate Majority Leader from 1975 onward.

Walgren was convicted of mail fraud, racketeering, and violations of the Travel Act. Two of the three counts - mail fraud and racketeering - were later overturned.

Walgren died at his home on March 13, 2018 in Bremerton at the age of 85.

Adrian Lamo

Adrian Lamo (February 20, 1981 – March 14, 2018) was an American threat analyst and hacker. Lamo was known for breaking into several high-profile computer networks, including those of "The New York Times", Yahoo!, and Microsoft, culminating in his 2003 arrest.

In 2010, Lamo reported U.S. soldier Chelsea Manning to Army criminal investigators, claiming that Manning had leaked hundreds of thousands of sensitive U.S. government documents to WikiLeaks.

Lamo died on March 14, 2018, in Wichita, Kansas, at the age of 37. His body was identified at a morgue on March 16, when his death was publicly announced. The cause is unknown.

Ed Charles

Edwin Douglas Charles (April 29, 1933 – March 15, 2018) was an American professional baseball third baseman in Major League Baseball. He was a right-handed hitter, Charles played for the Kansas City Athletics (1962–67) and New York Mets (1967–69).

Charles died on March 15, 2018 in New York City at the age of 84.

Augie Garrido

August Edmun "Augie" Garrido Jr. (February 6, 1939 – March 15, 2018) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He was born in Vallejo, California. 

Garrido was best known for his stints with the Cal State Fullerton Titans and Texas Longhorns. Garrido had a record of 1,975–919–9, retiring in 2016 as the coach with the most wins in college baseball history. He took his programs to 15 College World Series, winning five of them: three with Cal State Fullerton and two with Texas.

On March 12, 2018, Garrido suffered a stroke. He died three days later at the age of 79 in Newport Beach, California.

Mohamed Sayah

Mohamed Sayah (; 31 December 1933 – 15 March 2018) was a Tunisian politician. He held a number of ministerial roles in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. Sayah held many ministerial portfolios under President Habib Bourguiba. He retired when Zine El Abidine Ben Ali rose to power.

Sayah died on 15 March 2018 in Tunis at the age of 84.

Ammonis cornua

Ammonis is a dubious genus of extinct ammonite known from fossils found near Pompeii in Ancient Rome. The only known species, Ammonis cornua, was named by Pliny the Elder in A.D. 79. Its fossils were found in the same Pompeiian aged rocks as which "Scipionyx" was discovered in, which were about 110 million years old.

The name "Ammonis cornua", from which the scientific term is derived, was inspired by the spiral shape of their fossilized shells, which somewhat resemble tightly coiled rams' horns. Pliny the Elder (d. 79 AD near Pompeii) called fossils of these animals "ammonis cornua" ("horns of Ammon") because the Egyptian god Ammon (Amun) was typically depicted wearing ram's horns. Often the name of an ammonite genus ends in -"ceras", which is Greek (κέρας) for "horn".

All known specimens of "Ammonis cornua" were destroyed in A.D. 79 when Mount Vesuvius destroyed Pompeii.

Boyukagha Hajiyev

Boyukagha Hajiyev (, (20 April 1958 – 16 March 2018) was an Azerbaijani professional footballer and football manager.

In 1999, he was appointed as a head coach of Araz Nakhchivan but club was dissolved a year later. In 2005, he worked in Azerbaijan national football team, assisting Vagif Sadygov.

In 2006, he returned to Azerbaijan and worked as president consultant at FC Baku.

In February 2018, Hajiyev suffered a heart attack which left him hospitalized for a month. He died on 16 March 2018 from heart attack-related complications at the age of 59.



"Information correct as of match played 31 August 2014. Only competitive matches are counted."

Mike MacDonald

Mike Allan MacDonald (June 21, 1954 – March 17, 2018) was a Canadian stand-up comedian and actor. He wrote and appeared in several movies, including "Mr. Nice Guy". MacDonald also appeared in such television shows as the "Late Show with David Letterman" and "The Arsenio Hall Show".<ref name=" http://www.corporateentertainers.ca/mikemacdonald.htm "></ref>

MacDonald had bipolar disorder, and he supported the advocacy group Standup for Mental Health.

MacDonald died of heart failure on March 17, 2018 in Ottawa at the age of 63.

Piani di Bobbio

Piani di Bobbio is a ski resort in northern Italy. It is located above Lake Como in the Valsassina valley. It is part of the commune of Barzio in the Province of Lecco. The ski area is situated between the province of Lecco and the province of Bergamo, very close to the city of Milan. Piani di Bobbio is 1694 metres above sea level and has 35 kilometres of ski runs.

In English "piani di Bobbio" means "the plains of Bobbio". The land originally belonged to a monastery called the Abbazia di San Colombano. The monastery was located in Bobbio, a town in the Province of Piacenza. In the middle ages, the monastery used the land for grazing cattle in the summer. Development of the ski resort began in the 1950s.


Zdeněk Mahler

Zdeněk Mahler (7 December 1928 – 17 March 2018) was a Czech writer, musicologist, pedagogue and screenwriter. He was born in Batelov, Czech Republic. He was known for his movies "Nebeští jezdci" (1968), "Den sedmý, osmá noc" (1969), "The Divine Emma" (1978), "Amadeus" (1984), "Goya's Ghosts" (2007), and "Lidice" (2011).

Mahler died in Prague on 17 March 2018 at the age of 89.

Li Ao

Li Ao (, also spelled Lee Ao; 25 April 1935 – 18 March 2018) was a Chinese-Taiwanese writer, social commentator, historian, and independent politician. Li participated in the presidential election in 2000 as a candidate for the New Party. In 2004, he was elected to the Legislative Yuan. Two years later, Li was a candidate in the 2006 Taipei mayoral election. He represented the People First Party in the legislative elections of 2012.

Li died in Taipei on 18 March 2018 of brain cancer at the age of 82.


Cypress Hill

Cypress Hill is a group of hip hop artists from Los Angeles (California). It was formed in 1986 and along its wide and successful career have sold more than 46 million albums all over the world.

One of the appearances of his popularity is his commitment with the legalisation of the consumption of marijuana or cannabis. Cypress Hill Is the first Latin group in obtaining a disk of platinum, one of gold and a multiplatino.

The name of the group can do reference to the place where the first members of the band lived, in the Avenue Cypress in South Gate, Los Angeles. It fits that in said place there are a lot of trees of cypress, a tree of the family Cupressaceae. The original name of the group was DVX but was changed after the exit of Mellow Man Ace (Ulpiano Sergio, the lower brother of Sen Dog) of the group to initiate his career like soloist. Sometimes, wrongly it thinks that the name of the group refers to the neighbourhood Cypress Hills in Brooklyn (New York).

The first album, of the band, was launched in November 1991. The first single was "Phuncky feel one", but was the Expensive-B, "How I could just kill to man" (firstly called "Trigga happy nigga"), the one who more success had in the stations of urban radio. Thanks to the success of the single "Hand on the pump" and to other songs like the bilingual song "Latin lingo" and the totally in Spanish "Three equis", the album sold two million copies only in United States. Later, DJ Muggs produced the first album of House of Pain and worked with Beastie Boys and Funkdoobiest. The band did his first apparition in the musical festival Lollapalooza in 1992.(Previous paragraph written by the formally super-high "Macho-Business-Donkey-Wrestler" while ambulating in his "Super-Karate-Monkey-Death-Car". [Radio Tycoon Jimmy James-News Radio].

"Black Sunday", the second album of the group, debuted number 1 in the list Billboard 200 in 1993. Still with his album debut in the lists, turned into the first artists of rap in planting two albums in the Top 10 of Billboard 200 at the same time. With the success "Insane in the Brain", the album was double-platinum in United States and sold 3.25 million copies.

As one of the first groups of rap that struggle by the legalisation of the marijuana, Cypress Hill was forbidden in "Saturday Night Live" after DJ Muggs smoked a blunt of marijuana and the band shattered his musical instruments while they interpreted his second single "I ain't goin' out like that". The group titled his turns with the name "Soul Assassins", in company of House of Pain and Funkdoobiest, and more forward followed suit with Rage Against the Machine and Seven Year Bitch. In 1993, Cypress Hill recorded two subjects for the soundtrack of the film "Judgment night", "Real thing", with Pearl Jam, and "I love you Mary Jane", with Sonic Youth.

The band touched in 1994 in the Festival of Woodstock entering to his new member, Eric Bobo, ancient percusionista of Beastie Boys. Bobo Is the son of the famous percusionista Willie Bobo. The magazine Rolling Stone appointed to Cypress Hill like the best group of hip hop in his prizes of music voted by critics and readers. Cypress Hill Touched by second consecutive year in Lollapalooza heading the poster in 1995. Also they appear in the chapter of "The Simpson" called "Homerpalooza", in which Homer, Bart and Lisa assist to the Festival Hullabalooza (inspired by the Lollapalooza), and in 2001 appear making a small cameo in the film "How high" directed by Jesse Dylan and produced by Danny DeVito.

The third album, <nowiki>"</nowiki>Cypress Hill III: you Temper of Boom<nowiki>"</nowiki>, was launched in 1995, selling 1.5 million copies and reaching the third position of Billboard 200 in spite of not including any single of success.

Sen Dog distanció A bit of the group to form a band of punk-rap of Los Angeles called SX-10. However, in 1996, Cypress Hill appeared in the first turn Smokin' Grooves, with Ziggy Marley, The Fugees, Busta Rhymes and To Tribe Called Quest. The group also freed the EP "Unreleased and Revamped" with rare and remixes.

The members of the group centred in his careers in solitary. Muggs Launched "Muggs Presents... the Soul Assassins" With contributions of members of Wu-Tang Clan, Dr. Dre, KRS-One, Wyclef Jean and Mobb Deep. B-Real appeared with Busta Rhymes, Coolio, LL Cool J and Method Man in the song "Hit Em High" of the multi-platen soundtrack of the film Space Jam. Also it collaborated with RBX, Nas and KRS-One in "East Coast Killer, West Coast Killer" of the album "Dr. Dre presents"."..The Aftermath" Of Dr. Dre, and launched the album "The Psycho Realm", of his project of same name. Although the group was inactivo these years, Cypress Hill appeared in Smokin' Grooves with George Clinton and Erykah Badu.

In 1998 they went back to launch the album "IV", being gold in United States although with some criticisms a so many refusals, backed by the success "Tequila Sunrise" and another tribute to smoke marijuana "Dr. Greenthumb". Sen Dog Also launched "Get Wood" like part of SX-10 in the stamp Flip.

In 1999, three of his songs appeared in the video game of PC Kingpin: Life of Crime. B-Real also contributed with any of the voices of the people of the game. This same year launched an album of big successes in Spanish, "The big successes in Spanish." Cypress Hill Merged genders in the 2000 with his double-album Skull & Bones. The first disk, "Skull", was composed by songs of rap whereas "Bones" was more centred in the rock. The album was a Top 5 in Billboard 200 and #3 in Canada. The first single was "Rock Superstar" for the radio of rock and "Rap Superstar" for the urban radio, a subject that definitely put to the band again in the musical firmament, and that came him like ring to the finger, since in this time songs with this style, more than the Nu metal that also used in the song "Can´t get the best of me", were hitting as never. The group also launched "Live at the Fillmore", a disk of the concert of Fillmore, San Francisco in 2000.



Fermín IV

Fermín IV Caballero Elizondo (been born in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a MC ex Mexican-member of the group of rap Control Machete.

Fermin was bullied by students in school for having his name which sounds like an artist name which everybody thinks it's funny. He decides to do rap & he found a rap group called Cypress Hill, that's he's influence to make dark rap which his heart feel sad & negative.

His musical training traces back to the adolescence, since some time referred to listen the Hip hop of the United States during this stage, doing allusion to his strong message of inconformity and open criticism to the society in general. From this moment, began to develop a musical project of low profile, called Profuga del Metate; same that shelved when deciding study medicine.

Time afterwards, restarted the music like his occupation and would not be but until 1996 where would debut with the group Control Machete in the Mexican scene.

For the year 2000, the same would leave by understood that would be abandoning Control Machete to devote to a new project as solo under his own name. Event that owed mainly to that Fermín had converteted to the Christianity and would leave the secular field to head to said public.

To the date oficia like shepherd in a Christian congregation of name Seed of Mustard in the Mexico City; nowadays his occupation is Pastor in "Semilla de Mostaza" without leaving the music but changing the thematic of his compositions to preach on The Salvation in Jesus Christ.



Aviva

Aviva plc is a British multinational insurance company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It has about 33 million customers In the United Kingdom, Aviva is the largest general insurer and a leading life and pensions provider.

Aviva also has a focus on the markets in Europe and in Asia and, in particular, on the growth markets of China and South East Asia. Aviva is also the second largest general insurer in Canada. Aviva has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.

CGU plc was a large insurance group, created by the merger of Commercial Union and General Accident in 1998. The Company was listed on the London Stock Exchange. It merged with Norwich Union in 2000 to form CGNU plc, later renamed Aviva plc.

Commercial Union was established following a conflagration near London Bridge in 1861, known as the Great Tooley Street Fire, which destroyed a number of warehouses and wharves along the River Thames as a result of which the fire insurance companies were hit by a series of massive claims. Consequently, they increased their fire insurance rates so dramatically that a group of local merchants and brokers decided to form their own company. This became known as the "Commercial Union Assurance Company Ltd."

It purchased the Hand in Hand Fire & Life Insurance Society, the world's oldest fire insurance company, in 1905 and The Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation Ltd. in 1910 and it continued to grow by further acquisitions.

General Accident was a financial services firm formed by several mergers and acquisitions over several years. The General Accident and Employers' Liability Assurance Association Ltd. was founded in Perth, Scotland in 1885. It became the General Accident Assurance Corporation Ltd. in 1891.

General Accident acquired Yorkshire Insurance Company Ltd. in 1967. All general insurance business was relocated to Perth, with York becoming the centre for the new firm's life assurance and pensions business.

General Accident acquired Stevenage-based Provident Mutual Life Assurance Association in 1995, merging it with the GA Life and Pensions business as Provident Mutual Life Assurance Ltd. York became the centre of all life assurance business and Stevenage of all pensions business.

Norwich Union was the name of insurance company Aviva's British arm before June 2009. It was originally established in 1797. In 1997, it was demutualised and listed on the London Stock Exchange, and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.

On 29 April 2008, Aviva announced that the Norwich Union brand would be phased out and disappear over a period of two years, on the grounds that a consistent Aviva brand would bring "global impact".

Hilliard, Ohio

Hilliard is a city of Franklin County in the state of Ohio, United States.

Ironton, Ohio

Ironton is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Lawrence County. 10,571 people lived there in the 2020 census.

It is located in southernmost Ohio along the Ohio River, the city includes the Downtown Ironton Historic District.


Kettering, Ohio

Kettering is a city in Montgomery and Greene counties in the state of Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Dayton.

57,862 people lived there in the 2020 census. Many people left nearby Dayton after World War II and moved to Kettering.

Logan, Ohio

Logan is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Hocking County. 7,296 people lived there in the 2020 census. The city is in southeast Ohio, on the Hocking River 48 miles southeast of Columbus.

The current mayor of Logan is Republican Greg Fraunfelter, who began a four-year term in January 2016.

Logan was incorporated as a city in 1839.

Logan is at (39.539159, -82.406108).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that is land and is water.


Qi Xin

Qi Xin (; born 3 November 1926) is a Communist Party of China member, writer and educator. She was born in Gaoyang County, Hebei. She has written many articles on her husband Xi Zhongxun. She is the mother of Xi Jinping, current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China.

Qi visited provincial and county-level schools set-up by the communist government as a consultant. It has been suggested that this position provided her family with relatively good protection during the Cultural Revolution.


Xi Zhongxun

Xi Zhongxun (15 October 1913 – 24 May 2002) was a Chinese communist revolutionary and a political leader. He is thought to be among the first generation of Chinese leadership.

He helped the founding of Communist guerrilla bases in northwestern China in the 1930s. He was imprisoned and purged several times. He was married to writer Qi Xin.

Xi is also the father of Xi Jinping, the current General Secretary of the Communist Party and President of China and also Chairman of the Military Commission.

Irrfan Khan

Sahabzade Irfan Ali Khan (7 January 1967 – 29 April 2020), credited as Irrfan Khan or simply Irrfan, was an Indian movie actor. He was born in Tonk, Rajasthan, India. In 2011, Khan was awarded the Padma Shri.

Khan has garnered the National Film Award for Best Actor in the 60th National Film Awards 2012 and a Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor for his performance in "Paan Singh Tomar". He also appeared in "The Namesake", "The Darjeeling Limited", the Academy Award winner "Slumdog Millionaire", "Life of Pi", "New York, I Love You", "The Amazing Spider-Man", "Jurassic World", and "Inferno".

In March 2018, Khan was diagnosed with neuroendocrine tumor. He died of colitis caused by the tumor in Mumbai on 29 April 2020, aged 53.


Neuroendocrine tumor

Neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) are neoplasms that starts from cells of the endocrine (hormonal) and nervous systems. Many are benign, while some are malignant. They most commonly occur in the intestine, where they are often called carcinoid tumors, but they are also found in the pancreas, lung and the rest of the body.


Texas Ranger Division

The texas rangers were Texans that rode on horses in order to capture the antifederalists in Alamo. They were nominated by President Jackson in 1824 after his refusal to annex Texas as a state.

Lin-Manuel Miranda

Lin-Manuel Miranda (born January 16, 1980) is an American composer, lyricist, playwright, singer, songwriter and actor. He was born in New York to Puerto Rican parents. He is best known for creating and starring in the Broadway musicals "In the Heights" and "Hamilton". He co-wrote the songs for the Disney animated movies "Moana" and "Encanto". He directed his first movie in 2021 with "Tick, Tick... Boom!". He starred in the movie based on his play in 2020.

His awards include a Pulitzer Prize, three Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, a MacArthur Fellowship, and three Tony Awards.

He played the starring role of Alexander Hamilton in the Broadway musical Hamilton. He played a small role of the Piragüero in the movie "In the Heights". He played Jack in "Mary Poppins Returns".


Florida International University pedestrian bridge collapse

On March 15, 2018, a , recently-erected section of the FIU–Sweetwater UniversityCity Bridge collapsed onto the Tamiami Trail (U.S. Route 41).

The pedestrian bridge was located in front of the campus of Florida International University (FIU) in University Park, a suburb west of Miami, Florida, United States. 

The road beneath it had been opened to traffic. Several occupied vehicles were crushed underneath, and six deaths and nine injuries have been reported.

Juliana Stratton

Juliana Stratton (born September 8, 1965) is an American politician and lawyer. Since 2019, she has been the 48th lieutenant governor of Illinois under Governor J. B. Pritzker. She is the first African-American woman ever elected to this office. Stratton is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Before becoming lieutenant governor, Stratton served as a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from January 2017 to 2019. She represented the 5th district.

On August 9, 2017, it was announced that Stratton would be J. B. Pritzker's running mate in the 2018 gubernatorial election.

Mike Frerichs

Michael W. Frerichs (born July 28, 1973) is an American politician. He is the State Treasurer of Illinois, having taken office on January 12, 2015. He was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 52nd District since 2007.


Neal Edward Smith

Neal Edward Smith (March 23, 1920 – November 2, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Iowa from 1959 until 1995. He was the longest-serving Iowan in the United States House of Representatives.

Smith turned 100 in March 2020. He died on November 2, 2021 in Des Moines, Iowa, at the age of 101.

Harry G. Haskell Jr.

Harry Garner Haskell Jr. (May 27, 1921 – January 16, 2020) was an American businessman and Republican politician. He was from Wilmington. He was mayor of Wilmington from 1969 to 1973 and represented Delaware in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1957 to 1959.

Haskell Jr. died in Chadds Ford Township, Pennsylvania on January 16, 2020 at the age of 98.


Roger H. Zion

Roger Herschel Zion (September 17, 1921 – September 24, 2019) was an American politician. 

He was elected as a Republican to the United States House of Representatives from Indiana in the 1966 election to the 90th Congress and was re-elected to the three succeeding Congresses, serving from January 3, 1967 to January 3, 1975. Zion was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1974 to the 94th Congress, losing to Philip H. Hayes.

Zion died at his home in Evansville, Indiana on September 24, 2019 at the age of 98.

John R. Schmidhauser

John Richard Schmidhauser (January 3, 1922 – February 21, 2018) was a retired American politician. He served one term as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from southeastern Iowa. He beat the incumbent Republican Fred Schwengel in 1964 but losing to Schwengel two years later in 1966, and again in 1968.

After his political career, he served as a professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California, a position he held from 1973 to 1992, except when serving as a visiting professor at the University of Virginia from 1982 to 1983, and at Simon Fraser University, in Burnaby, British Columbia, in 1984. Since 1992 he has been a professor emeritus at USC.

Schmidhauser died in Santa Barbara, California on February 21, 2018 at the age of 96.

Bernard F. Grabowski

Bernard Francis Grabowski (June 11, 1923 – August 30, 2019) was a former U.S. Representative from Connecticut.

In 1962, Grabowski was elected U.S. Representative from Connecticut's at-large seat as a Democrat. He served in the Eighty-eighth and Eighty-ninth Congresses (January 3, 1963 – January 3, 1967). He lost re-election in 1966.

Grabowski died in Bristol, Connecticut on August 30, 2019 at the age of 96.


Catherine Small Long

Catherine Small Long (February 7, 1924 – November 23, 2019) was a Democratic former U.S. representative for Louisiana's 8th congressional district, serving from 1985 to 1987. She was the first female military veteran elected to Congress, having served as a WAVE in the United States Navy.

Long died of dementia-related problems on November 23, 2019 in Chevy Chase, Maryland. She was 95.

Donald M. Fraser

Donald MacKay Fraser (February 20, 1924 – June 2, 2019) was an American politician. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He served in the United States House of Representatives from Minnesota's 5th congressional district from 1963 to 1979. He served as the 44th Mayor of Minneapolis from 1980 to 1993.

Fraser died on June 2, 2019 in Minneapolis at the age of 95.


Arvonne Fraser

Arvonne S. Fraser (September 1, 1925 – August 7, 2018), was an American activist and educator. She was the Senior Fellow Emerita at the Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs, University of Minnesota and from 1993-1994 was the US Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women. From 1980 to 1993, she was First Lady of Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Fraser died on August 7, 2018 at a family retreat home near the St. Croix River in Hudson, Wisconsin at the age of 92.

Howard C. Nielson

Howard Curtis Nielson (September 12, 1924 – May 20, 2020) was an American Republican politician.

He was elected as a Republican to the United States House of Representatives from Utah and served four terms, from January 3, 1983 to January 3, 1991. While in Congress, Nielson sponsored two resolutions calling on Israel to reopen Palestinian schools and colleges.

He also cosponsored a bill to limit tobacco advertising. He also was a leading proponent of releasing the names of people who tested positive for AIDS to Public Health Officials.

Nielson died on May 20, 2020 at the age of 95.

Merwin Coad

Merwin Coad (born September 28, 1924) is an American politician. He was a Democratic U.S. Representative from Iowa's 6th congressional district for six years, serving from January 1957 to January 1963.

Franklin Graham

William Franklin Graham III (born July 14, 1952) is an American Christian evangelist and missionary. He engages in Christian revival tours and political commentary. He is president and CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association (BGEA) and of Samaritan's Purse, an international Christian relief organization.

Graham became a "committed Christian" in 1974 and was ordained in 1982, and has since become a public speaker and author. He is also known for being a son of the American evangelist Billy Graham.


Kya Hua Tera Vaada

Kya Hua Tera Vaada is an Indian television soap opera, it was aired on from Sony TV, 
The series will be created by Balaji Telefilms. 
And produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor
The series is starred by Mona Singh.

IONISx

IONISx is a massive open online courses (MOOCs) provider. IONISx works with universities and other organizations, offering courses in physics, engineering, humanities, social sciences, business, computer science, digital marketing, and data science, and in other subjects.


Paul Klee

Paul Klee (18 December 1879 – 29 June 1940) was a Swiss-German artist. He was one of the most famous painters of the 20th century. His work was influenced by Expressionism, Cubism, and Surrealism. He was also very interested in the theory of color.

Klee was born in Münchenbuchsee, a town near Bern in Switzerland. His mother, born Ida Maria Frick, came from Basel in Switzerland. His father, Hans Klee, came from Tann, a small town in the Hesse state of Germany. Both his parents were musicians. When he was very young he trained to be a violinist. Then he decided to become an artist. He studied art under Heinrich Knirr. In 1899 he was admitted to the Academy of Fine arts in Munich. After leaving the academy he also studied art in Italy. After Italy, he returned to Bern and lived with his parents for several years.

Klee married the pianist Lily Stumpf in 1906. They went to live in Munich. In 1906 he had his first major exhibition. Besides his painting, Klee taught art at the Bauhaus from 1920 to 1931. and later at the Dusseldorf Academy. When the Nazis came to power in Germany, life became very hard for modern artists. Klee moved back to Switzerland in 1933. He died in Muralto, Switzerland in 1940. For many years he had suffered from scleroderma, an autoimmune disease.

Klee made over 10,000 paintings, drawings, and etchings in his lifetime. His works are held in museums all over the world. In 2005, the Zentrum Paul Klee (Paul Klee Center) was opened in Bern. The building was designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano. It holds 4000 works by Klee and shows 150 at time. The exhibition changes every six months.

These pictures are from Klee's mature career. He painted them while he was teaching at the Bauhaus. During this time he was also a member of a group of artists called Die Blaue Vier (The Blue Four). The other three members were Wassily Kandinsky, Lyonel Feininger, and Alexej von Jawlensky. Like Klee, both Kandinsky and Feininger taught at the Bauhaus. The four artists lectured and exhibited together in Germany and the USA. 

Indohyus

Indohyus (meaning "India's pig") is a small deer-like creature, which lived about 49 or 48 million years ago in Kashmir, India. It belongs to the artiodactyls family "Raoellidae", and is believed to be the closest sister group of Cetacea. It lived during the same time as the related "Pakicetus". The two may have coexisted.

About the size of a raccoon or domestic cat, this herbivorous creature shared some of the traits of whales. It also showed signs of adaptations to aquatic life, including a thick and heavy outer bone coating. This is similar to the bones of modern creatures such as the hippopotamus, and reduces buoyancy so that they can stay underwater. This suggests a similar survival strategy to the African mousedeer or water chevrotain which, when threatened by a bird of prey, dives into water and hides beneath the surface for up to four minutes.

There are two known species of Indohyus:

Himalayacetus

Himalayacetus is an extinct aquatic cetacean known from fossils found in the Himachal Pradesh, India. It lived in the remnants of the ancient Tethys Ocean during the early Eocene. This extends the fossil record of whales by some 3.5 million years.

"Himalayacetus" lived in the coastline of the ancient Tethys Ocean before the Indian plate collided with Eurasia. It is only known from a single jaw fossil, which makes exact comparisons with other cetaceans almost impossible.

Wander Over Yonder

Wander Over Yonder is an American animated television series created by Craig McCracken and produced by Disney Television Animation It aired on TV starting on August 16, 2013. The show ended on June 27, 2016. The series has been officially removed as of 2024.

The series follows Wander, a nomadic and optimistic traveller and his best friend, Sylvia, as they go from planet to planet helping people to have fun and live free. This angers Lord Hater, one of the most powerful villains in the galaxy, who tries to defeat Wander with his army of Watchdogs.

The creator of the show is Craig McCracken, who has also created "The Powerpuff Girls" and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends".

Wander Over Yonder is McCracken's first show on a Disney-owned network. Wander first appeared on sketchbooks and clothes that McCracken sold at conventions, as well as in a never-finished graphic novel. McCracken has described Wander as a "nomadic, hippie, muppet man".


Flag of Nebraska

The flag of the U.S. state of Nebraska is a blue rectangular cloth charged with the Nebraskan state seal.

Andriy Sadovyi

Andriy Ivanovych Sadovyi (; born 19 August 1968) is a Ukrainian politician. He is the mayor of Lviv, the administrative center of the Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine, and the leader of the Self Reliance political party.


Inferno (Dante)

Inferno by the Italian author Dante, is a work of fiction made in the 1500s, as a part of The Divine Comedy. It tells of the fictional journey that two men, Dante himself as well as Greek poet Virgil, takes place through Christian Hell. Hell is made up of several levels, or circles, in which sinners are divided and punished according to their sins. Their punishments are measured according to how many good deeds vs bad deeds were done.

The Divine Comedy describes the journey of the soul toward God. And Inferno is about the recognition and rejection of sin. 

Qubit

A Qubit (or QBit) is a unit of measure used in quantum computing. 

Like a bit in normal (non-quantum) computing, a Qubit has two distinct states, 0 state and the 1 state. However, unlike the normal bit, a qubit can have a state that is somewhere in-between, called a "superposition."

You cannot measure the superposition without the superposition going away (changing). If you try to measure a qubit that is in a superposition, the qubit will change, and become one of two states. The resulting state the qubit changes to depends on how it is measured. For simplicity, let's assume we are measuring in a way that will make the qubit change to either a 0 state or a 1 state.

A qubit can be represented as a 2-element column vector.

A qubit in the 0 state looks like formula_1. 

A qubit in the 1 state looks like formula_2.

In general, a qubit state will look like formula_3 , where formula_4.

α and β are called amplitudes. They can be complex numbers. Each state has an amplitude.

By squaring a state's amplitude, you can get the probability of measuring that state.

Each state can also have a phase. The phase is part of the amplitude and is what can make the amplitude a complex number.

A state's phase is like how much that state has rotated. The angle of phase is usually represented as either Φ or φ. Let's use φ.

φ can go from 0 to formula_5 radians. The angle sort of goes into an Euler identity, where instead of formula_6, the formula_7 gets substituted with the angle φ. The state's phase becomes formula_8.

This expression formula_8is a phase factor that becomes part of a state's amplitude. It gets multiplied with the amplitude.

A phase angle of 0 makes the amplitudes positive real numbers, since formula_10.

A phase angle of formula_11 makes the amplitudes negative real numbers, since formula_12. (This is Euler's identity)

A phase angle of formula_13 makes the amplitudes positive imaginary numbers, since formula_14.

A phase angle of formula_15 makes the amplitudes negative imaginary numbers, since formula_16.

Beyond 0 and formula_5, the phase angle just wraps back around again, since it is just a rotation.

An example qubit may look like formula_18. There is a 50% chance of measuring a 0 or a 1. There is a phase of 1 on the 0 state's amplitude. There is a phase of -1 on the 1 state's amplitude.

Qubits are generally written as kets, which look like formula_19. Kets are part of Bra-Ket notation, also known as Dirac notation. Kets are a way of saying column vector.

The 0 and 1 state are written as formula_20 and formula_21 respectively. 

A general qubit in ket notation will be written as formula_22.

This equation is exactly the same as formula_23, since formula_24

Gramais

Gramais is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gramais is the smallest independent municipality of Austria. It lies in a side valley off the Lech valley.

Larry Kwong

Lawrence Kwong (born Eng Kai Geong (); June 17, 1923 – March 15, 2018) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward and businessman. He is known as the first person of Asian ancestry to play in the National Hockey League (NHL), and the first player to break hockey's color barrier.

Kwong was also the first NHL player from Vernon, British Columbia, and the Okanagan region. Kwong's nicknames included the "China Clipper" (a name later used for CFL player Normie Kwong) and "King Kwong".

From 1941 to 1959, Kwong played for the New York Rangers.

Kwong died March 15, 2018 in Calgary, Alberta of complications from pneumonia at the age of 94.

Arnie Lerma

Arnaldo Pagliarini Lerma (November 18, 1950 – March 16, 2018) was an American writer and activist. He was a former Scientologist, and critic of Scientology. He appeared in television, media and radio interviews. Lerma was the first person to post the court document known as the Fishman Affidavit, including the Xenu story, to the internet via the Usenet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology. He was a strong critic of L. Ron Hubbard. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Lerma committed suicide by shooting himself on March 16, 2018 in Alexandria, Virginia after shooting his wife in the face with a 9 mm handgun. He was 67 years old.


Nicholas Edwards, Baron Crickhowell

Roger Nicholas Edwards, Baron Crickhowell, PC (25 February 1934 – 17 March 2018) was a British Conservative Party politician. He served as an MP from 1970 until 1987 and as Secretary of State for Wales during the Margaret Thatcher ministry. He was born in London.

Edwards died on 17 March 2018 at the age of 84.

Guðjón Arnar Kristjánsson

Guðjón Arnar Kristjánsson (5 July 1944 – 16 March 2018) was an Icelandic politician. He was the chairman of the Liberal Party (Frjálslyndi flokkurinn) from 2003 to 2009. He was an active member of the Independence Party. In 1999 he joined Sverrir Hermannsson and formed the Liberal Party. He was a member of Althingi from 1999 to 2009.

Kristjánsson died of cancer on 16 March 2018 at the age of 73.


Ivor Richard, Baron Richard

Ivor Seward Richard, Baron Richard (30 May 1932 – 18 March 2018) was a British Labour Party politician. He served as a Member of Parliament from 1964 until 1974. He was also a member of the Commission of the European Communities and latterly sat as a life peer in the House of Lords.

Richard died on 18 March 2018 at the age of 85.


Keith O'Brien

Keith Michael Patrick O'Brien (17 March 1938 – 19 March 2018) was a Scottish Catholic cardinal. He was the Archbishop of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh from 1985 to 2013.

O'Brien was opposed to homosexuality and same-sex marriage, which he described as "moral degradation".

O'Brien's resignation followed publication of allegations he had engaged in inappropriate and predatory sexual conduct with junior priests and student priests, also that he abused power.<ref Name="Devenney18/05/2013">Three months on, a cardinal is banished but his church is still in denial</ref> He stepped down as a result.

On 20 March 2015, the Vatican announced that though he remained a member of the College of Cardinals O'Brien would not exercise his rights or duties as a cardinal, in particular voting in papal conclaves. 

O'Brien died from complications of a fall on 19 March 2018 at a hospital in Newcastle upon Tyne at the age of 80.

Kedarnath Singh

Kedarnath Singh (7 July 1934 – 19 March 2018) was an Indian poet. He was one of the most known modern poets writing in Hindi. He was also a critic and essayist. He was awarded the Jnanpith Award (2013), Sahitya Akademi Award (1989) in Hindi for his poetry collection, "Akaal Mein Saras" ("Cranes in Drought").


G. William Whitehurst

George William Whitehurst (born March 12, 1925) is an American professor and politician. He served in the United States House of Representatives from the state of Virginia. He began his career as a professor at the College of William and Mary.

Whitehurst was elected to Congress in 1968 as a Republican from a district based in the Hampton Roads area. He was the first Republican to represent that part of Virginia since the Great Depression, and only the second Republican elected to a full term from that district in the 20th century. 

On October 6, 2016, Whitehurst, along with other Republican former members of Congress, was co-signator of a letter opposing Donald J. Trump's candidacy for the office of president.


Fred B. Rooney

Frederick Bernard Rooney, Jr. (November 6, 1925 – December 23, 2019) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania from 1963 until 1979.

Rooney died at his home in Washington D.C. on December 23, 2019 at the age of 94.

Elwood Hillis

Elwood Haynes "Bud" Hillis (March 6, 1926 – January 4, 2023) was an American politician. He served as a U.S. Representative from Indiana from 1971 through 1987 as a Republican.
Hillis served in the United States Army in the European Theater with the rank of first lieutenant from 1944 to 1946. He retired from the Reserves in 1954 with rank of captain in the infantry.
Bud Hillis was a younger brother to renowned choral director Margaret Hillis. Their father, Glen R. Hillis, was the Republican nominee for Governor of Indiana in 1940, losing by less than 4,000 votes. His maternal grandfather and namesake, Elwood Haynes, was an inventor and automobile pioneer.

Hillis was a resident of Windsor, Colorado. He died on January 4, 2023, at the age of 96.

Carrie Meek

Carrie Pittman Meek (April 29, 1926 – November 28, 2021) was an American politician. She served as the Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Florida in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2003. She represented Florida's 17th congressional district.

She was elected to the Florida House as a Democrat in 1979, and served until 1982.

Meek died at his home in Miami, Florida on November 28, 2021 at the age of 95.

Dick Nichols

Richard Nichols (April 29, 1926 – March 7, 2019) was an American politician. He was a one-term U.S. Representative from Kansas serving from 1991 to 1993 as a Republican.

In 1986, Nichols was stabbed by a man aboard the Staten Island Ferry while a tourist with his wife in New York City. He fully recovered from his wounds and was visited by Mayor Ed Koch in the hospital.

Nichols was elected as a Republican to the One Hundred Second Congress (January 3, 1991–January 3, 1993), representing Kansas's 5th congressional district. He narrowly beat future FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair in the Republican primary.

Nichols died at his home in McPherson, Kansas on March 7, 2019 from respiratory failure at the age of 92.

Earl Hutto

Earl Dewitt Hutto (May 12, 1926 – December 14, 2020) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Florida's 1st congressional district serving from 1979 to 1995 and was replaced by Joe Scarborough.

Hutto was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 1972 and was reelected in 1974 and 1976. He was elected as a Democrat to the 96th and to the seven succeeding Congresses, serving from January 3, 1979 to January 3, 1995; he was not a candidate in 1994 for reelection to the 104th Congress.

Hutto died on December 14, 2020 in Pensacola, Florida at the age of 94.

Joseph P. Kolter

Joseph Paul "Joe" Kolter (September 3, 1926 – September 8, 2019) was an American politician and convicted fraudster. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives for Pennsylvania serving from 1969 to 1982.

He was elected as a Democrat to the 98th and to the four succeeding Congresses serving from January 3, 1983, to January 3, 1993. He was defeated in the 1992 Democratic primary by Ron Klink.

Kolter was implicated in the Congressional Post Office scandal, that also involved Illinois Congressman Dan Rostenkowski. He was indicted and sentenced to 6 months in prison.

Kolter died in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania on September 8, 2019 at the age of 93.

Dan Rostenkowski

Daniel David Rostenkowski (January 2, 1928 – August 11, 2010) was an American politician. He was a United States Representative from Chicago, serving from 1959 to 1995. He became one of the most powerful legislators in Washington, especially in matters of taxation, until he went to prison. A Democrat, Rostenkowski was for many years Democratic Committeeman of Chicago's 32nd Ward, retaining this position even while serving in Congress.

Rostenkowski's political career ended abruptly in 1994 when he pleaded guilty to charges of mail fraud and was fined and sentenced to 17 months in prison.

On August 11, 2010, Rostenkowski died from lung cancer at his summer home in Genoa City, Wisconsin at the age of 82.


Austin Murphy

Austin John Murphy (born June 17, 1927) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania from 1977 to 1995.

Murphy started his political career as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, where he served from 1959 to 1971. He then served in the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1971 to 1977. 

In 1976, he was elected to the United States House of Representatives, replacing longtime incumbent Thomas E. Morgan. He served as a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1984 and 1988.

 Retrieved on 2008-02-15

Bud Brown

Clarence J. "Bud" Brown Jr. (June 18, 1927 – January 26, 2022) was an American publisher and politician. He was a Republican United States Representative from the 7th District of Ohio, serving from 1965 to 1983. 

Appointed by President Ronald Reagan, he also served as the United States Deputy Secretary of Commerce and Acting Secretary of Commerce, in total from 1983 to 1988.

He was the father of actor Clancy Brown.

Brown died on January 26, 2022 in Urbana, Ohio at the age of 94.

Douglas Applegate

Earl Douglas "Doug" Applegate, Jr. (March 27, 1928 – August 7, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio. Applegate was a Democrat. He ran for President of the United States in the Democratic Party primaries for the 1988 presidential election.

By 1994, Applegate had served almost two decades in the House, and opted to retire. He was succeeded by Bob Ney.

Applegate died on August 7, 2021 in Spring Hill, Florida, aged 93.

Biswanath district

Biswanath is an administrative district of Assam, India.

Keilor, Victoria

Keilor is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia and was inhabited by the aboriginal Wurundjeri people for over 40,000 years prior to the arrival of European settlers in 1803.

Keilor has a population of 16,468 people.

Luo Fu (poet)

Mo Yun-tuan (; 11 May 1928 – 19 March 2018), known by the pen name Luo Fu (), was a Taiwanese writer and poet. He was born in Hengyang, Republic of China. 

In Taiwan, Mo published several collections of poetry. Mo and his contemporary Yu Kwang-chung were described as the Gemini of Chinese poetry, in reference to the constellation depicting the mythological twins Castor and Pollux. Mo left Taiwan for Canada in 1995.

In June 2016, Mo was diagnosed with lung cancer. He died of respiratory failure on 19 March 2018 in Taipei, aged 89.

Jan Meyers

Janice Lenore "Jan" Meyers (née Crilly; July 20, 1928 – June 21, 2019) was an American politician. She was born in Lincoln, Nebraska. She was a former member of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas serving from 1985 to 1997.

From 1972 until 1984, she was a member of the Kansas Senate. In 1978, she ran for the United States Senate, but was defeated in a multi-candidate Republican primary which was won by Nancy Kassebaum.

Meyers died on June 21, 2019 in Merriam, Kansas from problems caused by heart disease at the age of 90.

Nancy Kassebaum

Nancy Landon Kassebaum Baker (born July 29, 1932) is an American politician. She represented Kansas in the United States Senate from 1978 to 1997. She is the daughter of Alf Landon, who was Governor of Kansas from 1933 to 1937 and the 1936 Republican nominee for president.

Kassebaum was married to former Senator and diplomat Howard Baker. She was the first woman ever elected to a full term in the Senate without her husband having previously served in Congress.


Alf Landon

Alfred Mossman Landon (September 9, 1887 – October 12, 1987) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the 26th Governor of Kansas from 1933 to 1937.

Landon was the Republican Party’s nominee in the 1936 presidential election, but was defeated in a landslide by incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

President Reagan and Mrs. Reagan attended Landon's hundredth birthday party at his home in Topeka. President Reagan described Landon as "the living soul of Kansas" and remarked, "You don't know what a joy it is to come to a birthday party of someone who in all honesty can call me a kid."


William Sheldrick Conover

William Sheldrick Conover II (August 27, 1928 – October 7, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania serving from 1972 to 1973. He died on October 7, 2022.


William J. Edwards

William Jackson "Jack" Edwards (September 20, 1928 – September 27, 2019) was an American politician. He was the former U.S. Republican politician, who represented Alabama in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1965 until 1985.

In Congress, Edwards was known as one of the chamber's brightest conservatives, and was a strong critic of forced busing. He was also known for good constituent service. He helped originate the "Gulf Coast Congressional Report", a public-service program giving a local view of Capitol politics.

Edwards died of pancreatic cancer in Fairhope, Alabama on September 27, 2019 at the age of 91.

James Nelligan

James "Jim" Leo Nelligan (born February 14, 1929) is an American politician. He was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania serving from 1981 to 1983.

He was elected in 1980 as a Republican to the 97th United States Congress but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1982. After his term in Congress he became the Deputy Secretary of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, from 1983-85.

William F. Clinger Jr.

William Floyd "Bill" Clinger Jr. (April 4, 1929 – May 28, 2021) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania serving from 1979 to 1997.

In addition, he served as vice chairman of the United States House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ranking member on the Subcommittee on Aviation.

Along with then-Senator William Cohen, Clinger co-authored the Information Technology Management Reform Act, also known as the Clinger-Cohen Act.

In October 2016, Clinger was one of thirty Republican ex-lawmakers to sign a public letter condemning GOP presidential nominee (and future president) Donald Trump as "manifestly unqualified to be president."

Clinger Jr. died on May 28, 2021 at his home in Naples, Florida at the age of 92.


Richard T. Schulze

Richard Taylor "Dick" Schulze (born August 7, 1929) is a Republican politician. He served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1975 to 1993.


Skip Bafalis

Louis Arthur "Skip" Bafalis (September 28, 1929 – March 10, 2023) was an American politician. He served as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Florida's 10th congressional district from 1973 to 1983.

George Gekas

George William Gekas (April 14, 1930 – December 16, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He represented the state's 17th Congressional district from 1983 to 2003, when he was unseated in a major upset.

Undaunted by his unexpected defeat, Gekas was elected to the Pennsylvania State Senate in 1976 and was reelected in 1980.

Pennsylvania lost two districts after the 2000 census. One of the districts that was eliminated was the Reading-based 6th District, represented by five-term moderate-to-conservative Democrat Tim Holden.

Gekas died on December 16, 2021 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania at the age of 91.


Michael Bilirakis

Michael Bilirakis (born July 16, 1930) is an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives since 1983 until 2007, representing the 9th District of Florida.

In August 2009, Bilirakis was added to Governor Charlie Crist's short list to Replace U.S. Senator Mel Martinez.

Martha Keys

Martha Elizabeth Keys (born August 10, 1930) is an American politician. She is a retired Democratic politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives from Kansas from 1975 to 1979.

She was elected a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives from Manhattan, Kansas in 1974 and served two terms before being defeated for reelection in 1978. While serving in the House of Representatives, Keys and her husband divorced, and she was remarried to fellow Congressman Andrew Jacobs, Jr. They separated in 1981 and eventually divorced.

Keys's sister, Lee Keys, is married to former U.S. Senator and presidential candidate Gary Hart.


Andy Ireland

Andrew Poysell "Andy" Ireland (born August 23, 1930) is an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Florida serving from 1977 to 1993.


Alec G. Olson

Alec Gehard Olson (born September 11, 1930) is an American politician. He is a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives and a former state senator. He was the 40th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. 

Olson was born in Mamre Township in Kandiyohi County, Minnesota.

Olson served in the U.S. House of Representatives from January 3, 1963, to January 3, 1967, during the 88th and 89th congresses. He lost when he ran for re-election in 1966.


John Bertrand Conlan

John Bertrand Conlan (September 17, 1930 – June 18, 2021) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He served as a State Senator from 1965 to 1972 and as a United States Representative from Arizona from 1973 to 1977.

Conlon served in the Arizona Senate from 1967 to 1973.

Conlon died on June 18, 2021 in Asheville, North Carolina at the age of 90.

Edward G. Biester Jr.

Edward George Biester Jr. (born January 5, 1931) is a retired Republican politician and judge. He served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania, from 1967 to 1977.

Connie Morella

Constance Morella (née Albanese; born February 12, 1931) is an American Republican politician. She represented in the United States House of Representatives from 1987 to 2003. She also served as Permanent Representative to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) from 2003 to 2007. 

Morella currently serves on American University's faculty as an Ambassador in Residence for the Women & Politics Institute. She was appointed to the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) by President Barack Obama in 2010.


Arlen Erdahl

Arlen Ingolf Erdahl (February 27, 1931 – September 21, 2023) was an American politician. He served as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1963 to 1970, Minnesota Secretary of State from 1971–1975 and was a U.S. Representative from Minnesota, serving the first district from 1979–1983, in the 96th and 97th congresses. He died on September 21, 2023, at the age of 92.

Bill Burlison

Bill D. Burlison, (March 15, 1931 – March 17, 2019), was an American politician who has held office in Missouri and Maryland. He is a Democrat. He represented Missouri as a member of the U. S. Congress starting with the Ninety-first United States Congress in 1969 until he was defeated in a bid for a seventh-term by Bill Emerson in 1980.

Four months after entering the race for Congress in the 3rd District in the 2006 election, Burlison withdrew his candidacy on November 3, 2005. 

On February 23, 2016, he filed to run for the Missouri Senate against incumbent Republican Doug Libla, and was unopposed in the Democratic primary. On November 8, 2016, Libla won re-election with 69.35% of the vote.

Burlison died at his home in Wardell, Missouri on March 17, 2019 at the age of 88.


John E. Cunningham

John Edward "Jack" Cunningham III (born March 27, 1931) is an American politician. He is a former Republican U.S. Representative from Washington's seventh district.

Cunningham served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1973 to 1975, and in the Washington Senate from 1975 to 1977.

Cunningham was elected as a Republican to the seventh district vacancy in a special election when U.S. Representative Brock Adams resigned to become Secretary of Transportation. However his victory in this extremely liberal district was more the result of confusion with Adams resignation. Cunningham lost reelection in 1978, and served from May 17, 1977 – January 3, 1979.


Lee H. Hamilton

Lee Herbert Hamilton (born April 20, 1931) is an American politician.

Hamilton is a former member of the United States House of Representatives and currently a member of the U.S. Homeland Security Advisory Council. 

A member of the Democratic Party, Hamilton represented the 9th congressional district of Indiana from 1965 to 1999. 

Following his departure from Congress he has served on a number of governmental advisory boards, most notably as the vice chairman of the 9/11 Commission.


Walter E. Powell

Walter Eugene Powell (April 25, 1931 – January 17, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as a U.S. representative from Ohio from 1971 to 1975. 

Powell began his career as the city clerk of Fairfield, Ohio in 1956. He became a member of Fairfield City Council in 1958. In 1960, Powell successfully ran for the Ohio House of Representatives. He was reelected in 1962, and 1964. 

Bill Clay

William Lacy Clay Sr. (born April 30, 1931) is an American politician from Missouri. As Congressman from Missouri's First District, he represented portions of St. Louis in the U.S. House of Representatives for 32 years.

Clay was elected to the House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1968. He became an advocate for environmentalism, labor issues, and social justice.

Poplar Street Bridge, which connects St. Louis, Missouri, and East St. Louis, Illinois, was renamed on October 7, 2013, Congressman William L. Clay Sr. Bridge.


Austin serial bombings

The Austin serial bombings were a series of five parcel bomb explosions which occurred from March 2 - 20, 2018 in Austin, Texas, United States. They killed two civilians and the bomber, as well as injuring another six people.

The suspected bomber was Mark Anthony Conditt, age 23, who lived in Pflugerville, Texas, outside Austin.

The Austin Police Department (APD) believe the explosions were connected and considered the possibility that they are racially motivated. They have also warned civilians to not open suspicious packages, and to call the police.

Austin police officially connected the March 2 bombing following the bombings on March 12. None of the packages were mailed, instead they were placed near the individuals' homes. Two of the bombs were triggered upon being picked up, another was triggered upon being opened, and the fourth bombing was suspected to be activated by tripwire.

On March 2, 2018, 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House was killed by picking up an apparent package bomb at his home. Then, on March 13, 2018, the bombings killed 17-year-old cellist Draylen Mason. 

Authorities first offered a reward of $65,000 for information leading to an arrest and conviction of the bomber or bombers. They later raised the reward to $115,000.

On March 20, 2018, President Donald Trump said at the White House: "This is obviously a very, very sick individual, or maybe individuals...These are sick people, and we have to find them as soon as possible". 

Early on March 21, Mark Anthony Conditt was identified by investigators via security footage taken at a FedEx store, and police moved in to make an arrest. As SWAT officers approached, he detonated a bomb in the vehicle, killing himself and injuring one of them, prompting other officers to fire upon the vehicle.

Alexej von Jawlensky

Alexej von Jawlensky (13 March, 1864 – 15 March 1941) was a Russian painter. He first studied art in Russia but he spent most of his career in Germany. He painted in the Expressionist style and was particularly known for his portraits. He also painted landscapes and still lifes.

Jawlensky was born in Torzhok, a town in the western part of Russia. His father, Georgi von Jawlensky, was a colonel in the Imperial Russian Army. Like his four brothers, Jawlenskywas became an officer in the army. He studied at the military academy in Moscow, but was very interested in art. He studied art privately while he was serving as a soldier. In 1890 he was accepted at the St. Petersburg Academy of Art. He received permission from the army to study art there while still serving as a soldier. He became friends with artists who worked in the studio of Ilya Repin.

In 1896, Jawlensky resigned from the army. He went to Munich in Germany to study art and begin his career as a painter. In Munich he lived with Marianne von Werefkin. She was a painter who studied with Repin. He studied with Anton Ažbe in Munich. He also became friends with Wassily Kandinsky. Kandinsky became an important influence on Jawlensky's art. In 1902 Jawlensky's son Andreas was born. His mother was Hélène Nesnakomoff (1881-1965). She was Marianne von Werefkin's maid in Russia and then lived with her and Jawlensky in Munich. In 1905–1906 Jawlensky travelled to Paris for an exhibition of his paintings. In Paris he met Henri Matisse. Matisse became another important influence on Jawlensky's painting style. World War I began in 1914. Jawlensky was expelled from Germany because Russia was one of the countries fighting against Germany. He went to live in Switzerland.

In 1922 Jawlensky married Hélène Nesnakomoff. They returned to Germany and settled in Wiesbaden. For the next 11 years, he concentrated on abstract paintings of heads. He also organized the artistic group "Die Blaue Vier" (The Blue Four). The other three members of the group were Kandinsky, Lyonel Feininger, and Paul Klee. The four artists lectured and exhibited together in Germany and the USA. From 1929 Jawlensky suffered very badly from arthritis. He had to give up painting in 1937 because he could no longer hold his brushes. He died in Weisbaden in 1941 at the age of 77.

Jawlensky's son Andreas (1902-1984) also became a painter. As a teenager he exhibited with his father. By the end of the 1920s, he became known in his own right. Andreas served in the German army during World War II. He was captured by the Russians and spent 10 years in prisoner of war camp in Siberia. His later paintings, done in Germany and Switzerland, were mostly landscapes. In 1987 there was an exhibition of both Alezej and Andreas's paintings in New York City.

The first picture is a portrait of Jawlensky's future wife, Hélène Nesnakomoff from 1900. It was painted in the more realistic style taught in the art schools of Russia. The later paintings show the influence of expressionism and fauvism on Jawlensky's work after he moved to Germany.

Sustainability in Conwy

The local authority of Conwy is located in North Wales and borders Gwynedd and Denbighshire. The County includes some of North Wales’s largest settlements such as Llandudno, Colwyn Bay and Conwy town. It has holds 4% of Wales’s total population at 111,273 for mid-2006 according to the national assembly for Wales (2006). Industry in this county has changed considerably over the last 2 centuries as during the industrial revolution slate quarrying was a big industry as stated by Day (2002, PP36) “The most distinctive economic feature of north-west Wales was its unique slate quarrying industry”. However, in recent times there has been a big emphasis on tourism, especially in seaside resorts such as Llandudno. But one big questioned raised by many in recent years is how is sustainability being implemented in Conwy? This article will focus on sustainable approaches in which Conwy as a local authority are implementing over the next couple of years. This report assesses the sustainability of Conwy in regards to environmental, social, cultural and economic considerations in this region but also looking at Conwy’s LDP and corporate plan for 2017-2022.

Conwy being located on the North Wales Coast and stretching into the Snowdonia National Park has very impressive and outstanding scenery. Although as mentioned earlier slate quarrying in some of these areas has left scaring on the landscape with “entire mountains chiseled away” Day (2002, PP36) in some areas. It is therefore crucial that Conwy is enlisting schemes to help preserve its environment for future generations. In 2016 the Welsh assembly government published the Environment for Wales act (2016). This act applies to all the public bodies in wales and aims to help Welsh local authorities by up to 80% by 2050 - Conwy Council (2017) and this features in both the corporate plan and the LDP for Conwy.  
They plan to do this by a number of objectives including implementing sustainable coastal and flooding defenses so properties and the coastline at risk are protected by a scheme, which is fit for purpose. Also the CBCC (2017) is aiming to improve recycling facilities and working with the Welsh government to increase recycling and reduce their Carbon footprint by investing in more renewable energies. In regards to renewable energy in this county they are trying to promote the development of a tidal lagoon in Colwyn Bay. This project would not only produce renewable low carbon energy for North Wales but can act as a coastal defense on the Conwy coastline and has potential to be used as a recreational facility. The County are also looking into other renewable energy schemes for the future decades. Leading on from this the CBCC (2017) state in there LDP that they are focusing on improving the landscape of areas that have been scared because of quarrying as mentioned earlier. This is in conjunction with the environment for Wales act (2016) and mentions that they are introducing agricultural grading to their land to ensure it returns its essential nutrients and increasing peat productions. Another scheme which is CBCC are looking to implement is a green wedge scheme. This involves promoting and encouraging the amount of green space available in the county and this is incorporated in both their LDP and corporate plan. 

Cultural sustainability is the adapting beneficial parts of a specific nation’s history and culture to help the development for the future and present generations. Aspects such as language and historical buildings reflect tradition values of past cultures and can therefore be used as a means to measure sustainability. In the 2011 census published by the Conwy County Borough Council, that in Conwy: 
Studies in China show that among those living in China there was strong evidence of residents having a specific connection to building that represent their history and past culture. Even though this is a study that was conducted in China, examples of this can also be seen everywhere in the world including Conwy. This sense of longing for historical styled building is evident in Wales in terms of listed buildings. 

In Wales (and England) buildings with significant historical interest are often classified into either Grade I or Grade II buildings. Grade I listed buildings are buildings with significant historic relevance whereas Grade II listed buildings are buildings which are important in reflection to past history and culture but with less significance than Grade I buildings. Accorded to the British Listed Building website Conwy has a total of 254 listed buildings (both Grade I and Grade II), which is the second highest in the whole of Wales, second to Llandudno which has 394 and then followed by Abergele which has 81. The listed buildings in Conwy range from Grade I listed buildings such as: 
Grade II buildings such as:
Buildings can also be used to view the national identity of the area through the eyes of those living there and those visiting as in recent years culture has played an important part of tourism and is increasingly in demand from tourists which is reflected in the Conwy Culture Centre. The development of this cultural centre was funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund in 2015 and a planning application was approved in 2017 which allows building and development to start. The Centre was planned to provide a safe space for youths to meet as well as a place to hold and display historic collections as well as offer training programmes and volunteer opportunities to locals who live in the area to improve their quality of live and the job aspects etc they are able to get. These aspects are all insightful of the ‘Conwy County Borough Council annual report 2016/17’ which explains how they had created a new strategy to increase the number of Welsh speakers (as well as the quality of the language that people who can speak the language were confident that they were able to speak). It also said that they had gained enough funding to be able to begin to develop the centre. As well as this it stated that heritage tourism within Conwy was increasing as a result of the changes that they made and that the volunteering support that was bring provided by the Conwy Culture Centre was worthwhile as two of the volunteers who took part were awarded with well-known awards (BBC Sports Wales young volunteer of the year).

One of the four main indicators which are usually used to measure successful sustainability is the social aspects available in an area. Often studies into social sustainability include “housing, household structure, paid domestic work, material cultures of home and homelessness”. In attempt to reduce the rate of homelessness in Conwy, Conwy County Borough Council have made a five year strategy in 2013 (Local Housing Strategy). The aims of this strategy included making housing more affordable in attempt to allow the working population, those most likely to be renting homes, to remain in the area as housing is hard to afford. 2,200 homes in Conwy in 2015 were overcrowded as families could not afford large enough houses. Conwy County Borough Council (2015) also reveal that homelessness began to decrease in 2005, however overall, the rate of homeless in Conwy is lower than the national average for Wales. The Conwy Housing Solutions has an online help guide for those who are affected by homelessness and those that are expected to become homeless within 8 weeks and explains how Part 2 of the 2014 Housing (Wales) Act and Conwy County Borough Council (CCBC) can offer help. As well as homelessness in general studies have shown that there is often more homeless females than males and that this pattern is not being investigated enough and also that often, as women have different needs to men, women who are homeless suffer more from the effects of homelessness than men do.
Unemployment levels in Conwy in 2005 were 4% which was higher than the average for Wales at the time. One possible explanation for this could be due to the fact that in many places women still struggle to get jobs in 'male-dominated' fields such as farming and building therefore they often aren't able to get training or if they already have the necessary training they can find anyone to hire them. To try to change the problem with gender inequality in Conwy, CCBC have formed a ‘Strategic Equality Plan’ which was put into action in 2016. This plan attempts to contest gender inequalities in employment, pay and training by 2020.

Economic sustainability in Conwy is being planned by Conwy County Borough Council through the Conwy economic growth strategy 2017-2027. The creation of renewable energy has a great potential to increase the sustainable development of specific areas by creating a large selection of socioeconomic benefits such as improving regional and rural development opportunities, employment opportunities and the establishment of a domestic industry (del Río and Burguillo, 2009). There are five ambitions in Conwy’s economic growth strategy 2017-2027, one of them being to facilitate the tidal lagoon as mentioned earlier and other renewable energy projects across the county Conwy Council 2018. The tidal lagoon will create employment opportunities for the people of Conwy improving the sustainability of the local economy. Sourcing from small businesses can also improve the economic sustainability of local economies. Buying from small businesses can add to the development of the local economy in a variety of ways such as providing innovative green products and services (Walker and Preuss, 2008).
Conwy council want the local economy to be confident, resilient and sustainable. Conwy council will encourage new ideas and will work proactively with businesses to promote conditions in which they can grow. This is evidence that Conwy Council are aiming to effectively improve their local economy through the enhancement of local businesses that will in turn increase the economic sustainability of Conwy. Sustainable tourism is important for sustainable economic development. Appropriate policies are being applied within the Principality of Wales through the Wales Tourist Board to ensure successful sustainable tourism development (Owen, Witt and Gammon, 1993). An ambition of the Conwy Economic Growth Strategy 2017-2027 is to create winter tourism offer across the county making Conwy a year-round visitor destination Conwy Council (2018). This is an appropriate policy for Conwy as the area faces problems associated with seasonal tourism. The improvement of winter tourism in Conwy aims to counteract these problems and make the county a year-round tourist destination. Tourism is an important part of Conwy’s local economy and the creation of sustainable year-round tourism will further support the local economy, specifically in winter months. This will then improve the sustainable economic development of the County of Conwy. Higher education provides benefits to individuals and the society and must be considered when evaluating the economic sustainability of an area. Students who attend higher education obtain a wide range of personal and financial benefits (Baum et al, 2010). This would then support individuals in contributing to their local economy and its sustainable development. The Conwy County Borough council have recognised this and aim to establish a dedicated higher education presence in the county as outlined in the Conwy Economic Growth Strategy 2017-2027. This ambition will lay out a future for higher education institutions in the area and Wales as a whole. The increase in students attending higher education institutions shall then see a rise in financial benefits in Conwy County which will in turn promote the development of a sustainable economy in the area.

In Summary Conwy has introduced a variety of schemes to help preserve the county for future generations. It is good to see that sustainability features so much in both the council’s Local development plan and corporate plan 2017-2022. It would be interesting to revisit this in the next five year and to see what goals featured in the corporate plan have been met and in particular developments on the proposed Tidal Lagoon in Colwyn Bay. For an area with such a diverse history and culture, it is good to see that both the council and communities want to preserve it for future generations. 

Windows NT 3.51

Windows NT 3.51 is an operating system developed by Microsoft. It was released on May 30, 1995, nine months after Windows NT 3.5 and two months before Windows 95. It is part of the Windows NT family and Windows NT 3.5x. It is the final version of Windows 3.x. Windows NT 3.51 was the first version of a short line of Windows NT available for the PowerPC architecture. It is the third Windows NT version.

Ruble

The ruble or rouble is (or was) a currency unit of some countries in Eastern Europe. Originally, the ruble was the currency unit of Imperial Russia and then the Soviet Union (as the Soviet ruble). 

It is currently the currency unit of Russia (as the Russian ruble and Byelorussia (as the Byelorussian ruble). The Russian ruble is also used in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. 

In the past, several other countries influenced by Russia and the Soviet Union had currency units that were also named rubles. One ruble is divided into 100 kopeks, and 100 rubles make a palochka.

Phillips, Wisconsin

Phillips is a city in Price County in the state of Wisconsin, United States.

Orphism (religion)

Orphism is a mystic religion of ancient Greece, originating in the 7th or 6th century BC and based on poems (now lost) attributed to Orpheus, emphasizing the necessity for individuals to rid themselves of the evil part of their nature by ritual and moral purification throughout a series of reincarnations.

Interpretatio graeca

Interpretatio graeca (Latin: "interpretation by means of Greek [models]") is how the religious concepts and practices, deities, and myths of Ancient Greece were used to interpret or attempt to understand the mythology and religion of other cultures. The term interpretatio romana (first coined by the Roman historian Tacitus in his book "Germania"), refers to the process as it was used by the Romans. Results of this process included using the names of deities as epithets for others, and identifying them in accordance with their various roles and functions.

Section sign

The section sign (§) (also known as the section marker, section symbol, paragraph sign, paragraph marker, paragraph symbol, double S or section mark or paragraph mark for short in parts of Europe) is a letter that is an alternate form of ß used in legal code. It is also a punctuation mark. This character is used to refer to a section in legal code. For example, in the APA style: "Title 16 of the United States Code Section 580p" becomes "16 US Code § 580p", which shows the section sign in place of "United States Code Section".

Many platforms and languages have support for the section sign:


Some keyboards include dedicated ways to access §:

Katie Boyle

Katie Boyle, Lady Saunders (born Caterina Irene Elena Maria Imperiali di Francavilla; 29 May 1926 – 20 March 2018) was an Italian-born British actress, television personality, and game-show panelist. She was well known for appearing on TV panel games such as "What's My Line?" and for presenting the Eurovision Song Contest four times in the 1960s and 1970s.

Boyle died on 20 March 2018 at her Manchester home at the age of 91.


Sudan (rhinoceros)

Sudan (1973 – March 19, 2018) was a captive northern white rhinoceros who lived at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia, Kenya.

He was known for being one of only three living northern white rhinoceroses in the world, and the last known male of his subspecies. Sudan was euthanised on March 19, 2018, after suffering from "age-related complications".

Hasan Celal Güzel

Hasan Celal Güzel (1945, Gaziantep – 19 March 2018) was a Turkish journalist and politician. He was Minister of Education, Youth and Sport (1987 - 1989). He was leader of the Rebirth Party in the 1990s, a party he co-founded in 1992. He has been a columnist for "Radikal" and "Vatan".

Barkat Gourad Hamadou

Barkat Gourad Hamadou (Arabic: بركات غوراد حمادو‎) (1 January 1930 – 18 March 2018) was a Djiboutian politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Djibouti from 2 October 1978 until 7 March 2001. He was born in Dikhil Region, French Somaliland. He resigned in 2001 due to health problems.

Hamadou died on 18 March 2018 in Paris of complications from heart disease, aged 88.

Franz Pacher

Franz Pacher (28 April 1919 – 3 March 2018) was an Austrian engineer and pioneer. He was born in Prostřední Suchá, present-day Czech Republic. He worked of modern tunneling, who was one of three men notable as the chief developers of the New Austrian Tunneling method.

Pacher died in Salzburg, Austria on 3 March 2018 at the age of 98.

Robert Langlands

Robert Phelan Langlands (; born October 6, 1936) is an American-Canadian mathematician. He is best known as the founder of the Langlands program that results connecting representation theory and automorphic forms to the study of Galois groups in number theory, for which he received the 2018 Abel Prize. 

He is an emeritus professor and occupies Albert Einstein's office at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.

David Benton

David C. Benton (born 29 October 1957) is a British nurse and former chief executive officer of International Council of Nurses. He served in this capacity between 2008 to 2015. He took over from Judith Oulton and before his appointment, he was a senior consultant in the same organisation.
He is a fellow of the American Academy of Nursing and Royal College of Nursing. 

Ivan Silayev

Ivan Stepanovich Silayev (; 21 October 1930 — 8 February 2023) was a Soviet politician. He became a Russian politician following the dissolution of the Soviet Union. He served as Premier of the Soviet Union through the offices of chairman of the Interstate Economic Committee and chairman of the Committee on the Operational Management of the Soviet economy from 6 September to 26 December 1991. 

On 18 December 1991 Silayev became the Permanent Representative of Russia to the European Community in Brussels.

On 26 September 2002 Silayev became Chairman of the Russian Union of Mechanical Engineers. His wife died on 18 March 2006. During the 2007 legislative election Silayev ran as a candidate for the Agrarian Party, but failed to get elected.

Silayev died on 8 February 2023, at the age of 92.

Mary L. Good

Mary Lowe Good (June 20, 1931 – November 20, 2019) was an American inorganic chemist. She worked academically, in industrial research and in government. 

Good was known for her works in the understanding of catalysts such as ruthenium which activate or speed up chemical reactions. 

From April 3, 1996 to April 12, 1996, Good was acting United States Secretary of Commerce until Mickey Kantor was sworn-in. 

Good won many major awards including the Garvan–Olin Medal, the Othmer Gold Medal, the Priestley Medal, and the Vannevar Bush Award.

Good died at her home in Little Rock, Arkansas, on November 20, 2019, at the age of 88.

Arden L. Bement Jr.

Arden Lee Bement Jr. (born May 22, 1932) is an American engineer and scientist. He has served in executive positions in government, industry and academia . He is a former Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Advanced Technology, Chief Technical Officer of TRW, Director of the National Science Foundation (NSF) and Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). 

Following the end of his six-year term at NSF, on June 1, 2010 he became the founding director of the Global Policy Research Institute and Chief Global Affairs officer at Purdue University.


Rita R. Colwell

Rita Rossi Colwell (born November 23, 1934) is an American environmental microbiologist and scientific administrator. Colwell holds degrees in bacteriology, genetics, and oceanography and studies infectious diseases. Colwell is the founder and Chair of CosmosID, a bioinformatics company.

From 1998 to 2004, she was the 11th Director of the National Science Foundation.

Anton Ažbe

Anton Ažbe (30 May 1862 – 5/6 August 1905) was a Slovene painter and teacher of painting. He painted in the realist style. Less than 30 of his paintings and drawings survive. The National Gallery of Slovenia in Ljubljana holds most of his works. He was most famous for his private painting school which he opened in Munich in 1892. Many foreign students came to study with him including Alexej von Jawlensky and Wassily Kandinsky.

Anton Ažbe and his twin brother Alois were born to a peasant family in Dolenčice, a small village in Slovenia. Their father died of tuberculosis when the boys were seven years old. Their mother had a very bad mental illness. She could not look after the farm or take care of the boys. A guardian took care of them. Anton had very poor health. He did not grow like a healthy child. He remained very short all his life. He also had problems with his spine and his legs. His guardian sent him to Klagenfurt as an apprentice to a merchant. After five years Ažbe ran away. He went to Ljubljana. In Ljubljana he met the painter Janez Wolf. He helped Wolf paint frescos in churches.

In 1880 Wolf helped Ažbe get into the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna. Ažbe studied for there for two years, but he did not like the academy's teaching method. He thought it was old-fashioned. In 1884 he moved to the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich. The Munich academy was much more modern. Ažbe did very well there. His teachers, Gabriel von Hackl and Ludwig von Löfftz, admired his work. The academy gave him a scholarship. He and his friend Ferdo Vesel, another art student, earned extra money by selling their drawings and paintings. They also earned money by helping other students with their painting and drawing assignments.

Ažbe finished his studies at the Munich academy in 1891. By that time he was already known for his portrait painting. His paintings were shown in art exhibitions at the Glaspalast. The Glaspalast was a large glass and iron exhibition building in the old botanical garden of Munich. It was modeled after the Crystal Palace in London. In 1892, Ferdo Vesel encouraged Ažbe to give private lessons to art students in Munich. He started with seven students who rented a room for their lessons, but the number grew very fast. Soon Ažbe was able to rent a building on 16 Georgenstrasse for the school. He also had his own studio on that street. The door to the school had a sign that said "Nur fest!" ("Be bold!"). The school became very famous. It specialised in painting nudes and portraits. Famous artists who studied at Ažbe's school included Alexej von Jawlensky and Wassily Kandinsky.

Ažbe did all the teaching at the school by himself. This left little time for his own painting. In his later years Kandinsky wrote about his old teacher's generosity and kindness. Ažbe often gave free lessons to students who could not afford to pay. Ažbe died from cancer in 1905 at the age of 43. His obituary in a Munich newspaper described him as a man of great modesty and one of the city's "most original and best-known artistic personalities."


Pattypan squash

The pattypan squash is a vegetable. It can also be called a "Sunburst Squash", or a "White Squash". 

It is part of the squash family. They can be white, yellow, or green.

Stormy Daniels

Stormy Daniels (born Stephanie Gregory Clifford March 17, 1979) is an American award-winning pornographic actress, screenwriter and stripper. She is a member of the NightMoves, AVN and XCRO halls of fame.

In 2018, Daniels and her lawyer Michael Avenatti became involved in a legal scandal with Donald Trump and his lawyer Michael Cohen. Trump and people who represent him were accused of paying Daniels $130,000 so that she wouldn't tell anyone about an alleged sexual relationship with Trump. 

Spokespeople for Trump said that he never had an affair. White House Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders spoke for Trump. She said he never gave any payments to Daniels.

In 2010, a group of fans tried to get Daniels to run against Republican Senator David Vitter.

Daniels was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Fortnite Battle Royale

Fortnite Battle Royale is a video game mode within Fortnite Battle Royale, that was has 3 main game modes battle royal creative and survie the world released in 2017. The game is centered around being the last person alive. It also consists of a storm slowly moving towards a point on the map, dealing 1-10 damage per second, depending on how long the game had lasted. If a player is caught in the storm for too long, their character is eliminated. The game is so popular that one weekend 3.6 million people were playing it. According to  Dexerto, Fortnite saw an average of 236 million monthly players in the past 30 days(as of March 2023), with a peak daily player reaching 15 million. In the first year of Fortnite, Epic Games made a mode called Save the World which is Fortnite's main campaign. Fortnite is one of the most popular games in the world, where around 40 million people log on to play the game monthly. The original version of this game was called "Save The World" and was first introduced in 2011 with the name of Fortnite. In this mode, your mission is to save the survivors trapped in the storm zone. Fortnite has had 29 seasons, with the latest coming out in the morning of March 8, 2024.

The game starts with up to 100 players. The player may join with other players to form a team of two to four players, or the player may play on their own. The main goal of the game is to be the last player or team alive by eliminating or avoiding other players. The round starts with weaponless players skydiving from floating buses (called "Battle Buses") into a region of land. The game is set in that particular environment with all of the weapons, health items and other combat support that is needed for players to survive. Opponents attack other players and defend themselves by building structures. Throughout the game, a purple storm approaching from outside the land will move closer and closer towards the center of the map. Any player caught in the storm will become damaged. This directs surviving players closer to each other, forcing them to have to fight against each other. During the match, supply drops that provide legendary weapons and items will appear in random locations. Similar to "", "Fortnite Battle Royale" is primarily played in third-person perspective (a type of perspective where the player controls the character as if they were around the character).

What makes "Fortnite Battle Royale" unique from other battle royale games is the new building system, originating from the original Fortnite game. Players may destroy objects in their environment to provide materials so that they can build fortifications (walls, roofs, floors, etc) that help protect them from enemies. Some fortifications can be built quickly, but they will be destroyed easily. Some fortifications, however, can be built slowly but resists attacks better. In Chapter 3 Season 2, a no-build mode was introduced that removes the building mechanic.

The game is free-to-play, however players have the option to make in-app purchases that earn extra V-Bucks. "Vinderbucks", or V-Bucks for short, allows players to purchase new skins for their characters, weapons, or dances. The player can also earn V-Bucks without in-app purchases through completing missions or challenges that can even include skins.

Ever since Fortnite Battle Royale was first released, Epic Games, the creator of the game, has added new features to it regularly. They frequently add new items and weapons for the game as well as fixing up any glitches or other critical problems in the game that affect gameplay via updates.

Fortnite Battle Royale has "seasons" that last for about 10 weeks each. These seasons introduce a new theme, along with a new chapter in the game's storyline. Each season also brings new content, including new exclusive skins and new gameplay elements. There are currently 29 seasons, broken up into (mainly 4, excluding the new chapter 5 Season 1 update) 5 chapters.

On October 15, 2019, a new chapter was released to Fortnite Battle Royale. This added even more new gameplay like boats, fishing, new guns, a lot of guns and items being vaulted, and a completely new map.

The game quickly gained popularity, with over 10 million players playing the game within the first two weeks of release. As of March of 2019, Fortnite Battle Royale has 250 million players, exceeding the population of Canada.

"Fortnite Battle Royale" has also been popular with children, even though the game is all about shooting each other. The game's cartoonish art style, free-to-play nature (does not cost money to play the game), and being able to interact online makes it attractive to kids. Since the release of the mobile version of "Fortnite Battle Royale", many parents and teachers were concerned about how it affects children psychologically. Teachers have noticed that children are easily distracted when playing Fortnite. Epic Games, the creator of "Fortnite Battle Royale", responded by adding warning labels to the game's loading screens that the game should not be played during a class session.

Some agencies (organizations that service a special field) were worried that many children are not getting enough proper exercise and real-world social interaction because of playing games such as "Fortnite". Other agencies had warned parents that "Fortnite Battle Royale" causes children to do violent behavior. On April 2019, Prince Harry proposed that "Fortnite Battle Royale" should be banned. He believes "Fortnite Battle Royale" has a negative effect on society. He said, "The game should not be allowed, Its created to addict children. An addiction to keep you in front of a screen for as long as possible. It's so irresponsible." 

Naagin 2

Naagin 2 is an Indian television series. The series was the sequel of "Naagin" and is followed by "Naagin 3", The series is produced by Ekta Kapoor, and created by Balaji Telefilms.
The series premiered on Colors TV on 8 October 2016 and ended on 25 June 2017.
The series starred Mouni Roy and Karanvir Bohra in lead roles.

B. R. Ambedkar

Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar (14 April 1891 – 6 December 1956), popularly known as Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar was an Indian jurist, economist, politician, writer and social reformer. He inspired the Dalit Buddhist Movement and campaigned against social discrimination against Untouchables (Dalits), and also supported the rights of women and labour. He was independent India's first law minister, the principal architect of the Constitution of India.

In 1956, in Deekshabhoomi, he initiated a mass conversion of Dalit, converting to Buddhism with 600,000 supporters. He revived Buddhism in India. Ambedkar is regarded as a bodhisattva, and the Maitreya, among the Navayana Buddhists.

In 1990, the Bharat Ratna, India's highest civilian award, was posthumously conferred upon Ambedkar. Ambedkar's legacy includes numerous memorials and depictions in popular culture. Ambedkar's legacy as a socio-political reformer had a deep effect on modern India.

Ambedkar was voted "the Greatest Indian" in 2012 by a poll organised by History TV18 and CNN IBN, ahead of Vallabhbhai Patel and Jawaharlal Nehru.

Ambedkar Jayanti (Ambedkar's birthday) is an annual festival celebrated on 14 April. Ambedkar Jayanti is celebrated as an official public holiday in many states of India. The United Nations celebrated Ambedkar Jayanti in 2016, 2017 and 2018.

Jacqueline Scott

Jacqueline Scott (January 1, 1932 – July 23, 2020) was an American actress who appeared frequently in movies and television throughout the 1950s through 1980s. 

She was called "The Youngest Old-Timer in the Business" because she appeared opposite several of the most well-known male actors of her day. She was featured in such major sitcoms as "The Twilight Zone", "Gunsmoke", "The Fugitive", and "Perry Mason".

Smith died on July 23, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 89.

Jules Sedney

Jules Sedney (28 September 192218 June 2020) was a Surinamese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Suriname from 20 November 1969 to 24 December 1973. In 1980, he became governor of the Central Bank of Suriname. He left the country in exile in 1983. Sedney returned to Suriname in 1989.

Sedney led a multi-ethnic government that Sedney believed had the checks and balances necessary for the growth of the Suriname economy.

Sedney died on 18 June 2020, aged 97. He had been hospitalized just prior to his death.


Jean Michel Larrasket

Jean-Michel Larrasket (22 May 1950 – 19 March 2018) was a French professor and engineer. He served as Vice-President for the northern Basque Country in the Basque Studies Society from 2012 until his death in 2018.

Larrasket was known for his several projects for the social and economic development of the Northern Basque Country and he was also one of the founders of the "Eticoop" cooperative that promotes entrepreneurship in this geographical area.

Martín Vizcarra

Martín Alberto Vizcarra Cornejo (born 22 March 1963) is a Peruvian engineer and politician. He was the 67th President of Peru following the resignation of President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski. He previously served as the Vice President of Peru alongside Mercedes Aráoz.

Vizcarra was born in Lima, the son of César Vizcarra Vargas, who was an American Popular Revolutionary Alliance(APRA) member, and Doris Cornejo, an elementary school teacher. His father was mayor of Moquegua and a member of the Constituent Assembly of 1978. His family was based in Moquegua, but moved to Lima due to a pulmonary complication that put him on the verge of death at his birth. Vizcarra has stated that his father had a lasting impact on his life.

Vizcarra studied at the IEP Juan XXIII and the GUE Simón Bolívar, in Moquegua. For university education, Vizcarra graduated from the National University of Engineering in Lima in 1984 while also earning a degree in Management Administration from the School of Business Administration (ESAN).

In the 2016 general election, Vizcarra ran with the Peruvians for Change presidential ticket as candidate for first vice president and as Pedro Pablo Kuczynski's running mate. The ticket narrowly defeated Keiko Fujimori's Popular Forcenomination.

Vizcarra was sworn into office as president on 23 March 2018 following the resignation of President Kuczynski. Throughout his tenure, Vizcarra remained independent from political parties, promoted reforms against corruption in the legislative and judicial branches and vowed to not run for president when his term ends in 2021.Following what he described as a "factual denial of confidence" against his government, Vizcarra dissolved the Peruvian Congress on 30 September 2019 and, on the same day, issued a decree for legislative elections. The snap election for a new congress was held on 26 January 2020, with the legislature elected becoming opposition-led once again.

On 9 November 2020, Vizcarra was impeached and removed as President by the Congress and replaced with Manuel Merino. Vizcarra's impeachment incited the 2020 Peruvian protests, as many Peruvians. Vizcarra was banned from holding public office for 10 years after allegedly jumping the line to get a COVID-19 vaccine, with an 86-0 vote in congress.

Bandar bin Khalid Al Saud

Bandar bin Khalid Al Faisal Al Saud/ Bandar bin Khalid bin Faisal Al Saud (born 1965) is a Saudi businessman. He is a member of House of Saud. He is chairman of "Al Watan", a reformist newspaper. He is the eldest son of Khalid bin Faisal Al Saud and the brother of Saud bin Khalid and Sultan bin Khalid.

He is co-founder and a member of the board of trustees of the Arab Thought Foundation, which works to promote better understanding between Arabs and the Western world.

Bandar bin Khalid was appointed vice president of Painting and Patronage in 2010.

Anna-Lisa

Anna-Lisa (30 March 1933 – 21 March 2018) was a Norwegian-born American actress. He appeared in American movies and television. She was known for her role as Nora Travers in the ABC western series "Black Saddle", with Peter Breck and Russell Johnson.

In 1954, she was cast in guest-starring roles in such western television series as "Sugarfoot", "Maverick", and "Bronco".

She appeared in an episode of "The Millionaire" in 1959, the episode ".45 Caliber" of "Laramie (TV series)", and a 1963 segment of "Perry Mason", "The Case of the Velvet Claws" as Norma Vickers and a 1964 episode of "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea".

Anna-Lisa died in Oslo on 21 March 2018, nine days before her 85th birthday.

Cindy Hyde-Smith

Cindy Hyde-Smith (born May 10, 1959) is an American politician. She is the junior United States Senator from Mississippi since 2018. She served as the Mississippi Commissioner of Agriculture and Commerce from 2012 to 2018. 

Hyde-Smith is a member of the Republican Party. She is the first female Agriculture Commissioner and a former member of the Mississippi State Senate, serving for three terms, and holding the position of Senate Agriculture Committee chair for eight years.

Governor Phil Bryant announced on March 21, 2018 that he will appoint Hyde-Smith to the United States Senate seat that was vacated by Thad Cochran on April 1, 2018. She is the first female member of Congress from Mississippi.

On November 6, 2018, Hyde-Smith and Democrat Mike Espy advanced to a run-off election held on November 27, where she beat Espy in the election.


2016 World Series

The 2016 World Series was the 112th edition of the World Series, the championship round of Major League Baseball. It was played between the Chicago Cubs of the National League and the Cleveland Indians of the American League. Both were seeking to end their own long-standing droughts, as the Indians hadn't won a World Series title since 1948, and the Cubs had the longest drought in American sports history, as they hadn't won it since 1908. The Cubs defeated the Indians in seven games after trailing in the series three games to one, to win their first World Series title in 108 years.

The Indians took the first game with a 6-0 victory, in which Indians' starter Corey Kluber pitched six plus shutout innings. The Cubs evened the series, winning 5-1. And then the series shifted to Wrigley field for the next three games. The Indians took a three games to one series lead after winning games 4 and 5 by respective scores of 1-0 and 7-2. The Cubs, however, sent the series back to Cleveland, winning game 5 by a score of 3-2. Game 5 was notable for Aroldis Chapman pitching 2 2/3 scoreless innings to get the save. The Cubs would then force Game 7 with a 9-3 blowout win in Game 6.

Game 7 would go down as a classic, with comparisons to 1960, 1991, and 2001 regarding the game's intensity. Dexter Fowler led off the game with a home run. But the Indians would tie the game in the bottom of the third inning. The Cubs then jumped out to a 5-1 lead, but then a David Ross error followed by a wild pitch allowed the Indians to cut the lead to 5-3. Ross, however, hit a home run in the top of the sixth inning to make it 6-3 Cubs. In the bottom of the eighth inning, Brandon Guyer cut the lead to 6-4 with a run-scoring double. And then Rajai Davis tied the game at 6-6 with a two-run home run. After nine innings, there was a rain delay which lasted for 17 minutes before play resumed. In the top of the tenth, the Cubs broke the tie with RBI hits from Ben Zobrist and Miguel Montero, making the score 8-6. In the bottom of the inning, Carl Edward Jr. retired the first two but then walked Guyer and allowed an RBI single from Davis, making the score 8-7. Mike Montgomery then retired Michael Martinez for the final out. The Cubs thereby won the Series, ending their 108-year championship drought.

Mucho Barato

Mucho Barato is the first album by Control Machete, a Mexican hip hop group. It came out in 1997 and sold 100,000 copies in Mexico, and 400,000 in Latin America. The single Comprendes Mendes? became very popular and was a radio hit all over Latin America.


Turan (mythology)

Turan was the goddess of love, beauty, desire, fertility and vitality in Etruscan mythology and the patron goddess of the city of Velch. She was the lover of Laran, the god of war, and the Etruscan equivalent to the Roman goddess Venus (Aphrodite in Greek mythology). 

Laran

Laran is the god of war and bloodlust in Etruscan mythology. He was typically portrayed as a naked youth wearing a helmet and carrying a spear, and was associated with fire and the Sun. He was the lover of Turan, goddess of love, beauty and fertility; Laran himself was the Etruscan equivalent of the Greek god Ares (Mars in Roman mythology).

Hunter × Hunter

Hunter × Hunter is a manga (Japanese comic) made by Yoshihiro Togashi. The story is about a young boy named Gon Freecss, who wants to be a hunter and find his father. A "hunter" is a job for people who have fantastic abilities.

The manga was first published on March 3, 1998 in a Japanese magazine called "Shonen Jump". However, the maker Yoshihiro Togashi has often taken frequent breaks from writing since 2006. In 1999, a 62-episode anime television series produced from "Hunter × Hunter". The series was produced by Nippon Animation and directed by Kazuhiro Furuhashi. The show ran until 2001. A second anime television series by Madhouse aired on Nippon Television. The series was aired from October 2011 to September 2014. There are also many audio albums, video games, musicals, and other media based on "Hunter × Hunter". The manga has been translated into English and released in North America by Viz Media since April 2005. Both television series were also licensed by Viz. The first series was aired on the Funimation Channel in 2009 and the second series premiered on Adult Swim's Toonami block since April 16, 2016.

"Hunter × Hunter" became one of Shueisha's best-selling manga series. 66 million copies of this manga were sold in Japan alone as of 2014.

Gon Freecss is the main series protagonist, an athletic, naïve, and friendly boy who becomes Hunter to search for his estranged father Ging. After becoming a licensed Hunter, Gon gains Killua as a traveling companion as learn about Nen from Wing and later train further under Biscuit Krueger. Gon's Nen affinity is Enhancement, developing his "Ja Jan Ken" fighting style after rock-paper-scissors. However, Gon loses his ability to use Nen following his battle with the Chimera Ant Neferpitou.

Killua Zoldyck is Gon’s best friend and member of the infamous Zoldyck Family of assassins, having been trained since birth and conditioned to possess extreme tolerance for poison, electricity and pain. Although Killua fails during his first Hunter Exam by killing an opponent, due to his elder brother Illumi's influence, he passes his second after eliminating all other applicants in the very first trial. Killua remained by Gon's during the first half of the series until the end of the Chimera Ant arc. Killua's Nen affinity is Transmutation, which allows him to change the properties of his aura into electricity. Killua applies this to his nervous system to develop his "Godspeed" Hatsu, which allows him to move at immeasurable speeds.

Kurapika is the sole survivor of the Kurta clan, an ethnic group whose irises that turn scarlet in emotional stress, who were slaughtered by the Phantom Troupe to sell their eyes in the black market. Kurapika participates in the Hunter Exam alongside Gon, Leorio and Killua in order to become a Blacklist Hunter and use his achieve to avenge his people by any means. This included aligning himself with the Nostrade mafia family as a bodyguards. He later joins the Zodiacs as the "Rat" at Leorio's recommendation, accepting the position upon being told that Tserriednich Hui Guo Rou has the last batch of scarlet eyes that he needs to retrieve. This leads to his accompanying Woble Hui Guo Rou to the Dark Continent as her bodyguard. Kurapika's Nen affinity is normally Conjuration, creating five chains: "Dowsing Chain: The Guiding Ring Finger" for dowsing and normal attacks, "Chain Jail: The Restraining Middle Finger" which he can only use on Phantom Troupe members, "Holy Chain: Healing
Thumb" heals any injury with the crucifix on the end. "Judgement Chain: Arbiter Little Finger" kills the target should they violent any rule Kurapika imposes, and "Thieving Index Finger: Steal Chain" extract another person' aura and Nen ability. But when Kurapika's eyes turn scarlet, he gains a Specialist affinity that allows him to use the Hatsu "Emperor Time: Absolute Mastery", utilizing 100% of all Nen types but loses an hour of hour from each second he uses it while enhancing his chains' ability like "Stealth Dolphin: Index Finger in Emperor Time".

Leorio Paradinight is a young adult who befriends Gon, Kurapika and Killua during the Hunter Exam while wanting to become a Hunter to pay his way through medical school and treat the impoverished for free. Leorio is later invited to become a member of the Zodiacs as the "Boar" and joins their expedition to the Dark Continent. Leorio's Nen affinity is Emission.

Hisoka Morow is a serial killer who combines his magic tricks with violence, being aroused by battling those he considers strong. Hisoka took an interest in Gon since first meeting him during the Hunter Exam, letting him and his friends live so that they grow into more worthy opponents while helping them for his own benefit. Hisoka also infiltrated the Phantom Troupe for chance to fight their leader Chrollo Lucilfer, aiding the Phantom Troupe restore Chrollo's Nen ability for his benefit. But after temporary killed fighting Chrollo in Heavens Arena, Hisoka revives himself and goes on a killing rampage against the Phantom Troupe. Hisoka's Nen affinity is Transmution, most often uses his ability "Elastic Love - Bungee Gum" make his aura elastic and sticky like gum.

Neko Atsume

Neko Atsume: Kitty Collector is a cat collecting game for iOS and Android made by Hit-Point Co.,Ltd. It was released on October 20, 2014 and has been downloaded more than 19 million times.

The game starts by purchasing foods, toys, and furniture to attract cats to the player's home. The player can watch cats playing with objects, take photos, and receive gifts of "niboshi" (にぼし, small dried sardines) and "mementos", which means treasure or prizes, from them.

Right now, there are 62 cats for the player to collect. Inside these, 22 cats are "rare cats" and only appear when special items are in the player's home.

Hercle

Hercle (alternately spelled Heracle or Hercl) is a hero and god in Etruscan mythology. The son of Tinia and Uni, Hercle was the Etruscan equivalent of the Greek hero Herakles, depicted as a muscular figure who carried a club and wore a lionskin. Hercle was a popular subject in Etruscan art, especially bronze mirrors, which depict him engaging in a set of adventures different from those of Herakles.

Jeongye Daewongun

Jeongye Daewongun (; March 21, 1785 - November 2, 1841) was the father of 25th King Cheoljong of Joseon and great-grandson of 21th King Yeongjo of Joseon.

In 1785 he was born to Prince Eunjeon and Lady Lee of Jeonsan in Ganghwa-do. He was a illegitimate son. his mother Lady Lee of Jeonsan was a concubine was Prince Eunjeon. He was a poor farmer. In November 2, 1841 he died in Hanseong, to unknown causes.

Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty

Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty (also known as the Pratihara Empire) was a powerful dynasty in the Late Classical Period on the Indian subcontinent. This dynasty ruled most of the Northern states of India. This dynasty ruled India for a huge period from the 7th century to the 11th century. They had Ujjain as the capital and later shifted to Kannauj.
Nagabhata I (730–756) was the first ruler of the dynasty. He extended his control east and south from Mandor. He conquered Malwa as far as Gwalior and the port of Bharuch in Gujarat.He established his capital at Avanti in Malwa. Nagabhata I was famously known for defeating the Arab army of the Ummayyad Caliphates under Junaid and Tamin. Kakushta and Devaraja are two weak rulers who succeeded Nagabhata I. Vatsaraja (775–805) was the next powerful ruler of the dynasty.
Kannauj kingdom was ruled by a weak ruler, after the death of Harshavardhana. The Pratiharas, The Palas and The Rashtrakutas fought to get control over Kannauj. But Vatsaraja of Pratihara defeated the Palas and the Rashtrakutas. Around 786, Rashtrakuta ruler Dhruva (780–793) crossed the Narmada River into Malwa. From there he tried to capture Kannauj and defeated Vatsaraja. 

Vatsaraja was succeeded by Nagabhata II (805–833). Nagabhata II was initially defeated by the Rashtrakuta ruler Govinda III (793–814). But later recovered Malwa from the Rashtrakutas. He conquered Kannauj and the Indo-Gangetic Plain as far as Bihar from the Palas. He rebuilt the great Shiva temple at Somnath in Gujarat. Kannauj became the center of the Gurjara-Pratihara state. At this time, the Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty covered much of northern India.

Rambhadra (833-c. 836) for a short time, succeeded Nagabhata II. Mihira Bhoja (c. 836–886) expanded the Pratihara dynasty west to the border of Sindh, east to Bengal, and south to the Narmada. His son, Mahendrapala I (890–910), expanded further eastwards in Magadha, Bengal, and Assam.

Bhoja II (910–912) was the successor of Mahendrapala I . He was overthrown by Mahipala I (912–944). Many kingdoms emerged independent using the weakness of Pratiharas. The south Indian Emperor Indra III (c. 914–928) of the Rashtrakuta dynasty for a short time captured Kannauj in 916. Later again Pratihara ruler gained control over Kannauj. But the dynasty was still weakening due to the attacks of the Turks, Rashtrakutas and several other dynasties. Mahmud of Ghazni captured Kannauj in 1018, and the Pratihara ruler Rajapala fled (escaped). Somehow Rajapala was captured and killed by a Chandela Ruler named Vidhyadhara.The Chandela ruler then placed Rajapala's son Trilochanpala on the throne. Jasapala, the last Gurjara-Pratihara ruler died in 1036.

Fortnite

Fortnite is a third person shooter survival game where the player has to survive against up to 99 other players. The total player count for each battle royale is 100. The player can build forts through collecting materials such as metal, bricks,wood, and collect weapons before fighting other players. The main game also has a mode called "", which is also available as a separate game. While Battle Royale is free, Save The World is a paid game. The game can be played on Nintendo Switch, Windows, PS4, PS5, Xbox, and Android. 

100 players compete to win. Sometimes there are computer-controlled enemies. Players compete with each other to fight to the death. Players start with 100 health and 0 shield. In the game's "Zero Build" mode, players can have an Overshield which provides 50 more shield and regenerates when the player is not taking damage. in addition to their health and shield, players can find shield items to consume for a max of 200 hit points (or 100 health/100 shields). Players lose health and shields if they get shot by weapons, if they fall from too high, or take slow damage in the storm. The storm approaches over the course of a game. If the player loses all their health, they will lose. In "Fortnite", there are different kinds of weaponry, including guns, boogie bombs and special items. Weapons can be obtained throughout the game by grabbing them in the open, opening chests and supply drops, looting them off enemies and eliminated players and fishing from the water. The winner of the match is the one who is the last man standing.

At the beginning of the game, players can get to different locations by skydiving from a flying school bus titled the Battle Bus. The battle bus goes in a straight line over the map, but the path is not always the same.

Creative mode allows the building of anything players can think of. Players can copy and paste different objects from the Battle Royale mode, and are able to visit the map as well. They can rotate and enlarge them to any way they want, and explore the community built maps from other people.

"Fortnite: Save the World" is the original version of the game, first released on July 27, 2017.

Players must cooperate with others to kill Husks and complete various missions. One to four players cooperate towards a single goal that they both need to achieve in order to survive, and to win the mission. There are 4 main named locations that are unlocked by progressing through the campaign. The first is Stonewood, the weakest of the 4 areas. Next is the mid-level Plankerton, followed by the high Level Canny Valley, ending with the last location, and the hardest, Twine Peaks. There are many other locations as well, added with events. One such is Scurvy Shoals, a tropical themed area.

Competitive Fortnite is played in Ranked and tournaments. There are different kinds of tournaments. There are tournaments that everyone can play (free tournaments). They usually do not have any cash rewards. The cups everyone gets to compete in are usually skin cups, where top 100 in each region gets a skin before its released to the item shop. For example, Thanos had a skin cup.

Then there are Ranked cups. In Ranked cups, players need to be in a specific rank in a game mode called "Ranked Battle Royale". In order to get in a higher league, they need to earn rank. You get percentage for getting kills, placements and wins. There are 8 different divisions listed below. 


In Ranked cups, players get cosmetics, once reached certain amount of points. These are tournaments for cosmetics in the game. There are also top tier tournaments, like FNCS, which you can join if you are Elite rank or above, people can still play skin cups, and other special cups. To play cash cups, you must be minimum of gold rank or higher.

"Fortnite Battle Royale" has cosmetics. Cosmetics are items/skins that do not give the player any advantages in the game like pickaxes, dances, emotes, skins, wraps and sprays. Cosmetic items can be bought by the use of V-Bucks, the in-game currency. They can also be earned by completing challenges for the "Battle Pass", which is done by playing the game. 


Tydeus

In Greek mythology, Tydeus (, "Tūdeus") was a hero of the generation prior to the Trojan War. He was the king of Argos. He was one of the Seven Against Thebes. He was the father of Diomedes.

4G

4G is a mobile communications standard, intended to replace 3G, allowing wireless internet access at a much higher speed. It was introduced in the 2000s and an even faster version called LTE (Long Term Evolution) became commonplace in the late 2010s. A new standard called 5G was introduced in 2020.

Oeneus

In Greek mythology, Oeneus (Ancient Greek: Οἰνεύς, "Oineús") was a king of Calydon in Aetolia. He introduced the art of winemaking to the region. He learned it from the god Dionysus. 

Oeneus was the son of Porthaon and Euryte. He was the husband of Althaea. Their children were Deianeira (the third wife of Herakles), Meleager, Toxeus, Clymenus, Periphas, Agelaus, Thyreus (or Phereus) Gorge, Eurymede, Mothone, Perimede and Melanippe. Oeneus was also the father of Tydeus by Periboea.

Nagabhata I

Nagabhata I (730-760 CE) was a Rajput king. He founded the Pratihara dynasty. He ruled the Avanti (or Malava) region in present-day Madhya Pradesh. He ruled gujarat which was earlier known as Gurjara Pradesh that's why he was called rajput prathihar king and their empire , which includes parts of present-day Gujarat and Rajasthan. Nagabhata was famously known for defeating the Arab army. But was defeated by the Rashtrakuta king Dantidurga.

Nagabhata has been named as the founder of the powerful Pratihara dynasty in the Gwalior inscription. This inscription dates to the time of his descendant Mihira Bhoja. Nagabhata is said to have come to throne around 730 CE.

According to the Gwalior inscription of his descendant Mihira Bhoja, Nagabhata fought against a Mlechchha invasion. These mlechchhas are identified to be Arab Muslim invaders. The invasion was led by officers of Junaid. Junaid was a general and governor of Sindh under the Umayyad caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik. Nagabhata succeeded in defeating the Arab army.

Nagabhata I appears to have been defeated by the Rashtrakuta ruler Dantidurga. According to the Rashtrakuta records, the ruler of Malava was among the kings defeated by Dantidurga.

Kakustha (Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty)

Kakustha (8th century CE) was a rajput king from the Pratihara dynasty. According to the Gwalior inscription of Mihira Bhoja, Kakustha was the elder son of an unnamed brother of Nagabhata I. Devaraja was the younger brother and successor of Kakustha. It is found that Kakustha and his successor Devaraja ruled between c. 760 CE and 780 CE.

The Gwalior inscription states that Kakustha added to the family's fame. It further mentions that he was known as Kakkuka. The word means "one who always laughs".

Cadmus

Cadmus (, "Kadmos") is a hero in Greek mythology. He was the founder and first king of Thebes. Cadmus was the first Greek hero whom, alongside Perseus and Bellerophon, killed monsters before the days of Herakles. He was a Phoenician prince. His parents were Agenor and Telephassa, the king and queen of Tyre. The acropolis of Thebes was originally named Cadmeia in his honor.

Marysville, Ohio

Marysville is a city in and the county seat of Union County, Ohio, United States. The population was 25,571 at the 2020 census. This marks a 15.7% increase from 2010.

Marysville's longtime slogan is "Where the Grass is Greener".

In December 2008, Marysville was designated as a "Preserve America Community" by the First Lady Laura Bush.

Union County, Ohio

Union County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 62,784 people lived there. The county seat is Marysville.

Al-Tirmidhi

Al-Tirmidhi, born in 209 AH (824) in Termez, was a Persian Islamic scholar and collector of hadith. He wrote Jami at-Tirmizi, one of the six major hadith compilations (Kutub al-Sittah) in Sunni Islam. At-Tirmizi began the study of hadith at the age of 20. From the year 235 AH (849/850) he traveled widely in Khurasan, Iraq, and the Hijaz in order to collect hadith.

Bimetal

Bimetal means two different metals joined together. Instead of being a mix of two or more metals, like alloys, bimetallic objects are made of layers of different metals.

Bimetallic strips move when they are heated up. They are the most common bimetallic objects. They are often used in electric kettles as a temperature switch.


Ismenian Dragon

In Greek mythology, the Ismenian Dragon was a giant serpent that guarded the sacred spring of Ares near Thebes. When the hero Cadmus arrived at the site seeking to create a new city, he killed the creature with a giant stone.

Ho Kan

Ho Kan (July 23, 1932) is a painter from China. He is the founder of the avant-garde art movement Ton Fan Group. He paints in the abstract style. Ho Kan was born in Nanjing, China, and grew up in Taiwan. In 1951, he studied modern art with Li Chun-shan. In 1957, Ho Kan and seven other artists formed the Ton Fan Group.

His works focus on the void, which is neither the first protagonist, a surface of uniform color, stretched like silk, which communicates a feeling of silence, and on this surface some signs come to light.

At a Sotheby's Hong Kong auction in 2021, Ho-Kan's "Abstract Composition 抽象構圖" (1967), a oil on canvas, was sold for Euro 149,974 plus auction fees.


Rolf Leeser

Rolf Leeser (4 June 1929 – 21 March 2018) was a German-born Dutch footballer and fashion designer. He played for Ajax from 1948 to 1954. He was born in Essen and of Jewish descent.

Leeser became a regular during the 1951–52 season, and continued to play until April 1954, scoring six goals in 34 total appearances for the club over the course of his career.

He founded Leeser B.V., a women's fashion chain.

Leeser died on 21 March 2018 at the age of 88.

Mahipala I

Mahipala I (913–944) was the 9th king of the Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty. He became the king of the dynasty after his step brother Bhoja II. Mahipala I had several other names: "Ksitipala", "Vinayakapala", "Herambapala" and "Uttarapatha Swami".

Rashtrakuta emperor Indra III captured Kannauj during Mahipala I's reign. But Mahipala I soon brought Kannauj under control. His court poet Rajasekhara calls him "Maharajadhiraja of Aryavarta". According to "Kavyamimansa" of Rajasekhara, Mahipala controlled land from the Beas River in the northwest to Kalinga (present Orissa) in the southeast, and from the Himalayas to the Chera country in the south. During the end of Mahipala I's reign, the kingdom was attacked by the Rashtrakutas.

René Houseman

René Orlando Houseman (19 July 1953 – 22 March 2018), nicknamed "Loco", was an Argentine footballer. He played as a right winger.

During his international career Houseman also played for the Argentina national team and participated at the 1974 FIFA World Cup, where he scored three goals.

Houseman died of tongue cancer in Buenos Aires on 22 March 2018 at the age of 64.

Jan Kantůrek

Jan Kantůrek (4 May 1948 – 21 March 2018) was a Czech translator of fantasy, science fiction, comics and westerns from English. He was born in Zlín. His most known translations are Discworld by Terry Pratchett and books about Conan the Barbarian by Robert E. Howard and his successors.

He was awarded "Best Translator" by the Czech "Academy of science fiction, fantasy and horrors" in 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1999. Discworld was awarded "Best Book Series" in the same years. In 2003 he received an award for his lifetime work in science fiction by the Academy.

Kantůrek died of thrombosis complicated by diabetes in Prague on 21 March 2018 at the age of 69.

Dariush Shayegan

Dariush Shayegan (;‎ 2 February 1935 – 22 March 2018) was an Iranian philosopher and cultural theorist. He wrote a novel "Land of Mirage" in French which won the ADELF award presented by the Association of French Authors on December 26, 2004. 

Shayegan, who studied with Henry Corbin in Paris, also has many pioneering works on Persian mysticism and mystic poetry. He was a founding director of the Iranian Center for the Studies of Civilizations.

In 2009 Shayegan was awarded the inaugural Global Dialogue Prize.

Shayegan died on 22 March 2018, at the age of 83 in Tehran of a stroke.


Gopala (Pala king)

Gopala I was the founder of the Pala Empire of Bengal , Indian subcontinent. He came to power around 750 CE in Gaur after being elected by a group of regional chieftains (leaders). Pala means "protector". The word Pala comes in every Pala ruler's name.
The name of Gopala's father is Vapyata. His grandfather is Dayitavishnu. The Khalimpur copper plate of Gopala's son Dharmapala refers Vapyata as "killer of enemies". It also describes Dayitavishnu as Sarva-vidyavadata ("all-knowing" in the meaning of "highly educated").
According to Manjusrimulakalpa, Gopala died at the age of 80, after a reign of 27 years.Not much is known about his life or military career. But at the time of his death, he left a large empire to his son Dharmapala.

Govindapala

Govindapala is believed to be the successor of Madanapala. He is also considered to be the last ruler of the Pala Empire.

Eastern Chalukyas

Eastern Chalukyas, also known as the Chalukyas of Vengi, was a dynasty that ruled parts of South India. It ruled for a period from the 7th century to the 12th centuries. They started out be as governors of the Chalukyas of Badami in the Deccan region. Later they became powerful. They ruled the Vengi region of present-day Andhra Pradesh until c. 1130 CE. After 1130 CE they continued their rule under the overlordship(feudatory) of the Chola.Originally, the capital of the Eastern Chalukyas was located at the Vengi city. Later the capital was shifted to Rajahmundry.
Throughout their history the Eastern Chalukyas were the cause of many wars between the more powerful Cholas and Western Chalukyas. Eastern Chalukyan rule of Vengi saw the growth of Telugu culture, literature, poetry and art throughout the region.
The Chalukyas of Vengi emerged from (came from) the Chalukyas of Badami.The Badami ruler Pulakeshin II (608–644 C.E) conquered the Vengi region in eastern Deccan by defeating the Vishnukundina dynasty. He appointed his brother Kubja Vishnuvardhana as the governor of the new territory in 624 CE. Kubja Vishnuvardhana founded the Eastern Chalukya dynasty after the death of Pulikeshin II in the Battle of Vatapi.
Between 641 CE and 705 CE some kings, except Jayasimha I and Mangi Yuvaraja, ruled for very short durations. Then periods with weak rulers followed. At this time, the Rashtrakutas removed the Western Chalukyas of Badami. The weak rulers of Vengi had to face the Rashtrakutas. There was no Eastern Chalukya ruler who could fight against them. During the period of Gunaga Vijayaditya III, the Rashtrakuta emperor Amoghavarsha treated him as his ally (supporter). After Amoghavarsha's death, Vijayaditya made the state independent.

Kubja Vishnuvardhana

Kubja Vishnuvardhana was the brother of Chalukya king Pulikeshin II. Vishnuvardhana ruled the Vengi territories in the eastern Andhra Pradesh as the viceroy under Pulakeshin II. Later he declared it as an independent country. Thus started the Eastern Chalukya dynasty (c. 624).The Eastern Chalukyas ruled the Vengi kingdom for nearly five centuries.

Vishnuvardhana ruled over a kingdom extending from Nellore to Visakhapatnam. He got the title of Vishamasiddhi (conqueror of difficulties). Vishnuvardhana participated in the wars between his brother Pulikesin II and the Pallava Narasimhavarma I. He possibly lost his life in thebattle in 641.His son Jayasimha I succeeded him as the king.

Jayasimha I (Eastern Chalukyas)

Jayasimha I (641–673 CE) succeeded Kubja Vishnuvardhana as the king of Eastern Chalukyas. He had a long reign of 32 years.His younger brother Indra Bhattaraka succeeded him to the throne.

Charlotte Harland Scott

Charlotte Harland Scott (born 13 November 1963 in Blackheath, London) is a British-born Zambian economic and social development specialist. She was the First Lady of Zambia from October 2014 to January 2015. Her husband, Guy Scott, was acting President following the death of Michael Sata.

Charlotte Scott has worked in the fields of economic development policy, social development policy and NGOs for more than twenty years. Sata died in office on 28 October 2014. Vice-President Guy Scott succeeded Sata as the acting President of Zambia until a by-election could be held 90 days after Sata's death. The events made Charlotte Scott the First Lady of Zambia during this time. The couple became the country's first white President and First Lady. The Scotts did not move into Government House, the residence of the country's president. Guy Scott was barred by law from running for the remainder of Sata's unexpired presidential term because the Constitution of Zambia banned presidential candidates whose parents were not born in Zambia. His parents had immigrated to present-day Zambia from England and Scotland in the United Kingdom. Charlotte Scott was succeeded by Esther Lungu on 26 January 2015.

In 2016, Guy Scott decided would not seek re-election to his Lusaka Central seat in Parliament in the August general election. Charlotte Scott applied to run for her husband's seat and was endorsed by the United Party for National Development (UPND) as the party's official nominee. Scott and her main opponent, the PF's Margaret Mwanakatwe, were considered the front-runners for Lusaka Central during the election out of the five candidates for the seat. However, she was unsuccessful as Margaret Mwanakatwe won the vacant seat.

Karlmann King

The Karlmann King is a low-production SUV that is manufactured in Italy and the United States. 
The price starts at $1.85 million, for the standard version. It is the most expensive SUV in the world. It features a 6.8-liter V10 engine which produced 398 horsepower. However, because the Karlmann King weighs an abnormally-heavy 10,580 pounds (Without armor), its top speed is a mere 87 mph. The car features optional bullet proofing. Only 9 units will be built in Italy, however a larger, unknown number will be built in the United States in a modified and more standardized version. Other features include independent air conditioning for the front and rear, a coffee machine, neon sky lighting, a flat-screen TV, electric tables, air purification, a bar, a laptop and a fridge. All of the electric features can be controlled via an in and out-car app or a built-in control panel. Entertainment options include a Hi-Fi sound system, a PlayStation 4, phone projection, satellite TV and Wi-Fi.

Yi Dang

Yi Dang (February 1, 1783 - May 8, 1826) was a royal family member of the Joseon dynasty in Korea. 

He is the son of Prince Eunjeon, an illegitimate son of Crown Prince Sado. His cause of death is not known.

Mahendravarman I

Mahendravarman I (600–630 CE)was a Pallava king who ruled the Northern regions of present-day Tamil Nadu in India. He was the son of Simhavishnu, who defeated the Kalabhras and re-established the Pallava kingdom. Tamil literature flourished (developed) under Mahendravarman's rule. The popular Tevaram written by Appar and Sambandhar were done in this reign. Mahendravarman himself was the author of the play Mattavilasa Prahasana and another play called Bhagavadajjuka. Mahendravarman I was succeeded to the throne by his son Narasimhavarman I in 630 CE.
During Mahendravarman's reign, the Chalukya king Pulakeshin II attacked the Pallava kingdom. The Pallavas fought a series of wars (many wars) in the northern Vengi region. Mahendravarma saved his capital. But he lost the northern provinces to Pulakeshin II.
The rock cut temples of Mahabalipuram, Kokarneswarar Temple of Pudukottai are some examples of architecture built in Mahendravarman's reign. Apart from Siva temples, Mahendravarman also excavated a few Vishnu cave temples.

Aparajitavarman

Aparajitavarman (fl. c. 880-897 CE) was a king of the Pallava dynasty. He was the last king of the Pallava dynasty. He was killed in 897 CE in a battle against Aditya I. In 880 CE Aparajita had defeated and killed Varagunavarman II.

Khalil Al Qaheri

Khalil Al-Qaheri (; born December 21, 1986, Manama, Bahrain) is a Bahraini Entrepreneur, entrepreneurship speaker and author, who is known for his Seminars and Entrepreneurship publications on the principles of Bahrain′s mass medias. He is the current Chief executive officer (CEO) of Trexsol company and co-founder and manager of Stradico, which is a Consultancy firm in Bahrain. he also established frist business clinic in Bahrain which provide training courses and workshops for businesspeople. Al-Qaheri wrote his book debut in field of entrepreneurship which its name is "الطريق إل ريادة الاعمال" ("The Way to Entrepreneurship") on 2017.

Booba

Elie Yaffa (born December 9, 1976), better known under his stage name Booba () is a French rapper. After a brief stint as a break dancer in the early 1990s, Booba partnered with his friend Ali to form Lunatic. The duo released a critically acclaimed album in 2000 and disbanded in 2003. Booba has since embarked on a successful solo career, selling more than 10 million discs over his career and becoming the most legally downloaded artist in French history. Booba is praised for the quality of his flow and beats but often criticized because of controversial nature of his lyrics. He has also established the rap label Tallac Records, and developed a line of jewellery.

Elie Yaffa was born on December 9, 1976, in the outskirts of Paris in Sèvres. His father is Senegalese and his mother is French.

With his friend Ali they formed the duo Lunatic in 1994. Unable to secure a record deal from a major label because of their controversial lyrics, they created their own independent record label 45 Scientific in 1999. The following year, Lunatic released its first and only album entitled "Mauvais œil".

In 2002, Booba released his debut solo album "Temps mort". He followed this up with four further albums: "Pantheon", "Ouest Side" (the most successful), "0.9" and "Lunatic". In late 2012, he released his sixth solo album "Futur". In whole, Booba has ten certification discs, six Disques d'Or (Golden album), three Disques de platine (Platinum album) and one Double disque de platine (Double-Platinum album). In 2011, Booba won the competition MyYoutubes, ahead of popular artists like Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga, Eminem, Jay-Z, Sexion D'Assaut, Shakira, Stromae...

Booba was influenced by the American hip-hop stage of the 1980s and at the beginning of the 1990s--Mobb Deep, Wu-Tang Clan, 2Pac, and Biggie Smalls. The dark melodies accompanied with raw texts, typical of the rap from New York, are present on every album of his. He is often criticized for making the apology of easy money and murder. Booba advocates a reduction in the taxes and claims himself in support of individual freedom. Racism is a recurring topic of his songs (see for example "Couleur ébène", "Pitbull", "Ma Couleur"), although he sometimes deliberately advocates communitarian positions.

Krishna Tulasi

Krishna Tulasi is a 2018 Indian Kannada language movie written and directed by Sukesh Nayak, produced by M Narayana Swamy under the banner of Annapoorneshwari Cine Creations.
The movie stars National Award winning actor Sanchari Vijay and Meghashree in the lead roles.

Kannada cinema is seeing the emergence of a bunch of new filmmakers, who creativity bring to life simple, heart warming tales that connect with the audience. Krishna Tulasi is one such film. Debutant director Sukhesh Nayak should be commended for his style of storytelling that brings to life a modest love story with equal measures of joy and pain

Krishna is a blind young man who works as a guide amidst the beautiful monuments of Madikeri. He gets a new job as an archaeological museum incharge at Manasa Gangothri, Mysore. During the bus ride Krishna meets Tulasi and they find themselves drawn to each other. As love blossoms fate and circumstances intervene, throwing a curveball at them. What happens to Krishna and Tulasi?

Jurassic World Alive

Jurassic World Alive is a location-based game based around the 2015 movie "Jurassic World". "Jurassic World Alive" is similar to "Pokémon Go". It was released in Canada and Australia on March 14, 2018. the game is being developed by , which will co-publish the game with Universal, with a scheduled release in spring (Q1/Q2) 2018 for iOS and Android. The game is expected to include more than 100 dinosaurs upon its release, and more are expected to be added in regular updates.

On March 6, 2018, Universal announced an upcoming "Pokémon Go"-style game known as "Jurassic World Alive". The game will allow the player to build up a collection of dinosaurs that can be used in battles against other players. The game will also allow players to create their own dinosaurs using hybrid DNA.

Aalim

Aalim (; plural: Ulama) in its original meaning is known as a scholar. More specifically, in Sunni Islam, an aalim is regarded as the one who protects and explains religious knowledge of Islam. Ulama are educated in religious schools called madrasas. By tradition, a student who had completed his studies was accepted by his teacher. The student was given the permission for teaching and for giving lawful opinions, called fatwa. Through time, this practice established a chain of teachers and pupils.
The branches of learning include, Theology, Mysticism, Law, Philosophy and Ethics.

Iphicles

In Greek mythology, Iphicles (, "Iphikles") was the half brother of Herakles. His parents were Alkmene and her husband Amphitryon. His wife was Automedusa. Their son Iolaus was Herakles' charioteer.

Jaakko Pakkasvirta

Jaakko Juhani Pakkasvirta (28 November 1934 – 23 March 2018) was a Finnish movie director and screenwriter. He directed more than 30 movies between 1958 and 2000. His 1975 movie "Home for Christmas" was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival. His 1978 movie "Poet and Muse" was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival. He was born in Simpele, Finland.

Pakkasvirta died on 23 March 2018 in Vantaa, Finland at the age of 83.

Wayne Huizenga

Harry Wayne Huizenga (, born December 29, 1937 – March 22, 2018) was an American businessman and entrepreneur. He was the owner of Blockbuster Video, AutoNation, Waste Management, Inc., the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League, the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League, and the Florida Marlins of Major League Baseball.

Huizenga was born in Evergreen Park, Illinois, a suburb near Chicago. In 2008, Huizenga sold 50 percent of the team and 50 percent of the stadium to Stephen M. Ross, Chairman of Related Companies.

Huizenga died of cancer at his home in Fort Lauderdale, Florida on the night of March 22, 2018.

Jukka Mikkola

Jukka Mikkola (3 July 1943 – 23 March 2018) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was a lawyer and has the title Master of Laws. He continued as the second deputy speaker of the parliament for the remaining term 1999-2003.

Mikkola died after a long illness on 23 March 2018, aged 74.

Larry Pine

Larry Pine (born March 3, 1945) is an American actor.

In television he starred in "As the World Turns", "One Life to Live", "All My Children", "Hostages", and "House of Cards", and roles in movies include "Alone in the Dark", "Plain Clothes", "Vanya on 42nd Street", "Dead Man Walking", "Before and After", "The Royal Tenenbaums", "Maid in Manhattan", "Melinda and Melinda", "Killing Kasztner", "Moonrise Kingdom", "", and "The Grand Budapest Hotel".

Phil Gordon (politician)

Phil Gordon (born April 18, 1951) is an American politician. He served as the 51st mayor of Phoenix, Arizona from 2004 to 2012. Gordon is a member of the Democratic Party.

The former city councilman was elected mayor in the non-partisan mayoral race on September 9, 2003, garnering 72 percent of the vote, and re-elected on September 11, 2007, with 77 percent of the vote.

Devabhuti

Devabhuti (reign. 83 - 73 BCE) was the last king of the Shunga Empire in ancient India. He was assassinated by his minister Vasudeva Kanva. Following his death, the Shunga dynasty was then replaced by the Kanvas.

Beer-Lambert law

The Beer–Lambert law, also known as Beer's law, the Lambert–Beer law, or the Beer–Lambert–Bouguer law is a scientific law. It deals with the absorption of light moving through a material. The law is commonly used with chemical analysis measurements. It is used in understanding attenuation in physical optics, for photons, or neutrons. In mathematical physics, this law is a solution of the BGK equation.

Laelaps (mite)

Laelaps is a common parasitic mites in the family Laelapidae. Species, with their hosts, include:


Laelaps

Laelaps can mean:

Windows Server 2019

Windows Server 2019 is a Windows Server version based on Windows 10 that was released on October 2, 2018. It was preceded by Windows Server 2016 and successor by Windows Server 2022 on August 18, 2021. It is the only version of Server that can run Office 2019. Microsoft will end the mainstream support for Windows Server 2019 on January 9, 2024 and will end the extended support on January 9, 2029.

Tyka Nelson

Tyka Evene Nelson (born May 18, 1960) is an American singer. She is the daughter of jazz musician John L. Nelson (1916–2001) and Mattie Della Shaw (1933–2002). She is the younger sister of Prince (1958–2016).

Nelson has released four albums. She reached No. 33 on the "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart in July 1988 with "Marc Anthony's Tune". It was produced by Larry Graham. Nelson is married to Maurice Phillips. She has six children.

She accepted Prince's American Music Award for Top Soundtrack after his death in 2016.

Tyka Evene Nelson was born on May 18, 1960 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She is the daughter of Mattie Della Nelson ("née" Shaw; 1933–2002) and John Lewis Nelson (1916–2001). Her parents were both African-American. Her family ancestry is centered in Louisiana. All four of her grandparents arefrom that state. Her father was a jazz pianist and songwriter. Her mother was a jazz singer. Her brothe was Prince Rogers. Both children had an interest in music. This was encouraged by their father. According to a 2008 interview with "City Pages", she began writing songs when she was 10 and “hasn’t collaborated” with her brother since they were young.

Tyka studied and graduated at of Minneapolis’ North High

in 1978, After graduating from North High of Minneapolis, Tyka went to California to begin her musical career. She released her first studio album "Royal Blue" in 1988. She signed with the record lable Cooltempo. Her song “Marc Anthony's Tune” reached No. 33 on the "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart in July. 


ReBecca Hunt-Foster

ReBecca Hunt-Foster is an American paleontologist. She named the dinosaur species "Arkansaurus" and "Zunityrannus". She also found many baby "Torosaurus" fossils. ReBecca lives in Utah as of 2018.


Irámuco

Irámuco is a community located 17 kilometres southwest of the city of Acámbaro in the state of Guanajuato, Mexico. 

The original name of Irámuco is Imurac, from the Purépecha language, meaning: Hill that goes in to the lake. The ruler of this village was "guatimurac" (prince of the hill that goes in to the lake).

Victoria Woodhull

Victoria Claflin Woodhull, later Victoria Woodhull Martin (September 23, 1838 – June 9, 1927) was an American leader of the women's suffrage movement. She was the first woman candidate for President of the United States,

In 1872, Woodhull ran for President of the United States. While many historians and authors agree that Woodhull was the first woman to run for President of the United States, some have questioned that priority given issues with the legality of her run. They disagree with classifying it as a true candidacy because she was younger than the constitutionally mandated age of 35. However, election coverage by contemporary newspapers does not suggest age was a significant issue. The presidential inauguration was in March 1873. Woodhull's 35th birthday was in September 1873.

Woodhull twice went from rags to riches. Woodhull was married three times. During her third marraige, she changed her name to Victoria Woodhull Martin.
Victoria Woodhull died on June 9, 1927 aged 88 years old.

In March 2017, Amazon Studios announced production of a movie based on her life, produced by and starring Brie Larson as Victoria Woodhull.

Rouffach

Rouffach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Its vineyards produce one of the finest Alsatian wines: the "Grand Cru" Vorbourg.

Riverside, Ohio

Riverside is a city in Ohio in the United States.

DuShon Monique Brown

DuShon Monique Brown (November 30, 1968 – March 23, 2018) was an American actress. She was known for her roles as Nurse Katie Welch on the Fox series "Prison Break" and Connie in NBC series "Chicago Fire".

Brown died at a hospital in Olympia Fields, Illinois on March 23, 2018 after suffering chest pains at the age of 49 on March 23, 2018.

Onomastics

Onomastics is the study of names. This can include personal names, place names, and the history of names. People study names to better understand the past, the social meaning of names, or how places are named.

Philip Kerr

Philip Ballantyne Kerr (22 February 1956 – 23 March 2018) was a British novelist. He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland. Kerr wrote for "The Sunday Times", the "Evening Standard", and the "New Statesman". He was married to fellow novelist Jane Thynne. 

Kerr was known for the Bernie Gunther series of historical thrillers set in Germany and elsewhere during the 1930s, the Second World War and the Cold War. He also wrote children's books under the name P. B. Kerr, including the "Children of the Lamp" series.

Kerr died on 23 March 2018 in London at the age of 62.


Alberto Ongaro

Alberto Ongaro (22 August 1925 – 23 March 2018), also known by his pseudonym Alfredo Nogara, was an Italian journalist, writer and comics writer. He was born in Venice, Italy. He also worked for "Il Corriere dei Piccoli". As a journalist, he has been a foreign correspondent of "L'Europeo", and he also wrote historical and adventure books, including "La taverna del doge Loredan" (1980), "La partita" (1986) and the latest "Il ponte della solita ora" (2006).

Ongaro died on 23 March 2018 in Venica of pneumonia at the age of 92.


Rim Banna

Rim Banna (; 8 December 1966 – 24 March 2018), was a Palestinian singer, composer, arranger and activist. She was most known for her traditional Palestinian songs and poetry. Banna was born in Nazareth. She was known for her 2005 album "The Mirrors of My Soul".

Banna died in Nazareth on 24 March 2018 from breast cancer at the age of 51.

Debbie Lee Carrington

Deborah "Debbie" Lee Carrington (December 14, 1959 – March 24, 2018) was an American actress and stuntwoman. She was born in San Jose, California. She suffered from dwarfism. She was known as being a stunt-double for Chucky.

Carrington appeared in many movies and TV shows, including "In Living Color", "The Drew Carey Show", "Return of the Jedi", "Howard the Duck", "Total Recall", "Men in Black", "Seinfeld", "Baywatch", "Married... with Children" (1990), "Boston Legal", "The Garbage Pail Kids Movie", "Dexter" and "Bones".

Carrington died on March 24, 2018 in Pleasanton, California at the age of 58.

José Antonio Abreu

José Antonio Abreu Anselmi (May 7, 1939 – March 24, 2018) was a Venezuelan orchestra conductor, pianist, economist, educator, activist, and politician. He was best known for his association with El Sistema. He was Catholic. He was honored with the 2009 Latin Grammy Trustees Award, an honor given to personalities that have contributed to music by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences.

Abreu died of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Caracas on March 24, 2018 at the age of 78.


John Searle

John Rogers Searle (; born 31 July 1932) is an American philosopher. He is the Willis S. and Marion Slusser Professor Emeritus of the Philosophy of Mind and Language and Professor of the Graduate School at the University of California, Berkeley. He is known for his contributions to the philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, and social philosophy, he began teaching at UC Berkeley in 1959.

Olympia Fields, Illinois

Olympia Fields is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,718 at the 2020 census. The municipality grew up around the prestigious Olympia Fields Country Club, originally established in 1915.

Olympia Fields is one of the richest and best educated, majority African-American, communities in the United States.

Nipin Niravath

Nipin Jose Niravath is an Indian mentalist and entertainer based in Kerala, India. Nipin is best known for demonstrations of extrasensory perception and mentalism.

In 2003, Nipin joined the USAID's social awareness programme and started his career as a street magician. Nipin appeared on several TV series including "Onnum Onnum Moonu", "Comedy Supernite", "Ugram Ujjwalam", "Comedy Stars", which earned him popularity among the Malayali people.
According to Times of India, Nipin performed in one episode of "Comedy Stars", "where he made the entire audience including TV host and singer Rimi Tomy draw fish on the paper they were given, just by projecting his thoughts".

In 2018, it was announced Nipin will appear as a guest speaker for the CADD Arabia talk show "Connecting Dots".


Bernard Marcus

Bernard "Bernie" Marcus (born May 12, 1929) is an American businessman. He co-founded Home Depot and was the company's first CEO. He served as Chairman of the Board until retiring in 2002.

Robert Kraft

Robert Kenneth Kraft (born June 5, 1941) is an American businessman. He is the chairman and chief executive officer of the Kraft Group. His sports holdings include: the National Football League's New England Patriots, Major League Soccer's New England Revolution and the stadium in which both teams play, Gillette Stadium.

Kraft has also had his share of controversies throughout his ownership.

Young Harris, Georgia

Young Harris is a city in Towns County, Georgia, United States. The population was 1,098 at the 2020 census. Young Harris is home to Young Harris College, after which it was named.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 1,098 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 78.5% White, 9.7% Black, 1.2% Asian, 7.7% from some other race and 2.9% from two or more races. 7.2% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

Former Governor and United States Senator Zell Miller (1932–2018) was born and died there.

Las Anod

Las Anod is a city in northern Somalia. The city was part of the Dervish State until 1921, when it was incorporated into the former British Somali Coast Protectorate.

Byzantine Greeks

The Byzantine Greeks (or Byzantines) were the Greek people of Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. They lived in the lands of the Byzantine Empire, then called the Eastern Roman Empire, like Greece, Asia Minor and Cyprus. They spoke medieval Greek, preserved Greek culture, obeyed Roman law and followed Eastern Christianity. Their society had peasants, traders, teachers, soldiers and priests.

The Byzantines called themselves Romans ("Romaioi"), Greeks ("Graikoi", "Hellenes") and Christians ("Christianoi") throughout their history. They used those names synonymously because they were the political heirs of the Roman Empire, the offspring of the ancient Greeks, and believers in Jesus Christ. The Byzantines also called everything that was not Greek "barbarian" and called paganism "Hellenism".

Byzantine Greek society had different classes like the poor, the peasants, the soldiers, the teachers, the merchants, and the priests.

There were two groups of poor people in the Greek world since the time of Homer: the "ptochos" (, "passive poor") and the "penes" (, "active poor"). Byzantine Greek peasants lived in villages; drank wine; and ate grains, beans, fish, bread and olives. They were hunters, fishers, bee-keepers, craftsmen, smiths, tailors and shoemakers.

Soldiers were chosen for military duty every year and served as medics and technicians. Their appearance, customs, habits and life were part of Greek and Roman military tradition. Along with farmers, they ate a type of dried biscuit or hard bread, called a "paximadion" (originally called a "boukelaton").

Byzantine education was part of an ancient Greek educational tradition that started in the 5th century BC. It was made up of three levels: elementary school with students aged six to ten years old, secondary school with students aged ten to sixteen years old and higher education.

Literacy was much higher in the Byzantine Empire than in Western Europe. Elementary school education was widely available in places like towns and the countryside. Secondary schools were mostly in larger cities, and higher education was offered at the University of Constantinople.

In elementary schools, teachers used simple fairy-tale books like "Aesop's Fables". In secondary schools, teachers used ancient Greek texts like the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey" of Homer.

The life of a Byzantine Greek woman was split into three stages: girlhood, motherhood and widowhood. Daily life for women included doing household and farm chores. Poor women sometimes wore sleeveless tunics, and most wore a veil, called the "maphorion", which covered their hair. Wealthy women bought and wore silk fabrics and clothes with expensive jewelry. Some women worked as traders, clerics and teachers.

Byzantine Greek traders were mobile and developed new methods of investing money like the "chreokoinonia". Byzantine Greek priests were close to the rest of society and were allowed to get married except for bishops.



Fulani ecotype chickens

Fulani ecotype chickens is a type of domestic chicken reared by the Fulani people. They are good egg layers with high quality meat. These chickens are not easily attacked by diseases and tend to live longer. 

Fulani ecotype chickens are heavier and rich in meat quality. It carries a dominant feather gene. Research suggested that the chickens's adaptive feather genes will soon die out and need to be preserved.
Male Fulani ecotype chickens have a large comb and wattle size. They have varied plumage colours with a feather that is suitable for the tropical climate in Nigeria.

They are mainly reared for high quality meat and eggs

American Academy of Nursing

American Academy of Nursing (AAN) is a professional organization for sharing knowledge in the field of nursing. Members are selected based on outstanding contributions to nursing and health care system. There are approximately 2500 fellows of the academy. The academy is the publisher of "Nursing Outlook", a bimonthly journal.

International Council of Nurses

International Council of Nurses (ICN) is an international organization comprises of over 130 National nurses associations. The headquarter of ICN is in Geneva, Switzerland. It was founded in 1899.

Judith Oulton

Judith Oulton is a Canadian nurse and former chief executive officer of International Council of Nurses. She is a recipient of the Jeanne Mance Award.

Jeanne Mance Award

Jeanne Mance Award is a biannual award, awarded to nurses who has contributed greatly to health in Canada. It is Canada's most prestigious award for nurses.

Laomedon

In Greek mythology, Laomedon was a king of Troy. He was the son of Ilus. Laomedon was the father of King Priam, and Astyoche, Lampus, Hicetaon, Clytius, Cilla, Proclia, Aethilla, Medesicaste, Clytodora and Hesione. The king owned a team of divine horses. Zeus gave these horses to Tros (Laomedon's grandfather) as payment after Zeus kidnapped Tros' son, Ganymede.

Pataskala, Ohio

Pataskala is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Tipp City, Ohio

Tipp City is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Akwid

Akwid is a Mexican group that combines the hip hop style with the Mexican regional music. Akwid starts the group in 2000 was known like Juvenile Style. The rappers Francisco "AK" Gómez and Sergio "Wikid" Gómez, who form Akwid, are brothers. They were born in Jiquilpan, Michoacán, but now live in Los Angeles, California.

Sergio and Francisco Gómez were born in Jiquilpan, Michoacan, Mexico. They moved to the United States of America to the five and three years respectively. Educated in the streets of Los Angeles, discovered a musical talent and a big worry between the worlds of the "Hip Hop". The group was recognised and pressed effusively the fusion between the music and culture. Akwid gave life and identity to the people that represent the youth in the diverse communities around the world. Appointed pioneers of the gender, the Gómez brothers manage in the world of creation and expression through the music.

The first album, "Proyecto Akwid", won two Billboard Prizes and a Grammy to the Best Album of Alternative Latin/Rock.

The album Hoy, Ayer, and Forever remixes several songs of the album "2002 A.D." Using his more recent style, the incorporation of the Mexican regional music. The album "KOMP 104.9 Radio Compa" is recorded in the form of a broadcast of a station of radio that only happens music of Akwid. Both albums are of the year 2004. His album" Los Aguacates de Jiquilpan" (2005) is recorded as if it was a tale of fairies that explains his arrival of Mexico to the United States. At present they have signed with the stamp Machete Music, that belongs to Universal musical group.

Akwid's song, "Chivas Explosivas!" It is the official hymn of the Sportive Club Chivas USA of the Major League Soccer




2018 Kemerovo fire

The 2018 Kemerovo fire was a fire that killed 37 people. It was at the Winter Cherry complex, a mall in Kemerovo, Russia. The mall opened in 2013.

Sea ice

Sea ice is simply frozen ocean water. It forms, grows, and melts in the ocean. In contrast, icebergs, glaciers, ice sheets, and ice shelves all originate on land. Sea ice occurs in both the Arctic and Antarctic.

Because sea ice is made of frozen seawater, it is salty (unlike icebergs). Sea ice generally grows in the winter (when it is often dark all day and night) and melts in the summer (when there is twenty-four hour daylight). Sea ice normally covers more area near in the Antarctic than the Arctic. Because the ice is salty, sea ice is heavier, less transparent and easier to break than ice that isn't salty.

The 'mechanical properties' of sea ice refer to how easy it is to bend, break, squash and stretch the ice. This behaviour is dominated by the fact that sea ice is not entirely solid - instead it contains lots of tiny pockets of salt water. Older ice also often contains many air bubbles. This makes it much easier to squash, break and snap than a normal ice cube in a drink.

When two pieces of sea ice squash up against each other, they can crumple up and break to form a 'ridge' at the part where they touch. Before doing this they might bend. It is also relatively easy to pull apart a single piece of sea ice by pulling opposite edges in opposite directions.

Because sea ice has air bubbles and saltwater pockets inside it, it is much harder to see through than non-salty, clear ice. This is because light can't go through it without hitting the bubbles and pockets. Most sea ice in winter is covered by a layer of snow, which you also can't see through. All this means that when the sun shines on sea ice, not much of its light gets through to the sea below the ice. This limits the amount of algae and tiny plants that can grow in the sea. This is important because when the ice melts, much more light gets through and the algae and tiny plants can then thrive. This effect also keeps the sea below cooler.

Around four million people live in the Arctic, with many of them living near the sea. Many of these people have lived here for centuries, and have learned to use and depend on the sea ice to live. In particular, coastal residents of the Arctic travel over the sea ice and use it to hunt animals. This hunting is done both for food and to make clothes. Because some people spent a lot of their lives on the ice, it becomes very important to them and their communities.

May animals live on top of and under the sea ice. It makes life more difficult for some, but less difficult for others. Animals like seals and polar bears exist both on top of the sea ice, but also swim in the sea. Because microscopic plants and algae don't grow well under the sea ice because they need the sun, the animals that eat them (like fish) also spend less time under the ice.

Although it's not smooth like a mirror, sea ice is very shiny. Most of the sunlight that hits it bounces off and shines back into space. By not absorbing a lot of sunlight, the poles stay cold. Having cold regions near the top and bottom of the earth is important for global weather, because it affects the way cold and warm air moves around. When cold air moves down from the Arctic, it can cause very serious storms. When warm air moves up into the Arctic, it can cause the sea ice to melt and break up.

Sea ice also acts as a barrier between the sea and the air. In the rest of the world, water is often evaporating from the sea to the air. Eventually when the air fills up with water, it rains. Sea ice strongly reduces this transfer, so the air is very dry and it doesn't rain or snow very much.

Sea ice also reduces the amount of heat that flows from the sea to the air.

Sea ice is important for the mixing of the sea surface. When wind blows over the sea, it stirs the water and mixes it up. However when wind blows sea ice around, this mixing is much deeper, and the strength can change. This mixing is important because it affects the lives of microscopic animals that live at the sea surface, and it also affects how salty it is at the sea surface.

Human beings have been releasing a lot of greenhouse gases, which have been making the earth warmer. The Arctic in particular has been getting much warmer. One reason for this is because sea ice formation and melting is very sensitive to temperature changes. When the air is warmer, sea ice grows slower and melts faster.

These temperature rises mean that the sea ice begins growing later in the year, and begins melting earlier in the year. It also means that the area of sea ice is decreasing.

Going to the sea ice is difficult and sometimes dangerous. This makes it impossible to keep track of all the sea ice at once and see how its changing. To solve this, scientists often look at sea ice from space using satellites. There are many ways to do this. Some satellites use cameras that work similarly to common consumer ones. Others make pictures of the sea ice using microwave energy that can go through clouds. Some don't just look at the ice, but send down energy from laser and radar machines and then record how it bounces off the ice.

These satellites allow scientists to measure the area covered by sea ice relatively well. However they are still relatively unsure how thick the sea ice is, in part because it is unclear how much snow is resting on the ice at any one time. Measuring the amount of snow that exists on sea ice is difficult, European scientists are currently designing a new satellite called CRISTAL to help study it.

Gabriel von Hackl

Gabriel von Hackl (24 March 1843 – 5 June 1926) was a German-Austrian artist and art teacher. Most of his paintings were of historical subjects.

Hackl was born in Marburg an der Drau. At that time the town was part of Austria. Today it is part of Slovenia. His father was a surgeon. He learned anatomy from his father. He then studied art in Vienna. In 1865 he moved to Munich and studied at the Munich Academy of Fine Arts. He became a professor of drawing at the academy in 1880 and taught there until 1919. Hackl was a strict teacher. He wanted his students' drawings to be anatomically accurate. They learned by drawing plaster casts of ancient sculptures. His own drawings were very skillful and detailed.

Hackl died in Munich at the age of 83. His famous pupils included Anton Ažbe and Giorgio de Chirico.


Christine Kaseba

Christine Kaseba is a Zambian physician, surgeon and politician. She was the First Lady of Zambia from September 2011 until October 2014. She is the widow of former President Michael Sata, who died in office on October 28, 2014. She is also a long-time physician and surgeon, specializing in gynecology and obstetrics, at University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka.

Kaseba was the second wife of Michael Sata, the country's president from 2011 to 2014.
Christine Kaseba and Michael Sata had eight children together.

On November 18, 2014 Kaseba filed her nomination papers to contest the January 2015 presidential by-election under the Patriotic Front party shortly after her husband's death.
However, she and other seven PF candidates lost their party's nomination to Edgar Lungu at the party's November general conference.

In 2016, it was reported that Christine Kaseba might be chosen as the vice presidential running mate of UPND presidential nominee, Hakainde Hichilema, for the 2016 election.

Kaseba serves on the Global Task Force on Expanded Access to Cancer Care and Control in Developing Countries.

Thandiwe Banda

Thandiwe Banda is a Zambian political science teacher. She was the First Lady of Zambia from June 2008 until September 2011. Banda, who was in her 30s when she took over the position in 2008, was the youngest First Lady in Zambia's history. She is the current wife of former President Rupiah Banda. Thandiwe Banda is the second wife of Rupiah Banda after his first Hope Mwansa Makulu, died in 2000. They got married during the 2000s, despite an age gap of nearly forty years. He was around 70 years at the time of their wedding, while she was in her 30s. Thandiwe and Rupiah Banda are the parents of twins, Temwani and Dunia, whose conception came as a surprise to both, according to an interview she gave with BBC Africa.

Kemerovo

Kemerovo () is a city in Russia that has factories in it. When the Russian government counted all the people in 2010, 532,981 people lived in Kemerovo.

Córdoba Department

Córdoba Department () is a department of Colombia. It is located to the north of this country in the Colombian Caribbean Region. The capital is Montería. In 2013, 1,658,090 people lived there.

These municipalities are in the department:


ZEE5

ZEE5 is the digital entrainment destination, Launched by Zee Entailment Enterprise (ZEEL), a global media and entertainment powerhouse. Launched in India on 12 February 2018, with content across 12 languages like, Hindi, English,Tamil and Gujarati and many more.

Tego Calderón

Tegui Carlos Calderón Rosario (Santurce, Puerto Rico, February 1, 1972), better known by his stage name Tego Calderón, is a singer of "reguetón" and "hip hop" puerto rican He has received prizes for his work, included a Source Award of "The Source Magazine" by "International Artist of the Year". Also he has received nominations in several ceremonies, between them the Grammy Latin, Billboard Awards, Prizes The Ours and Prizes The People.

Calderón was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico. He moved to an early age of his native Puerto Rico to Miami, Florida, were assisted to Beach Senior High School. Here he was in contact with several different cultures and was a drummer in a band of rock. The band did versions of songs produced by artists like Ozzy Osbourne and Led Zeppelin. He has observed that his two parents were fans of Ismael Rivera and that his father also was interested in jazz. He was influenced by both genders and incorporated them into his music. Over time he developed a musical style that combines elements of the sauce, dancehall, and hip hop, centering in the appearances of the urban life in his letters.

Calderón did some apparitions in albums of other musicians of reggaeton, over time signed with the stamp White Lion. In 2002, he published his first album of study titled "El Abayarde" the reggaeton considered at this time a gender "underground", the album sold 50.000 copies in his launching, establishing a record of sales for an album of Latin music. "Three months after publishing" The Abayarde, Calderón organised his first concert, which took place in the "Coliseo Roberto Clemente" in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and exhausted the place. "The next day he turned into the first artist of reggaeton in making a performance in the annual meeting Puerto Rican "Dia Nacional de La Salsa"."

In August of 2003, Calderón acted in Madison Square Garden in New York. His second apparition in the place was in October of 2004, where headed an event titled "Megatones de 2004". The concert was exhausted, with 20.000 assistants of a mixed public of Latins and American fans.

Calderón participated in the 2004 and 2005 editions of the Parade of New York, "Rican Day". During this period of time turned into the first Latin American artist in being included in the Power-105 of New York.

In the summer of 2005, Calderón signed an agreement between Atlantic Records and his own independent stamp, Jiggiri Records, turning into the first artist of reggaeton in having a deal with an important label.


Evolución musical

1989-2023

1989 (age 17)
1990 (age 18)
1991 (age 19)
1992 (age 20)
1993 (age 21)
1994 (age 22)
1995 (age 23)
1996-1999 (Break) (ages 24-27) 2000 (age 28)
2001 (age 29)
2002 (age 30)
2003 (age 31)
2004 (age 32)
2005 (age 33)
2006 (age 34)
2007 (age 35)
2008 (age 36)
2009 (age 37)
2010 (age 38)
2011 (age 39)
2012 (age 40)
2013 (age 41)
2014 (age 42)
2015 (age 43)
2016 (age 44)
2017 (age 45)
2018 (age 46)
2019 (age 47)
2020 (age 48)
2021 (age 49)
2022 (age 50) 
2023



Sister Jean

Jean Dolores Schmidt, BVM (born August 21, 1919), affectionately known as Sister Jean, is an American chaplain for the Loyola Ramblers men's basketball team and a religious sister of the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary. She was born in San Francisco, California.

Schmidt moved from California to teach at Mundelein College in Chicago in 1961. During the mid-1960s, she was active in the civil rights movement. In 1991, she was hired by Loyola University.

In 2018, Sister Jean became famous for her appearances in the NCAA tournaments when Loyola advanced to the final four.


Henry Minarik

Henry John Minarik (September 1, 1927 – March 12, 2018) was an American football tackle. He was born in Flint, Michigan. He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football at Michigan State University.

Minarik died on March 12, 2018 in Lake City, Michigan at the age of 90.

Emmett Hulcy Tidd

Vice Admiral Emmett Hulcy Tidd (October 6, 1923 – March 20, 2018) was a retired flag officer of the United States Navy. He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He retired in 1976.

Tidd enlisted in the Navy Reserve as a seaman apprentice in 1942, and joined the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps while at Oklahoma University. Tidd assumed command of USS "Everglades", followed by a tour as Chief of Staff and Aide to Vice Admiral Elmo Zumwalt, then serving as Commander, Naval Forces Vietnam. Following his Vietnam tour, Tidd was assigned to assume command of USS "Columbus".

Tidd died on March 20, 2018 in Annapolis, Maryland of complications from dementia at the age of 94.

Tom Higgins (rock climber)

Thomas John Higgins (November 7, 1944 – March 21, 2018) was an American rock climber. He was the first climbers to free ascents primarily in the western United States. He was known for pushing standards using a purist, free climbing style. He was born in Huntington Park, California. Higgins began climbing in the High Sierra in California.

In the 1980s, Higgins created first ascents and first free ascents at Pinnacles National Monument (now Pinnacles National Park) and in the Southern High Sierra mountains, California. 

Higgins died on March 21, 2018 in Oakland, California at the age of 73.


Frank Meisler

Frank Meisler (30 December 1929 – 24 March 2018) was an German-born Israeli architect and sculptor. Meisler was born in the Free City of Danzig. He moved to Israel in 1960.

His public works include a memorial to Ben Gurion in Israel, "Eternal Kiev" in Kiev, and a series of Kindertransport memorials: "Kindertransport – The Arrival" erected at Liverpool Street station in London in 2006, "Trains to Life – Trains to Death" erected at Friedrichstraße station in Berlin in 2008, "The Departure" erected at Gdańsk Główny station in 2009, and "Crossing to Life" erected at the Hook of Holland in 2011.


André Bourbeau

André Bourbeau (June 1, 1936 – March 25, 2018) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. Bourbeau served as member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Laporte serving from 1981 until 2003.

Bourbeau was the founding president of the Montreal International Music Competition.

Bourbeau was diagnosed with leukemia in 1998. He died of complications from cancer on March 25, 2018 in Montreal, at the age of 81.

Bernie De Koven

Bernard Louis De Koven or DeKoven (October 15, 1941 – March 24, 2018) was an American game designer, author, lecturer and fun theorist. He was most notable for his book "The Well Played Game", for his works to the New Games Foundation, his work in computer game design, and for his long-running web site, "deepFUN.com".

Seo Min-woo

Seo Min-woo (Hangul: 서민우; February 8, 1985 – March 25, 2018) was a South Korean idol singer and actor. He was a member of South Korean boy group 100% under the label of TOP Media, as the leader and vocalist.

On March 25, 2018, Seo died from cardiac arrest in his home in Gangnam, aged 33.

Nicolae Tilihoi

Nicolae "Nae" Tilihoi (9 December 1956 – 25 March 2018) was a Romanian professional footballer. He played as a defender. 

He spent most of his career with Universitatea Craiova, where he was an indispensable member of the golden generation known as "Craiova Maxima". Tilihoi was often nicknamed "the Iron Guard of Craiova". 

Tilihoi made ten appearances for the Romania senior team between 1979 and 1981.

Fimbria

The fimbria are projections of tissue that come out from the ends of the Fallopian tubes. They appear to be in the shape of fingers. The largest of these fimbria, the fimbria ovarica, is attached to the ovary. The fimbria form a funnel shape that helps move the egg cell (ovum) into the Fallopian tube and then the uterus.

Wake Up with Al

Wake Up with Al was a program on The Weather Channel that was hosted by Al Roker and Stephanie Abrams. It debuted on July 20, 2009, and ended on October 2, 2015, now replaced by "AMHQ". Stephanie Abrams moved to "AMHQ" and replaced Sam Champion, while Al Roker remains at The Weather Channel.

WMAR-TV

WMAR-TV is an ABC affiliate in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The station first went on the air in 1947. It was originally a CBS affiliate until 1981 when it switched to NBC. In 1995, the station switched to ABC while WBAL-TV switched to NBC and WJZ-TV switched to CBS.

It used to have Weekend Morning news noon and 9am news Saturdays 

Atif Aslam

Atif Aslam (born 12 March 1983) is a Pakistani singer, songwriter and actor. He mainly sings Hindi, Urdu and panjabi songs. He has won many Lux Style Awards and he also received Tamgha-e-Imtiaz in 2008. The first movie in which he acted was Pakistani movie, "Bol".


Ladon (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Ladon () was a dragon who guarded the Garden of the Hesperides. He specifically guarded the tree in the center of the garden, from which grew luscious, golden apples. He had one hundred heads. He was killed by Herakles, who retrieved the apples for one of his Twelve Labors.

Ganymede (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Ganymede or Ganymedes (, "Ganymēdēs") was an extremely handsome youth. Homer said he was the most beautiful of all mortals. He was born a prince of Troy. His parents were King Tros (from whose name "Troy" is derived), and Queen Callirrhoe, daughter of the river god Scamander.

When Zeus began lusting for the boy, he went down to Earth in the form of an eagle and took him up to Mount Olympus. There, Ganymede was made immortal. He served as the cup-bearer of the gods. To remember this event, Zeus placed Ganymede into the sky as the constellation Aquarius. Ganymede, the largest and most massive of all Jupiter's moons, was named after this mythological figure.

Phobos and Deimos (mythology)

Phobos (Ancient Greek: Φόβος - "fear") and Deimos (Ancient Greek: Δεῖμος - "dread") are the gods of fear and terror in Greek mythology. They were twins, sons of Ares and Aphrodite. The two of them would often accompany their father as he rode into battle on his chariot, alongside Enyo, goddess of war and bloodshed, and Eris, goddess of strife.

Jerry Williams (singer)

Jerry Williams, real name Sven "Erik" Fernström (15 April 1942 – 25 March 2018) was a Swedish singer and actor. He was known early in his career as the lead singer of The Violents he then launched a solo career.

Williams likes playing football and was very interested in sports, ice hockey and was engaged in cycle sport who was also a member of a boxing club called Narva BK. While his father is taking care of him and his brother.

In 1962, Williams and the Violents released a version of "Darling Nelly Grey" as a single, which became a major hit in Sweden.

Williams was also an actor appearing as Frasse in the 1985 movie "On the Loose". He also voice dubbed a few characters in the Disney movie "Rock-a-Doodle".

In 1989, Williams released the song "Did I Tell You" which became his biggest hit song and the record "JW" which led to him being discovered by a new generation.

During the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 he was a part of the choir for the song En Dag which was performed by Tommy Nilsson representing Sweden.

In 2013, Williams co-operated with opera singer Malena Ernman on the latter's album called "I decembertid". He sang "Counting Miracles", the opening track of the album as a duet with Ernman. The song charted at Svensktoppen, and placed as number one on 6 April 2014.

Williams was a lifelong communist. Off stage he led a very private life with his family, dogs and training who was also an AIK supporter.

Williams lived in Täby at the time of his death. Williams died from cancer in Täby on 25 March 2018, aged 75.

Sándor Demján

Sándor Demján (14 May 1943 – 26 March 2018) was a Hungarian businessman and entrepreneur. According to Forbes the second richest person in Hungary with a net worth of 192.0 billion HUF (0.615 billion EUR). He was the chairman of TriGránit.

His wealth has been estimated to HUF 300 billion in assets in 2008; At the time, he was Hungary's richest man. His assets in 2006 has been estimated at HUF 80 billion; In just over two years, his capital almost quadrupled.

Arnaud Beltrame

Arnaud Jean-Georges Beltrame (18 April 1973 – 24 March 2018) was a French lieutenant colonel in the National Gendarmerie and Deputy Commander of the Departmental Gendarmerie's Aude Groupment.

Beltrame was killed by a terrorist at Trèbes after having exchanged himself for a hostage. After a three-hour stand-off, the terrorist stabbed him the throat and shot Beltrame.

French President Emmanuel Macron said that Beltrame deserved "the respect and admiration of the whole nation."

Arijit Singh

Arijit Singh (born 25 April 1987) is an Indian musician, singer, Music composer, Music producer, Recordist and Live Performer. He mainly sings Hindi and Bengali songs. He has won 51 awards in which there are four Filmfare Awards.

"Channa Mereya", "Tum Hi Ho", "Phir Bhi Tumko Chahunga", "Uska Hi Banana", "Aayat", "Raabta", "Ae Dil Hai Mushkil" are some of his popular songs.

Carcassonne and Trèbes attack

On 23 March 2018, there was a series of Islamist terrorist attacks in the towns of Carcassonne and Trèbes in southern France. 

Redouane Lakdim, a 25-year-old French-Moroccan, shot the two occupants of a car in Carcassonne, killing the passenger and hijacking it. He then opened fire on four police officers, seriously wounding one. Lakdim drove to nearby Trèbes, where he stormed a Super U supermarket, killing two civilians, wounding others, and taking at least one hostage. 

A senior gendarme, Lt. Col. Arnaud Beltrame, voluntarily swapped places with a hostage. After a three-hour stand-off, Lakdim fatally shot and stabbed Beltrame. A police tactical unit immediately stormed the building and killed Lakdim. He was named a "soldier of the Islamic State" by the Amaq News Agency, and the President of France called the attacks an act of Islamist terrorism. 

Lakdim swore allegiance to the Islamic State and demanded the release of Salah Abdeslam, the only surviving suspect of the November 2015 Paris attacks. 

Five people were killed in the attacks, including the perpetrator, and fifteen were wounded.

For his actions, Beltrame was hailed as a hero. Macron said that Beltrame deserved "the respect and admiration of the whole nation."

Sergei Mavrodi

Sergei Panteleevich Mavrodi (; 11 August 1955 – 26 March 2018) was a Russian financial fraudster and politician. He served as a deputy of the State Duma from 1994 to 1995. He was the founder of the МММ series of pyramid schemes.

Mavrodi died of a heart attack at the age of 62 in Moscow.

Stéphane Audran

Stéphane Audran (born Colette Suzanne Dacheville 8 November 1932 – 27 March 2018) was a French movie and television actress. She was known for her performances in award-winning movies such as "Le charme discret de la bourgeoisie" (1972) and "Babette's Feast" (1987), "The Big Red One" (1980) and "Violette Nozière" (1978).

In 1973, Audran won a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.

Appleton, Wisconsin

Appleton is a city in Outagamie (mostly), Calumet, and Winnebago counties in Wisconsin, United States. 

It is near the Fox River, southwest of Green Bay and north of Milwaukee.

Appleton is the county seat of Outagamie County. The population was 72,623 at the 2010 census. 

There are three public high schools (Appleton East, Appleton North, and Appleton West) and two religious high schools (Roman Catholic Xavier High School and Fox Valley Lutheran High School). Several charter high schools also serve the children of Appleton.
Lawrence University has its main campus in Appleton. Fox Valley Technical College is also in Appleton. 


Tlacote el Alto

Tlacote el Alto is a small town in the state of Querétaro, Mexico.
It is above sea level. The population of the town is 518.

Ceryneian Hind

In Greek mythology, the Ceryneian Hind (, "Elaphos Kerynitis") was a deer sacred to the goddess Artemis. It lived near the town of Ceryneia. It was very big. Its horns were made of gold. Its hooves were made of bronze and/or brass. Herakles was given the task of retrieving it for the third of his famous Twelve Labors.

John II of France

John II (; 26 April 1319 – 8 April 1364), called John the Good (French: "Jean le Bon"), was a monarch of the House of Valois who ruled as King of France from 1350 until his death. 

John II was succeeded by his son, Charles, who reigned as Charles V of France, known as "The Wise."

John Ehle

John Marsden Ehle, Jr. (December 13, 1925 – March 24, 2018) was an American novelist and screenwriter. He was known best for his fiction set in the Appalachian Mountains of the American South. He wrote the screenplay of "The Journey of August King", a movie that is based on his book. He was known for his book "The Winter People" (1982) and "Last One Home" (1984).

Ehle died in Winston-Salem, North Carolina on March 24, 2018 of congestive heart failure at the age of 92.


Heptagon

A heptagon/septagon/7-gon is a shape with 7 sides and 7 corners.

All sides of a regular heptagon are the same length. Each corner is 147.27°. All corners added together equal 6840°.

The amount of space a regular heptagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Dodecagon

A dodecagon or 12-gon is a shape with 12 sides and 12 corners.

All sides of a regular dodecagon are the same length. Each corner is 150°. All corners added together equal 1800°.

The amount of space a regular dodecagon takes up is

The perimeter of a regular dodecagon is

formula_2

The variable "P" represents the perimeter, and the variable "s" represents one side.

Octadecagon

A octadecagon or 18-gon is a shape with 18 sides and 18 corners.

All sides of a regular octadecagon are the same length. Each corner is 160°. All corners added together equal 2880°.

The amount of space a regular octadecagon takes up is

The area of a regular octadecagon of side length "a" is given by

Hendecagon

A hendecagon or 11-gon is a shape with 11 sides and 11 corners.

All sides of a regular hendecagon are the same length. Each corner is 147.27°. All corners added together equal 1619.97°.

The amount of space a regular hendecagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Hectogon

A hectogon or hectagon is a shape with 100 sides and 100 corners.

All sides of a regular hectogon are the same length. Each corner is 176.4°. All corners added together equal 17640°.

The area of a regular hectogon of side length "a" is given by

Dhaulagiri

Dhaulagiri is a group of mountains in Nepal. It is long and lies between Kaligandaki river and Bheri river. Dhaulagiri I which is the seventh highest mountain in the world whose height is lies in this group.

The name Dhaulagiri comes from sanskrit in which dhawala means white, beautiful and giri means mountain.


The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals

The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals is Charles Darwin's third major work of evolutionary theory, following "On the Origin of Species" (1859) and "The Descent of Man" (1871).

Darwin had intended it as a section of "The Descent of Man". However, that book was already quite long: it was published in two volumes. So the "Expression of the Emotions" was published separately in 1872.

The book is about the way emotional life is shown by the faces and actions of man and other mammals. Darwin sets out ideas that our systems of emotions are inherited, and have evolved in a similar way to the more familiar structural aspects of man and animals.

He explores the origins of such human characteristics as the lifting of the eyebrows in moments of surprise and the mental confusion which typically accompanies blushing. The book is very notable for being the first book to use photographs as the main way of showing scientific evidence. The field of study is now called "behavioural genetics". One line of evidence he uses is the way many different peoples in different parts of the world have similar facial and emotional reactions.

Darwin's basic points were: a single origin for the entire human species, and universal human expressions. Also, there are obvious links between the way human emotions are shown and the way other mammals show their emotions. Our emotional displays are adapted from a more basic set of emotional displays common to many mammals. The emotional displays are inherited, automatic and are difficult to control with our conscious mind. They are operated by the more ancient unconscious mind. Modern research has shown that it is extremely difficult to avoid giving signs of our emotions.

A German translation of "The Expression" appeared in 1872; Dutch and French versions followed in 1873 and 1874. A second edition of the book, with only minor alterations, was published in 1890.

Celestine (mineral)

Celestine, also known as celestite, is a blue mineral which is the main source of the element strontium. It is found as strontium sulfate (SrSO), which is commonly used in fireworks and in some metal alloys. Often occuring in crystallized formation, celestine derives its name from the Latin word for celestial, "caelestis".

Dream Market

Dream Market is an online darknet market started in late 2013. Dream Market works on a hidden service of the Tor network. This allows online users to browse anonymously and securely while dodging possible monitoring of traffic. The marketplace sells many things, including drugs, stolen data, and fake goods, using the Bitcoin, BitcoinCash and Monero cryptocurrencies. Dream provides an escrow service, with disputes handled by staff. The market also has forums, hosted on a different URL.

After the takeovers and shutdowns of the AlphaBay and Hansa markets in July 2017, there was much speculation that Dream Market would become the main darknet marketplace. Many sellers and buyers from AlphaBay and Hansa communities registered on Dream Market.

At the time, Dream Market was reported to have "57,000 listings for drugs and 4,000 listings for opioids".

Dream Administrator and vendor Gal Vallerius was arrested in August 2017, after a border search of his laptop confirmed his identity as online drug seller OxyMonster. $500,000 USD in the cryptocurrency Bitcoin was discovered on his laptop. Vallerius is the subject of an continuing investigation about large online narcotics purchases which began in February 2016.

After the recent seizures of other markets, the accounts of a number of Dream Market vendors came under the control of Dutch law enforcement. As the market remains in operation, and no official statement has been released by Dutch authorities regarding this matter, it is not known how these accounts were compromised, though some researchers suggest that shared credentials are to blame.

On September 13th, Dream users reported the loss of funds from their accounts in posts to forums such as reddit. In a post to the markets' news page, Staff later confirmed that a hard drive failure caused the issue and promised to refund the lost funds. The issue has not yet been resolved, and it is not known how many (if any) users have had their prior balance compensated.

Canadian Shield

The Canadian Shield is also called the Laurentian Plateau, or "" (French).

It is a large area of exposed Precambrian igneous and high-grade metamorphic rocks (geological shield). It is the ancient geological core of the North American continent (the North American Craton or Laurentia). 

A continuation of the shield is in west Greenland, to which it was once connected. In the United States the shield is mostly covered with much younger rocks and sediment.

The Canadian Shield round Hudson Bay is covered with shallow soil. Its main industrial use is for mining.

Arnold R. Hirsch

Arnold Richard Hirsch (March 9, 1949 – March 19, 2018) was an American historian. He was born in Rogers Park, Chicago, Illinois. He taught at the University of New Orleans, where he served as Ethel and Herman L. Midlo Endowed Chair for New Orleans Studies. Hirsch published "Making the Second Ghetto: Race and Housing in Chicago, 1940-1960."

Hirsch died on March 19, 2018 of complications from Lewy body dementia in Oak Park, Illinois, aged 69.

Huntington Park, California

Huntington Park is a city in the Gateway Cities district of southeastern Los Angeles County, California.

As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 54,883.

Huntington Park was made in 1906 as a streetcar suburb for workers in the rapidly expanding industries to the southeast of downtown Los Angeles. To this day, about 30% of its residents work at factories in nearby Vernon and Commerce.

Vernon, California

Vernon is a city five miles (8.0 km) south of downtown Los Angeles, California. The population was 222 at the 2020 United States Census, the second smallest of any incorporated city in the state (and the nearest to downtown Los Angeles).

The city is made of industrial areas and describes itself as "exclusively industrial". Meatpacking plants and warehouses are common. As of 2006, there were no parks in the city.

Commerce, California

Commerce is a city located in southeast Los Angeles County, California, United States. The population was 12,378 at the 2020 census.

It is bordered by Vernon on the west, Los Angeles on the northwest, East Los Angeles on the north, Montebello on the east, Downey and Bell Gardens on the south, and Maywood on the southwest.

The Los Angeles River forms part of its southwestern boundary. It is usually referred to as the "City of Commerce" to distinguish it from the common noun.


West Midlands Trains

West Midlands Trains (WMT) is a British train operating company based in Birmingham, England. It operates passenger trains on the West Midlands franchise between London and the West Midlands under two trade names: West Midlands Railway (WMR) (within the West Midlands region) and London Northwestern Railway (LNR) (outside the West Midlands region). The company took over from London Midland on 10 December 2017.

It is owned by a consortium of three companies: Abellio, JR East and Mitsui Group.

The company provides direct LNWR trains mainly between London and Birmingham, with some trains going to Watford, Tring, Milton Keynes, Crewe and Liverpool. WMR provide direct trains between Birmingham and towns such as Shrewsbury, Rugeley, Wolverhampton, Walsall, Stratford-upon-Avon, Nuneaton, Redditch and Hereford.

Buddy Bolden

Buddy Bolden was an African-American cornetist who was a key figure in developing the New Orleans style of ragtime music.


Tuscarawas County, Ohio

Tuscarawas County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 93,263. The county seat is New Philadelphia.



Uhrichsville, Ohio

Uhrichsville is a city of Tuscarawas County in the state of Ohio, United States. The population was 5,272 at the 2020 census. Claymont City School District is the major education provider for the city of Uhrichsville and for the village of Dennison, Ohio. Uhrichsville Water Park opened in June 2008. It is heated and features slides, waterfalls, buckets, and a water jungle-gym.

Novichok

The name Novichok is used for a number of chemical compounds that have been used as nerve agents (similar to nerve gas) from the 1970s to at least the 1990s in the Soviet Union. There are 3–5 different substances, all called Novichok. The exact formula of these agents is unknown. The following facts are known or likely:
In 2018, former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned using Novichok. Novichok was also the agent in the 2018 Amesbury poisonings. It is likely that Alexei Navalny was poisoned using Novichok in 2020.

Heather Langenkamp

Heather Langenkamp (born July 17, 1962 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Nancy Thompson in the "A Nightmare on Elm Street" movies.

Sandra Peabody

Sandra Peabody (born January 11, 1948 in Portland, Oregon) is an American actress, writer, producer, and acting coach. She is best known for her role as Mari Collingwood in Wes Craven's 1972 horror movie "The Last House on the Left". She is known for her roles in horror movies such as "Voices of Desire" (1972), "Massage Parlor Murders!" (1973), and "Legacy of Satan" (1974). Peabody quit acting in the mid 1970s and now works as an acting coach, writer, and producer.

Otrera

In Greek mythology, Otrera (; , "Otrērē") was a queen of the Amazons. She was the daughter of Eurus (the east wind). She was a lover of the god Ares. Their children were Hippolyta, Antiope, Melanippe, and Penthesilea.

The Last House on the Left

The Last House on the Left is a 1972 American horror movie. It was directed by Wes Craven and produced by Sean S. Cunningham. The movie stars Sandra Peabody, Lucy Grantham, David A. Hess, Fred Lincoln, Jeramie Rain, and Marc Sheffler.

Penthesilea

Penthesilea (, "Penthesileia") was a queen of the Amazonian in Greek mythology. Her parents were Ares and Otrera. She was the sister of Hippolyta, Antiope and Melanippe. She and her sisters were allies of the Trojans during the Trojan War.

Ronny Jackson

Ronny Lynn Jackson (born May 4, 1967) is an American politician and medical doctor. He is the U.S. Representative from Texas since 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was the Physician to the President, and United States Navy Rear admiral. Jackson was first appointed to the role of physician to the President on July 25, 2013, by Barack Obama, he was re-hired by Donald Trump after his election in 2016. He stepped down from the position on April 28, 2018.

On March 28, 2018, President Trump announced his plans to nominate Jackson as United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs, replacing David Shulkin. On April 26, 2018, Jackson withdrew his nomination as Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

In December 2019, he announced his plans to run for the United States House of Representatives in Texas during the 2020 election. He won the election in November 2020.

Jackson was born Levelland, Texas. He studied at Texas A&M University and at the University of Texas Medical Branch. 

Jackson began his active duty naval service in 1995 at Naval Medical Center Portsmouth, where he completed his internship in Transitional Medicine. 

In 2001, Jackson returned to Portsmouth Naval Medical Center to begin his residency in emergency medicine, finishing at the top of his class and receiving the honor graduate designation.

In 2006, while in Iraq, Jackson was selected as a White House physician. Since arriving at the White House, he has directed the Executive Health Care for the President’s Cabinet and Senior Staff, served as physician supervisor for the Camp David Presidential Retreat, held the position of physician to the White House and led the White House Medical Unit as its director.

In July 2013, President Barack Obama hired Jackson to be his personal physician. In 2016, President-elect Donald Trump said he would re-hire Jackson to remain as his personal physician as well. He was nominated to the rank of rear admiral (upper half) on March 23, 2018. He resigned from the position on April 28, 2018.

On March 28, 2018, Trump fired Secretary David Shulkin and Jackson was selected by Trump as Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

On April 26, 2018, Jackson withdrew his nomination as Secretary of Veterans Affairs amidst widely publicized allegations of misconduct and mismanagement while serving in the White House.

On December 9, he filed to run as a Republican for Congress in Texas's 13th congressional district. He won the Republican primary and eventually won the November 2020 election.


Eurystheus

In Greek mythology, Eurystheus (; - "broad strength") was the king of Tiryns and Mycenae. He was the son of Sthenelus. He was the one whom Herakles had to serve as penance for the murder of his family.

Victor Kalashnikov

Victor Mikhailovich Kalashnikov (; 16 July 1942 – 27 March 2018) was a Russian small arms designer. He was known for developing the PP-19 Bizon and AK-74m. He was the son of Mikhail Kalashnikov. He was born in Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union. He began his weapon designing career in 1966 by conducting a series of tests of the AK-47.

Kalashnikov died at a university hospital in Izhevsk, Russia on 27 March 2018 at the age of 75.


Cycnus (son of Ares)

In Greek mythology, Cycnus ( - "swan") was a cruel and bloodthirsty bandit. The son of Ares and Pelopia (or Pyrene), he seized control of the sacred grove of Apollo at Itonos in southern Thessaly, as he murdered pilgrims and stole offerings intended for the god. (Other sources say he dwelt by the river Echedorus in Macedonia). He faced off against Herakles in single combat, and ultimately lost despite the support he received from his father. He was afterwards transformed into a swan () and placed amongst the stars as the constellation Cygnus.

Peter Munk

Peter Munk (November 8, 1927 – March 28, 2018) was a Hungarian-born Canadian businessman and philanthropist. He founded and chaired Barrick Gold, the world's largest gold-mining corporation.

Munk was founder, chairman and CEO of Trizec Properties (formerly TrizecHahn Corporation), one of the largest American real estate investment trusts. In 2006, Trizec Properties was sold to Brookfield Properties.

Munk died in Toronto on March 28, 2018 of heart failure at the age of 90.


Tatiana Maslany

Tatiana Gabriele Maslany (born September 22, 1985) is a Canadian actress. She is known for playing multiple roles in the science fiction television series "Orphan Black" (2013–2017) and for her role in "" (2022) in the lead role of Jennifer Walters / She-Hulk.

Maslany won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 2016. Maslany became the first Canadian actor from a Canadian series to win an Emmy Award in a key dramatic category.

Eric McClintock

Sir Eric Paul McClintock (13 September 1918 – 27 March 2018) was an Australian former public servant and businessman. He was born in Gulgong, New South Wales.

McClintock was known for serving as Chairman of Woolworths Limited from 1980 to 1987. He was a speech writer for future Prime Minister John McEwen, then Minister for Trade, and served as First Assistant Secretary, Department of Trade 1958-61.

He was NSW campaign chair for the Australian Prospectors & Miners' Hall of Fame (now defunct).

McClintock died in Sydney on 27 March 2018 at the age of 99.

Verónica Echegui

Verónica Fernández Echegaray (born 16 June 1983), known professionally as Verónica Echegui, is a Spanish actress.
Echegui has been nominated for three Goya Awards. She is known for her roles in "My Name Is Juani", "My Prison Yard" and "Kathmandu Lullaby". 

In 2018, she made her American debut appearing in the FX series "Trust" playing one of J. Paul Getty's girlfriends, Luciana, alongside Donald Sutherland.

Chalo Chatu

Chalo Chatu is an Internet encyclopedia project in the English language that is documenting the entire Zambia only covering historical events and current events, notable public figures, companies, organizations, websites, national monuments and other notable key features of Zambia. The website is free of charge: users do not pay but they can choose to donate to the Chalo Chatu Foundation. It is "open content", this means anyone can copy it. It is also the largest and only online encyclopedia in Zambia. The name Chalo Chatu translated as our world in the Zambian local language. Chalo Chatu was started on June 1, 2016 by Jason Mulikita. Chalo Chatu is owned by a Zambian organization, Chalo Chatu Foundation, which is in Lusaka.

Chalo Chatu was launched on June 1, 2016. It was launched as an English-language at www.chalochatu.org and has been active since. Chalo Chatu was launched under ther policy of well written, balanced, neutral, and encyclopedic.

Chalo Chatu is a free site just like Wikipedia that anybody can start or edit a page but for you to edit on Chalo Chatu one has to be a registered and verified user with a website.


Inonge Wina

Inonge Mutukwa Wina (born April 2, 1941) is a Zambian politician and former Vice President of Zambia from 2015 until 2021. She is the first woman to hold the position in Zambia, making her the highest ranking woman in the history of the Zambian government.

She was married to Arthur Wina, an independence fighter, former minister and academic who died on 3 September 1995.

Tracheid

Tracheids are long cells in the xylem of vascular plants. They transport water and mineral salts. Tracheids are one of two types of elements in the xylem, vessel elements being the other. Tracheids do not have perforation plates; vessel elements do. These define vascular plants, as opposed to non-vascular plants.

All tracheary elements get a thick lignified cell wall. When the plant is mature, the protoplast has broken down and disappeared. Tracheids have two functions. They transport material and provide structural support.

The secondary walls have thickenings in various forms: rings, spirals, networks or as extensive thickenings except where there are pits. Tracheids provide most of the structural support in softwoods, where they are the major cell type.

Because tracheids have a much larger surface area to volume ratio compared to vessel elements, they hold water against gravity (by adhesion) when transpiration is not occurring. This mechanism helps plants prevent air embolisms.

The term "tracheid" was introduced by Carl Sanio in 1863, originally as "Tracheide", in German.

Kirchheim unter Teck

Kirchheim unter Teck () is a town in southern Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It has 40,000 people. It is named after the mountain Teck. It isn't far away from Stuttgart. It is in a mountain group named Schwäbische Alb.

Robert Towne

Robert Towne (born Robert Bertram Schwartz, November 23, 1934) is an American screenwriter, producer, director and actor. 

Towne was part of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking. He is best known for his Academy Award-winning original screenplay for Roman Polanski's "Chinatown" (1974). Towne also wrote the sequel, "The Two Jakes" (1990).

Towne is also known for his screenplays for "The Last Detail" (1973) and "Shampoo" (1975); and the first two "" movies.

Towne directed the sports dramas "Personal Best" (1982) and "Without Limits" (1998), the crime thriller "Tequila Sunrise" (1988), and the romantic crime drama "Ask the Dust" (2006).

Emiliano Mondonico

Emiliano Mondonico (9 March 1947 – 29 March 2018) was an Italian professional footballer and coach. He played as a winger. In 1966 he was signed by Cremonese, with whom he played one season in Serie D and one season.

Mondonico began his managerial career with the Cremonese youth team in 1979. In 1981, he became manager of the senior team.

In 1990, he joined Torino, where he won the Mitropa Cup over Pisa and finished in fifth-place in the league during the 1990–91 season.

In 2012, Mondonico was fired as head coach by Novara and later retired.

Mondonico died on 29 March 2018 from stomach cancer in Milan at the age of 71.

José Hugo Garaycoa Hawkins

José Hugo Garaycoa Hawkins (2 June 1930 – 27 March 2018) was a Peruvian Roman Catholic bishop.

Garaycoa Hawkins was born in Callao, Peru and was ordained to the priesthood in 1961. He served as titular bishop oh Horæa and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lima, Peru, from 1982 to 1991. He then served as Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tacna y Moquegua, Peru, from 1991 to 2006.

Garaycoa Hawkins died on 27 March 2018 in Lima, Peru at the age of 87.

S/PDIF

S/PDIF (Sony/Philips Digital Interface Format) is a type of connection used to play audio from a computer or home theater to a speaker. S/PDIF was primarily designed by Sony and Philips, which is where it gets its name.

James C. Irwin

James Clarence Irwin (June 7, 1929 – March 21, 2018) was an American military personnel. He was a retired vice admiral in the United States Coast Guard. He was Vice Commandant from 1986 to 1988. Irwin was born in Des Moines, Iowa.

Irwin died on March 21, 2018 of Alzheimer's disease in Chandler, Arizona at the age of 88.

John W. Vogt

John Willard Vogt (December 28, 1936 – March 21, 2018) was an American engineer and politician. He was born in Lake Wales, Florida. He studied at the University of Florida. He served in the Florida Senate from 1972 to 1988. Vogt was a member of the Democratic Party.

Vogt died on March 21, 2018 at the age of 81 from pulmonary fibrosis in Tallahassee, Florida.

Mike Harrison (musician)

Mike Harrison (3 September 1945 – 25 March 2018) was an English musician and singer. He was known as a principal lead singer of Spooky Tooth. He has also been the lead singer in The V.I.P.s, Art and the Hamburg Blues Band, among others.

Harrison died in Carlisle, Cumbria on 25 March 2018 at the age of 72.


Eugène Van Roosbroeck

Eugène Van Roosbroeck (13 May 1928 – 28 March 2018) was a Belgian racing cyclist. He was born in Noorderwijk (Antwerp province). He won a gold medal in team road race at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, together with Lode Wouters and Leon De Lathouwer.

Roosbroeck died on 28 March 2018 in Noorderwijk at the age of 89.

Stephen Reinhardt

Stephen Roy Reinhardt (March 27, 1931 – March 29, 2018) was an American circuit judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit serving from 1980 until his death in 2018. He was the last federal appeals court judge in active service to have been appointed by President Jimmy Carter. He was a Democrat. Reinhardt was born in New York City.

Reinhardt died in Los Angeles, California on March 29, 2018 from a heart attack at the age of 87.

Melrose Park, Illinois

Melrose Park is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago, 14 miles by road. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 24,796.

The suburb was the home of Kiddieland Amusement Park from 1929 until 2010 (it closed in September 2009 before it was demolished), the Shrine of Our Lady of Mt. Carmel, and Stern Pinball, Inc., which is now the world's last manufacturer of coin-operated pinball machines.


Alanna Ubach

Alanna Noel Ubach (born October 3, 1975) is an actress, vocal artist and singer of Mexican, Puerto Rican, and Spanish descent. She is known for her roles in "Coco" as Mama Imelda, "Legally Blonde" as Serena McGuire, "Meet the Fockers" as Isabel Villalobos. She played Jeanine Pirro in the 2019 movie "Bombshell" and Suze Howard in the HBO series "Euphoria". She is also known for singing "La Llorona" and "La Bruja" in "Coco Live at the Hollywood Bowl".


Downey, California

Downey is a city located in southeast Los Angeles County, California, United States, southeast of Los Angeles. It is thought to be part of the Gateway Cities.

The city is the birthplace of the Apollo space program, and is the hometown of Richard and Karen Carpenter. It is also the home of the oldest still operational McDonald's restaurant in the world. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 114,355.

Downey is sister cities with Guadalajara, Mexico; San Quintín, Baja California, Mexico; Ensenada, Mexico; Fresnillo, Mexico; and Alajuela, Costa Rica.

Elmarie Wendel

Elmarie Louise Wendel (November 23, 1928 – July 21, 2018) was an American actress and singer. She was known for her roles as Mrs. Dubcek on "3rd Rock from the Sun" and as Gina, an assembly line worker at the aviation factory on "The George Lopez Show".

Wendel died on July 21, 2018 at the age of 89.

Prince Eunjeon

Prince Eunjeon (; 14 August 1759 - 26 August 1778) was a royal family member of the Joseon dynasty in Korea. His real name is Yi Chan ().

He is an illegitimate son of Crown Prince Sado. His mother is Lady Park Bing-ae, a concubine of Crown Prince Sado. In January 1761, his father killed his mother with a knife, caused by insanity.

He was executed at 26 of August in 1778 because of treason.

Oldest dated rocks

The oldest dated rocks on Earth are of several different types.

1. There are early rocks recovered from the Moon. This is relevant because the Moon was once part of the Earth: see giant impact hypothesis. During Apollo 16, Lunar sample 67215, dated at 4.46 billion years, was brought back. Lunar sample 67215 is the oldest known rock on Earth, even though it came from the Moon.

2. The oldest material of terrestrial origin that has been dated is a zircon mineral 4.404 ±0.008 billion years old. It was in the Jack Hills of Western Australia. The oldest consistently-dated zircon is closer to 4.35 billion years ago. 

3. The oldest rock formation on Earth may be the Acasta Gneiss in the Canadian Shield in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is composed of the Archaean igneous and gneissic cores of ancient mountain chains that have been exposed by glacial action. Again it was dated by analysis of zircons in the rocks.

Tullimonstrum

Tullimonstrum, colloquially known as the Tully Monster, is an extinct bilaterian animal that lived in shallow tropical coastal waters of muddy estuaries during the Pennsylvanian geological period, about 300 million years ago. A single species, T. gregarium, is known. Its classification has been the subject of controversy, and interpretations of the fossil likened it to molluscs, arthropods, conodonts, worms, and vertebrates. It is unknown whether "Tullimonstrum" was a vertebrate or an invertebrate.

Supercharger

Supercharger -As at higher altitude the atmospheric pressure decreases due to which density of air decreases. Hence, to increase the density of air, first time supercharger was introduced in the Internal combustion engine of Aircraft which compresses the air through compressor wheel. It was working as a parasitic load on engine as the drive is given through gear train of the engine. So to overcome this situation Turbocharger was introduced in which drive is given through the pressure of exhaust gases.turbocharger is not used in ic engines.

Léon Kengo wa Dondo

Léon Kengo wa Dondo (born Leon Lubicz, 22 May 1935) is a Congolese politician. He served as the "first state commissioner" (prime minister) several times under Mobutu Sese Seko in Zaïre. Since 2007, he has been President of the Senate of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

André Bo-Boliko Lokonga

André Bo-Boliko Lokonga Monse Mihambo (15 August 1934 – 30 March 2018) was a Congolese politician. He served as the First State Commissioner of Zaire from 6 March 1979 to 27 August 1980. From 1967 to 1980, he was secretary-general of the National Union of Zairian Workers.

In 1990 he joined Joseph Iléo in founding the Democratic Social Christian Party.

Prince George's County, Maryland

Prince George's County (short PG County) is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. It borders the eastern part of Washington, D.C. As of the 2020 census, 967,201 people lived there. That was the second-highest population of any county in Maryland, behind only Montgomery County. The county seat is Upper Marlboro.

My Dear Melancholy,

My Dear Melancholy, is an extended play released by Canadian singer-songwriter The Weeknd. It was released on March 30, 2018, through his label, XO, along with Republic Records. The EP contains six songs. It has so far topped the iTunes Album chart in over 40 countries.

Luminous red nova

A luminous red nova ("LRN") is an explosion in space. It is probably caused when two stars merge to become one. Their red colour is distinctive. The light curve near the star stays in the infared. Luminous red novae are different from normal novae. Those are explosions on the surface of white dwarf stars.

The first luminous red nova found was in the Messier 85 galaxy. It was discovered when people working at the Rickett Observatory were searching for supernovas. Astronomers from U.C. Berkeley and Caltech investigated it. They found that it was different from normal novae and thermal pulses. Afterwards, they announced that luminous red novae are a new type of star explosion.

More luminous red novae were found after the discovery. Researchers found V1309 Scorpii in 2008. The star system was a contact binary. Researchers were studying it for six years before it merged and exploded. In 2015, two different luminous red novae were found. One was in the Andromeda galaxy, and the other was in the Pinwheel galaxy. Astronomers think that in 2022, KIC 9832227 will merge and become a new luminous red nova. This star system is 1800 light years away from the Sun. A team from Calvin College found that the orbital period of the star system was slowing down and that the stars were coming closer to each other.

Luminous red novae have these traits:


Georgian Bay

Georgian Bay () is a large bay of Lake Huron in Ontario, Canada. The main part of the bay lies east of the Bruce Peninsula and Manitoulin Island. To its northwest is the North Channel.

Georgian Bay is surrounded by (listed clockwise) the districts of Manitoulin, Sudbury, Parry Sound and Muskoka, as well as the more populous counties of Simcoe, Grey and Bruce.

Georgian Bay, Ontario

The Township of Georgian Bay is an area municipality of the District Municipality of Muskoka, in south-central Ontario, Canada. It is on the Severn River, where it empties into the Georgian Bay. The town offices are at Port Severn.

Htin Kyaw

1962 coup d'état. The second son of scholar Min Thu Wun, Htin Kyaw had held various positions in the education, planning and treasury ministries in prior governments.

Win Myint

Win Myint ( ; born 8 November 1951) is a Burmese politician and former political prisoner. He was the 10th President of Myanmar from 29 March 2018 until a coup removed him from power on 1 February 2021. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Myanmar from 2016 to 2018. He also served as MP for House of Representatives from 2012 to 2018. 

Than Shwe

Than Shwe (; ; born 2 February 1933) is a Burmese army general and politician, retired commander-in-chief and military ruler of Myanmar until 2010. He was the head of state of Burma from 1992 to 2011 as Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council (SPDC). Occupying key positions, including Prime Minister of Myanmar, Commander-in-chief of Myanmar Defense Services, and head of the Union Solidarity and Development Association, he faced criticism for perceived undemocratic practices. In March 2011, Than Shwe officially stepped down as head of state, facilitating the transition to his chosen successor, Thein Sein, and as the head of the Armed Forces, being succeeded by Senior General Min Aung Hlaing. Than Shwe continues to wield significant influence within the military.

Than Shwe is suffering from diabetes and he is rumored to have colorectal cancer.


Robert Freeman Smith

Robert Freeman Smith (June 16, 1931 – September 21, 2020) was an American politician. Smith, a Republican, was a United States Congressman from Oregon's 2nd congressional district from 1983 to 1995. After a brief retirement, he returned to Congress in 1997.

Smith died on September 21, 2020 in Medford, Oregon at the age of 89.

Bob Ptacek

Robert James "Bob" Ptacek, Jr. (born April 23, 1937) is a former professional American and Canadian football player. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He holds the CFL record for most fumble returns in a playoff season with three in 1963.

Ptacek played college football at the halfback and quarterback positions for the University of Michigan from 1956 to 1958. He later played professional football in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland Browns in 1959 and in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1960 to 1965.

Murray S. Hoffman

Murray Stanley Hoffman (April 15, 1924 – March 23, 2018) was an American cardiologist, educator and diplomat of the American Board of Internal Medicine and the American Board of Cardiovascular Disease, a Fellow of the American College of Cardiology. He was a member of the Council on Clinical Cardiology (CLCD) of the American Heart Association. He was born in Denver, Colorado. He retired in 2002.

Hoffman died at a hospital in Denver on March 23, 2018 at the age of 93.

Michael Rennie

Michael Rennie (born Eric Alexander Rennie; 25 August 1909 – 10 June 1971) was an English actor. He is best known for his starring role as the space visitor Klaatu in the science fiction movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951).


The Day the Earth Stood Still

The Day the Earth Stood Still (a.k.a. Farewell to the Master and Journey to the World) is a 1951 American black-and-white science fiction movie from 20th Century Fox. It was produced by Julian Blaustein, directed by Robert Wise and stars Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, Billy Gray, Hugh Marlowe, and Sam Jaffe.

The screenplay was written by Edmund H. North. It is based on the 1940 science fiction short story "Farewell to the Master" by Harry Bates. The score was composed by Bernard Herrmann.

In 1995, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Billy Gray (actor)

William Thomas "Billy" Gray (born January 13, 1938) is an American former actor and motorcyclist. He was known primarily for his role as James "Bud" Anderson, Jr., in 193 episodes of the situation comedy "Father Knows Best" and as an alien in the movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still".

Sam Jaffe

Sam Jaffe (born Shalom Jaffe, March 10, 1891 – March 24, 1984) was an American actor, teacher, writer, musician, and engineer.

In 1951, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "The Asphalt Jungle" (1950). He also starred in "Ben-Hur" (1959) and "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951). He may be best remembered for playing the title role in "Gunga Din" (1939) and the High Lama in "Lost Horizon" (1937).

Hugh Marlowe

Hugh Marlowe (born Hugh Herbert Hipple, January 30, 1911 – May 2, 1982) was an American movie, television, stage and radio actor.

Marlowe was known for his works with 20th Century Fox, appearing in "Twelve O'Clock High" (1949), "All About Eve" (1950), "Night and the City" (1950), "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951), "Rawhide" (1951), and Howard Hawks' "Monkey Business" (1952). 

His later movies include "Earth vs. the Flying Saucers" (1956), "Elmer Gantry" (1960), "Birdman of Alcatraz" (1962), and "Seven Days in May" (1964).

Hoosiers

Hoosiers is a 1986 sports movie about a high school basketball team from a small town in Indiana that wins their state championship. It written by Angelo Pizzo and directed by David Anspaugh. The story comes from a team at Milan High School that won the 1954 state championship.

Gene Hackman played Norman Dale, a new coach but who had problems in his past. Other stars include Barbara Hershey and Dennis Hopper (he would earn a Oscar nomination for his role). The music also got Jerry Goldsmith a nomination for an Academy Award. In 2001, "Hoosiers" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Kawasaki Heavy Industries &amp; CRRC Sifang C151C

The Kawasaki Heavy Industries & CRRC Qingdao Sifang C151C is the sixth generation of rolling stock to be introduced on the East West Line and North South Line of Singapore. 12 trains were purchased and were delivered between 2017 and 2019, where the trains were tested before starting full service in 2019.
The first of the 12 trains was delivered on 27 October 2017. The interior design was shown on 28 February 2018 at the Tuas Depot with two trains on display. When all trainsets start running it will bring the total number of trains running on the NSEWL to 198 trainsets, up from the previous 186 trainsets. The first 3 C151C trainsets started running on 30 September 2018 on the North-South Line. 3 more commenced service by end-2018, and the remaining 6 started services in early 2019.

The C151C will be the first Mass Rapid Transit rolling stock on the NSEWL to be fitted with fold-up seats, and a new Route Map Display also found in the CT251 on the Thomson-East Coast Line. 

The C151C retains most of the features of the C151B trains but with a different livery. It's the second train to follow the LTA's livery rules (the first was the C951) and the first train on the North South & East West Lines to use it. Unlike the C151B before it , it is finished in black for the upper body and white for the lower body, separated by a red and green stripe, which are the NSEWL colours. Unlike the C151A and C151B which has the SMRT Logos on the front, the C151C trains has the Land Transport Authority logos on its body. The front headlights have been replaced by LEDs but retained the placement like the C151B, but the C151C sports a black front from the older trains before C151A trains, albeit in a straight line like the C751B for the C151C.

The configuration of a C151C in revenue service is DT-M1-M2-M2-M1-DT

The car numbers of the trains range from x701 to x724, where x depends on the carriage type. Individual cars have a 4 digit serial number. A complete six-car trainset consists of an identical twin set of one driving trailer (DT) and two motor cars (M1 & M2) permanently coupled together. For example, set 705/706 consists of carriages 3705, 1705, 2705, 2706, 1706 and 3706.



Kankai Municipality

Kankai Municipality is a municipality in Jhapa District of Nepal. In May 2014 two village development committees, Surunga and Ghailadubba joined together to form this municipality.

Surunga, Ghailadubba, Laxmipur and Durgapur are major places for trade in this municipality.

Robert Whittaker

Robert Harding Whittaker (December 27, 1920 – October 20, 1980) was a distinguished American plant ecologist

In 1969 Whittaker proposed a "five kingdom" system in which three kingdoms were added to the animals and plants: Monera, Protista, and Fungi. Whittaker defined the kingdoms by a number of special characteristics.

Prince Sanggye

Prince Sanggye (January 21, 1769 - November 20, 1786) or Crown Prince Wanpung was a royal family member of the Joseon dynasty in Korea.

He was the first son of Prince Eunjeon. Euneon was a illegitimate son of Crown Prince Sado. His mother was Lady Song of Sangsan.

Surunga

Surunga is a center for trade in Kankai Municipality of Jhapa District in Nepal. Kankai river flows from the western side of this place. The name Surunga came from word "surung" which means tunnel. It is believed that five brothers in mahabharat made a tunnel till there for escape.

Crown Prince Uiso

Crown Prince Uiso (; 27 September 1750 - 17 April 1752) was a royal family member of Korea Joseon dynasty. His real name is Yi Jeong ().

He was born in the Changkyeong palace in Hanseong. He was the first son of Crown Prince Sado and Lady Hyegyeong. 
He died when he was three years old.

Luluwa

Luluwa "Pearl" was the first daughter of Adam and Eve in some traditions of the Abrahamic religions. She is sometimes called Aclima or Kalmana. She was also the sister and wife of Abel. Luluwa was married to Abel, then when Abel died she married Cain.

She is not mentioned in the writings that became the Bible.

Ghailadubba

Ghailadubba is a small town in Kankai Municipality of Jhapa District in Nepal. In 2014 it joined with Surunga to form Kankai Municipality.

Jute, animals and Food grains are the major products traded in this town.

Script.NET

Script.NET or S# is a programming language that provides scripting functionality in Microsoft .NET applications. The syntax of Script.NET is similar to JavaScript. It is designed to be a simple and efficient scripting language allowing to customize .NET applications. The language has a true runtime interpreter, and it is executed without generating additional in-memory assemblies. 

Script.NET is an open-source project.

ScriptDotNet.Homepage

Kankai River

The Kankai River (also known as Mai Khola) () is a river flowing from North to south in eastern part of Nepal. It flows through Ilam District and Jhapa District of Nepal. The name Kankai came from 'KANAKA' a Sanskrit word in which it means gold. It is also considered to be a sacred river for Hindus. The bank of Kankai river is popular for holy bath and worshiping.

Serif

A serif is a term in typography. If a letter is made of a line or lines, a serif is a tiny decorative line on the ends of letter's 'limbs'. Thus, in the illustration on the right, each serif letter has a serif on the end of its lines. Alphabetic typefaces either have serifs or not. Those without are called sans-serif.

The design of our typefaces started in the 15th century, when the early printers used moulds from which letters made of lead were produced.

However, the original source of the serif may be in monumental inscriptions. Serifs are on the letters at the base of Trajan's column (built 107~113 AD), and are clearly illustrated in standard textbooks on typography. Indeed, older literature often describes typefaces with serifs as "Roman". The word "serif" seems to be an early 19th century innovation.


Adair County, Kentucky

Adair County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,903. The county seat is Columbia.

Quindío Department

Quindío is a department in western Colombia. The capital is Armenia.

Ali ibn Musa

Ali ibn Musa (), also known by his title Ar-Ridha ("the contented"), was the eighth Shia Imam, after his father Musa al-Kadhim, and before his son Muhammad al-Jawad. He was an Imam of knowledge according to the Zaydi (Fiver) Shia school and Sufis. He lived in a period when Abbasid caliphs were facing many difficulties, the most important of which was Shia revolts. The Caliph Al-Mamun tried to fix this problem by appointing Al-Ridha as the next caliph, however, according to the Shia view, when Al-Ma'mun saw that the Imam gained even more popularity, he decided to correct his mistake by poisoning him. The Imam was buried in a village in Khorasan, which afterwards gained the name Mashhad, meaning the place of martyrdom. Today the Imam Reza shrine in Mashhad occupies a total area of 598,657 square meters (147.931 acres).

Following works are attributed to him.

420 (cannabis culture)

420, 4:20, or 4/20 (pronounced four-twenty) is a code word used by people who smoke cannabis to talk about the drug. It is especially used to talk about smoking cannabis at 4:20pm (16:20) in the afternoon, and for the day April 20 (4/20 in the American calendar).

The term appeared in 1971 from five American high school students in California.

April 20 became the day of cannabis-related events, celebrations, and protests.

Bhang

Bhang () is food made from cannabis. It was used in food and drink as early as 1000 B.C. in India. By tradition, people drink bhang during the spring festival of Holi.

Sun Kosi

The Sun Kosi is a river that flows from Tibet to Nepal. It is a part of Kosi River which flows into India. The name 'Sun Kosi' comes from the Nepali word 'sun' which means gold and 'kosi' which means river. Many people go to this river for rafting in Nepal.

International Lefthanders Day

International Lefthanders Day is on August 13. It was created in 1976, for people who are lefties. It was first observed on the 13th of August 1976. It is meant to promote awareness of the inconveniences faced by left-handers in a predominantly right-handed world.

Arun River

The Arun River () is a river that flows from Tibet to Nepal. It is a part of Koshi River which flows into India. It is known as Phung Chu or Bum-chu at Tibet, from where it starts. Around 37 percent of the total water of Koshi River comes from this river.

Tamur River

The Tamur River is a river that flows in estern part of Nepal. Its source is near the Kanchenjunga mountain. Tamur and Arun River joins the Sun Kosi to form Koshi River which flows into India.

Dudh Kosi

Dudh Kosi (दुधकोशी नदी, "Milk-Kosi River") is a river that flows from north to south in eastern Nepal. It is one of the rivers that joins to form Kosi River. The name 'Dudh Kosi' comes from Nepali word 'Dudh' which means milk, and 'kosi' which means river.

<br>

Lock-in amplifier

A lock-in amplifier is a type of amplifier that can extract a signal with a known carrier wave from an extremely noisy environment.

Indravati River, Nepal

The Indravati River () is a river in Nepal. It is a tributary of Sun Kosi river which later joins Koshi River. It is also known as 'Melamchi khola'.

9ice

Abolore Akande (born January 17, 1980) popularly known as 9ice is a Nigerian hip-hop singer and politician. 9ice became popular after releasing the album "Kongo Aso" in 2008. That same year, he won the MTV Africa Music Awards for Best Hip Hop Artist and the Music Of Black Origin (MOBO) Award for Best African Act category. In 2015, he was named as Special Adviser to Abiola Ajimobi, the governor of Oyo State.

9ice grew up in Lagos state, Nigeria in shomolu Bariga suburbs. 9ice had always dreamed of being a musician. His parents support him while discovering that he has a singing talent.

9ice released the single "Gongo Aso song in 2008 where the" song start gaining popularity,
9ice perform at the Nelson Mandela 90th Birthday Tribert in London, United Kingdom in same year, June 2008.

Oyo State

Oyo State is one of the 36 states of Nigeria. It is located in south-west part of Nigeria and its capital is Ibadan, the largest city in Nigeria.

It was created from Western States and included Osun State, which later splitted in 1991.

Abiola Ajimobi

Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi (16 December 1949 – 25 June 2020) was a Nigerian politician from Oyo State. He was elected in 2003 as a Senator of the Republic of Nigeria representing Oyo South Senatorial District on the platform of the Alliance for Democracy (AD). After one term in the senate, he contested in 2007 the governorship of Oyo state under the banner of the All Nigeria People's Party, a bid which he lost. He was also an oil businessman.

He died from COVID-19 on 25 June 2020, aged 70.

Living things (song)

Living things is a song written and recorded by the Nigerian Hip-Hop singer, Abolore Akande. It was produced by Young John as a single from the studio album "ID Cabasa". On 12th January 2018, the song won the SoundcityMVP Awards for Viewer Choice category. 
The song have been strongly criticized for promoting internet fraud.

Fulani people

Fulani people are ethnic groups in West Africa. They are mostly cattle herders and traders. Their native language is called Fulfulde.

Fulfulde

Fulfulde is the native language of the Fulani people.

Imja Khola

The Imja Khola () is a tributary of Dudh Kosi river which flows in estern part of Nepal. This river is on the trekking route Which passes through the Rhododendron forest in Everest base camp region.

<br>

Bagmati River

The Bagmati River is a river in Bagmati Zone of Nepal. It is a holy river for both Hindus and Buddhists. This river flows through Kathmandu valley. Many temples can be seen in the bank of this river. Pashupatinath temple is also at the bank of this river. Due to large population of the cities this river is very polluted.

Bandipore district

Bandipora district is a district in Jammu and Kashmir state in northern India. The district headquarters is Bandipora.

Gandaki River

The Gandaki River is one of the major rivers of Nepal. It is the deepest river of Nepal. It is a tributary of Ganges in India. Ammonite fossils found at the bank of this river are called 'Shaligrams'. They are black, hard stones which represents Vishnu, a Hindu god.

<br>

Trishuli River

The Trishuli River is one of the major rivers of Nepal. It is a tributary of Narayani River of Nepal. It originates from the Tibet region of China. The name of the river came from 'Trishula' a weapon carried by Hindu god Shiva.

Seti Gandaki River

The Seti Gandaki River (Nepali:सेती गण्डकी नदि) is a river at western part of Nepal. It is a tributary of Trishuli River. It is one of the holy river in Hindu religion. It is worshipped as a form of Vishnu. It flows south and south-east past Pokhara and Damauli to join the Trishuli River near Devghat.

In May 2012 a flood on the river killed more than 60 people north of Pokhara. It also changed the course of the river.

Lhotse

Lhotse is the fourth tallest mountain of the world. It's height is above sea level. The summit of this mountain is in the border of Tibet and Nepal.

<br>

Vedic period

The Vedic period (Vedic age) c. 1500 – c. 600 BC is a period in the history of the Indian subcontinent between the end of the Indus Valley Civilization, and about BC. 

It gets its name from the "Vedas", which are religious texts. They contain some details of life during this period. They are the main sources for understanding this period.

The "Vedas" were composed and orally transmitted by speakers of an Old Indo-Aryan language. They had migrated into the northwestern regions of the Indian subcontinent early in this period. The associated Vedic culture was tribal and pastoral until c. 1200 or 1100 BC, and centered in the Punjab. 

The society then spread eastward to the Ganges Plain, becoming more agricultural and settled. The Vedic period saw the emergence of social classes, and developed into kingdoms known as the Janapada. Archaeological cultures show phases of Vedic culture such as the Ochre Coloured Pottery culture, the Gandhara Grave culture, the Black and red ware culture and the Painted Grey Ware culture.

Makalu

Makalu is the fifth tallest mountain of the world. Its height is above sea level. Its shape is like a pyramid with four sides. It is located in the border of Nepal and China.

Walter Pérez Villamonte

Walter Pérez Villamonte (3 November 1936 – 29 March 2018) was a Bolivian Roman Catholic bishop.

Pérez Villamonte was ordained to the priesthood in 1962. He served as titular bishop of "Churbis" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sucre, Bolivia, from 1995 to 1998. He then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Potosí, Bolivia, from 1998 to 2009.

Pérez Villamonte died on 29 March 2018 at the age of 81.

Tarasp

Tarasp was a municipality in the district of Inn in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. Its eleven settlements are situated within the Lower Engadin valley along the Inn River, at the foot of the Sesvenna Range. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Ardez, Guarda, Tarasp, Ftan and Sent merged into the municipality of Scuol.

Originally a Romansh language area, the majority of the population today speaks High Alemannic German. Unlike the surrounding municipalities, the Tarasp parish is mainly Catholic.

Tarasp was also a Lordship of the Holy Roman Empire, which joined the Austrian Imperial Circle in 1512 and was passed to the Princes of Dietrichstein in 1683.

Tarasp was an Austrian enclave inside the Free State of the Three Leagues, an associate of the Old Swiss Confederacy until 1809, when Austria ceded the territory to Revolutionary France, who subsequently passed it to Graubünden.


Ruelisheim

Ruelisheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lavau-sur-Loire

Lavau-sur-Loire is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. In 2015, 761 people lived there.


Deaths in April 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in April 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Edward Seaga

Edward Philip George Seaga ( or ; ON, PC; 28 May 1930 – 28 May 2019) was a Jamaican politician. He was the fifth Prime Minister of Jamaica, from 1980 to 1989, and the leader of the Jamaica Labour Party from 1974 to 2005. He served as leader of the opposition from 1974 to 1980, and again from 1989 until January 2005.

Seaga died on 28 May 2019 at a hospital in Miami, Florida from cancer on his 89th birthday.

Avichai Rontzki

Avichai Rontzki (, October 10, 1951 – April 1, 2018) was the Chief Military Rabbi of the Israel Defense Forces. He served in the position from 2006 to 2010, with a rank of Brigadier General.

His predecessor in that position was Rabbi Israel Weiss. Rontzki was also the rosh yeshiva of the Hesder Yeshiva in the West Bank settlement Itamar.

His four years in office have led to several controversies. Some of his statements upset not only secular Israelis, but led many organizations outside of Israel to accuse him of inciting terrorism.

Michel Sénéchal

Michel Sénéchal (11 February 1927 – 1 April 2018) was a French tenor. He worked with French and Italian character roles in a repertory ranging from Baroque to contemporary works. Sénéchal was born in Paris, France.

Sénéchal also appeared regularly in operettas, especially by Offenbach, such as "Orphée aux enfers", "La Vie parisienne", "La Périchole", where his comic talent was shown to fine effect. As the years went by Sénéchal started concentrating on character roles such as Basilio in "Nozze di Figaro", Goro in "Madama Butterfly", the innocent in "Boris Godunov", Monsieur Triquet in "Eugene Onegin", and the four servants in "Les contes d'Hoffmann", which were his debut roles at the Metropolitan Opera on 8 March 1982.

Sénéchal died on 1 April 2018 in Paris at the age of 91.

Sven-Olov Sjödelius

Sven-Olov Sjödelius (13 June 1933 – 29 March 2018) was a Swedish sprint canoeist who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s. He won two gold medals in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics, as well as three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.

Sjödelius died of respiratory failure on 30 March 2018 at the age of 84.


Margarita Carrera

Margarita Carrera Molina (16 September 1929 – 31 March 2018) was a Guatemalan philosopher, professor and writer. She was a member of the Academia Guatemalteca de la Lengua and the 1996 laureate of the Miguel Ángel Asturias National Prize in Literature. She was born in Guatemala City.

Carrera died in Guatemala City on 31 March 2018 at the age of 88.

Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon

Madame de Maintenon (27 November 1635 – 15 April 1719) was a French woman. She became the second wife of King Louis XIV, even though the marriage was never announced to the public.

She was born ""Françoise d'Aubigné"", a daughter of Constant d'Aubigné and his wife Jeanne de Cardilhac. She was born in Niort, in western France. In 1652, Françoise married Paul Scarron As a result, she became known as "Madame Scarron". She eventually became a friend of Madame de Montespan and was to be the main governess of the children of King Louis and Montespan.

In 1675, the king gave her the title of Marquise de Maintenon after the name of her personal estate. This favour incurred Madame de Montespan's jealousy. At court, she was now known as Madame de Maintenon, as a result of King Louis buying her and estate at Maintenon. It has been suspected that Maintenon and King Louis a private marriage ceremony between October 1683 and January 1684. King Louis' wife Queen Marie Thérèse died in July 1683. As a result of her birth Maintenon would never be acknowledged as Louis' wife or as queen. She founded the "Maison royale de Saint Louis", a school for girls from poorer noble families, in 1684.

Luigi De Filippo

Luigi De Filippo (10 August 1930 – 31 March 2018) was an Italian actor, stage director and playwright. He was known for his movie role in "Non è vero... ma ci credo", "You're on Your Own", and in "Love Italian Style".

De Filippo died in Rome on 31 March 2018 of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 87.


Peg Lautenschlager

Peggy Ann "Peg" Lautenschlager (November 22, 1955 – March 31, 2018) was an American attorney and politician. He was the first chair of the Wisconsin Ethics Commission. 

Lautenschlager was Attorney General of the State of Wisconsin from January 3, 2003 to January 3, 2007. She replaced fellow Democrat Jim Doyle when Doyle was elected Governor of Wisconsin in 2002. 

Lautenschlager was the first woman in history to have been elected Wisconsin Attorney General.

Lautenschlager died on March 31, 2018 at her home in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin of breast and bone cancer, aged 62.

Abdul Latif Dayfallah

Abdul Latif Dayfallah () (1 January 1930 – 27 March 2019) was a Yemeni military officer and politician. He joined the Yemeni Army and received military training at the Egyptian Military Academy in Cairo where he acquired Nasserist sympathies. In the September 1962 coup, he held the rank of Major General and served as Director of Signals in the Yemeni military.

Dayfallah was the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic for 26 April to 5 October 1963, under President Abdullah as-Sallal.

P. J. Patterson

Percival Noel James Patterson, ON, PC, QC (born 10 April 1935), is a Jamaican politician. He served as the sixth Prime Minister of Jamaica from 1992 to 2006. He was the leader of the People's National Party from 1992 to 2006 and as the Member of Parliament (MP) from 1970 to 1980 when he lost to the Jamaica Labour Party Euphemia Williams, and again from 1989 to 1993. He served as the MP for Westmoreland Eastern from 1993 to 2006. He retired in March 2006.

Andrew Holness

Andrew Michael Holness, ON, MP (born 22 July 1972) is a Jamaican politician. He is the 9th and current Prime Minister of Jamaica since 3 March 2016. Holness previously served as Prime Minister from October 2011 to January 5, 2012. He succeeded Bruce Golding as Prime minister, and decided to go to the polls in the 2011 Jamaican general election in an attempt to get his own mandate from the Jamaican electorate. 

Andrew Michael Holness was born on 22 July 1972 in Spanish Town, St. Catherine Jamaica to Working class Parents, Father Morris Holness and Mother Sonia Harvey. Holness attended Primary school on 1 January 1979 and graduated in November 1984. 

He failed in that bid, however, losing to the People’s National Party (PNP) led by Portia Simpson-Miller, with the PNP gaining 42 seats to the Jamaican Labour Party (JLP) 21. Following the 2011 election defeat, Holness served as Leader of the opposition (Jamaica) from 6 January 2012 to 3 March 2016, when he once again assume the Position of Prime minister. 2021 Jamaica general election. 

Holness is the youngest person to have become Prime Minister in Jamaica's history, as well as the Country’s ninth Prime minister overall. He is also the first Prime Minister to have been born after Jamaica gained independence in 1962.

In 2022, during Prince William's visit to Jamaica, Holness told Prince William that Jamaica would become a republic by 2025.

Patrick Allen (politician)

Sir Patrick Linton Allen ON GCMG CD KStJ (born 7 February 1951) is a Jamaican politician. He is the sixth and current Governor-General of Jamaica since 26 February 2009.

Edward Zacca

The Right Honourable Sir Edward Zacca, KCMG, OJ, PC (26 July 1931 – 11 November 2019) was a Jamaican politician. He was Chief Justice of the Jamaican Supreme Court from 1985 to 1996. He served as acting Governor-General. Zacca served in that capacity from March to August 1991. He served as President of the Court of Appeal of the Bahamas from March 2000 to July 2001.

Zacca was a member of the Order of Jamaica. He died on 11 November 2019 at the age of 88.

Thomas Remengesau Sr.

Thomas Ongelibel Remengesau (28 November 1929 – 3 August 2019), also known Thomas Remengesau Sr., was a Palau politician. He was Vice President of Palau from 1985 to 1988, and acting President of Palau twice (1985 and 1988–1989), following the violent deaths of two presidents.

After the shooting of President Lazarus Salii in August 1988, Remengesau became the President of Palau until Ngiratkel Etpison was sworn in January 1989.

Alabama Vipers

The Alabama Vipers were an American football team in the Arena Football League that played in 2010. The team played in the Von Braun Center in Huntsville, Alabama. The team started as to the Tennessee Valley Vipers from 2000 until 2009. They then played as the Vipers. After that, in 2011, the team moved to Gwinnett County, Georgia and became the Georgia Force.

Cho Oyu

Cho Oyu () is the sixth tallest mountain of the world. Its height is above sea level. It is on the border of Nepal and China. The mountain was first climbed by Herbert Tichy, Joseph Jöchler and Pasang Dawa Lama.

Manaslu

Manaslu (, also known as Kutang) is the eighth tallest mountain of the world. It is located in Gorkha of Nepal. It's height is . The name 'Manaslu' came from the Sanskrit word 'Manasa' which means 'spirit'.

Jorge Wagensberg Lubinski

Jorge Wagensberg Lubinski (2 December 1948 – 3 March 2018), was a Spanish professor, researcher and writer. He was Professor of Theory of Irreversible Processes in the Faculty of Physics at the University of Barcelona from 1981 to 2016.

He was president of the European Collaborative for Science & Technology (ECSITE) between 1993 and 1995 and, in 2010, he was a founding member of the European Museum Academy (EMA). He collaborated regularly in the magazine Mètode and in the newspapers "El País" and "El Periódico".

Michael Tree

Michael Tree (born Michael Applebaum; February 19, 1934 – March 30, 2018) was an American violist. He was born in Newark, New Jersey. He played a circa 1750 Domenicus Busan viola from Venice, Italy. Tree played on a viola made by mid 20th-century luthier Harvey Fairbanks of Binghamton, New York.

Tree appeared as violin and viola soloist with major orchestras, including the Philadelphia, Baltimore, Los Angeles, and New Jersey. He was a founding member of the Marlboro Trio and Guarneri Quartet.

Tree died in Manhattan on March 30, 2018 of Parkinson's disease at the age of 84.


Maywood, California

Maywood is a small city in southeast Los Angeles County, California. At , Maywood is the third-smallest incorporated city in Los Angeles County.

It is bordered by the cities of Bell on the south, Vernon on the north and west, Huntington Park on the southwest, and Commerce on the east.

It is the most densely-populated city in California, and has the highest proportion of Latinos, immigrants, and undocumented immigrants in the county.


Annapurna Massif

Annapurna (Sanskrit, Nepali:अन्नपूर्णा) is a group of mountains in Nepal. It has one peak over , thirteen peaks over and sixteen over . The whole area comes under Annapurna Conservation Area. Annapurna I Main, the tenth tallest mountain in the world is a mountain of this group.

Himalchuli

Himalchuli is a mountain in Nepal. It is a mountain in a Mountain range called Himalayas. It is 18th tallest mountain in the Earth. It's height is 7893 m.

Bardiya National Park

The Bardiya National Park () is a national park in Nepal. In 1988, area was changed into this national park. Most of the part of this national park is covered by forest. 

About 53 mammals which includes rhinoceros, wild elephant, Bengal tiger, swamp deer, and Gangetic dolphin live in this national park. It is also home to many species of birds and reptiles.

Chitwan National Park

Chitwan National Park () is the first national park in Nepal. In 1973, area was changed into this national park. It was made World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1984.

Many species of wild cats and other mammals like rhinoceros, wild elephant can be seen in this area. Around 68 species of mammals and 543 species of birds are found in this area. This place is a popular place for tourism and research in Nepal.

Langtang National Park

The Langtang National Park is a national park in Nepal. In 1976, area was changed into this national park. It is the first Himalayan national park. 

There are 14 types of vegetations in 18 types of ecosystems in this national park.

Makalu Barun National Park

The Makalu Barun National Park is a national park in Himalayas of Nepal. In 1992, area was changed into this national park. 

There are 315 species of butterflies, 43 species of reptile, 16 species of amphibians, 78 species of fishes, 440 species of birds, and 88 species of mammals in this national park.

Rara National Park

Rara National Park is the smallest national park with the area of in Nepal. It was established in 1976. Rara Lake, one of the main lakes in Nepal is in this national park.

Around 51 species of mammals and 241 species of birds can be seen in this national park. Around 1071 species of plants can be found in this park.

Sagarmatha National Park

Sagarmatha National Park is a national park at the eastern part of Nepal. It is named after sagarmatha, which is another name for Mt. Everest. It covers an area of which is mostly occupied by Mt. Everest. It was established in 1976 and was made World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1979.

Wat's Dyke

Wat's Dyke is an ancient defensive earthwork between Wales and England. The dyke is earlier than Offa's Dyke, but runs along similar lines, just inside the line of the later dyke. It now looks insignificant, but originally it was a considerable construction.

The dyke consists (or consisted) of a ditch and a bank. The ditch is on the west of the bank. This suggests it was meant to keep the Welsh tribes out of the areas to the east which were occupied mainly by Germanic tribes. 

Excavations in 2006 suggested the time of building as 792852 AD. In the 820s, the Mercian king Coenwulf was fighting against a resurgent Welsh threat. That may have been the reason for the dyke. However, all previous datings suggested its being built much earlier, in the post-Roman era. 

The present boundary between Wales and England runs close to the two dykes, and the area is know as the Welsh Marches.

Monohorpur

Monohorpur is a small village on the bank of a picturesque Sal river (also called ) which is a tributary of . It is a village located in district of Indian state of West Bengal.

As they say in old Bengali proverb - “"bangalir baro mase tero parbon"”, people are very passionate about all traditional Bengali festivals. Although most of the festivals are rooted to Hindu religious belief but over the period the association faded and become more a social gettogether. The main festivals are "Durga Pujo, Laxmi Pujo, Kali pujo, Basanti pujo, Annapurna pujo, Sorossoti pujo, Nobanno, Rathajatra, Chobbis prohor nam songkirton,Doshohara, Soshti pujo, Shiv Ratri, Rondhro Kali mohotsov, Dol purnima, Bromhodoito tolar mela, Poila Boisakh etc." 

In Monohorpur village 528 people are workers out of total population. 43.75 % of workers describe their work as Main Work (Employment or Earning more than 6 Months) while 56.25 % were involved in Marginal activity providing livelihood for less than 6 months. 

According to Indian Census on 2011, Monohorpur village has a population of 1168 of which 600 males and 568 are females. In Monohorpur village, most of the villagers are from Schedule Caste (SC). Schedule Caste (SC) constitutes 47.86 % while Schedule Tribe (ST) were 23.54 % of total population in Monoharpur village. 

The village has one government run primary school. 

There is one main road (tar road/ Pitch road) which runs through the village. It connects the village to rest of the world. Most of the internal village alleys are of concrete. Village roads are not always well maintained. 

Historically the village doesn’t have any form of public transport. People must have go to Ballavpur bus stop which is 3 km away from the village for state run/ public buses. People mostly use bicycles, motor cycles in their daily life. Bolpur-Shantiniketan is the nearest railway station which is around 12 km away from the village. The village is about 170 km away from Kolkata international airport(Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Airport) and 60 km away from Andal airport (Kazi Nazrul Islam Airport) by road. 

Welsh Marches

The Welsh Marches is the area round the boundary between England and Wales. It is not very well defined. The border between the two countries has constantly altered, and many of the small towns have been, at various times, on one side or the other.

On the English side. the area was the Kingdom of Mercia. The fortifications known as Wat's Dyke and Offa's Dyke were built by Mercian kings. The market towns on the English side (such as Shrewsbury and Hereford) were garrisoned.

The term "March of Wales" was used in the Domesday Book of 1086. Over the next four centuries the Norman rulers established Earldoms for the "Marcher Lords", whose job it was to patrol the Marches. Dozens of small castles were built in the border area in the 12th and 13th centuries. From the castles the Norman lords could patrol and defend the area against against Welsh raiders and rebels.

Under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542 under Henry VIII, rule by the marcher lords was abolished in 1536. This had the effect of creating a single state and legal jurisdiction, "England and Wales". The powers of the marcher lordships were abolished, and their areas were organised into the new Welsh counties of Denbighshire, Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire, Brecknockshire, Monmouthshire, and Carmarthenshire.

In present-day Britain, the boundary between England and Wales is more or less ignored. In fact, one can cross the border without knowing it, except that painted on the roads on the Welsh side are strange words such as "Arif". Throughout Wales, all official messages are printed in both English and Welsh.

Office central de lutte contre les crimes contre l'humanité

The Central Office for Combating Core International Crimes and Hate Crimes (previously known as Central Office for Combatting Crimes Against Humanity, Genocide and War Crimes abbreviated "OCLCH" in French) is a French inter-ministerial service. 

The Office is attached to the French National Gendarmerie. It coordinates and directs judicial investigations. It works against crimes against humanity, genocide, war crimes and crimes of torture. Its agents search for the authors, co-perpetrators and alleged accomplices of those offences. If they likely to be on the French territory the Central Office can take action against them. 

The motto of the OCLCH is: "Hora fugit, stat jus" ("time passes, law remains"). 

The Central Office for Combating Crimes against Humanity, Genocide and War Crimes was created on 5 November 2013. Considering the offenses it is in charge of, it has the particularity of exercising its activity within the legal framework of universal jurisdiction. It regularly sends his investigators abroad using international rogatory commissions, to places where the facts have been committed. There, in co-operation with the local authorities, it gathers the elements useful to the manifestation of the truth. 

Like the Central Office for Combating Environmental Crime and Public Health (OCLAESP), the Central Office for Combating Illegal Labor (OCLTI) and the , the OCLCH is attached to the sub-directorate of the Judicial Police of the Directorate General of the National Gendarmerie.

The OCLCH maintains specific international relations and in particular with the foreign judicial units specialized in this same field. It is the single point of entry into France for its foreign counterparts (american FBI, german BKA, ...). As a mirror image, it is the recipient of requests for mutual legal assistance addressed to France by foreign states or international institutions (International Criminal Court (ICC), International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR), EULEX Kosovo, etc.).

Led by a brigadier general (NATO nomenclature: OF6) from the Gendarmerie Nationale, the general Jean-Philippe Reiland, the Office staff consists of 30+ civil servants, coming from the gendarmerie, the national police and the Ministry of Defense. It is completed by operational reservists.

In August 2020 a division was created within the OCLCH dedicated to the fight against hate crimes, in particular racist, anti-Semitic, anti-religious or LGBT-phobic acts. This creation was motivated by the fact that, although the decree creating the OCLCH already included the fight against hate crimes in its missions, there were relatively few commitments by the office on these subjects, because it gave priority to the fight against crimes against humanity, genocide and war crimes. However, the increase in hate crimes over the years, which have been poorly taken into account, led to the decision to specialise a group of gendarmes on this particular mission, with a strong emphasis on monitoring social networks. There are seven gendarmes who investigate full-time in this division. The division can be contacted in different ways: either by a report on the Pharos platform, or by the public prosecutor's office to which a complaint has been filed. Its work is done in collaboration with the national centre for combating online hate. 

On 21 December 2021, by Decree No. 2021-1738, the Prime Minister amended Decree No. 2013-987 of 5 November 2013 creating the OCLCH. This text clarifies the scope of the missions of this central office in terms of hate crimes, by setting out precisely the offences for which it is competent in this area. It also adds crimes of enforced disappearance to the list of the most serious international crimes for which the OCLCH has jurisdiction. 

The new decree also changes the name of this central office to "Central Office for Combating Crimes against Humanity and Hate Crimes" to better reflect its focus and activity.



Bob Beattie

Robert P. Beattie (January 24, 1933 – April 1, 2018) was an American skiing coach, skiing promoter and commentator for ABC Sports and ESPN. He was head coach of the U.S. Ski Team from 1961 to 1969. He co-founded the Alpine Skiing World Cup in 1966. His worked as a ABC included four Winter Olympic Games, from 1976 through 1988.

Beattie died on April 1, 2018 in Fruita, Colorado from a long-illness at the age of 85.

Fruita, Colorado

The City of Fruita (pronounced /ˈfruːtə/) is a city located in western Mesa County, Colorado, United States. It is bordering Colorado River on the southern edge of town. The population was 13,395 at the 2020 census. It was incorporated in 1894.


Bell, California

Bell is a city in Los Angeles County, California, near the center of the former San Antonio Township (abolished after 1960). Its population was 33,559 at the 2020 census. Bell is located on the west bank of the Los Angeles River and is a suburb of the city of Los Angeles.

At , Bell is the thirteenth smallest city in the United States with a population of at least 25,000.

Naya Rivera

Naya Marie Rivera (January 12, 1987 – July 8, 2020) was an American actress, model and singer. She was known for her role as Santana Lopez on the Fox television series "Glee" (2009–15).

She died on July 8, 2020 at the age of 33 in Lake Piru in Fillmore, California. Her body was not found until July 13. Police said that she had probably drowned in the lake.

As a baby, she appeared in Kmart commercials before she began acting.

Her career began with her debut role as Hillary Winston on the short-lived CBS sitcom "The Royal Family" at the age of 4 (1991–1992). She appeared in minor roles as a teenager in 2000s television programs. She later became well known for his role as Santana Lopez on the Fox television series "Glee" (2009–2015).

Rivera was signed to Columbia Records as a solo artist in 2011 and released a single in 2013, "Sorry", featuring rapper Big Sean.

Rivera made her feature movie debut as Vera in the horror movie "At the Devil's Door" (2014), and recurred as Blanca on the third season of the Lifetime television series "Devious Maids" in 2015.

In 2016, she published a memoir with TarcherPerigee, "Sorry Not Sorry: Dreams, Mistakes, and Growing Up".

In 2018, it was announced that she would be taking the role of school administrator Collette Jones in the YouTube Red series "".

Rivera was born in Santa Clarita, California. She was raised in Los Angeles.

From 2014 to 2018, she was married to Ryan Dorsey. The two divorced. She was also in a relationship with Big Sean from 2013 to 2014. They were briefly engaged.

Rivera dedicated her time to many charitable organizations including GLAAD, Stand Up to Cancer, The Trevor Project, The Elephant Project, and The Sunshine Foundation.

She was bisexual.

In late November 2017, Rivera was arrested and charged in Kanawha County, West Virginia with domestic battery against her future ex-husband Dorsey after she allegedly hit him in the head and face. In January 2018, the domestic battery charge was dismissed at the request of Dorsey.

On July 8, 2020, Rivera became a missing person after her four-year-old son was found alone in Rivera's rented boat at Lake Piru in Fillmore, California. The following day, Ventura County sheriff's department said that Rivera most likely drowned and died.

On July 13, 2020, a body was found. The sheriff of Ventura County said in a press conference that the body found was most likely Rivera. Rivera was 33 years old.

Michael Eavis

Michael Eavis CBE (born Athelstan Joseph Michael Eavis; 17 October 1935) is an English dairy farmer. He is the founder of the Glastonbury Festival, which takes place at his farm in Pilton, Somerset.


Libertyville, Illinois

Libertyville is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago. It is located west of Lake Michigan on the Des Plaines River. The 2020 census population was 20,579. It is located southwest of Waukegan and west of Lake Forest.

Die beste Show der Welt

Die beste Show der Welt (English:"The best show of the world") is the name of a German television show, which was first broadcast on April 30, 2016 on the private channel ProSieben. In the program, presenters Joachim Winterscheidt and Klaas Heufer-Umlauf present three independent show concepts. The studio audience decides after all six shows have been presented, which show wins the title of the "best show in the world" or the "worst show in the world". Every spectator in the audience has a voting device. These "remote controls" can also be used for the interactive design of the show. The moderator is Jeannine Michaelsen. In the third and fourth edition, Oliver Kalkofe commented on the events and judged the respective shows.

The program is produced by Florida TV and was awarded the German Television Prize in 2017.

Joko Winterscheidt and Klaas Heufer-Umlauf present three shows each with a length of about 20 to 30 minutes. The presented shows are partly new show ideas, but are also based on existing TV show formats, which are slightly modified and parodied. At the same time, the two of them may force each other to participate in a show once per appointment ("Joker").

In the first four episodes, the studio audience with voting devices determined the audience for the show shown, which was the TV viewer at home live as a graphic superimposed. This graphic was removed with Issue 5 of December 2, 2017. Each of the 600 people in the studio could switch on or off during the show, as if sitting at home in front of the TV, using their voting device, which acts like a remote control. Over the entire running time of the show could be switched on or off as often as they like. The course of the ratings was therefore close to how good or bad the show arrived at the studio audience. This was only visible to the television viewer at home, not for the studio audience. Until the second instalment of the program, a "cloud of light" consisting of white spheres fixed above the studio and illuminated with lasers was installed in the studio, which visualized the audience rating by their brightness. The more spectators from the studio audience turned on, the brighter the cloud of light became. Since the third edition, these are no longer available. At the end of a show, the average ratings are calculated and announced. The highest rating wins. Should the audience rate drop below 25% during a show, it will enter a "red area" (colored red on the graphic). This is now also audiovisually signaled in the studio (light turns red and the picture on the video wall in the background falls apart). If the ratings stay below 25% for more than one minute, the show must be cancelled and considered "cancelled". 

Since the fifth episode no quota is generated during the show. Instead, viewers in the audience at the end of the show choose the show they like best from all six concepts presented. "The worst show in the world" is also determined.

Joko or Klaas win a trophy for the "Best Show in the World", the German Television Award in an oversized version (referred to in the show as the "German Television Prize in XXL") as a parody of the real German Television Award.

Linea dell'Impero

The Linea dell'Impero(in English: "Flight of the Empire" or simply "Empire Line") was the longest flight made by the Italian airline "Ala Littoria" (precursor of Alitalia) in the years preceding World War II and was considered the most prestigious Italian air route of the time. It connected Rome with Mogadiscio in Italian East Africa, and from 1939 the route could be travelled without a change of airplane. The route was a key political and symbolic connection between Rome, the 'capital of Italy's Empire', and Italy's colonies in Libya and East Africa.

The line was opened after the Italian conquest of Ethiopia in 1936 and was followed by the first air links with the Italian colonies in Italian East Africa, which had begun in an experimental way from 1934. The route was enlarged to 6,379 km and initially joined Rome with Addis Ababa via Syracuse, Benghazi, Cairo, Wadi Halfa, Khartoum, Kassala, Asmara, Dire Dawa. There was a change of aircraft in Benghazi (or sometimes in Tripoli).

The route was carried out in three and a half days of daytime flight and the frequency was four flights per week in both directions. Later from Addis Ababa there were three flights a week that continued to Mogadishu, capital of Italian Somalia.

In 1939 the time taken to travel the route was reduced with the introduction of the new Savoia-Marchetti "Marsupiale", an aircraft that did not require change of aircraft. The flight lasted just 2 days and connected Rome to Tripoli-Cairo-Kassala-Asmara-Addis Abeba-Mogadiscio. In early 1940 it was the fastest and longest route in Africa and was the most prestigious line of Italian civil aviation.

In summer 1940, with the start of WWII the route was militarized and controlled by the "Comando Servizi Aerei Speciali". In the first months of 1941 it was definitively closed when Italy lost the Africa Orientale Italiana.

The Empire Line was opened using the three-engined seaplane CANT Z.506 in the stretch Rome – Benghazi/Tripoli and the three-engined land-based Savoia-Marchetti SM-73 from Benghazi/Tripoli to Addis Abeba and Africa Orientale Italiana.

In 1938 entered service the faster Savoia-Marchetti SM-75 with greater autonomy, capable of carrying a nearly 5000 kg load of mail and up to twenty-four passengers. This aircraft was used from the beginning of 1939 and made it possible -thanks to improved flight authonomy and top speed of 370kmh- to eliminate the change of aircraft, to reduce the number of stopovers and to shorten the travel time of a full day.



Dharahara

Dharahara (), was a nine storey building in Nepal. It was tall. It was at the center of Sundhara in Kathmandu. It was built by Bhimsen Thapa in 1832. The tower was destroyed by the 25 April 2015 Nepal earthquake.

Narayanhity Palace

Narayanhity Palace is a palace in capital city of Nepal, Kathmandu. It was built by king Mahendra in 1963. The palace has now been changed into a museum.

Nazca plate

The Nazca plate is an oceanic tectonic plate in the eastern Pacific Ocean. It is named after the Nazca region of southern Peru.

The region is off the west coast of South America. The ongoing subduction of the Nazca plate under the South American plate is largely responsible for the Andean orogeny. 

Fruitafossor

Fruitafossor was a termite-eating mammal of North America during the Upper Jurassic epoch (about 150 million years ago).

The description is based on a surprisingly complete skeleton of a chipmunk-sized animal. It was discovered in 2005, in Fruita, Colorado. 

The animal looked like an armadillo (or anteater) and probably ate termites in much the same manner as these animals do today (ants had not yet evolved). Other skeletal features clearly show that "Fruitafossor" was not related to armadillos, anteaters, or any modern group of mammal. This means that specializations associated with feeding on ants or termites have evolved many times in mammals: in "Fruitafossor", anteaters, numbats, aardvarks, pangolins, and echidnas.

Singha Durbar

Singha Durbar (; translation: "Lion's Palace") is a palace in capital city of Nepal, Kathmandu. It was built by Chandra Shumsher in June 1908. It was highly damaged by April 2015 Nepal earthquake.

Colchis Bulls

The Colchis Bulls (, "Khalkotauroi") are a pair of animals in the myth of Jason and the Golden Fleece. They were made of bronze. They could breathe fire. They were made by Hephaestus, the blacksmith of the gods. Hephaestus gave them to King Aeetes as a gift.

Boudhanath

Boudhanath is a stupa in Kathmandu city of Nepal. It has a large circular base which makes this stupa one of largest stupas of the world.

It is a famous religious place for Buddhists all over the world. It is also a popular tourism site in Nepal. It was badly damaged in April 2015 Nepal earthquake.

Rivella

Rivella is a soft drink from Switzerland, created by Robert Barth in 1952, which is produced from milk whey, and therefore includes ingredients such as lactose, lactic acid and minerals. It comes in seven varieties.


Dutch Rivella:


Saint-Amarin

Saint-Amarin is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Dīs Pater

Dīs Pater (Latin: “Father of riches”) was a god of the underworld in Roman mythology. Originally a chthonic deity associated with riches and fertility, he became commonly equated with the Greek god Hades alongside the Roman deity Orcus, and so came to be associated with the dark and dismal realm of the dead. The god's name, "Dīs Pater", was often shortened to simply Dīs, which came to be used as an alternative name for the underworld, as is the case in Dante's "The Divine Comedy", in which the City of Dis comprises Lower Hell.

Polybutadiene

Polybutadiene is a polymer, that is mainly used as synthetic rubber: It is made from the monomer 1,3-Butadiene. Polybutadiene has a high resistance to wear. About 70% of the production is used for tires. About 25% is used as an additive to improve the toughness (impact resistance) of plastics such as polystyrene and acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS). Polybutadiene rubber accounted for about a quarter of total global consumption of synthetic rubbers in 2012. It is also used to manufacture golf balls, various elastic objects and to coat or encapsulate electronic assemblies, offering high electrical resistivity.

Morris Halle

Morris Halle (; July 23, 1923 – April 2, 2018) was a Latvian-American linguist. She was a Institute Professor. He later became professor emeritus, of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was best known for his pioneering work with Noam Chomsky and Fred Lukoff and for his "The Sound Pattern of English" (1968) work with Chomsky. 

Halle died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on April 2, 2018 at the age of 94.


Lill-Babs

Barbro Margareta Svensson, known as Lill-Babs (9 March 1938 – 3 April 2018), was a Swedish singer, actress and television presenter. She represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1961 in Cannes with the song "April, april". She was also well-known for the song "Är du kär i mej ännu Klas-Göran?".

Lill-Babs died of heart failure complicated by cancer in Stockholm on 3 April 2018 at the age of 80.


Arrigo Petacco

Arrigo Petacco (7 August 1929 – 3 April 2018) was an Italian writer, historian and journalist. He was born in Castelnuovo Magra, Italy. He was special envoy, editor-in-chief and executive director of "La Nazione" and "La Storia Illustrata", and author of the homonymous monthly television program on the RAI.

In 1983 he won the Saint Vincent award for journalism and in 2006 received the Capo d'Orlando prize even for journalism.

Petacco died in Porto Venere, Italy on 3 April 2018 of liver cancer at the age of 88.

Consummation of marriage

The first time married people have sexual intercourse with each other, after their marriage is called consummation. One of the reasons why people get married is to have children. Many countries (and jurisdictions) have laws so that people who do not have sex with each other can have their marriage annulled (undone).

Tessa Thompson

Tessa Lynn Thompson (born October 3, 1983) is an American actress. She is of Afro-Panamanian, English, German, Irish, Mexican and Scottish descent. She was known for her role in the 2009 indie movie "Mississippi Damned". In movie, she starred as Nyla Adrose in the drama "For Colored Girls" (2010), civil rights activist Diane Nash in the historical drama "Selma" (2014), Bianca in the sports drama "Creed" (2015), and as Valkyrie in the superhero movie "" (2017) and in "" (2018).

On television, Thompson starred as Jackie Cook in the mystery drama "Veronica Mars" (2005–2006), Sara Freeman in the period crime drama "Copper" (2012–2013), and Charlotte Hale in the HBO science-fiction thriller series "Westworld" (2016–present).

Sara Gjoni

Sara Gjoni (born in Tirana) a is model and beauty pageant contestant. She won the title of Miss Albania in 2011 and represented Albania at Miss Model of the World in 2011. She won the title Miss Bikini in 2011. She also won title miss model of the best talent in dance.


Eugenio Beltrami

Eugenio Beltrami (16 November 1835 18 February 1900) was an Italian mathematician notable for his work on non-Euclidean geometry, electricity, and magnetism.

He was born in Cremona in Lombardy, then a part of the Austrian Empire, and now part of Italy. Beltrami first began studying mathematics at the University of Pavia in 1853, but was forced to discontinue his studies in 1856 because of financial hardship. He was appointed to the University of Bologna as a professor in 1862, the year he published his first paper. Beltrami later taught at universities in Pisa, Rome and Pavia. He died in Rome in 1900.

In 1868, (in "Essay on an interpretation of non-Euclidean geometry") Beltrami gave the first model of hyperbolic geometry. In Beltrami's model, lines of hyperbolic geometry are represented by geodesics on the pseudosphere. Beltrami provided the first proof that Euclid's parallel postulate could not be derived from the other axioms of Euclidean geometry.


325

325 was a common year.



Evert Kroon

Evert Gerrit Kroon (September 9, 1946 – April 2, 2018) was a Dutch water polo goalkeeper. He participated in three Summer Olympics, starting in 1968. After two seventh-place finishes Kroon won the bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Hilversum, North Holland.

Kroon died on April 2, 2018 in Amsterdam at the age of 71.

Carlos Alvarado Quesada

Carlos Andrés Alvarado Quesada (San José, January 14, 1980) is a Costa Rican writer, journalist, political scientist and politician. He was the President of Costa Rica from 2018 to 2022. He served as Minister of Labor and Social Security. 

On April 1, 2018 Alvarado won the presidential election by 61% after promising to support gay marriage.

Abel Pacheco

Abel Pacheco de la Espriella ( ; born 22 December 1933) is a Costa Rican politician and psychiatrist. He was President of Costa Rica between 2002 and 2006. He was a member of the Social Christian Unity Party "(Partido Unidad Social Cristiana" – PUSC).

Miguel Ángel Rodríguez

Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Echeverría (born 9 January 1940) is a Costa Rican economist, lawyer, businessman and politician. He served as President of Costa Rica from 1998 to 2002 and was briefly Secretary General of the Organization of American States (OAS) in 2004.

He stepped down and returned to his country to face allegations of financial wrongdoing during his presidential tenure in Costa Rica. On 27 April 2011 he was sentenced to 5 years in prison for corruption.

In December 2012, he was exonerated by an appeals court.


Anna Chennault

Anna Chennault, born Chen Xiangmei (June 23, 1925 – March 30, 2018), also known as Anna Chan Chennault or Anna Chen Chennault, was an American war correspondent and known Republican member of the US China Lobby. She was married to U.S. WWII aviator Claire Lee Chennault. She was born in Peking, China.

In January 1981, Chennault visited Beijing to meet the Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping, as a private citizen, but in fact as an unofficial diplomat representing the incoming Republican president Ronald Reagan, who was due to be sworn in as president on January 20, 1981.

Chennault died in Washington, D.C. on March 30, 2018 of complications from a stroke at the age of 94.


Claire Lee Chennault

Claire Lee Chennault (September 6, 1893 – July 27, 1958) was an American military aviator. He was best known for his leadership of the "Flying Tigers" and the Republic of China Air Force in World War II.

Chennault was twice married and had a total of ten children. From 1947 until his death in 1958, he married Chinese reporter Anna Chennault. 

Chennault was promoted to lieutenant general in the U.S. Air Force on July 18, 1958, nine days before his death on July 27, at the Ochsner Foundation Hospital in New Orleans. He died of lung cancer in New Orleans, Louisiana on July 27, 1958 at the age of 64.


YouTube headquarters shooting

Just before 1 p.m. PDT on April 3, 2018, an active shooter was reported at YouTube headquarters in San Bruno, California, United States. The suspect, armed with a handgun, approached an outdoor patio and opened fire. 

Three people were shot (including one who sustained critical injuries); an other person was injured while fleeing the building. Police reported that the shooter, a woman, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.

Two law enforcement sources told the Associated Press that a man who was wounded in the attack is believed to be the shooter's boyfriend, and said that the shooting is believed to have been motivated by a domestic dispute.
At 12:46 p.m., San Bruno police received a report of a shooter at YouTube headquarters. Aghdam's weapon had a capacity of 10 bullets, and she fired an entire magazine before reloading. Helicopter footage later showed a large hole and broken glass in the building's lobby door. Aghdam took her own life, two days before her 39th birthday. A coroner's report stated that she died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the heart; Police found no evidence of drugs or alcohol in her system.

The perpetrator was identified by police as Nasim Najafi Aghdam (Persian: نسيم نجفى اقدم; 5 April 1979 – 3 April 2018), a vegan activist and fitness personality of Iranian-Azerbaijani heritage. She was born in Urmia, Iran; her parents immigrated to Iran from the Republic of Azerbaijan. She immigrated to the United States with her family in 1996. She was a registered member of the Baháʼí Faith and described how veganism aligned with her religion. She was critical of Muslims and Baháʼís who ate animals. She lived with her grandmother in Riverside County, California, and posted content on Facebook, Instagram, Telegram and YouTube in Persian, Azerbaijani, English and Turkish. Her content went viral on Iranian social media and drew widespread attention. She had protested with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) against the use of pigs in United States Marine Corps training procedures for victims of trauma.

Aghdam purchased and registered a 9 mm Smith & Wesson semi-automatic pistol from The Gun Range San Diego, a gun dealer, on January 16, 2018. On March 31, 2018, Aghdam's family reported to the police that she was missing According to her father, she hated YouTube, and the family was worried she might be traveling to the company's offices.

Commerce, Texas

Commerce is a city in Hunt County, Texas, United States. It is on the eastern edge of North Texas and the northeastern part of the Dallas/Fort Worth area. The town is northeast of Dallas and south of the Texas/Oklahoma border. 

Commerce is the second largest city in Hunt County, with a population of 9,090 at the 2020 census.

The city is home to Texas A&M University–Commerce, a four-year university of over 12,000 students that has been in the town since 1894. Commerce is one of the smallest college towns in Texas.


Narrabeen Man

Narrabeen Man is the name given to a 4,000-year-old skeleton of a tall Australian Aboriginal man found during road works in Narrabeen, a coastal suburb North of Sydney, in January 2005.

Phoksundo Lake

Phoksundo Lake is a fresh water lake in Nepal. It is located in Shey Phoksundo National Park of Nepal. It is at the height of above sea level. The size of this lake is and it holds water.

Blue Nile

The Blue Nile is one of the main tributaries of the River Nile. Both the Blue Nile and the White Nile form what is known as Nile near Khartoum. The Blue Nile starts at Lake Tana in Ethiopia and flows through Ethiopia and Sudan. It supplies about 60 percent of the water of the Nile. Even though it has more water than the White Nile, it is seen as the biggest tributary of the Nile.

Shey Phoksundo National Park

Shey Phoksundo National Park is the largest national park in Nepal. It was established in 1984 and it covers an area of . Phoksundo Lake located in this park is the main feature of the park.

Russia Today

Russia Today also known as RT is an English-language channel in Moscow, Russia. It is on all the time and broadcasts from its offices in Moscow. It is used to tell people about urgent news and information. Many people say that the news at RT are not true quite often. About 700 million people watch the channel all over the world.

Boshruyeh

Boshruyeh is a city in western South Khorasan Province, Iran. It is the capital of Boshruyeh County.

Limos (mythology)

Limos (; Roman: "Fames") was the goddess of starvation in ancient Greek religion. She was opposed by Demeter, goddess of grain and the harvest with whom Ovid wrote Limos could never meet, and Plutus, the god of wealth and the bounty of rich harvests.

A. Philip Randolph

A. Philip Randolph (April 15, 1889 – May 16, 1979) was a social activist who fought for labor rights for African-American communities during the 20th century. During World War I, he attempted to unionize African-American shipyard workers and elevator operators and co-launched a magazine designed to encourage demand for higher wages. He later importantly founded the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, which by 1937 would become the first official African-American labor union.

In 1942, he received the Spingarn Medal from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. On September 14, 1964, he was awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom by the President Lyndon B. Johnson.

Ray Wilkins

Raymond Colin "Butch" Wilkins MBE (14 September 1956 – 4 April 2018) was an English football player and coach.

Wilkins began his career at Chelsea, where he was appointed captain at the age of 18. He later played for the likes of Manchester United, Milan, Queens Park Rangers, and Rangers. He won 84 caps for the England national football team from 1976 to 1986.

After his playing career ended, he worked as coach and manager with Queens Park Rangers, Fulham and Chelsea. He managed Jordan at the 2015 AFC Asian Cup and his last coaching job was as the assistant manager of Aston Villa later that year.

On 4 April 2018, Wilkins died of cardiac arrest at St George's Hospital in Tooting at the age of 61.

Manchester United

Rangers

England

Individual

La Llorona (song)

"La Llorona" (lit. "The weeping woman") is a Mexican folk song. The song began in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. Its origins are unknown, but composer Andres Henestrosa in about 1940 popularized the song and may have added to the existing verses.

One popular interpretation of the song is of the singer feeling trapped by this woman (La Llorona) who has fallen in love with him. If he even thinks about leaving her, she weeps. He tries everything in his power to leave her, but he is trapped by pity for the woman.

Another interpretation is that someone who was so in love with La Llorona climed the highest pine tree to see her, but because the pine tree was young and not solid enough, fell and lost their life. Thus proving that even in death, the admirer still loves La Llorona. "Y aunque la vida me cueste, Llorona no dejaré de quererte."

The song “La Llorona” is featured in the 2017 Disney-Pixar movie "Coco"; it is performed by Alanna Ubach (in the English version) and Angélica Vale (in the Spanish version) as Imelda Rivera.

Johnny Valiant

John L. Sullivan (born Thomas Sullivan; November 25, 1946 – April 4, 2018) was an American professional wrestler and manager. He was best known by his ring name, Johnny Valiant.

Valiant competed in the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF), which became the World Wrestling Federation during his time with the promotion. He won the World Tag Team Championship two times.

Valiant was struck by a pickup truck and killed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on April 4, 2018 at the age of 71.


Jeff Perry

Jeffrey Perry (born August 16, 1955) is an American Drama Desk Award-winning actor. He stars in the ABC political drama "Scandal" as Cyrus Beene. He was born in Highland Park, Illinois and studied at Illinois State University. He began his career in Chicago. He was a tough superior to Kevin Bacon's detective in the thriller "Wild Things" (1998).

His daughter is Zoe Perry. From 1983 to 1992, he was married to Laurie Metcalf.

Perry is known for his roles in "The Human Stain" (2003), "Hard Promises" (1991) and "The Grifters" (1990) as well as appearances on "My So-Called Life" (1994), "The West Wing" (2003), "The Practice" (2003), "Lost" (2005), "Cold Case" (2006), "Raines" (2007), and several episodes of "Grey's Anatomy" (2005).

National University of Chilecito

The National University of Chilecito (, UNDEC) is an Argentine national university in the city of Chilecito, La Rioja. It was started on December 16, 2002, on the Chilecito campus of the National University of La Rioja. It maintains schools of law, engineering, licentiate, technology, and education. 


Joan Allen

Joan Allen (born August 20, 1956) is an American actress. She was born in Rochelle, Illinois. She won the 1988 Tony Award for her Broadway debut in "Burn This".

Allen is also a three-time Academy Award nominee; receiving Best Supporting Actress nominations for "Nixon" (1995) and "The Crucible" (1996), and a Best Actress nomination for "The Contender" (2000). She also starred as Grandma in the 2015 movie "Room".


Powell County, Montana

Powell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,946. Its county seat is Deer Lodge.


Ma Long

Ma Long (simplified Chinese:马龙; traditional Chinese: 馬龍; pinyin: "Mǎ Lóng"; born 20 October 1988 in Anshan) is a Chinese table tennis player. In 2015 and 2017 he became World Champion in Singles, and in 2016 and 2020 he became Olympic champion.

Ma first appeared internationally in 2006, where he won gold with the team at the World Table Tennis Championships. In 2007 he apperead more internationally in appearance, which he rose in the world rankings. After good performences in the year, Ma won the Kuwait and Qatar Open as well as the World Tour Grand Finals. Nevertheless, he wasn't nominated for the 2008 Olympic Games. In 2009 he took part in World Championships for the first time, where he lost in the semifinal and bronze won. In 2010 Ma Long with the Chinese Team won gold at the World Championship. In the final they beat Germany 3:1. In 2011 took part in World Championships again, where he lost to Wang Hao in the semifinal again. So he won bronze again.

In 2012 he wasn't nominated for the Olympic Games, but Ma Long won gold at the World Championships with the Team again. He also participated in the same year for the first time at the World Cup, where he won gold after a final victory over Timo Boll. 2013 Ma lost the third time against Wang Hao in the semifinals at the World Championships. In the same year he won the World Tour Grand Finals and the German and Qatar Open. 2014 he won with team the goldmedal at the WTTC and Ma took part in the World Cup event, where he lost to Zhang Jike in the final. 2015 was his best year: Ma won the Qatar Open and won silver at the Kuwait Open. At the World Championships he won the first time gold in the singles event and was since this event Nr.1 in the world ranking. He also won the World Cup and the World Tour Grand Finals.

In 2016 Ma won for the seven time the WTTC with the team. In this year he won the Kuwait, China and Qatar Open too. 2017 won Ma for second time the WTTC in the singles categorie. In the final he beat Fan Zhendong. In June 2017, when he played the China Open he boycotted this event and must pay a fine from $20,000 dollars. After that, Ma Long played for a long time no events. In 2018 he won the German Open and is now the number 7 in the world ranking. At the WTTC the Chinese team won gold, he could win the China Open, but lost at the Japan Open to Tomokazu Harimoto.




Richland County, Ohio

Richland County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 124,936 people lived there. The county seat is Mansfield.

Pepper Pike, Ohio

Pepper Pike is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Blank cheque

A blank cheque is a cheque where a person has filled all the details, including his signature, but has not written the amount that is to be cashed by the other person.

The term is a metaphor meaning "there's no limit". It may used to describe giving someone unrestricted funds for a project, for example; "The city council gave the contractors a blank cheque to build the new library".

Isao Takahata

Takahata was the co-founder of Studio Ghibli along with long-time collaborative partner Hayao Miyazaki. He has directed movies such as "Grave of the Fireflies", "Only Yesterday", "Pom Poko", and the comedy "My Neighbors the Yamadas". Takahata's most recent movie is "The Tale of the Princess Kaguya".

On April 5, 2018, Takahata died at a hospital in Tokyo of lung cancer at the age of 82.


Eric Bristow

Eric John Bristow MBE (""The Crafty Cockney"") (25 April 1957 – 5 April 2018) was a professional English darts player.

He was ranked number one by the World Darts Federation a record six times, in 1980 and 81, 1983 to 1985, and in 1990. He was a five-time World Champion, a five-time World Masters Champion and a four-time World Cup singles champion.

Bristow died on 5 April 2018 after a heart attack in Liverpool at the age of 60.


Yuriy Abramochkin

Yuriy Vasilyevich Abramochkin ("Юрий Васильевич Абрамочкин"; normally rendered in English as Yuriy or Yuri Abramochkin, 11 December 1936 – 5 April 2018) was a Soviet and Russian photographer and photojournalist.

Abramochkin worked with Soviet and world leaders, politicians and celebrities, making among others the photos of Nikita Khrushchev, Leonid Brezhnev, Mikhail Gorbachev, Boris Yeltsin, Charles de Gaulle, Willy Brandt, Francois Mitterrand, Richard Nixon, Urho Kekkonen, Jacques Chirac, Bill Clinton, Yuri Gagarin, Ronald Reagan, Valentina Tereshkova and Elizabeth II.


Jeremy Piven

Jeremy Samuel Piven (born July 26, 1965) is an American actor and producer. He is known for his roles as Ari Gold in the comedy series "Entourage", for which he won a Golden Globe Award and three consecutive Emmy Awards, and as Spence Kovak on Ellen DeGeneres's sitcom "Ellen". 

Piven also starred in the British period drama "Mr Selfridge".

Jeremy Piven and Sister Shira Piven created The Performance which makes it's U.S. premiere January 7th at the Palms Springs International Film Festival. 

In October 2017, Piven was falsely accused of harassment and assault by three women. In January 2018, three more women accused Piven of assault.


Colorado Crush

The Colorado Crush were an American football team in the Arena Football League. The team began in 2003 and played in Denver, Colorado until 2008. They won the Arena Bowl in 2005.

Sheila Houlahan

Sheila Houlahan is an American actress and musician based in Seattle, Washington. Sheila is best known for portraying "Optima Prime" in the feature movie "Wallflower". In 2012, Sheila won an award in the "American Protégé"
International Voice Competition.

Sheila studied at the Manhattan School of Music and obtained a Bachelor of Music in Vocal Performance. In 2009, Sheila performed at the "Salzburg Festival" as a featured soprano soloist. She appeared on the Science Fiction TV series "Exceptionals" (2017), where she played the role of Ghania. Sheila also appeared in the feature movie "Wallflower" (2017), which was produced by Seattle based "Paradigm Studios".

Notably, in 2016 she performed as a headliner soloist at the CES Intel Live Show, Las Vegas along with Indian music director A.R. Rahman. According to IMDB, in August 2018, Sheila will appear on one episode of "The Wonderland Murders" (2018).



Logan (movie)

Logan is a 2017 superhero drama thriller action movie based upon the fictional character known as Wolverine.

The movie was directed by James Mangold. It deals with a story set in an alternate universe's future where an aging Wolverine coping with an old and senile Charles Xavier.

In an alternative future, half of the mutants have been killed by a group of mercenaries of Transigen named Reavers and no mutant children have been born for years.

An aged Logan, that has left his identity, and who is disguised as a normal human using his second name "James" and his surname "Howlett" as a fake identity faking to be a normal human to be leaved in peace, now Logan works as a schaeffer trying to get money to buy a boat for living in the ocean together with the now old and senile Charles Xavier, and the mutant albino Caliban as fugitives from the law.

Two years ago the Reavers found a way to manipulate Charles's powerful brain and through it they maked a psichic attack that killed and injured 6000 persons, their plan succeeded as Charles was indendtify as a threats for the world and the X-Mansion was closed with the survived X-Men's members escaped, this leaved Charles in a shock status that maked him have Alzheimer forcing his mind to forget all of that but also to having needs of medicins to being mentally sane and to not having psichic attacks.

The movie was one of the biggest hits of 2017. It earned more than $616 million worldwide. The movie got nominated Best Adapted Screenplay.



Frederick D. Reese

Frederick Douglas Reese, or F. D. Reese, (November 28, 1929 – April 5, 2018) was an American civil rights activist, educator, and minister. He was born in Selma, Alabama. He was known as a member of Selma's "Courageous Eight". 

Reese was the president of the Dallas County Voters League (DCVL) when that organization invited the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and Martin Luther King, Jr. to come to Selma to amplify the city's local voting rights campaign. 

Reese retired from teaching and from February 2015 until his death in April 2018, he was active as a minister at Selma's Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church.

Reese died on April 5, 2018 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 88.


Susan Anspach

Susan Florence Anspach (November 23, 1942 – April 2, 2018) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in movies during the 1970s such as "Five Easy Pieces" (1970), "Play It Again, Sam" (1972), "Blume in Love" (1973), and during the 1980s such as "Montenegro".

Anspach died on April 2, 2018 in Los Angeles, California of heart failure at the age of 75.


Salah Nooruddin

Salah Abdulla Nooruddin Nooruddin (; born 1963) is a significant Bahraini Businessman and entrepreneur. He is the current CEO of Envest Limited. 

Nooruddin is also the former chairman of Leeds United A.F.C.. In 2014 Nooruddin was removed as club chairman by the new owner of Leeds United A.F.C. He remained as a member of board of directors until April 2014 when he resigned from the board.

Tyrosine

Tyrosine (Tyr or Y) or 4-hydroxyphenylalanine is an amino acid.

Tyrosine is one of the 20 standard amino acids used by cells to make proteins. It is a non-essential amino acid, meaning the body can make it. Its codons are UAC and UAU.

Tyrosine can be synthesized in the body from phenylalanine. It is also found in many high-protein food products such as chicken, turkey, fish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, cheese, peanuts, almonds, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, soy products, lima beans, avocados, bananas and eggs.

It is called tyrosyl when referred to as a functional group or side chain.

The Mississippi Bar

The Mississippi Bar is the required group that attorneys in the U.S. state of Mississippi must join.

The Mississippi Bar was first a voluntary membership organization formed in 1821. However, this association ended four years later. It was restarted in 1886 but ended six years after that. In 1905 it was started again. During the Great Depression, membership declined because the public did not thing that the lawyers were ethical. So, the main lawyers in Mississippi got the state to pass its Unified Bar Act in 1932, which led to the current required Bar assocation.

Camden County, Georgia

Camden County is a county located in the southeastern corner of the U.S. state of Georgia. According to the 2020 Census, the population was 54,768. Its county seat is Woodbine, and the largest city is St. Marys. It is one of the first counties of Georgia, created February 5, 1777.


Peshmerga

Peshmerga () are the military forces of the federal region of Iraqi Kurdistan. The Peshmerga and other Kurdish security forces are responsible for the security of the regions in Iraqi Kurdistan. These forces include Asayish (intelligence agency), "Parastin u Zanyarî" (assisting intelligence agency) and the Zeravani (military police). The peshmerga was started in 1943, but built upon a traditional, strictly tribal pseudo-military border guard under the Ottomans and Safavids.

The regular Iraqi army is forbidden to enter Iraqi Kurdistan, so Peshmerga forces are the only security forces in the area.

Formally the peshmerga are under the command of the Kurdistan Regional Government's Ministry of Peshmerga Affairs. In reality the peshmerga force itself is largely divided and controlled separately by the two regional political parties: Democratic Party of Kurdistan and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan. Unifying and integrating the peshmerga has been on the public agenda since 1992 but the forces remain divided due to factionalism which has proved to be a major stumbling block.

In 2003, during the Iraq War, peshmerga were said to have played a key role in the mission to capture Saddam Hussein. In 2004, they captured key al Qaeda figure Hassan Ghul, who revealed the identity of Osama Bin Laden's messenger, which eventually led to the attack that killed Osama Bin Laden. In 2017 Peshmerga troops were part of the coalition that took back Mosul from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.

Taylor Stadium

Ralph and Debbie Taylor Stadium at Simmons Field (also Taylor Stadium at Simmons Field) is a baseball stadium at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. It is the home field of the Missouri Tigers baseball. It was also the home of the defunct Mid-Missouri Mavericks minor league baseball team of the Frontier League. It originally opened in 2002 and holds 3,031 people. The stadium was named for Mizzou alumni Ralph Taylor and his wife Debbie, who gave a donation to build the stadium.

Alabama Soccer Stadium

The Alabama Soccer Stadium was built in 2004 at the University of Alabama. The soccer field was the first home of Alabama soccer and saw its first action on Oct. 2, 1994, when Alabama played Furman University. 


Mortice and tenon

A mortice (or mortise) and tenon joint is a type of joint that connects two pieces of wood or other material. Carpenters have used it for thousands of years to join pieces of wood. It is used when the adjoining pieces connect at an angle of 90°. 

In its basic form, it is simple and strong. There are many variations. The basic mortice and tenon has two parts: the mortice hole and the tenon tongue. The tenon, on the end of a member (called a rail), fits into a square or rectangular hole in the corresponding member. The tenon is cut to fit the mortice hole exactly and usually has shoulders that seat when the joint fully enters the mortice hole. The joint may be glued, pinned, or wedged to lock it in place.

This joint is also used with other materials. For example, it is a traditional method for stonemasons and blacksmiths.

Tongue and groove

Tongue and groove is a method of fitting objects together edge to edge. It is used for wood flooring, parquetry, panelling, and similar constructions. 

Tongue and groove joints allow two flat pieces to be joined strongly together to make a single flat surface. Before plywood became common, tongue and groove boards were also used for wood-covered buildings and to construct concrete formwork (the wooden frames for concrete to be poured into).

Arjun: The Warrior Prince

Arjun: The Warrior Prince is an Indian animated movie. It is an action movie and was released on 25 May 2012 in India. It was produced by Ronnie Screwvala and Siddharth Roy Kapur under UTV Motion Pictures and Walt Disney Pictures. 

The movie is based on the growth of a boy Arjun into a warrior. This movie is little based on Mahabharat. 

Ahmed bin Ali bin Abdulla Al Khalifa

Sheikh Ahmed bin Ali bin Abdulla Al Khalifa () is a Bahraini businessman. He is a member of Bahrain's Royal family, the Al Khalifa family. He is the Chairman of Board of Al-Muharraq SC. He also is the chairman of Zain Bahrain.

Ahmed was born in Muharraq Governorate. He started his business career in Bahrain through the chairmanship of the boards of companies. It includes Zain Bahrain, Al Areen Desert Resort, and Al Areen Holding Company. He served as Vice Chairman of Al Muharraq Club from 1978 to 1989. He currently serves as its chairman since April 1994.

Zhang Jike

Zhang Jike (simplified Chinese: 张继科; traditional Chinese: 張繼科; born 16 February 1988 in Qingdao) is a Chinese table tennis player. He became the world champion in 2011 and 2013. In 2012 he won the Olympic Games. Zhang is the fourth man in history to win the Grand Slam.

In 2006 Zhang Jike came into the National Team. After two years he become the Chinese Master in the Singles. His first World Championship that he played, was 2011 in Rotterdam. Zhang came into the final and beat Wang Hao with which he became World Champion in singles. In the same year he won the World Cup, where his opponent was Wang Hao again. He is the third player in history after Jan-Ove Waldner and Jorgen Persson, who won these important titles in one year. In 2012 Zhang Jike was nominated for the Olympic Games in London. He competed in singles as well as team competitions, where he won gold in both. From June to December 2012 he was the number 1 in the world, because he won the Olympic Games in the singles. 

In the final at the World Championships 2013 Zhang played against Wang Hao and defended his title after defeating him. In 2014 he won the World Cup for second time. His final-opponent was Ma Long. At the WTTC 2015 he won bronze in the singles and gold in the doubles with Xu Xin. In the semifinals in the singles category he lost to Fang Bo. During this year he lost unusually often against non-Chinese players. Nevertheless, he was nominated for the Olympic Games 2016. Here he won the silver medal in singles and with the team the gold medal. At the Asian Cup in the same year he lost to Xu Xin the final at the singles category. In the Chinese Superleague 2016 he didn't play. In 2017 he had to stop because of a fever in the second round. At the World Championships he came to Round 32 only.

At the Asian Championships in the same year he came into the semifinals and won with the team the gold medal. At the China Open he lost at the Round of 32. And didn't play the year anymore. That's why in 2018 he was only ranked 78th, the lowest since 2008.





Golden Hind

Golden Hind was a large sailing ship whose captain was Sir Francis Drake. She was originally known by name "Pelican" but was later renamed by her captain in the respect of his patron Sir Christopher Hatton.

Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi

Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi is an American animated TV show created by Sam Register that premiered on November 19, 2004 and ended on June 27th, 2006.

The show is loosely based on Puffy AmiYumi, with cartoon versions of them as the main characters. Ami was voiced by Janice Kawaye and Yumi was voiced by Grey DeLisle.

Star Wars: Clone Wars (2003 TV series)

Star Wars: Clone Wars is an American animated television series created by Genndy Tartakovsky set after "" from Three Months after the Battle of Geonosis and before "" when Anakin turns evil. It serves as a spiritual predecessor to "".

The Clone Wars has begin as the Jedi Knights struggle to maintain peace in the galaxy and are forced to lead the Clone army of the Republic against the evil droids army of the Sith led by Count Dooku, General Grievous and other villians.

The series was intended to be one minute short length, but due to test screenings, they were extended to three minutes.
The first nineteen episodes released during 2003 and 2004 are three minutes long. The twentieth episode was eight minutes long. The last five episodes released during 2005 are twelve minutes long.
The series aired on Cartoon Network U.S and Cartoon Network Worldwide. First in U.S in 2003.

The seasons of the show was made in DVD released as Volume One for the first two seasons and Volume Two for the third and final season.

Alamania

Alamania punicea is a species of epiphytic orchids. It is the only species of the genus Alamania and is endemic to Mexico. There are two recognized varieties:



Louisville, Ohio

Louisville is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Mansfield, Ohio

Mansfield is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Richland County.

Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections

The government of Russia interfered with the 2016 United States presidential election to harm Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, cause political disagreements among American people, and help the campaigns of Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders and Jill Stein. 
On October 7, 2016, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said that the United States Intelligence Community was sure that the Russian government hacked into e-mail servers with the intention of interfering with the election.<ref name="DHS_10/7/2016"></ref> The ODNI′s January 6, 2017 report said the Russian military intelligence service (GRU) had hacked into the servers of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the personal Google email account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and sent the files to WikiLeaks.

In January 2017, Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper said that Russia had also interfered in the elections by creating fake news that was promoted on social media.

Burton Smith

Burton J. Smith (March 21, 1941 – April 3, 2018) was an American computer architect. He was a Technical Fellow at Microsoft.

Smith co-founded Tera Computer Company and from 1988 until 2005 he served as its chief scientist and a member of the board of directors. He was also the company's chairman from 1988 until 1999.

Smith died on April 3, 2018 at a hospital in Burien, Washington of complications from heart disease at the age of 77.


Andres Ammas

Andres Ammas (25 February 1962 – 4 April 2018) was an Estonian politician. He represented the Estonian Free Party in the Riigikogu. He was elected with 1,859 votes in the 2015 election. He was born in Tartu.

Ammas died on 4 April 2018 of a heart attack in Tallinn at the age of 56.

Cecil Taylor

Cecil Percival Taylor (March 25, 1929 – April 5, 2018) was an American pianist and poet.

Taylor was known as having been one of the pioneers of free jazz. His music is characterized as energetic, physical approach, producing complex improvised sounds. His piano technique has been likened to percussion, for example described as "eighty-eight tuned drums" (referring to the number of keys on a standard piano).

Taylor died at his Brooklyn, New York home on April 5, 2018 at the age of 89.



Jacques Higelin

Jacques Joseph Victor Higelin (18 October 1940 – 6 April 2018) was a French pop singer. He was born in Brou-sur-Chantereine, Seine-et-Marne.

He became famous in the early 1970s. Early in his career, many of Higelin's songs were blacklisted from French radio because of his controversial left wing political beliefs, and his association with socialist groups.

He began attracting popular attention through his live concerts, typically held in smaller venues, and released his first solo album, in 1971.

Higelin died on 6 April 2018 in Paris of colorectal cancer at the age of 77.



Invasion of Privacy (album)

Invasion of Privacy is the debut studio album by American rapper Cardi B. It was released on April 5, 2018, by Atlantic Records. Five singles have been released from the album: "Bodak Yellow", "Bartier Cardi"," Be Careful","I Like It" and "Ring". Two of the Singles(Bodak Yellow and I Like It) reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Don't Forget About Us

"Don't Forget About Us" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It is the third single from her tenth studio album, "The Emancipation of Mimi" (2005), appearing on the Ultra Platinum Edition of the album. It was released on December 13, 2005. The song became her 17th number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100, then tying her with Elvis Presley as having the most US number-ones by a soloist. It entered at number 81, was number one for two weeks, and spent a total of 21 weeks on the chart. It reached number 50 on the Year-End Hot 100 of 2006.

Critics compared the song to her previous single, "We Belong Together". Both songs feature a slow beat and instruments from a piano and a drum machine.

Larry Sharpe (politician)

Larry Sharpe (born July 12, 1968) is an American business consultant, entrepreneur, and political activist. He was born in Manhattan. He was a candidate for the Libertarian Party nomination for Vice President of the United States in 2016. He is founder and Managing Director at NeoSage.

On July 12, 2017, he announced his candidacy for Governor of New York for the 2018 election.

On April 13, 2020 it was announced that Sharpe would again seek the Libertarian Party's nomination for Vice President in the 2020 election, as the running mate of 2012 Libertarian vice-presidential nominee Judge Jim Gray.


Larry Sharpe

Larry Sharpe may refer to:


Kmele Foster

Kmele Foster (born October 31, 1980) is an American telecommunications entrepreneur and political commentator. 

Foster is co-founder and Vice President of the telecommunications consultancy TelcoIQ and is currently a co-host of the libertarian podcast "The Fifth Column".


Etelka Keserű

Etelka Keserű (née "Bérci"; 26 August 1925 – 1 April 2018) was a Hungarian economist and politician. He served as Minister of Light Industry between 1971 and 1980.

Keserű died in Budapest on 1 April 2018 of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 92.

Lou Henson

Louis Ray Henson (January 10, 1932 – July 25, 2020) was an American college basketball coach. He was born in Okay, Oklahoma. He retired as the all-time leader in victories at the University of Illinois with 423 victories and New Mexico State with 289 victories. Overall Henson won 779 games.

Henson is also one of only four NCAA coaches to have amassed at least 200 total wins at two institutions.

In 2005-2006, Henson was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma. He was treated with chemotherapy, but the cancer returned in 2007. In 2014, Henson was diagnosed with bone marrow cancer.

In 2014, he briefly came out of retirement to support the University of Illinois.

On February 17, 2015, Henson was selected as a member of the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.

Henson died from cancer in Champaign, Illinois on July 25, 2020 at the age of 88.


Soon-Tek Oh

Soon-Tek Oh (, "Oh Sun-taek" – also spelled as Soon-Taek Oh or Soon-Taik Oh or Soon-Teck Oh; June 29, 1932 – April 4, 2018) was a South Korean-American actor and playwright. He was born in Mokpo, South Korea.

Oh was best known for the voice of Fa Zhou in Disney's "Mulan" and the direct-to-video sequel "Mulan II". He has starred in many movies, and also acted in television series, including "MacGyver", "M*A*S*H," "Charlie's Angels", "Airwolf", "Magnum, P.I.", "Hawaii Five-O", "Kung-Fu", "Zorro", and "Touched by an Angel".

Oh died in Los Angeles, California on April 4, 2018 at the age of 85.


Jack Lord

John Joseph Patrick Ryan (December 30, 1920 – January 21, 1998), best known by his stage name, Jack Lord, was an American actor, director and producer. He was known for his starring role as Steve McGarrett in the CBS television program "Hawaii Five-O", which ran from 1968 to 1980.

Lord suffered from Alzheimer's disease for at least seven years before his death. He died of congestive heart failure at his home in Honolulu, on January 21, 1998, at age 77.


Fan Zhendong

Fan Zhendong (; born 22 january 1997 in Guangzhou) is a Chinese table tennis player. In 2016 he won the World Cup and become Vice- World Champion in 2017. 

In the world rankings Fan appeared for the first time in 2012, when he won alle four titles (Singles, Doubles, Mixed, Team) at the Youth World Championship. Because of good performances in the Chinese Trials, he was even nominated in 2013 for the men's competition at the World Championship. There Fan came to the Round of 32, where he lost to Zhang Jike. In the same year he won with the team the Asian Championship.

In 2014, Fan Zhendong with his team won the WTTC. At the Asian Cup he lost to Chen Chien-An. At the World Championship in 2015 he came to the semifinals, where he lost to Ma Long, but still won bronze. At the Asian championships in the same year he won all four titles. At the World Cup he became Vice- World Cup champion, because he lost in the final against Ma Long. In the World Cup in 2016 he won in the final against Xu Xin. Fan with his team won the World Championships again.

At the China Open in June 2017 he boykotts and had to pay a fine of 20,000 Dollars. At the Grand Finals he won gold in the singles category. After winning the Qatar Open in 2018 it's the first time that he's world number one. With the Chinese team he won the WTTTC, too.




SpongeBob SquarePants (season 11)

The eleventh season of SpongeBob SquarePants started on June 17, 2017. It started with the episodes "Patrick's Coupon" and "Out of the Picture." It ended on November 25, 2018 with the episode "Goons on the Moon." Stephen Hillenburg, the show's creator, was the executive producer. Marc Ceccarelli and Vincent Waller were the showrunners.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

5th century BC

The 5th century BC started the first day of 500 BC and ended the last day of 401 BC. The ancient Greeks became powerful in this time and won the Greco-Persian wars.

Sophocles is born.

Aleksandr Kurlovich

Aleksandr Nikolaevich Kurlovich (, English Alternate: "Alexandre Kurlovich"; 28 July 1961 – 6 April 2018) was a Belarusian weightlifter. He trained at Armed Forces sports society in Grodno. He was born in Grodno, Belarus.

In 2006, he was elected member of the International Weightlifting Federation Hall of Fame.
He was caught in 1984 entering Canada with $10,000 worth of anabolic steroids that he wanted to sell to fellow weightlifters.

Kurlovich died on 6 April 2018 at the age of 56.

Xu Xin

Xu Xin (; born 8 January 1990) is a Chinese table tennis player. He won the mixed gold medal at the World Championships in 2015. In 2013 and in 2017 he won bronze in the singles at the World Championships too. 

In 2007, Xu played in his first World Championships, where he came to the round of 16 in the doubles. The next years he played international activ and came under the Top 10 in the world. In 2010 he took part in the world-team Championships for the first time, where he won with the team gold. In 2011, he won gold in doubles and came to round of 16 in the Singles category. In 2012 he won gold with the team again. In the same year, he took part in the World Cup, where he finished in 4th place. In January 2013 he finished for the first time world number one.

At the World Championships in the same year Xu won bronze in the singles. In the semifinals he lost to Zhang Jike. Also he won the world cup over Vladimir Samsonov in the final. With the team he won the World Championships and the Asian Games. From March 2014 to March 2015 he was for the second time number one in the world. At the World Championships in 2015, he took part in three competitions. In the Singles he lost in the Round of 16 to Fang Bo. In the Mixed and Doubles category he won gold.

In 2016, Xu won for the fourth time the world Championships in the team event. At the Olympic Games he didn't play in the singles but won with the team gold. At the World Cup he lost in the final to Fan Zhendong. In 2017, at the World Championships he came to the semifinals and won gold in the doubles category. At the China Open 2017 he boycotted his Round-of-16-match, because the coach was supendend. In 2018 Xu Xin won with the team gold at the World Championships.




Archie Shepp

Archie Shepp (born May 24, 1937) is an American jazz saxophonist. He played in a Latin jazz band for a short time before joining the band of avant-garde pianist Cecil Taylor.

With 1972's "Attica Blues" and "The Cry of My People", he spoke out for civil rights; the former album was a response to the Attica Prison riots.

Shepp was also a professor of African-American Studies at SUNY in Buffalo, New York.


Oregon, Ohio

Oregon is a city in Lucas County, Ohio, United States. It is an industrial suburb of Toledo, located on Lake Erie, just east of the city. 19,950 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Pharoah Sanders

Pharoah Sanders (born Farrell Sanders; October 13, 1940 – September 24, 2022)

Saxophonist Ornette Coleman once called him as "probably the best tenor player in the world."

In 1968 he participated in Michael Mantler and Carla Bley's Jazz Composer's Orchestra Association album "The Jazz Composer's Orchestra", featuring Cecil Taylor, Don Cherry, Larry Coryell and Gato Barbieri.
Sanders died on September 24, 2022, at his home in Los Angeles at the age of 81.

Petr Braiko

Braiko Petr (September 9, 1918 – April 7, 2018) was a Soviet soldier. He served during the Second World War. He gained the status of Hero of the Soviet Union. He took part in seven raids by the guerrilla brigade of Sydir Kovpak. He was awarded Hero of the Soviet Union.

Braiko died on April 7, 2018 in Moscow of complications from bronchopneumonia at the age of 99. 


Pavol Paška

Pavol Paška (23 February 1958 – 6 April 2018) was a Slovak politician. He served as Speaker of the National Council of the Slovak Republic from 2006 to 2010 and again from 2012 to 2014. He was a member of the Direction - Social Democracy (Smer-SD) party.

Paška was a member of Prague Society for International Cooperation

Paška died of cardiac arrest on 6 April 2018 in Košice, Slovakia at the age of 60.


Nancy Roman

Nancy Grace Roman (May 16, 1925 – December 25, 2018) was an American astronomer. She was one of the first female executives at NASA. She was known to many as the "Mother of Hubble" for her role in planning the Hubble Space Telescope.

Roman died on December 25, 2018 in Washington, D.C. from a long-illness at the age of 93.


Margaret Hamilton (scientist)

Margaret Heafield Hamilton (born August 17, 1936) is an American computer scientist, systems engineer, and business owner. She was Director of the Software Engineering Division of the MIT Instrumentation Laboratory. It developed on-board flight software for the Apollo space program.

On November 22, 2016, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by U.S. President Barack Obama for her work leading the development of on-board flight software for NASA's Apollo Moon missions.


Daniel Chavarria

Daniel Chavarria (23 November 1933 – 6 April 2018) was a Uruguayan revolutionary, writer and translator.

Chavarria’s books are strongly critical of the violence in Fascism. Chavarria’s life and writings clearly show his communist and revolutionary background. He is a well known supporter of the Cuban Revolution.

In 2010, Chavarria won the National Prize for Literature, Cuba's national prize for literature and more important award of its type in Cuba.

Chavarria died on 6 April 2018 in Havana of kidney failure at the age of 84.


A Quiet Place (movie)

A Quiet Place is a 2018 American horror thriller science fiction movie directed by John Krasinski, who also stars alongside Emily Blunt. The screenplay was written by Krasinski, Bryan Woods, and Scott Beck. It was produced by Michael Bay. It is based on a story by Woods and Beck. It is about a family of four in a small New York state town who must live life in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound. 

"A Quiet Place" premiered at South by Southwest on March 9, 2018 and was released in the United States on April 6, 2018, by Paramount Pictures. It received very well reviews from critics, who called it a "smart, wickedly frightening good time."

Beagle 2

The Beagle 2 was a British Mars lander that was carried to Mars by the European Space Agency's 2003 "Mars Express" mission. It was an astrobiology mission that was designed to look for past life on the shallow surface of Mars.

The Beagle 2 was conceived by a group of British academics. It was led by Professor Colin Pillinger of the Open University. 

The spacecraft successfully arrived in orbit round Mars on 19 December 2003. It was going to land on the surface of Mars on 25 December. There was no contact at the expected time of landing. ESA declared that the mission was lost in February 2004, after several attempts to contact the spacecraft were unsuccessful.

"Beagle 2" fate remained a mystery until January 2015. Then it was found on the surface of Mars by a series of images from NASA's "Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter" HiRISE camera. The images suggest that two of the spacecraft's four solar panels failed to deploy, blocking the spacecraft's communications antenna.

The "Beagle 2" was named after , the ship used by Charles Darwin.

Freestyle Script

Freestyle Script is a cursive font designed by Martin Wait in 1981. Bold version of Freestyle Script was designed in 1986. Publishers of Freestyle Script are Adobe, ITC and Letraset. It has the few versions: Regular, Bold, SH Reg Alt, and SB Reg Alt.

Gill Sans

Gill Sans is a sans-serif typeface designed by Eric Gill. It was offered by the British branch of Monotype from 1928 onwards.

Gill Sans is based on Edward Johnston's 1916 "Underground Alphabet", the corporate font of London Underground. As a young artist Gill had assisted Johnston in its early development stages.

In the 1920s, Gill had become a prominent stonemason, artist and creator of lettering. He had begun to working on typeface designs. Gill was commissioned to develop his alphabet into a full metal type family by his friend Stanley Morison. Morison was a Monotype executive and a historian of printing. Morison hoped the new font would compete against a wave of German sans-serif families such as Futura.

Gill Sans was released in 1928 by Monotype. Gill's aim was to blend the influences of Johnston, classic serif typefaces and Roman inscriptions suchas on Trajan's Column. This, he hoped, would create a design that looked both cleanly modern and classical at the same time.

Offa bank robbery attack

Offa bank Robbery attack was a robbery which led to the death of 33 people.
The robbery was carried out in four commercial banks on April 4, 2018 at Offa local government area of Kwara State, Nigeria. According to the Commissioner of Police, Kwara State Command, 9 police officers were killed in the attack and the robbery lasted for one hour. The armed robbers used dynamite in the attack.

The leader of the robbery gang is Ayoade Akinnibosun. He is the chairman of Liberation Youth Movement, Kwara State. He studied Guidance and Counselling at Ekiti State University. According to Vanguard Newspaper, he confessed that he works for Bukola Saraki, the president of the Senate of Nigeria and Ahmed Abdulfatai, the governor of Kwara State.

Kwara State

Kwara State is one of the 36 states of Nigeria. It's located in north-central part of Nigeria and the state capital is Ilorin.

Ilorin

Ilorin is the capital of Kwara State, Nigeria.

Black Mirror

Black Mirror is a British science fiction television series. It was created by Charlie Brooker, who also writes the episodes. The series mostly explores dystopian futures that could happen because of new technology, with a dark and satirical tone. The show is an anthology series, which means it has new stories and characters every episode.

Robert J. LaFortune

Robert James LaFortune (born January 24, 1927) is an American Republican politician and engineer. LaFortune was mayor of Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1970 to 1978. He also helped initiate the start of the Indian Nations Council of Governments (INCOG). 

LaFortune left private business to serve three terms as Tulsa's commissioner of streets and public property from 1964 to 1970.


Ángel Peralta Pineda

Ángel Peralta Pineda, known as Centauro de las Marismas (18 March 1926 – 7 April 2018), was a Spanish rejoneador (bullfighter) and actor.

In 1954 he filmed alongside the rejoneador Bernardino Landete in scenes from the movie "La Princesa de Éboli" ("That Lady") by Terence Young and "Cabriola" in 1960, by Mel Ferrer.

He continued acting in the 1980s, fighting a few more years of seventy corridas.

He was awarded with the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts in 2013 by the Ministry of Education, Culture and Sport.

Peralta died of a respiratory failure on his farm in La Puebla del Río in Seville, Spain at the age of 92.

Rajgarh district

Rajgarh District is a district in Madhya Pradesh of India. It is 140kms away from Bhopal. It is an undeveloped district.

Rate (mathematics)

Rate is a ratio between two related quantities in mathematics. The most common type of rate is "per unit time". Speed, flux and heart rates are some examples of this type of rate.

Bohemian Forest

The Bohemian Forest is a mountain range in Central Europe. It extends from the Czech Republic to Austria and Germany.

Michael Goolaerts

Michael Goolaerts (24 July 1994 – 8 April 2018) was a Belgian cyclist. He rode for Vérandas Willems–Crelan. He was born in Lier. 

Goolaerts signed his first professional contract with Lotto–Soudal as a stagiaire, starting on 1 August 2016, before signing with UCI Professional Continental team Vérandas Willems–Crelan for the 2017 season. He made his debut in the Étoile de Bessèges,

During the 2018 Paris–Roubaix, Goolaerts suffered cardiac arrest and was flown to a hospital in Lille, where he died hours later at the age of 23.

Juraj Herz

Juraj Herz (4 September 1934 – 8 April 2018) was a Slovak movie director, actor, and screenwriter. He has directed for both movies and television.

He was known for his 1971 movie "Petrolejové lampy" and for his 1976 movie "Den pro mou lásku".

Herz died on 8 April 2018 of respiratory failure in Prague at the age of 83.

Chuck McCann

Charles John Thomas McCann (September 2, 1934 – April 8, 2018) was an American actor and television personality. He was known for his roles in "Far Out Space Nuts", "DuckTales", and "".

McCann died in Los Angeles, California of congestive heart failure on April 8, 2018 at the age of 83.


Ana Ofelia Murguía

Ana Ofelia Murguía (8 December 1933 – 31 December 2023) was a Mexican actress. She was born in Mexico City. Her early well known roles were in "The Queen of the Night" (1994) as Doña Victoria and as Doña Rosa in "Nobody Will Speak of Us When We're Dead" (1995). Her career began in 1968. In recent years, she is best known for voicing Mama Coco in the 2017 Disney-Pixar animated movie "Coco". Vega died of natural causes in Mexico City on December 31, 2023, at the age of 90.

Vanessa Marshall

Vanessa Marshall Stiller (born October 19, 1969) is an American actress, singer and model. She is most active in voice-over roles for animated series, movies and video games. by notable in voice over shows like, "Powerpuff Girls", "Dexter's Laboratory", "The Fairly OddParents" as additional voices, and "Nutri Ventures". In 2021, she was the voice of Nerdluck Blanko in "".

She is the daughter of actress Joan Van Ark and reporter John Marshall. She began voice-over work after being discovered at a one-woman show.

Li Xiaoxia

Li Xiaoxia (simplified Chinese: 李晓霞; traditional Chinese: 李曉霞; born 16 January 1988 in Anshan) is a Chinese table tennis player. With her team, she won gold five times at the world championships and gold two times at the Olympics. In doubles Li became the world champion three times and won gold twenty-one times on the world tour. After the Olympics 2016 she finished her career.

In 2006 she took part in the world championships for the first time. With the team, she won gold. After that, Li came under the best 10 players in the world rankings. At the world cup, where she took part for the first time too, Li came to the Quarterfinals. In the next year, she won silver in the singles and doubles at the WTTC, and at the grand finals she won gold. For her win at the world cup in 2008, Li was for the first time number one in the world. But she wasn't nominated for the Olympics in 2008.

In the next year, Li did not win a lot of big titles, except the Asian Games, so she fell back in time to 8th place in the ITTF-rankings. In the doubles Li Xiaoxia became the 2009 and 2011 world-champion and won the 2011 world tour grand finals, too. In the singles, she became vice-world champion. In 2012, Li was for the first time nominated for the Olympics, where she beat Ding Ning in the finals, and won gold. With the team Li won gold, too.

The lastest big title she won was in 2013: At the world championships she beat Liu Shiwen in the final and so became world champion in the singles. In the doubles she won the gold medal, too. At the grand finals in the same year she won gold in the doubles. In 2014 she won silver at the world cup, but at the world championships she lost in the semifinal to Liu Shiwen and won bronze. In the doubles she could win silver.

In 2016 she played her lastest biggest event: At the Olympics, where she came to the final and lost to Ding Ning she won silver. At the team event she won gold.




Ding Ning

Ding Ning (simplified Chinese: 丁宁; traditional Chinese: 丁寧; born 20 June 1990 in Daqing) is a Chinese table tennis player. She became olympic champion in Rio 2016 in singles and team category. She is a lefthanded-player and uses the Shakehand-style. 
In 2009 Ding played for her first time international: At the world championships she won silver. Therefore she came under the top 10 in the world rankings. At the asian championships she won gold in the singles, doubles and with the team. 2010 she was a part of the Chinese National Team that lost to Singapore in the final at the world championships in Moscow. In 2011 she finally put in the world rankings: Ding became world champion in singles, won three Pro Tour Titles , became vice-world champion in doubles and won the world cup at their first participation. In November 2011 she was for the first time number one in the world.

2012 she won gold with the team at the world championships. In the final they beat Singapore. In the same year Ding took for her first time part in the Olympics in London, where she won with the team gold and in the singles met Li Xiaoxia, where she lost and silver won. At the grand finals she won for her first participation silver in the singles. At the world championships 2013 she came to the semifinal in the singles category, but she lost to Li Xiaoxia again. Indeed she won silver in doubles.

In 2014, she beat at the world cup and at the Asian cup Li Xiaoxia and won so gold and came back to number one in the world. At the world championships 2015, she won gold in the singles, and was so two times world champion. In the doubles she won together with Li Xiaoxia silver. Also she won the world tour grand finals, but slipped on place three in the world rankings.

The year 2016 began good for Ding Ning: She became world champion with the team again and won for her first time gold in the singles at the olympics and with the team too. At the world championships 2017 Ding won for her third time gold in the singles and in the doubles she won silver. In 2018 she only played the world team cup, where she won gold with the chinese national team.




Santo Amaro, Recife

Santo Amaro is a neighborhood in the city of Recife, in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil. The population is 27,939 inhabitants, with a male participation of 12,680 (45,38) inhabitants and a female population of 15,259 (54,62) inhabitants. The majority of the population is between 25 and 29 years old, with a population of 13,258 (47.45%). With 8,474 households, it has an average of 3.3 residents per household, with a proportion of 55.32% of the women responsible for the household, and the value of the nominal monthly family income is 1,892.10. With 8,474 households, it has an average of 3.3 residents per household, with a proportion of 55.32% of the women responsible for the household and the value of the monthly average household income is 1,892.10.

Crouton

Croutons are small cubes of golden fried bread. They are used in salads and soup.

Barsha Siwakoti

Barsha Shiwkoti (born April 6, 1993) is a Nepalese actress & model. She started her career in Nepali film industry from her debut movie Nai Nabhannu La 2. She rose to fame from her second movie “Pashu Pati Prasad” which was one of the Superhit Nepali Movies. She has also done modeling in Nepali music videos. One of the best music video she had in her career was "Sanjha Pakha Ekanatama" by Nabin K. Bhattarai. Recently she has been cast in the hit movie Lappan Chhappan.

Shovit Basnet

Shovit Basnet is a Nepali Film Industry actor and director. He had directed dozens of super-hit Nepali films. He is the father of Nepali actor Salon Basnet. Basnet is the creative director of Nepali Film Industry.

Salon Basnet

Salon Basnet is a Nepali actor and model. He started his career in Nepali Film Industry as a child actor from the movie “Nepali Babu”. He rose to fame from superhit Nepali Movies “Hostel” & “Gajalu”. He is listed as one of the top actors of Nepal.

Priyanka Karki

Priyanka Karki (born 27 February 1987 in kathmandu, Nepal) is a Nepali actress, model, dancer , VJ and singer. She is one of the top actresses from Nepal. She is also Former Miss Teen Nepal. She has won many National Film Awards. She is a versatile Nepali actress well known by her superhit movies: Chakka Panja, Cha ekan Cha, Nai Nabhannu La etc.

Felix Chen

Felix Chen (; 9 July 1942 – 9 April 2018) was a Taiwanese conductor. He was resident conductor and music director of the Taipei Symphony Orchestra from 1986 until he resigned in 2003 under "extremely controversial circumstances." Every year Chen and TSO produced one or two operas, such as "Aida", "Otello" or "Turandot", which were major musical events in Taiwan.

Chen died at the age of 75 on 9 April 2018 in Taipei of liver failure.

Leonid Sokov

Leonid Sokov (; October 11, 1941 – 4 April 2018) was a Russian nonconformist artist and sculptor. He was born in Tvern, Russia. In 2001 he represented Russia at the Venice Biennale. He participated in the 2004 Gwangju Biennale in Gwangju, South Korea. He was known for his works being displayed at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City.

Sokov died in Copake, New York of a pulmonary embolism on 4 April 2018 at the age of 76.


John Miles (racing driver)

John Miles (14 June 1943 – 8 April 2018) was a British former racing driver, engineer, journalist and music executive. He participated in 15 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix.

His career began on 6 July 1969, in the Lotus 63 4-wheel drive F1 car for which he was the official Team Lotus test driver. He scored a total of 2 championship points with a fifth place in the 1970 South African Grand Prix.

In 1985 Miles founded 'Miles Music', a jazz recording company.

Miles died on 8 April 2018 in London at the age of 74.

Donald McKayle

Donald McKayle (July 6, 1930 – April 6, 2018) was an American modern dancer, choreographer, teacher, director and writer. He was best known for creating socially concert works during the 1950s and 1960s. 

McKayle was born in Harlem, New York.

His instructors included modern dance pioneer Martha Graham, Merce Cunningham, Anna Sokolow and Karol Shook.

McKayle was "among the first black men to break the racial barrier by means of modern dance." He worked with Martha Graham multiple times during his career.

His work for the concert stage, especially "Games" (1951) and "Rainbow Round My Shoulder" (1959), were his best known works. In addition, McKayle was the first black man to both direct and choreograph major Broadway musicals, including the Tony Award-winners "Raisin" (1973) and "Sophisticated Ladies" (1981). 

McKayle held an endowed chair in the Dance Department at University of California, Irvine, where he was the Claire Trevor Professor of Dance. He previously served on the faculties of Connecticut College, Sarah Lawrence College, and Bennington College.

McKayle died in Irvine, California on April 6, 2018 at the age of 87.


Pig War (1859)

The Pig War was a border dispute in 1859 between the U.S and Great Britain over the San Juan Island on the U.S-British border. This island is occupied by both British and American citizens. In 1859, a pig owned by a British employee of Charles Griffin got onto the farm of an American farmer named Lyman Cutlar. The pig fed on Lyman's potatoes and this made him kill the pig.

Marc Veasey

Marc Allison Veasey (born January 3, 1971) is an American politician. Veasey is the United States Representative for Texas's 33rd congressional district, winning the office in November 2012. 

Before, he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013, where he served as Chair Pro Tempore of the House Democratic Caucus. He is a member of the Democratic Party.


Frances Sternhagen

Frances Hussey Sternhagen (January 13, 1930 – November 27, 2023) was an American actress. Sternhagen appeared on- and off-Broadway, in movies, and on TV since the 1950s. She is known for her role as Richard Farnsworth's wife in "Misery" (1990).

She may be also best known to TV audiences as Esther Clavin, mother of John Ratzenberger's Boston postman character Cliff Clavin, on the long-running series "Cheers" for which she received two Emmy Award nominations.

On November 27, 2023, Sternhagen died of natural causes at the age of 93.

Hari Bansha Acharya

Hari Bansha Acharya (; born November 12, 1957) also known by his character Haribahadur, is a Nepalese actor, comedian, singer and writer. He is one of the most successful and respected comedians in the Nepalese entertainment industry. He is known for his method acting. He and Madan Krishna Shrestha make up the comedy duo Maha Jodi. He is well known for being able to play different kinds of parts. He is also a professional writer and has written famous books called "China Haraeko Manche" and "Hari Bahadur" After the death of his first wife, he married his second wife, Ramila Pathak.

Madan Krishna Shrestha

Madan Krishna Shrestha () also known as “Madan Bahadur” is a Nepalese actor and comedian. He is one of the most respected comedians in the Nepalese Film Industry. He is well known for his Versatile acting. He is one of the comedy duo, "MaHa Jodi" the other one being Hari Bansha Acharya. He has also written a book called "Maha Ko Ma" which was great hit in Nepal. His new movie Shatru Gate is listed as superhit movie of Nepali Film Industry.

Anmol K.C.

Anmol K.C. () is a Nepali actor and producer. He rose to fame from his superhit Nepali Movies Hostel, Jerryy, Dreams, Gajalu and Kri. He is highest paid actor and listed as one of the top actor of Nepal.



STOL

STOL refers to short take-off and landing aircraft. They only need a short runway for takeoff and landing. This type of aircraft is made to use short runways for take off and landing in high altitudes, hilly regions, and remote areas. 

An STOL aircraft has a large wing for its weight. These wings often use aerodynamic devices like flaps, slots, slats, and vortex generators. Typically, an STOL aircraft has lower maximum speed, but good payload lifting. The payload is critical, because many small, isolated communities rely on STOL aircraft for their transport link to the outside world.

Kohalpur

Kohalpur () is a municipality of Banke District of Bheri Zone which is located on Mid-Western Development Region of Nepal. Kohalpur municipality was established on 18 May 2014 by merging the two VDC called Kohalpur & Rajhena. The city of Nepalgunj is to the south of the region, and Ghorahi is to the west. It is six kilometres from the Indian border. It is one of the most developing city of Nepal. It is the centerpoint of roadway transport to East, West , North & South. It is listed on the Province 5 of Nepal.

Keki Adhikari

Keki Adhikari (; born February 2, 1989) is a Nepalese actress and a professional model. She is one of the successful Nepali actress. She has played dozens of Nepali Movies, Music Videos & Television Ads. She debut in Nepali Film Industry from her first movie called "Swor". She was widely recognized from superhit Nepali movie Shree 5 Ambare. She had won various National Film Awards. Recently she has produced Nepali Movie called Kohalpur Express.

Namrata Shrestha

Namrata Shrestha (born June 14, 1986) is a famous Nepalese model and actress known from her debut movie Sano Sansar in 2008. She gained fame with her romantic character in the movies November Rain and Mero Euta Saathi Chha. She has won many National Film Awards. She is well recognized by her movies, music videos, televisions ads, theatre productions, and modelling. She is ranked as the top actress of Nepal.

Union County, Georgia

Union County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,632. The county seat is Blairsville.

Ritva Vepsä

Ritva Annikki Vepsä (12 February 1941 – 30 July 2016) was a Finnish actress. She was born in Helsinki, Finland.

In 1970 she received a Jussi Award as the Best Leading Actress for her appearances in a Jörn Donner movie "Sixtynine 69" and a Risto Jarva movie "Ruusujen aika".

Vepsä died on 30 July 2016, aged 75, at her home from lung cancer.

Madeira, Ohio

Madeira is a city of Hamilton County in the state of Ohio, United States. The population of the city was 9,487 at the 2020 census.

Rekha Thapa

Rekha Thapa (born 21 August, 1982) in Morang Nepal is a Nepali actress, Model and film maker. Two years later of being top ten finalist of Miss Nepal in 1999, she debut in Nepali Film Industry from Nepali movie "Hero". Till now she has worked in more than 200 Nepali movies and has gained wide popularity in the Kollywood because of her glamourous role. She has also her own movie production house called “Rekha Films” She has won the CG Digital Film Awards for Best Actress, and she has won the NEFTA Film Awards for Best Actress in 2011 She was also elected as the central member of Nepali political party called Rastriya Prajatantra Party.

Red Hots

Red Hots are a type of hard candy. It has a hard red outer shell and a slightly chewier inside. They are called Red Hots because of their spicy cinnamon taste. After the spicy flavor, the candy produces a sweet flavor.

Red Hots come in a red box with flames on it, saying "Red Hots".

F'Murr

F'Murr or F'Murrr (March 31, 1946 – April 10, 2018) whose real name was Richard Peyzaret, was a French comics creator. He was most famous for the long-running series "Le Génie des alpages" ("The Genius of the Mountain Pastures").

In 1978, F'Murr was awarded Angoulême International Comics Festival, Best Comic Book for "Barre-toi de mon herbe".


John Lambie (footballer, born 1941)

John Lambie (19 March 1941 – 10 April 2018) was a Scottish football player and manager. 

Lambie made over 200 appearances for Falkirk and also had a successful time with St Johnstone. After retiring as a player, Lambie had three spells as manager of Partick Thistle, guiding them through a financial crisis and won promotion to the Scottish Premier League. 

Lambie also had spells as manager of Hamilton Academical and Falkirk.

Lambie died at the age of 77 on 10 April 2018 of pneumonia.

The Staple Singers

The Staple Singers were an American gospel, soul and R&B singing group. 

Roebuck "Pops" Staples (1914–2000), the founder of the family group, formed the group with his children Cleotha (1934–2013), Pervis (1935–2021), and Mavis (b. 1939). Yvonne (1936–2018) replaced her brother when he was drafted into the U.S. Army, and again in 1970.

They are best known for their 1970s hits "Respect Yourself", "I'll Take You There", "If You're Ready (Come Go with Me)", and "Let's Do It Again", which with one exception ("I'll Take You There") peaked on the Hot 100 within a week from Christmas Day. While the family name is Staples, the group used "Staple" commercially.

In 1999, The Staple Singers was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2005, the group was awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

The Staple Singers were inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 2018.


Pops Staples

Roebuck "Pops" Staples (December 28, 1914 – December 19, 2000) was an American Gospel and R&B musician. He was the patriarch and member of singing group The Staple Singers.

In 1998 he received a National Heritage Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts, which is the highest honor in the folk and traditional arts in the United States.

Staples was buried in Oak Woods Cemetery in Greater Grand Crossing, Chicago.


Mavis Staples

Mavis Staples (born July 10, 1939) is an American rhythm and blues and gospel singer, actress, and civil rights activist. She has recorded and performed with her family's band The Staple Singers, and also as a solo artist.

Staples was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1999 and the Blues Hall of Fame in 2017.


The Boyz (South Korean band)

The Boyz (Hangul: 더보이즈; stylised as THE BOYZ) is a South Korean boy group formed in 2017 by Cre.ker Entertainment. This group consists of 11 members as of October 22nd, 2019 and they officially debuted with "The First" mini album, which was launched on 6 December 2017.




Lincoln Castle

Lincoln Castle is a major Norman castle in Lincoln, England. It was constructed during the late 11th century on the site of a pre-existing Roman fortress. The castle is unusual in that it has two mottes. It is only one of two such castles in the country; the other is at Lewes in Sussex. Lincoln Castle remained in use as a prison and law court into modern times, and is one of the better preserved castles in England; the Crown Courts continue to this day. It is open to the public most days of the week, and possible to walk around the walls from which there are views of the castle complex, cathedral, the city, and surrounding countryside.

Nuclear arms race

The Nuclear arms race was a Competition between the United States, the Soviet Union and their allies to prove their greater
Power in nuclear warfare. It was done during the Cold War.

Saugat Malla

Saugat Malla (born 7 June 1991) in Nawalparasi, Nepal is a Nepali film actor and producer. He started his career from the superhit Nepali movie Loot which made him widely recognized all over Nepal. He rose fame from hit Nepali movies "Mukhauta" , "Soongava", "Lappan Chhappan", "Kabaddi Kabaddi" , Loot 2,"Fateko Jutta", & Fanko. In "Fateko Jutta", a romantic movie directed by Nikesh Khadka, he acted with Priyanka Karki and Kameshwor Chaurasiya. The film did not do well in the Nepali box office but audience love the chemistry between Malla and Priyanka Karki.

Omega Centauri

Omega Centauri (ω Cen or NGC 5139) is a globular cluster in the constellation of Centaurus. It is 15,800 light-years (4,850 pc) away, and is the largest globular cluster in the Milky Way. Its diameter is about 150 light-years. It contains about 10 million stars with a total mass equivalent to 4 million solar masses.

Omega Centauri is so different from the other galactic globular clusters that it may have a different origin from the others. It may be a core remnant of a disrupted dwarf galaxy.

In 150 A.D. Greco-Roman writer and astronomer Ptolemy catalogued this object in his "Almagest". Using a telescope from the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena, English astronomer Edmond Halley rediscovered this object in 1677, listing it as a non-stellar object. In 1715, it was published by Halley among his list of six "luminous spots or patches" in the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society".

Omega Centauri is one of the few globular clusters visible to the naked eye. It appears almost as large as the full Moon when seen from a dark, rural area. It is the brightest, largest and, at 4 million solar masses, the most massive known globular cluster in the Milky Way. Of all the globular clusters in the Local Group of galaxies, only Mayall II (orbiting the Andromeda Galaxy) is brighter and more massive. Orbiting through the Milky Way, Omega Centauri contains several million Population II stars and is about 12 billion years old.

The stars in the core of Omega Centauri are so crowded that they are on average only 0.1 light years away from each other.

SF9 (band)

SF9 (Hangul: 에스에프나인) is a South Korean boy band formed by FNC Entertainment. This group is formed after they won the reality show "d.o.b: Dance or Band", where they participated as "NEOZ Dance". SF9 debuted with "Feeling Sensation" single album, which was launched on 5 October 2016.

Their fandom name is Fantasy. Their fandom colour is called, "Fantasia Hologram". SF9 got their first win on January 16 2020. 

On October 5, SF9 dropped a music video called "Shine Together" dedicated to their Fans. At the end of the music video, they listed the names of the fans that sent them letters as a credit.




Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars

Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars (commonly abbreviated as SARPBC), is a vehicular soccer video game for the PlayStation 3. The game was released in North America in October 2008, and in Europe in February 2009. The campaign mode of the game is made up of a series of different mini-games, and tournaments against AI which can only be played in single-player mode.

A sequel, titled Rocket League, was released in July 2015.
Rocket League was released for the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows early in development, but in 2016, it was also released on Xbox One.
In 2017, it was released on the Nintendo Switch.

Amersfoort concentration camp

Amersfoort concentration camp (, ) was a Nazi concentration camp in Amersfoort, Netherlands. The official name was "Polizeiliches Durchgangslager Amersfoort", P.D.A. or Police Transitcamp Amersfoort. 

Between 1941 and 1945, over 35,000 prisoners were kept here. The camp was in the southern part of Amersfoort, on the city limit between Amersfoort and Leusden in central Netherlands.

Coat of arms of Switzerland

The coat of arms of Switzerland shows the same white cross as the flag of Switzerland, but on a red shield.

Treaty of Lausanne

The Treaty of Lausanne was a peace treaty signed in 1923 in Switzerland's city Lausanne, after Turkey had won the Greco-Turkish War in 1919 to 1922. It settles the border between Greece and Turkey and the other borders of Turkey. Other countries that signed the treaty were Italy, France, the United Kingdom, Japan and Yugoslavia.

Greece and Turkey still have disputes that are often focused on the question over the country that owns islands and rocks, most of which are uninhabited, in the Aegean Sea. In 1987 and 1996, those disputes almost led to military conflict.

Felony Disenfranchisement in Florida

In the State of Florida, persons convicted of a felony are stripped of their voting rights in addition to other sentencing. This restriction lasts for life, and the right can only be restored through special permissions from both the governor and the state clemency board. This practice is known as felony disenfranchisement and it is a common punishment across the United States, being law in 48 states (not practiced in Vermont and Maine). However, Florida is one of only twelve states that bans convicted felons from voting post-sentence and one of only four that maintains that ban for life.

Florida’s constitution was ratified in 1838 and with that felony disenfranchisement was established in Florida. Article VI section 13 of the original state constitution states, “Laws shall be made by the General Assembly, to exclude from office, and from suffrage, those who shall have been or may thereafter be convicted of bribery, perjury, forgery, or other high crime, or misdemeanor.” This law took effect in 1845 when Florida became a U.S. State and remained largely intact despite notable wording changes in 1868 and 1968 until 2007. In 2007, governor Charlie Crist amended the rules for executive clemency to permit felons to vote upon the completion of their full sentences.

Aegean dispute

Aegean Dispute is the name for a number of disputes between Greece and Turkey over sovereignty in the Aegean Sea. These disputes started in the 1970s. Since the early 2000s, both countries are trying to resolve them. The disputes fall into different categories:


Turkey has also talked about "grey" areas about the status of certain islands/rocks.

Filemon Vela Jr.

Filemón Bartolomé Vela Jr. (born February 13, 1963) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2013 until his resignation in 2022. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He served as an intern in Congressman Solomon P Ortiz’s Washington, D.C. office. Vela earned his J.D. from University of Texas at Austin School of Law in 1987.

From 2021 until 2022, Vela Jr. was the Vice Chair of the Democratic National Committee.

In March 2022, Vela Jr. resigned from the House of Representatives to go work at a law firm.


Relative dating

Relative dating is the kind of geochronology that determines the relative order of past events. The idea is to find the age of an object or event by comparing it to another object or event, or by using clues from the environment or circumstances where it was found. Relative dating is not about finding the absolute age. In geology, rock or superficial deposits, fossils and lithologies can be used to correlate one stratigraphic column with another. Before the discovery of radiometric dating in the early 20th century, archaeologists and geologists used relative dating to determine ages of materials. 

Radiometric dating, on the other hand, is a means of absolute dating. Relative dating can only determine the "order" in which a series of events occurred, not "when" they occurred. Even so, it remains a useful technique. Relative dating by biostratigraphy is the preferred method in paleontology and is, in some respects, more accurate. Steno's Law of Superposition states that older layers will be deeper in a site than more recent layers. This law was the 'relative dating' method of choice in geology from the 17th century to the early 20th century

Shrinkhala Khatiwada

Shrinkhala Khatiwada (, ) is a Nepalese model and Miss Nepal World 2018. She represented Nepal in Miss World 2018. She is the second Nepali after Ishani Shrestha to win Beauty with a Purpose Award and be in the Top 12 of Miss World 2018.

Ronali Amatya

Ronali Amatya (born 1996) in Kathmandu Nepal is a Nepali model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the title of Miss Nepal Interational 2018. She is 26th Miss Nepal International of the Nation. She has also won the Model Hunt Nepal in 2016 & won Miss Congeniality in Miss Rco International 2017 in Egypt.

Manita Devkota

Manita Devkota (born 1995) in Gorkha Nepal is a Nepali Model & beauty pageant titleholder of Miss Universe Nepal 2018. She defeated 25 participants in the Miss Nepal pageant which was held on 11th April 2018. She is 2nd Miss Nepal Universe of the Nation crowned by 1st Miss Universe Nepal, Nagma Shrestha.

Miss International

Miss International is a Tokyo based internationally recognized beauty pageant organized by The International culture Association which was created in California, USA in 1960. It is the fourth largest pageant of the world after Miss World, Miss Universe & Miss Earth.

Asmi Shrestha

Asmi Shrestha () (born June 30, 1993 in Chitwan, Nepal is a Nepalese model, many beauty pageant titleholder and celebrity of the Nation. She has won the title of Miss Nepal in 2016 and participants of Miss World 2016. She had also won the title of Best Evening Gown, Miss Photogenic & Miss Personality sub titles.

Mitzi Shore

Mitzi Shore (née Saidel; July 25, 1930 – April 11, 2018) was an American comedy club owner. She founded The Comedy Store in Los Angeles in 1972 and became owner two years later. She was born in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Through the club, she has had a huge influence on the careers of up-and-coming comedians for years.

Mitzi also founded Comedy Channel Inc. in 1982.

Mitzi died of Parkinson's disease on April 11, 2018 in West Hollywood, California at the age of 87.

Nikita Chandak

Nikita Chandak () (born 5 September 1995) in Urlabari, Nepal is a Nepali model and the title winner of Miss Nepal 2017. She has also won the Miss Popular Choice and Miss Confident titles. She also represented Nepal at Miss World 2017 pageant which was held in China.

Li Yaowen

Li Yaowen (; 1 May 1918 – 10 April 2018) was a general in the People's Liberation Army of China.

He was an alternate member of the 11th CPC Central Committee, a member of the 12th CPC Central Committee, and a member of the Central Advisory Commission.

38th parallel north

The 38th parallel (north) is a circle of latitude that is 38 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, the Mediterranean Sea, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

It's best known as the line that splits North and South Korea.

Zola Skweyiya

Zola Sidney Themba Skweyiya (14 April 1942 – 11 April 2018) was a South African politician. He was born in Simon's Town, South Africa. He worked in the cabinets of Presidents Nelson Mandela and Jacob Zuma.

Skweyiya was Minister of Public Service and Administration from 1994 to 1999 and Minister of Social Development from 1999 to 2009. Skweyiya was re-elected to the National Executive Committee of the African National Congress in 2007.

Skweyiya died at a Pretoria hospital on 11 April 2018 at the age of 75.


Flamen

In Ancient Roman religion, a flamen was one of fifteen priests assigned to major deities with state recognized cults during the Roman Republic. The most important of these were the three "flamines maiores" ("major priests"). They served as chief priests of the deities apart of the Archaic Triad. The other twelve were known as the "flamines minores" ("lesser priests"). All fifteen flamens were part of the College of Pontiffs, responsible for administering state-sponsored religion.

Roshni Khatri

Roshni Khatri () (born February 19, 1996 in Lalitpur, Nepal) is a Nepalese model, celebrity & beauty pageant winner of Miss Nepal Earth 2016. She has also represented Nepal in Miss Earth 2016. 

Marinette, Wisconsin

Marinette is a city in and the county seat of Marinette County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on the south bank of the Menominee River. The population was 10,968 at the 2010 census.

Crkvenica

Crkvenica is a Bosnian river. It is a right bank tributary of the Vrbanja River. 

Crkvenica rises between the northwestern slopes of Očauš and Šipraška brda mountains. It flows southeast at around above sea level. The river drains the central part of the northern slopes of the Dinaric mountain massif. Its mouth is in Šiprage (Kotor Varoš). It is long.

The river is known for its water mills; during the 1950s, there were about 18 of them.

The narrow area of the river's headwaters contains a watershed between the confluence of the Vrbas and the Bosna Rivers.

Tufa stećci on the Crkvenica riverbank is a relic of the Bogomil settlement in the twelfth century. The stećci was originally located at the confluence of the Crkvenica and the Vrbanja. The stones were quarried and built into the walls of the surrounding buildings, possibly due to belief in their miraculous properties. One of the most well-preserved tombstones is in its original location, submerged in the River Vrbanja.


Očauš

Očauš (pronounced like: "oh-chah-OOSH") is a mountain in central Bosnia. Most of it is in the municipalities of Kotor Varoš and Teslić. It is high (Mihailovac peak).

Očauš extends in the southeast - northwest, between the river basins of Vrbanja river and Ukrina. It is rich in forest goods and pastures. Villages and hamlets on this mountain include Upper Očauš, Lower Očauš, Mihajlovačka kosa, Tavani, Ðurđevac, Kilavac, Lepenica, Dolovi, Ceranska kosa, Počivala, Glavička kosa and Mosor.

Očauš is rich in water resources: water wells, streams and rivers.


Borobudur

Borobudur is a 9th century Buddhist temple in Indonesia. It is located in Magelang Regency of Central Java. The temple is made of gray andesite stone and has nine platforms topped by a central dome. Borobudur has 2,672 relief panels and originally had 504 Buddha statues. The central dome is surrounded by 72 Buddha statues within perforated stupas. Borobudur has a complex system of stairways and corridors with 1,460 relief panels, making it one of the world's largest collections of Buddhist reliefs.

It was built during the Sailendra Dynasty's reign in Java. Borobudur blends Javanese Buddhist architecture with other indigenous Indonesian traditions. The temple was later abandoned in the 14th century when people in started to convert to Islam. Thomas Stamford Raffles rediscovered Borobudur in 1814, leading to its preservation through various restorations, including a major one in 1983 by the Indonesian government and UNESCO. It is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Borobudur is the world's largest Buddhist temple and one of the most important archaeological sites in Southeast Asia. It is also Indonesia's most visited monument among tourist attractions.

Niti Shah

Niti Shah (born 1996) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepalese actress, model and Miss Nepal International Title titleholder. She has won most popular face of EnVogue and was declared first runner-up in Face's House of Fashion 2013. She represented Nepal at Miss International 2017 which was held in Japan. 

She has been featured on "TEENZ", "VOW", "Naari", "Navyaata", and many other fashion magazines. She has walked many times in runway for fashion shows, including TGIF Nepal Fashion Week.

Swim bladder

The swim bladder (gas bladder, air bladder) is an internal gas-filled organ. It helps many bony fish (but not cartilaginous fish) to control their buoyancy.

Fish with a swim bladder can stay at their current water depth without having to waste energy in swimming. The dorsal position of the swim bladder means the center of mass is below the center of volume, so it acts as a stabilizing agent. Also, the swim bladder is a resonating chamber, to produce or receive sound.

Swim bladders are evolutionarily closely related (i.e., homologous) to lungs. Traditional wisdom has it that the first lungs (simple sacs connected to the gut) allowed the fish to gulp air in oxygen-poor conditions. They evolved into the lungs of today's terrestrial vertebrates and some fish (lungfish, gar, bichir) and also into the swim bladders of the ray-finned fishes.

Barsha Lekhi

Barsha Lekhi () (born May 5, 1993, in Saptari, Nepal) is a title winner of Miss Nepal International 2016 and environmental activist. She is second runner up of Miss International Nepal 2016. She had also represented Nepal at the Miss International 2016 beauty pageant which was held in Japan on October 27, 2016. She also won Miss Popular title in Miss Nepal 2016.

Being environmental science student she has worked at NEFIN-REDD/CC Partnership Program. Currently She is pursuing her master's degree in Environmental Science from Jawaharlal Nehru University.

Hadrian's Mausoleum

The Mausoleum of Hadrian, now known as Castel Sant'Angelo is a towering cylindrical building in Parco Adriano, Rome. 

It was commissioned by the Roman Emperor Hadrian as a mausoleum for himself and his family. The building was later used by the popes as a fortress and castle. It is now a museum. The structure was once the tallest building in Rome.

Nagma Shrestha

Nagma Shrestha (Nepali: नगमा श्रेष्ठ) (born 10 November 1991) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali Model, Television presenter & producer. She is also the title winner of Miss Earth Nepal 2012 & directly nominated for Miss Universe Nepal 2017 by the organizer and represented Nepal in Miss Universe 2017. She completed her +2 study from United Academy & bachelors in business study from Time Business School.

Manushi Chhillar

Manushi Chhillar (born 14 May 1997) in Haryana, India is Indian model, winner of Miss India 2017 and the winner of the Miss World 2017 beauty contest. She is listed in 6th indian women to won Miss World beauty pageant after Priyanka Chopra. She also won the title of Miss Photogenic in Miss India competition.

Khichdi (TV series)

Khichdi Returns is an Indian television series. Which premiered on 14 April 2018 and airs Star Plus and features the same cast in the series.
The series was first launched in 2002, and aired two seasons.
The series tentatively titled Khichdi Returns.


Zhu Yuling

Zhu Yuling (simplified Chinese:朱雨玲; traditional Chinese: 朱雨玲; born 10 January 1995 in Mianyang) is a Chinese table tennis player. 
International she was first active in 2010, where she won the World Championships in the youth field. At the Asian Championships in the same year Zhu vice-champion in the singles and doubles. Moreover she won silver at the Japan Open in the singles and at the Australian Open silver in the doubles. This medals were her first at the World Tour. After coming on place 105 in the world rankings in July, she was in September on place 25. 

In the years after that she got numerous medals at Junior World-and Asian championships.

In 2013, her activity continued to increase. At the World Championships Zhu won two bronze medals. 

In the singles and in the doubles. At the end of the year she took part in the World Tour Grand Finals, where she lost to Li Xiaoxia in the quarter finals. 

In 2014, Zhu won gold with the team at the World Championships. Also she won the Swedish Open and the Kuwait Open. 

In 2015, she lost to Liu Shiwen in the quarterfinals at the World Championships, but she won gold with her in the doubles. At the Asian Championships she took gold. Because of the third place at the Asian Cup in the singles she took part at the World Cup, where she lost in the quarterfinals against Li Jiao. At the Grand Finals she won bronze in the singles and gold in the doubles.

In 2016, followed one more time gold at the World Championships with the team as gold as the Grand Finals for the first time in the singles category. 

In 2017, she won bronze at the Asian Championships. But she won silver at the World Championships in the singles and in the doubles, too. 

In September and October she beat twice Liu Shiwen at the World Cup and Asian Cup. Therefore she was for the first time number one.




Españolada

Españolada (translated in English as Typically Spanish) is a derogatory term to those artistic works that gives an exaggerated image of Spanish people based on stereotypes. One of the most notorious example is the Andalusian folklore, being (for example) flamenco very popular among foreign people.

This term has another meaning that focuses on any flamboyant and messy effort that actually is worthless, for example the expression:
This distortion about Spain would have its beginnings in the 19th century, when several European writers and artists from the romanticism era made popular the "Spanish Myth". One of those famous novels inspired in Spain were "Carmen" by Prosper Mérimée.

Regarding the cinema, it was created in the 1930s as a subgenre developed after the Spanish Civil War and Francoism. Some known productions were: "El turismo es un gran invento", "Amor a la española", "40 grados a la sombra", "Vente a Alemania, Pepe" and "Abuelo made in Spain" among others.

According José Luis Navarrete, these films were so popular because they gave the population an unrealistic and idyllic vision about how Spain should be.

Rojisha Shahi

Rojisha Shahi Thakuri (Nepali: रोजिशा शाही ठकुरी) (born september 17, 1993) in Lalitpur, Nepal is a Nepali model, dancer, actor and the winner of Miss Nepal Earth 2013 beauty pageant. She has represented Nepal in Miss Earth 2013 which was held in Philipines. She rose fame from her debut movie Aadha Love & second hit movie Gangster Blues. She is well known celebrity and Television presenter of the Nation.

Naskh (script)

Naskh is the name for all cursive scripts that are mainly used to copy texts that use the Arabic language.

Bradley, Illinois

Bradley (formerly North Kankakee) is a village in Kankakee County, Illinois. It has a population of about 15,000 people.

Sergio Pitol

Sergio Pitol Deméneghi (18 March 1933 – 12 April 2018) was a Mexican writer, translator and diplomat. In 2005 he received the Cervantes Prize. He was born in Puebla, Mexico. In the 1980s, he served as Ambassador to Czechoslovakia. He also served as a professor at the UNAM, at the Universidad Veracruzana in Xalapa, and at the University of Bristol in England.

Pitol died of complications from a stroke on 12 April 2018 in Xalapa, Mexico at the age of 85.


Carmen Stănescu

Carmen Stănescu (29 July 1925 – 11 April 2018) was a Romanian actress. She was born in Bucharest. She was known for her roles in "The Boors", "Premiera", and "Kingdom in the Clouds".

Stănescu died of cardiopulmonary arrest on 11 April 2018 in Snagov, Romania at the age of 92.

Karen Dawisha

Karen Dawisha (December 2, 1949 – April 11, 2018) was an American political scientist and writer. She was a professor in the Department of Political Science at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and the director of The Havighurst Center for Russian and Post-Soviet Studies.

Dawisha died in Oxford, Ohio on April 11, 2018 of cardiac arrest at the age of 68.

Oxford, Ohio

Oxford is a city in northwestern Butler County, Ohio, United States, in the southwestern part of the state. The population was 23,035 at the 2020 census. This college town was founded as a home for Miami University. 

In 2014, Oxford was rated by "Forbes" as the "Best College Town" in the United States, based on a high percentage of students per capita and part-time jobs.


Slide Hampton

Locksley Wellington "Slide" Hampton (April 21, 1932 – November 18, 2021) was an American jazz trombonist, composer and arranger. As his nickname implies, Hampton's main instrument was slide trombone, but he also occasionally played tuba and flugelhorn.

Hampton taught at Harvard, artist-in-residence in 1981, the University of Massachusetts, DePaul University in Chicago, and Indiana State University.

Hampton died on November 18, 2021 at his home in Orange, New Jersey at the age of 89.


Jeannette, Pennsylvania

Jeannette is a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. Jeannette was founded in 1888. 

The city got its name from one of the original city fathers, who wished to honor his wife by giving the new town her first name: Jeannette. The city celebrated its 125th anniversary in July 2013. 

The population was 8,780 according to the 2020 census.

Tim O'Connor

Timothy James O'Connor (July 3, 1927 – April 5, 2018) was an American character actor. He was known for his roles are Dr. Elias Huer in "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century", Jack Boland in "General Hospital", and Elliot Carson in "Peyton Place". He also had recurring roles on "Barnaby Jones" and "Dynasty".

O'Connor died of heart failure in Nevada City, California on April 5, 2018 at the age of 90.

Nevada City, California

Nevada City (originally, Ustumah, a Nisenan Maidu village; later, Nevada, Deer Creek Dry Diggins, and Caldwell's Upper Store) is the county seat of Nevada County, California, United States. It is located northeast of Sacramento and 28 miles north of Auburn.

At the 2020 census, the population was 3,152.

Auburn, California

Auburn is a city in and the county seat of Placer County, California. Its population was 13,776 during the 2020 census.

Auburn is known for its California Gold Rush history, and is registered as a California Historical Landmark.

Peyton Place (TV series)

Peyton Place is an American prime-time soap opera which aired on ABC in half-hour episodes from September 15, 1964, to June 2, 1969. It starred Academy Award-winning actress Dorothy Malone.

It is based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Grace Metalious. It aired a total of 514 episodes were broadcast, in black-and-white from 1964 to 1966 and in color from 1966 to 1969.

A number of guest stars appeared in the series for extended periods, among them such as Leslie Nielsen and Gena Rowlands, who won an Primetime Emmy Award for her role in the series. The series served as the first roles for such performers as Mia Farrow, Ryan O'Neal, David Canary, Mariette Hartley, Tim O'Connor, and Lana Wood.

Tatum O'Neal

Tatum Beatrice O'Neal (born November 5, 1963) is an American actress and author. She is the youngest person ever to win an Academy Award, which she won in 1974 at age 10 for her role as Addie Loggins in "Paper Moon". She also starred in "The Bad News Bears" (1976), "Nickelodeon" (1976), and "Little Darlings" (1980).

On June 1, 2008, she was arrested for buying crack cocaine near her Manhattan apartment building.

In 2015, she said she had begun dating women, while choosing not to identify as either lesbian, bisexual or heterosexual, saying, "I'm not one or the other."

Frank Skartados

Frank Skartados (; January 3, 1956 – April 15, 2018) was an Greek-born American businessman and politician. He is the Assemblyman for the 104th district of the New York State Assembly after defeating 14-year incumbent Thomas Kirwan in 2008.

Skartados was the Assemblyman of the 100th district from 2008 – 2010. Skartados lost to Kirwan in a 2011 election, but Kirwan died shortly afterwards. In March 20, 2012, a special election was held for the vacant seat, which Skartados won with more than 60 percent of the vote. He was re-elected for a full term on November 6, 2012 and on November 4, 2014 by 60% of the vote.

On April 12, 2018, Skartados was hospitalized in Newburgh, New York with a "serious illness" and according his chief of staff is "not likely going to recover". He died three days later of pancreatic cancer at the hospital at the age of 62.


Larry Harvey

Larry Harvey (January 11, 1948 – April 28, 2018) was an American artist, philanthropist and activist. He was born in San Francisco, California. He was the main co-founder of the Burning Man event, along with his friend Jerry James. He was also the president of the Black Rock Arts Foundation, a non-profit art grant foundation for promoting interactive collaborative public art.

On April 4, 2018, Harvey was hospitalized in San Francisco after suffering from a "massive" stroke and remained under critical condition. He died on April 28, 2018 at the age of 70.


Double factorial

Double factorial is a method of calculating how many times a number is repeated in a geometric equation. This way, we can calculate the number of times a product is used in its life-time.

The double factorial of "n" is written as formula_1. When "n" is a positive odd integer, formula_1 is defined as formula_3. When n is an positive even integer, formula_1 is defined as formula_5. By definition, formula_6.


Elena Poniatowska

Hélène Elizabeth Louise Amélie Paula Dolores Poniatowska (born May 19, 1932), known professionally as Elena Poniatowska (), is a French-born Mexican journalist and author. She began writing for the newspaper "Excélsior", doing interviews and society columns.

She is considered to be “Mexico's grande dame of letters” and is still an active writer.

Xalapa

Xalapa (often spelled Jalapa, ; ; officially Xalapa-Enríquez ) is the capital city of the Mexican state of Veracruz. In the 2005 census the city reported a population of 387,879. 

The municipality has an area of 118.45 km². Xalapa lies near the geographic center of the state and is the second-largest city in the state after the city of Veracruz to the southeast.

Silhouette

A silhouette is an image in outline only, usually filled in as black on a white background.

The inside of a silhouette is featureless.It differs from an outline. That shows the edge of an object in line form, but a silhouette is a solid shape. Silhouette images may be made in any visual artistic medium. The word was first used to describe pieces of cut paper, which were then stuck to a backing in a contrasting colour, and often framed.

Cutting portraits, generally in profile, from black card became popular in the mid-18th century. They were a cheap alternative to the portrait miniature. Skilled specialist artists could cut a high-quality bust portrait in a matter of minutes. Other artists, especially about 1790, drew an outline on paper, then painted it in, which could also be done quickly.

From its original graphic meaning, the term "silhouette" has been extended to describe the sight or representation of a person, object or scene that is backlit, and appears dark against a lighter background. Anything that appears this way, for example, a figure standing backlit in a doorway, may be described as "in silhouette".

Khalifa Haftar

Field Marshal General Khalifa Belqasim Haftar (; born c. 1943) is a Libyan military officer and the head of the Eastern Libyan National Army. He engaged in the Second Libyan Civil War. On March 2, 2015, he was appointed commander of the armed forces loyal to the elected, internationally backed legislative body, the Libyan House of Representatives.

He also has American citizenship.

On 12 April 2018, it was reported that Haftar is in a coma after suffering a stroke and was hospitalized under intensive care in Paris. On 25 April, it was confirmed that Haftar is alive and was transported to Benghazi following treatment in Pairs.

In November 2021, Haftar announced his candidacy for President of Libya in the upcoming elections.


Minka Kelly

Minka Kelly (born Minka Dumont Dufay; June 24, 1980) is an American actress. She is most known for her roles in the television shows "Friday Night Lights" (2006–2009), "Parenthood" (2010–2011), "Charlie's Angels" (2011), and "Almost Human" (2013).

In movies, she starred as Autumn in the 2009 movie "500 Days of Summer" and as Jackie Kennedy in Lee Daniels' 2013 movie "The Butler".

Kempele

Kempele is a municipality in northern Finland. There were 17,499 people living there on 31 August 2017. Kempele borders Liminka, Oulu and Tyrnävä.

Kempele was founded in 1867.


United States National Economic Council

The National Economic Council (NEC) of the United States is the principal forum used by the President of the United States for considering economic policy matters, separate from matters relating to domestic policy, which are the domain of the Domestic Policy Council.


Robert Rubin

Robert Edward "Bob" Rubin (born August 29, 1938) is an American lawyer, former cabinet member, and retired banking executive. He served as the 70th United States Secretary of the Treasury during the Clinton administration. Before his government service, he spent 26 years at Goldman Sachs, eventually serving as a member of the board and co-chairman from 1990 to 1992.


Stephen Friedman

Stephen "Steve" Friedman (born December 21, 1937) is an American intelligence officer and businessman. He was the former chairman of the United States President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board. He was nominated on October 27, 2005, to replace Brent Scowcroft in the position. He served as the 5th Director of the National Economic Council from 2002 to 2005.

Mickey Kantor

Michael Kantor (born August 7, 1939) is an American politician and lawyer. After serving as the Clinton-Gore campaign chair in 1992, Kantor was appointed United States Trade Representative, holding that office from 1993 to 1996. He was, in 1996 and 1997, United States Secretary of Commerce.


John Albert Knebel

John Albert Knebel (born October 4, 1936) is an American government official. He served as Secretary of Agriculture under President Gerald Ford serving from November 4, 1976 through January 20, 1977.

His period in this office was brief and ended January 20, 1977, when Jimmy Carter replaced Ford in the White House.


Stratigraphic column

A straticgraphic column is a tool used in geology and related fields: It will show the different layers (or strata) which are present at a site. The oldest layer will be on the bottom, and the newest one on top. 

Norman R. Augustine

Norman Ralph Augustine (born July 27, 1935) is an American aerospace businessman. He served as United States Under Secretary of the Army from 1975 to 1977. Augustine served as chairman of the Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans Committee.


Gordon R. England

Gordon Richard England (born September 15, 1937) is an American businessman. He served as the U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense and twice as U.S. Secretary of the Navy in the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush.


Hansford T. Johnson

Hansford Tillman Johnson (born January 3, 1936) is a retired four-star general in the U.S. Air Force. He served as the Acting United States Secretary of the Navy in the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush. He is the only retired Air Force officer to ever hold that position. 


Robert B. Pirie Jr.

Robert B. Pirie Jr. (born September 10, 1933) is a retired United States Navy officer and politician. He was born in San Diego, California. Pirie served as acting United States Secretary of the Navy until the nomination and confirmation of an appointee by President George W. Bush from January to September 2001.


Thomas C. Reed

Thomas Care Reed (born March 1, 1934) was the 11th Secretary of the Air Force from January 2, 1976 – April 6, 1977 under Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter.

Shristi Shrestha

Shristi Shrestha ( (born October 18, 1989) in Chitwan, Nepal is a Nepali actress, model and the title winner of Miss Nepal 2012. She won Miss Nepal title, beating 16 other contestants of Miss Nepal 2012 beauty pageant. She also represented Nepal in Miss World 2012 in China. She won Public Choice Award in Miss World 2012 & also selected in Top 10 Dancers. She is famous Nepali celebrity and rose fame from her debut moive Gajalu which was superhit in Nepal.


Edward C. Aldridge Jr.

Edward "Pete" Cleveland Aldridge Jr. (born August 18, 1938) is an American politician. He has served in many top U.S. Defense Department and defense industry jobs, including as Under Secretary of the Air Force from 1981 to 1986, Director of the National Reconnaissance Office 1981-1988, and as the Secretary of the Air Force from 1986 to 1988.

Gordon R. Sullivan

Gordon Russell Sullivan (September 25, 1937 – January 2, 2024) was a United States Army general. He served as the 32nd Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Sullivan also served as Acting Secretary of the Army. 

Sullivan died on January 2, 2024 at his home in Falmouth, Massachusetts at the age of 86.


Merrill McPeak

Merrill Anthony "Tony" McPeak (born January 9, 1936) is a retired 4-star general in the United States Air Force. His final assignment before retirement was as the 14th Chief of Staff of the Air Force from 1990 to 1994.

In 1993, McPeak served as Acting Secretary of the Air Force, before Sheila E. Widnall was appointed by President Bill Clinton.


Donald Rice

Donald Blessing Rice (born June 4, 1939) is an American businessman and senior government official. He has been president and chief executive officer of several large companies including RAND Corporation. Rice also served as the seventeenth Secretary of the Air Force, 1989–93.


James G. Roche

James Gerard Roche (born December 16, 1939) is an American politician. He was the 20th Secretary of the Air Force, serving from January 20, 2001 to January 20, 2005. Roche served in the United States Navy for 23 years, and as an executive with Northrop Grumman.

Lawrence J. Delaney

Lawrence John Delaney (born 1935) is a United States scientist and businessman. He served as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition) from 1999 to 2001, and briefly as Acting United States Secretary of the Air Force in 2001.

In 2003, he joined L-3 Communications / Titan Corp., becoming its president and CEO.

A Regular Epic Final Battle

"A Regular Epic Final Battle" is the series finale of "Regular Show", and also the 3rd special of the eighth season and 28th overall . It aired on January 16, 2017 on Cartoon Network. Part one is 11 minutes long and part two is 22 minutes long and split into two parts.

The episode aired on January 16, 2017 and the first part was watched by 1.33 million viewers, while the second part was watched by 1.37 million viewers, making it the most viewed episode of the season.

Potomac, Maryland

Potomac () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States, named for the nearby Potomac River. In the 2020 United States Census, the population was 47,018.

In 2013, CNNMoney listed Potomac as the most affluent town in all the United States based on median household income. Potomac is also the seventh-most top-educated American small town according to "Forbes".

In 2018, data from the American Community Survey revealed that Potomac was the sixth-richest city in the United States.

Millennium University

The Millennium University or TMU is a Bangladeshi private university. This university was established in 2004 by Khan Foundation.

Chen Meng

Chen Meng ( born 15 January 1994 in Qingdao) is a female Chinese table tennis player.

In 2007 and 2008, Chen Meng won the championship playing in both singles and in doubles in Asian Championship. She won 7 medals in 2008, 2009, and 2011. 

In 2010, Chen took part in the Australian Open where she beat Kasumi Ishikawa, but lost to Zhu Yuling. 

In the U21-competion, she reached the semifinals. By 2012, she won her first goldmedal by the adults at the Qatar Open, while winning gold at the Kuwait Open in the doubles. 

At the World Tour Grand Finals she beat Ai Fukuhara in the quarterfinals while losing 3:4 against Ding Ning in the semifinals. 

Her first World Championships she played in 2013, where she in the round of 16 lost to Li Xiaoxia, but won bronze in the doubles. At the Asian Championships Chen won bronze in the singles and in the mixed category, in the team event she won gold, and in the doubles, too. 2014 Chen became World Champion with the team and wo gold at the Asian Games in the singles category. 

In the doubles she won gold, too. At the World Championships 2015 she only took part in the mixed category, where she lost in the round of 32. At the Grand Finals she came to the final, where she lost for her second time against Ding Ning.

At the World Championships 2016 she won gold with the team and became Vice Asian Champion in the singles. 

In 2017, Meng won gold in the singles and doubles at the Qatar Open. 

She became Vice Asian Champion in the Asian Championships, but eventually lost to Miu Hirano in the singles game. 

In the doubles, she won silver together with Zhu Yuling. At the Grand Finals she won gold in the singles and doubles. Therefore she became for the first time number one.

William Wilfred Campbell

William Wilfred Campbell (1 June 1860 – 1 January 1918) was a Canadian poet. He is one of the Confederation Poets, a group of poets born during Canada's Confederation (in 1860s). By the end of the 19th century, he was thought as the "unofficial poet laureate of Canada."

William Wilfred Campbell Poetry Festival is an Arts festival founded and directed by Paul Kastner in 2014 in Wiarton, Ontario. This festival is held every year in his respect.



Nischal Basnet

Nischal Basnet (born January 17, 1981) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali director, producer, actor, dancer and singer of Nepali Film Indsutry. He rose fame from his first movie Loot which was directed by him in 2012 and breaks all the records of the Nepali box office. After that he produce next superhit movie Kabaddi and acted in the same movie and produced the sequal of Kabaddi. After Loot he directed his next movie Talak Jung VS Tulke which was nominated for Oscar Awards. He is one of the top director and famous celebrity of the Nation.

Van Horne House

Van Horne House is a historical building in Somerset County, New Jersey. It was built in 1750. It was called Phil's Hill because it was owned by Philip Van Horne.

The house was the headquarters for two American generals, Benjamin Lincoln in 1777 and William Alexander in (1778-79). It was also used as headquarters by the Heritage Trail Association starting in 2000. It was to the National Register of Historic Places on March 8, 2002.

Jean-Claude Servan-Schreiber

Jean-Claude Servan-Schreiber (11 April 1918 – 11 April 2018) was a French politician and journalist. He served as a member of the National Assembly from 1965 to 1967, representing Seine. He was a member of the Union for the New Republic, a center-right political party. He was born in Paris, France.

Schreiber died on April 11, 2018 in Paris on his 100th birthday.

Brij Bhushan Kabra

Brij Bhushan Kabra (1937 – 12 April 2018) was an Indian musician. He popularized the guitar as an instrument in Indian classical music. He was born in Jodhpur, British Raj.

Kabra became the first Indian musician to play "raga" on the guitar, performed publicly, and recorded the successful album "Call of the Valley" (1967) with "bansuri" player Hariprasad Chaurasia and "santoor" player Shivkumar Sharma in 1960.

Kabra died on 12 April 2018 in Ahmedabad, India of multiple organ failure at age 81.

Patrick F. McManus

Patrick Francis McManus (August 25, 1933 – April 11, 2018) was an American humor writer. He was born in Sandpoint, Idaho. He wrote about the outdoors. He was a humor columnist for "Outdoor Life", "Field & Stream", and other magazines, his columns and stories have been collected in several books, beginning with "A Fine and Pleasant Misery" (1978) up through "The Horse in My Garage and Other Stories" (2012).

McManus died in Spokane, Washington on April 11, 2018 at the age of 84.

Antonio Salandra

Antonio Salandra (13 August 1853 – 9 December 1931) was a 21st Prime Minister of Italy. He served as Agriculture Minister in 1899 to 1900, Minister of the Treasury in 1906 and Finance Minister in (1909-1910).

Scooter Libby

I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby (first name generally given as Irv, Irve or Irving; born August 22, 1950) is an American lawyer and former advisor to Vice President Dick Cheney.

From 2001 to 2005, Libby held the offices of Assistant to the Vice President for National Security Affairs and Chief of Staff to the Vice President of the United States.

After a failed appeal, President Bush commuted Libby's sentence of 30 months in federal prison, leaving the other parts of his sentence intact. As a result of his conviction in "United States v. Libby", Libby's license to practice law was suspended until being reinstated in 2016. President President Donald Trump pardoned Libby on April 13, 2018.

Paddington 2

Paddington 2 is a 2017 live-action animated comedy movie. It was directed by Paul King and written by King and Simon Farnaby. It is based on the stories of the character Paddington Bear, created by Michael Bond. It is the sequel to the 2014 movie "Paddington". The movie was released in cinemas and IMAX with very good reviews and it has a 100% on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie stars Ben Whishaw as the voice of Paddington, with Hugh Bonneville, Sally Hawkins, Brendan Gleeson, Julie Walters, Jim Broadbent, Peter Capaldi, Tom Conti, Ben Miller, Sanjeev Bhaskar, Noah Taylor and Hugh Grant with Eileen Atkins in live-action roles.


James Beevers

James Beevers (born 31 January 1979) is a British olympian combat sports player which known as fencing. He participated in the individual foil event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Hugh Bonneville

Hugh Richard Bonneville Williams (born 10 November 1963), known professionally as Hugh Bonneville, is an English actor. He is best known for playing Robert Crawley in the ITV period drama series "Downton Abbey" from 2010 until 2015 and as Mr. Brown in "Paddington" and "Paddington 2".

Ishani Shrestha

Ishani Shrestha () (born May 5, 1991) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali model, media personality, entrepreneur and the title holder of Miss Nepal 2013. She represented Nepal in Miss World beauty pageant 2013 and won the title of Beauty with a Purpose by securing a top ten position.

Ben Whishaw

Benjamin John Whishaw (born 14 October 1980) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in "Nathan Barley", "Criminal Justice", "The Hour", and "London Spy".

In movies, he starred in "" (2006), "I'm Not There" (2007), "Bright Star" (2009), "Brideshead Revisited" (2008), "Cloud Atlas" (2012), "The Lobster" (2015), "Suffragette" (2015), and "The Danish Girl" (2015).

Whishaw played Q in the James Bond movies "Skyfall" (2012) and "Spectre" (2015). He voiced Paddington Bear in "Paddington" (2014) and "Paddington 2" (2017).

Delma

Delma is a luxury watch company based in Lengnau, Switzerland, founded by the brothers Adolf and Albert Gilomen in 1924.

The Gilomen brothers originally registered four brands: Thuya, Midland, Delma and Gil. Thuya served as the company’s name, and the other brands were used for watch models. The Delma brand name first appeared on watches in 1933. It was established as the company’s name in 1966 with the company take over by Ulrich Wüthrich and Fritz Fankhauser. In 1996 Ulrich Wüthrich's son-in-law, Fred Leibundgut, entered the company and took over as President and CEO. 


In 2016, Delma entered a partnership with the IMOCA 60 as Official Timer of the Transat New York to Vendée. 

Subin Limbu

Subin Limbu () (born 1 March 1991) in Dharan, Nepal is a Nepali Model and the title winner of the beauty pageant Miss Nepal 2014. She also represented Nepal in Miss World 2014.

Evana Manandhar

Evana Manandhar () (born 26 November 1991) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali Model, Business woman and the title winner of Miss Nepal 2015. She represened Nepal in Miss World 2015 which was held in Sanya, China.

Moyar River

The Moyar River is one of the tributaries of the Bhavani in Tamil Nadu, India. The Moyar river starts from a small town called Moyar. This is a natural line of separation between Bandipur and the Mudumalai sanctuary to the south. This river is checked (stopped) by Bhavanisagar Dam on the plains near Satyamangalam.

List of rivers of Tamil Nadu

This page lists the main rivers of Tamil Nadu. Out of the below rivers, Kaveri River Palar River, Vaigai River, Noyyal River, Cheyyar River, Moyar River, Bhavani River, Thamirabarani River are the major rivers in Tamil Nadu.
















Amaravati River

The Amaravati River is the longest tributary of Kaveri River. This river flows through the districts of Karur and Tirupur in Tamil Nadu state. The long Amaravati River begins at the Kerala/Tamil Nadu border at the bottom of Manjampatti Valley.
This river irrigates over of agricultural lands in Tiruppur and Karur districts. The Amaravathi Dam has 4 Megawatts of electricity generating capacity installed.

Arjuna River

Arjuna River is a river flowing in the Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is a sacred river which formed during the period of Pandavas. Arjuna, one of the five Pandavas, rise this river to worship lord Shiva.There is large Shiva temple named Kasi Viswanatha Temple on the side of this river.

Arani River

Arani River is a 108 km long river) in India. It flows through the states of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.The Arani river rises at Sadasivakonda in Chittoor district. It flows through to join the southwest tip of the Pulicat Lake in Minjur Block, Tiruvallur district. Then flows into the Bay of Bengal. It has a drainage area of about 1535 km with over one half lying in Andhra Pradesh.

Zoran Krasić

Zoran Krasić ("Зоран Красић"; 11 March 1956 – 12 April 2018) was a Serbian politician. He served several terms in the parliaments of Yugoslavia and Serbia as a member of the far-right Serbian Radical Party. He was Serbia's Minister of Trade, Tourism and Telecommunications from 1998 to 2000.

Krasić died on 12 April 2018, after a short illness in Belgrade at the age of 62.

Warren, Connecticut

Warren is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 1,351 at the 2020 census. The town was named for Revolutionary War General Joseph Warren.


Angbu-ilgu

Angbu-ilgu is a concave sundial shaped like a hemisphere and was first made 16 years' rule of King Sejong (1434). That was composed of the hour lines, the seasonal lines, sibanmyeon, Yeoungchim and the horizonal surface.


Prinsha Shrestha

Prinsha Shrestha (born September 11, 1992) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali Model and the title winner of Miss Earth Nepal 2014. She was dethroned in April 5, 2015 cause of her participation in Miss Eco Queen 2015 wearing Miss Earth official sash.

Kringresande register

In late 2013, it was revealed that the police of Scania had kept a register labled "kringresande", in English "travellers,"which contained the name of 4500 people with connections to the swedish travellers, a Rroma culture. Some of the people in this registry were dead, and around 1200 were children under the age of 18. In 2017, Swedish courts ruled that the registry was just based on ethnicity and gave 12 Rroma people the right to a compensation of 5000 crowns.

Bhavani River

Bhavani River is a major river in Kongu Nadu region of Tamil Nadu, India. It is the second longest river in Tamil Nadu. This river is a major tributary of the Kaveri River. Bhavani river originates(starts) from Nilgiri hills of the Western Ghats. Bhavani enters the Silent Valley National Park in Kerala. It flows back towards Tamil Nadu. The Bhavani is a long perennial(everlasting) river. The river drains an area of spread over Tamil Nadu (87%), Kerala (9%) and Karnataka (4%). About 90 per cent of the river's water is used for agriculture irrigation.

Bhavanisagar dam is located on the Bhavani river in Erode district, Tamil Nadu, India. The dam is one of the largest earthen dams in the world. The dam is long and high. The full reservoir level is . The dam has a capacity of . Kodiveri dam is also located on the Bhavani River near Gobichettipalayam in Western Tamil Nadu.

Sonie Rajbhandari

Sonie Rajbhandari () born in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali Model and the title winner of Miss Nepal International 2014. She has also represented Nepal in Miss International beauty pageant which was held in Japan.

Vennaaru River

Vennaaru is a tributary of the Kaveri River in southern India. It flows through Trichy and Thanjavur in Tamil Nadu, India. During the Chola period, a branch of this river was dug out and expanded by the Chola king Parantaka I. Vennaaru was used for water transportation in the ancient Chola Kingdom.

Veera Chozhan River

Vashista River

Vasishta Nadi, named after the Hindu sage Vasishtha. It originates (starts) from Salem district. This river flows in Tiruchirapalli and joins Sweata Nadi before flowing into the Bay of Bengal. Dams on the river are located at Attur and Periyeri.There are 12 Siva temples located on villages through which this river flows.

List of rivers of Puducherry

This is a list of rivers of Puducherry. None of these river originates in Puducherry. 





Nandalar River

The Nandalar River is a river flowing between Tiruvarur district and Nagappattinam district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It act as a border line for Thiruvarur and Nagappattinam Districts. Nandalar is a branch of River Cauvery. Nandalar river split from Cauvery near Kumbakonam.It drained in Bay of Bengal between Chandrapadi and Tharangambadi.

Irena Santor

Irena Wiśniewska-Santor ( ; born 9 December 1934), known professionally as Irena Santor, is a Polish singer, musical performer and actress.

Her career started in 1950. She is one of the largest number of awards in Poland. She was first known as a member of the folk group Mazowsze.

Hotarubi no Mori e

An anime movie that had the same name as the manga was created. It was 44 minutes and it was released in 2011. It was made in a studio called Brain's Base. The director of the movie was Takahiro Omori. The main voice actors of the movie were Ayane Sakura and Kōki Uchiyama. Some of the music in the movie was made by Makoto Yoshimori. Many people enjoyed the movie and many people were big fans for a long time after the movie was released. The movie came out on 17 September 2011. It was showed at the Scotland Loves Animation festival, the Leeds International Film Festival, Anime Expo, and the 66th Mainichi Film Awards.

The movie came out on blu-ray and DVD in Japan. This was on 22 February 2012. An extra story that was called also came out. This came out in a special version of the manga. The special manga and the blu-ray were on number 13 of the Oricon list. People that reviewed the movie said that the movie was very good. They said that it was a beautiful and simple movie. They compared the movie to movies by Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai.

The original manga and movie have the same story. A six-year-old girl called Hotaru Takegawa gets lost in a forest. Many "yamagami" and "yōkai" live in this forest. A person wearing a mask called Gin finds Hotaru. Gin tells Hotaru that if she touches him, he will disappear. He helps Hotaru get out of the forest. Later, Hotaru keeps visiting Gin in the forest. They become friends, but Hotaru has to go back home in the city for school. Hotaru promises Gin that she will keep coming back each year.

Hotaru grows up but Gin doesn't grow. Hotaru's age quickly becomes closer to Gin's age. When Hotaru becomes a teenager, she finds it hard to keep their friendship together. This might be because they love each other a little bit and that their future together seemed very uncertain. Gin wishes that he could touch and hold Hotaru, but he cannot. One year, Gin takes Hotaru out on a date in a festival. This festival was organised by the spirits. Gin accidentally touches a human boy. He disappears, but he and Hotaru hug. They both tell each other that they loved one another. Hotaru soon moves on with her life near the end of the story.

In , the story is told from Gin's point of view. When Hotaru leaves after the summer, some of the "yōkai" try to cheer Gin up. They give him some persimmons. Persimmons were a very special treat on the mountain. Gin wants to share a persimmon with Hotaru next year. He goes up to the top of a mountain to find ice so that he can preserve a persimmon but he could not find any ice. One of the spirits named Matsumino feels sorry for him and tries to bring the persimmon to Hotaru. Matsumino gets lost on the way there and eats the persimmon. At the end of the story, Hotaru comes back the next summer. Gin thinks about if he can tell Hotaru that he loves her.

The author of "Hotarubi no Mori e" said that the idea for the story came to her really easily. She said this in the postscript of "Aizoban Hotarubi no Mori e". She said that she wanted to write a harder story when she had more experience in writing manga. She wrote it before she thought she would because she was scared that she would lose the idea. There were not too many issues while she was writing even though she had many different ideas. Midorikawa wanted to draw many different scenes in the story. She wanted to do a forest in the summer that had a lot of shadows. This was because she wanted to add more colours in the manga. She also wanted to do a calm summer festival and Gin's mask.

Many people think the love story between Hotaru and Gin was the starting point for "Natsume's Book of Friends". This is because both stories have humans and "yōkai" interact together. In both of these stories, there are many differences between the characters. Many things stop their relationships and how they understand each other.

Midorikawa wrote another part of the story in 2011. This was before the anime movie's release. It was called "Hotarubi no Mori e Tokubetsuhen". She didn't want to add to the story at first, because the story was already finished. Because of this, she wrote from Gin's point of view.

The animation director, who was Yumi Satou, said that he began making the anime because he liked to animate original manga. The movie was approved in the beginning of 2011. The movie's producer (Shuko Yokoyama) said that the movie was supposed to be an original video animation. If it was made as an original video animation, it would not be released in theatres. But another movie, "Natsume's Book of Friends" was very popular and it allowed them to make a movie. This was because the same people that made "Hotarubi no Mori e" also made "Natsume's Book of Friends". The movie was made by the studio Brain's Base. It was directed by Takahiro Omori and it starred Japanese voice actors Ayane Sakura as Hotaru and Kōki Uchiyama as Gin. Satou and Yokoyama worked with each other a lot before this. Not that many people worked on the movie. This was because the movie was very short and made only in Japan. Anime are usually made in different countries.


Joseph A. Bracken

Joseph A. Bracken, S.J., (born 22 March 1930) is an American philosopher and Catholic theologian. Bracken work is devoted to a synthesis of revealed religion and Christian trinitarian doctrines with a revised process theology. 

Bracken introduced a field theoretic approach to process metaphysics.


Charles Curran

Charles E. Curran (born March 30, 1934) is an American Roman Catholic priest and moral theologian. He was born in Rochester, New York. He serves at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, as the Elizabeth Scurlock University Professor of Human Values.


Roger T. Forster

Roger Thomas Forster (1 March 1933 – 17 January 2024) was an English theologian. He was the leader of Ichthus Christian Fellowship, a neocharismatic Evangelical Christian Church that forms part of the British New Church Movement. He was thought to be "one of the finest minds in the Evangelical constituency." 

He died at his home in Forest Hill, London on the 17 January 2024, at the age of 90.

John Mbiti

John Samuel Mbiti (30 November 1931 – 5 October 2019) was a Kenyan-born Christian religious philosopher and writer. He was an ordained Anglican priest, and a canon.

Mbiti is an Emeritus professor at the University of Bern and parish minister to the town of Burgdorf, Switzerland.

Mbiti died at a nursing home in Burgdorf, Switzerland on 5 October 2019 at the age of 87.

Jürgen Moltmann

Jürgen Moltmann (born 8 April 1926) is a German Reformed theologian. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. He is Professor Emeritus of Systematic Theology at the University of Tübingen.

Moltmann has worked to a number of areas of Christian theology, including systematic theology, eschatology, ecclesiology, political theology, Christology, pneumatology, and the theology of creation.

He was the recipient of the 2000 University of Louisville and Louisville Presbyterian Theological Seminary Grawemeyer Award in Religion, and was also selected to deliver the prestigious Gifford Lectures in 1984–85.


Eugene H. Peterson

Eugene H. Peterson (November 6, 1932 – October 22, 2018) was an American-born clergyman, scholar, author, and poet. He wrote over thirty books, including Gold Medallion Book Award winner "The Message: The Bible in Contemporary Language" (Navpress Publishing Group, 2002), a paraphrase of the Bible.

Peterson, suffering from Alzheimer's disease, died on October 22, 2018 in Lakeside, Montana from congestive heart failure at the age of 85.



John Shelby Spong

John Shelby "Jack" Spong (June 16, 1931 – September 12, 2021) was an American bishop of the Episcopal Church. From 1979 to 2000 he was Bishop of Newark, New Jersey. He was a liberal Christian theologian, religion commentator and author.

In September 2016, Spong suffered a stroke. He died on September 12, 2021 at his home in Richmond, Virginia at the age of 90.

Joy Laville

Joy Laville (September 8, 1923 – April 13, 2018) was an English-Mexican artist. Her art career began and mostly developed in Mexico when she came to the country to take art classes in San Miguel de Allende. 

Her work has been exhibited in Mexico and abroad including the Palacio de Bellas Artes and the Museo de Arte Moderno. In 2012, she received the Bellas Artes Medal for her life’s work.

Laville was born on September 8, 1923, in Ryde on the Isle of Wight. She died in Jiutepec, Mexico on April 13, 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 94.


Isabella Biagini

Isabella Biagini (19 December 1943 – 14 April 2018) was an Italian actress and showgirl. She was born in Rome. She was known for her roles in "Love Italian Style", "Il clan dei due Borsalini", and for "The Future Is Woman".

Biagini died of complications from a stroke in Rome on 14 April 2018 at the age of 74.

Jean-Claude Malgoire

Jean-Claude Malgoire (25 November 1940 – 14 April 2018) was a French conductor. He was born in Avignon, France. His early musical career was as an oboist.

In 1966, he founded La Grande Écurie et la Chambre du Roy. In 2002, he won the Handel Music Prize.

Malgoire died on 14 April 2018 in Paris of stomach cancer at the age of 77.

Warfarin

Warfarin (sometimes sold as Coumadin) is a powerful water-soluble compound. It prevents blood from clotting. It does that by reducing the production of factors by the liver that promote clotting. It is called an "anticoagulant agent". It is a powerful rat poison. In concentrated form, it causes bleeding of internal organs which leads to death.

It is also used, in very low doses, to prevent thrombosis in humans. This is the local coagulation or clotting of the blood in the circulatory system. In such cases, it makes heart attacks, strokes, and pulmonary embolism less likely. The degree of anticoagulation is monitored by blood tests. 

2018 bombing of Damascus and Homs

On 14 April 2018, beginning at 04:00 Syrian time (UTC+3),
the United States, France, and the United Kingdom carried out a series of military strikes, with manned aircraft and ship-based missiles, against multiple government sites in Syria against the Bashar al-Assad regime.

The three acting powers did so in response to the use of chemical weapons against people in Douma in eastern Ghouta on 7 April, which they think was done by the Syrian government. Syria denied involvement in the Douma attacks and called the airstrikes a violation of international law.

President Donald Trump of the United States, Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom and President Emmanuel Macron of France ordered the strikes.

Vestal Virgin

The Vestals or Vestal Virgins were a group of priestesses of the Roman goddess Vesta, in Ancient Rome. 

The Vestals were a part of the College of Pontiffs ("Collegium Pontificum"). They were responsible for looking after the "sacred fire" of Vesta, which was not allowed to go out. Unlike most other women in Roman society, the Vestals were forbidden to marry or bear children, and took a vow of chastity when they joined the priesthood, which lasted for a minimum of 30 years.

They were daughters chosen before puberty from a number of suitable candidates, from two living parents who both had to be free-born residents (not slaves or freed slaves) of Rome. Before the 3rd century BC, candidates for Vestal priesthoods had to be of patrician birth. Membership was opened to plebeians in the 3rd century BC.

They retired when their term of service ended after 30 years. Vestals who retired, typically in their late 30's to early 40s, were allowed to marry, but were often too old to bear children.

Vestal Virgins who broke their vow of chastity, were ritually killed by being buried alive.

Halberstadt CL.II

Halberstadt Cl.II was an aircraft of the German Air Force in World War I.

On October 25, 1918 a Halberstadt of Reconnaissance Flight 279 was captured

Art Bell

Arthur William Bell III (June 17, 1945 – April 13, 2018) was an American broadcaster and author. He was the founder and the original host of the paranormal-themed radio program "Coast to Coast AM". He also created and hosted its companion show "Dreamland".

Bell died on April 13, 2018, at age 72, at his home in Pahrump, Nevada of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Vanjiar River

Vanjiar River is a branch river of Cauvery River. It flows through the districts of Thanjavur and Karaikal. This river finally merges (joins) with Arasalar River.

Franciszek Pieczka

Franciszek Maksymilian Pieczka (18 January 1928 – 23 September 2022) was a Polish actor. He first made his debut in the theatre in Jelenia Góra. He won the award for Best Actor at the Polish Film Festival in 1976 for "The Scar". 
He also starred in "Konopielka" (1982), "Axiliad" (1986), "The Mother of Kings" (1987), "Memories of a River" (1990), "Syzyfowe prace" (1998), "Quo Vadis" (2001) and "Jasminum" (2006).
On 11 November 2017, he was awarded the highest Polish state decoration, the Order of the White Eagle.

Pieczka died on 23 September 2022, at the age of 94.

Puravadayanar River

Puravadayanar River is a branch river of Cauvery River. It flows through Karaikal district. It joins the Bay of Bengal near Karaikal Port.

List of rivers of West Bengal

List of rivers of West Bengal state, located in Eastern India.

The major rivers of West Bengal state include:

Adi Ganga

Adi Ganga, also known as Gobindapur Creek, Surman’s Nullah and Tolly’s Nullah, was the main tributary (branch river) of the Hooghly River from the 15th to 17th century. But at present this river had dried up.

The Adi Ganga now flows by Tollygunge and Kudghat, Alipore, Bansdroni, Naktala, Garia, Boral, Mahamayatala, Narendrapur, Rajpur, Harinavi, Kodalia, Changaripota (now Shubhashgram), then to Mahinagar and Baruipur (earlier Atisara village), and reaches Jaynagar and Majilpur. At last Adi Ganga flows into the Bay of Bengal.

Ajay River

Ajay River is a river which flows through the Indian states of Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal.Ajay River originates on a small hill about high, southwest of Deoghar in Jharkhand. It then flows through Jharkhand and enters West Bengal at Simjuri. It enters Katwa subdivision of Bardhaman district at Nareng village.It then joins the Bhagirathi River at Katwa Town. Total length of the Ajay is , out of which are in West Bengal. The important tributaries of the Ajay are Pathro and Jayanti in Jharkhand, and Tumuni and Kunur in Bardhaman district of West Bengal. The Ajay valley was densely forested with sal, piyasal and palas trees. But in recent times due to mining and other activities the forests were cleared. There have been at least 14 recorded floods in the 20th century caused by the Ajay river.

Auranga River (Jharkhand)

Auranga River flows through the Latehar and Palamu districts in the Indian state of Jharkhand.The Auranga originates (starts) near Soheda.It flows into the Koel near Kechki south of Daltonganj.Its main tributaries are the Sukri and Ghaghri.

Burhi Gandak River

Burhi Gandak River is a tributary of the Ganges. The Burhi (“Old”) Gandak flows parallel to and east of the Gandak River in an old channel.

The Budhi Gandak originates (starts) from Chautarwa Chaur near Bisambharpur in the district of West Champaran in Bihar. It at first flows through the East Champaran district. After flowing for a distance of about , the river takes a south-turn where two rivers - the Dubhara and the Tour join it. The total length of the river is . The drainage area of the river is .

The main tributaries of the Burhi Gandak are - Masan, Balor, Pandai, Sikta, Tilawe, Tiur, Dhanauti, Kohra, Anjankote and Danda.

Maggie De Block

Maggie Celine Louise De Block (born 28 April 1962) is a Belgian politician. She is a member of the Flemish liberal party Open Vld. She is the Minister of Social Affairs and Health since 2014 serving under the Charles Michel government.

Critics have said that she does not set the right example as Health Minister due to her obesity and contracting type two diabetes, and she has answered that "I know I'm not a model but you have to see what's inside, not the packaging."

Lisbet Palme

Anna Lisbeth Christina Palme, née Beck-Friis (14 March 1931 – 18 October 2018) was a Swedish psychologist and civil servant. She was a former chairperson of UNICEF. She studied to be a child psychologist. She is the widow of late Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme.

She was the chairwoman of the Swedish UNICEF Committee from November 1986 until her death in 2018, in which role she has campaigned against the sexual exploitation of children and was a member of the Organisation of African Unity committee of investigation into the Rwandan genocide which reported its findings in 2000. She was worldwide chairwoman of UNICEF in 1990–91.

Olof Palme was shot and killed on 28 February 1986. Lisbet Palme was also injured in the shooting by a shot that grazed her back.

Palme died in Stockholm on 18 October 2018 at the age of 87.

Assassination of Olof Palme

On Friday, 28 February 1986, at 23:21 CET (22:21 UTC), Olof Palme, Prime Minister of Sweden, was fatally wounded by a single gunshot while walking home from a cinema with his wife Lisbet Palme on the central Stockholm street Sveavägen. Lisbet Palme was slightly wounded by a second shot. The couple did not have bodyguards at the time.

Christer Pettersson was convicted of the murder in 1988 after having been identified as the killer by Palme's wife. However, he was acquitted. Pettersson died in late-September 2004.

The case remains unsolved and has given rise to a number of conspiracy theories. On February 18 2020 the Swedish chief prosecutor in charge of the investigation, Krister Petersson, announced that a likely assassin had been identified. They will announce more information before summer 2020. He also announced that if they cannot prosecute the suspect then they will end the investigation.

Hours after the assassination, Deputy Prime Minister Ingvar Carlsson was sworn-in as the new Swedish Prime Minister.



Xavier Trias

Xavier Trias i Vidal de Llobatera () (Barcelona, 5 August 1946) is a Spanish politician. He is a member of the Catalan European Democratic Party and Mayor of Barcelona from July 2011 to June 2015. He was Minister of Health and Director of the Presidency for the Governments of Jordi Pujol.

In November 2017 an investigation conducted by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalism said he was one of the many politicians mentioned in the "Paradise Papers" allegations.


Canadian Rockies

The Canadian Rockies () or Canadian Rocky Mountains, both the Alberta Rockies and the B.C. Rockies, is the Canadian part of the North American Rocky Mountains. 

Amaro Pargo

Amaro Rodríguez Felipe y Tejera Machado (3 May 1678, in San Cristóbal de La Laguna, Tenerife - 4 October 1747, in San Cristóbal de La Laguna, Tenerife), more popularly known as Amaro Pargo, was a famous Spanish corsair. 

He was noted for his commercial activities and for his frequent religious donations and aid to the poor. In his role as a privateer, he dominated the route between Cadiz and the Caribbean, on several occasions attacking ships belonging to enemies of the Spanish Crown (mainly England and Holland), earning recognition in his time as a hero and coming to be regarded as "the Spanish equivalent of Francis Drake". Because of his service to the Spanish Crown and country, he was declared a Caballero hijodalgo in 1725 and obtained certification of nobility and royal arms in 1727.

He felt a considerable devotion for Sister Mary of Jesus de León y Delgado, even financing his funeral and his grave. He made several donations with the aim of improving the lives of the poorest of Tenerife, especially for the improvement of the living conditions of the inmates of the prison of San Cristóbal de La Laguna.

His figure has been wrapped in a halo of romanticism that has related to piracy, hidden treasures and illicit romances. Different authors have taken advantage of this mysticism that surrounds his figure to elaborate his novels. In addition, the video game company Ubisoft sent a study on Amaro Pargo, emphasizing its physiognomy, facing its possible appearance in the video game .

List of large temple tanks

This is a list of Temple tanks in terms of area.

Haridra Nadhi

Haridra Nadhi is the largest temple tank in India, may be in the World. It is in Mannargudi, Thiruvarur District of Tamil Nadu. This temple tank belongs to Rajagopalaswamy Temple, Mannargudi. The area of the temple tank is . The Rajagopalaswamy temple is a Vaishnavite temple of the main god Rajagopalaswamy (Krishna). The tank is also called the sister of river Kaveri and is sacred to Vaishnavates. 

Chandra Theertham (Karaikal)

Chandra Theertham is the temple tank of Karaikal Ammayar Temple, Nithyakalyana Perumal Temple and the Karaikal Kailasanathar Temple. The Karaikal float festival (Theppam) is celebrated in this temple tank.

The belief of the Karaikal people is if we bath once in this temple tank, all the bone related diseases and fractures will get cured. The Chandra Theertham is cleaned for long time. The work got completed in the year 2010.

Stefano Zappalà

Stefano Zappalà (6 February 1941 – 15 April 2018) was an Italian politician. He was born in Aci Bonaccorsi, Italy.

He was a Member of the European Parliament for Central with the Forza Italia, part of the European People's Party and is vice-chair of the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.

He is a substitute for the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, a member of the Delegation for relations with the Palestinian Legislative Council and a substitute for the Delegation to the EU-Kazakhstan, EU-Kyrgyzstan and EU-Uzbekistan Parliamentary Cooperation Committees, and for relations with Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Mongolia.

Zappalà died from respiratory failure in Latina, aged 77.

Methoxyflurane

Methoxyflurane (brand name: Penthrox) is an Australian liquid analgesic (a painkiller) which turns into a gas when it is exposed to the air.

It is breathed in through a special inhaler which is known in some places as the "Big Green Whistle". It makes a slight whistling noise when the patient breathes through it.

The patient takes the medicine themselves in the presence of someone trained in its use. It can make them feel sick (nausea) or cause them to be sick (vomit). It also causes dizziness.

Paolo and Vittorio Taviani

Paolo Taviani (; born November 8, 1931) and Vittorio Taviani (; September 20, 1929 – April 15, 2018), both known as the Taviani brothers, are Italian movie directors and screenwriters. They are brothers who always work together, each directing alternate scenes. They were born in San Miniato, Tuscany, Italy.

At the Cannes Film Festival, the Taviani brothers won the "Palme d'Or" for "Padre padrone" in 1977 and "Grand Prix du Jury" for "La notte di San Lorenzo" ("The Night of the Shooting Stars", 1982). 

In 2012 they reached again the top prize in a major festival, winning the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival with "Caesar Must Die".

Vittorio Taviani died on April 15, 2018 in Rome of heart disease at the age of 88.


Jon Michelet

Jon Michelet (14 July 1944 – 14 April 2018) was a Norwegian novelist. He was born in Moss, Norway. He was well known for his action-thriller novel "Orion's Belt" (1977). He was the editor-in-chief of the Norwegian far-left daily "Klassekampen" from 1997 to 2002.

Michelet died of kidney cancer on 14 April 2018 in Oslo at the age of 73.

Mental capacity

Mental capacity in law is a term used to describe a person's ability to make decisions for themselves and to understand what those decisions will mean for them.

Sometimes, people who are unwell, such as those with illnesses which affect their memory (Alzheimer's disease or Dementia), those with learning difficulties, or who have mental health problems, may find themselves in a position where their ability to make decisions for themselves is questioned. This may be because they do not understand that what they are doing is not good for them; they do not realise that it might make them ill or get them into trouble.

People can also lack capacity if they are unable to communicate in any way; for example, if they're in a coma or if they have severe brain damage. In this case, it may be necessary for someone else, such as an advocate or a Judge to make decisions for them by making a court order.

In some countries, like the United Kingdom, laws exist which tell those working with people whose capacity might be in doubt, what they must do and how to decide if someone is capable of making their own decisions. In the UK, this law is called the Mental Capacity Act (2005). It lists 5 rules which must be used as a guide; in simple terms, they are:


This law also allows people who have capacity, to pick someone else to make their decisions for them, in the case that they can't do it themselves.

Supposing a person is unable to make decisions for themselves, what happens then? In the UK (and many other countries) there is a legal framework to make sure no-one takes advantage of the said person. It often consists of a physician or psychiatrist dealing with the person in question, a solicitor representing the person, and a solicitor representing the "public interest" (the state). Meetings are held at agreed times, say once every three months. The purpose is to make sure that decisions taken are in the person's interest.

Judy Kennedy

Judith Kennedy (October 25, 1944 – April 15, 2018) was an American politician and businesswoman. She was a member of the Democratic Party until 2015. In 2011, Kennedy was elected Mayor of Newburgh, New York, serving in the office until her death in 2018. She was born in Salmon, Idaho. In the 1990s, she worked for Hewlett-Packard.

Kennedy died under hospice care of ovarian cancer on April 15, 2018 in Newburgh at the age of 73.

Newburgh, New York

Newburgh is a city located in Orange County, New York, United States, north of New York City, and south of Albany, on the Hudson River. It is the location of Washington's Headquarters. Interstate 84 goes very close to the city.

There is a long history of racism in Newburgh and the Hudson Valley. During the COVID-19 pandemic, there was rioting in Newburgh because the police killed a black person.


Spencertown, New York

Spencertown is a hamlet in the town of Austerlitz, Columbia County, New York, United States. Its ZIP code is 12165.

Colony of Aden

The Colony of Aden or Aden Colony ( "") was a British Crown colony from 1937 to 1963. It was located in the south of contemporary Yemen. It consisted of the port of Aden and its surroundings (an area of ).

Before 1937, Aden had been governed as part of British India. Under the Government of India Act 1935 the territory was detached from British India, and was made a separate colony of the United Kingdom; this separation took effect on 1 April 1937.

On 18 January 1963, the colony was reconstituted as the State of Aden (Arabic: ولاية عدن "Wilāyat ʿAdan") within the new Federation of South Arabia. The federation in turn became the People's Republic of South Yemen on 30 November 1967, marking the end of British rule.

The hinterland of the Colony of Aden was separately governed as the Aden Protectorate.

Alfred M. Gray Jr.

Alfred M. Gray Jr. (born June 22, 1928) is a retired United States Marine Corps general. He served as the 29th Commandant of the Marine Corps from 1987 to 1991. He retired from the U.S. Marine Corps in 1991 after 41 years of service.

General Gray was promoted to general and became Commandant of the Marine Corps on July 1, 1987. His appointment as Commandant of the Marine Corps was recommended by Jim Webb, then Secretary of the Navy.


Baker City, Oregon

Baker City is a city in and the county seat of Baker County, Oregon, United States. It was named after Edward D. Baker, the only U.S. Senator ever killed in military combat. The population was 10,099 at the 2020 census.


Ivan Mauger

Ivan Gerald Mauger (4 October 1939 – 16 April 2018) was a New Zealand motorcycle speedway rider. He won a record six World Championships (Finals). Mauger rode for several British teams – Wimbledon Dons, Newcastle Diamonds, Belle Vue Aces, Exeter Falcons, and the Hull Vikings. He was born in Christchurch, New Zealand.

Mauger died on 16 April 2018 in Gold Coast, Australia at the age of 78.


Big Timber, Montana

Big Timber is a city in, and the county seat of Sweet Grass County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,650 at the 2020 census.

It became the county seat in 1895.

The Boulder River joins the Yellowstone River at Big Timber.


Bourbonnais, Illinois

Bourbonnais, Illinois is a village located within Kankakee County. The population was 18,164 people as of 2020. According to the 2010 census, Bourbonnais has a total area of , all land.

The town expanded in the 1800s, when John Jacob Astor founded fur trade companies in Bourbonnais.

Since 2002, it has become home of the summertime training camp of the Chicago Bears.

Dana Rohrabacher

Dana Tyrone Rohrabacher (born June 21, 1947) is an American politician and speechwriter. He was a member of the U.S House of Representatives representing . He is a Republican, he served as a speechwriter and Special Assistant to President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1988. He narrowly lost his re-election bid in 2018 to Democrat Harley Rouda.


Randy Neugebauer

Robert Randolph "Randy" Neugebauer (born December 24, 1949) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , having served from 2003 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party.

According to a 2011 survey by the "National Journal", Neugebauer was "the most conservative" member of the House.

On September 17, 2015, Neugebauer announced he would not seek reelection to an eighth term in the 2016 elections.

As of April 2018, Neugebauer was the only person under consideration to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in Trump Administration.


John Oliver

John William Oliver (born 23 April 1977) is an English actor, comedian, political commentator, producer, television host and writer. In 2014, Oliver began hosting the HBO series "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver".

Oliver's work in "Last Week Tonight" has become very popular. His work has had a large impact on American culture and politics, which has been called the "John Oliver Effect".

In 2019, he was the voice of Zazu in the 2019 drama-live action remake "The Lion King".

Oliver was born on 23 April 1977 in Erdington, Birmingham, to Carole and Jim Oliver. His father was a school headmaster and social worker, and his mother was a music teacher. Both of his parents are originally from Liverpool, Merseyside. His uncle was the composer Stephen Oliver. His father's great-grandfather, William Boyd Carpenter was the Bishop of Ripon and court chaplain to Queen Victoria. Oliver learned to play the viola as a child.

Since childhood, he has been a fan of Liverpool FC, noting in interviews that "my mum's family are from Knotty Ash and my dad's family are from the Wirral, so supporting Liverpool was very much not a choice". Oliver learned in Bedford at the Mark Rutherford School.

After secondary school, he studied at Christ's College, Cambridge. While he was a student there in the mid-to-late 1990s, Oliver was a part of the Cambridge Footlights, the university's club for theatre run by students of Cambridge University. David Mitchell and Richard Ayoade were also in the club. In 1997, he became the club's vice president. In 1998, Oliver graduated from Christ's College with a degree in English.


Chris Rea

Christopher Anton Rea ( ; born 4 March 1951) is a British rock and blues singer-songwriter and guitarist. He is best known in the United States for the 1978 hit song "Fool (If You Think It's Over)" that reached No. 12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. This success earned him a Grammy nomination as Best New Artist in 1979.

The book "Guinness Rockopedia" described him as a "gravel-voiced guitar stalwart". The "British Hit Singles & Albums" stated that Rea was "one of the most popular UK singer-songwriters of the late 1980s. He was already a major European star by the time he finally cracked the UK Top 10 with his 18th chart entry; "The Road to Hell (Part 2)".

In 2000, Rea was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Since his cancer diagnosis, he underwent multiple surgeries and was diagnosed with diabetes. In 2016, he suffered a stroke, which left him slurred speech and impaired movements.


Karen Karapetyan

Karen Vilhelmi Karapetyan (born 14 August 1964) is an Armenian politician. He became the Prime Minister of Armenia in 2016 after the resignation of Hovik Abrahamyan. 

On 23 April 2018, Karapetyan became acting Prime Minister following the resignation of Serzh Sargsyan. In May 2018, Nikol Pashinyan was elected Prime Minister.

Karapetyan earned a PhD in economics in 1989. 

Violette Szabo

Violette Reine Elizabeth Szabo GC (née Bushell; 26 June 1921 – February 1945) was a French/British agent during the Second World War. Her role was known as Special Operations Executive (SOE). She was twice parachuted into France to help the French resistance activity against German forces (the Wehrmacht).

During her second mission, Szabo was caught by the Germans. She was interrogated, and sent to Ravensbrück concentration camp in Germany, where she was treated harshly. Like most other prisoners, she had to perform hard work in freezing cold conditions with few clothes. She was shot near the end of the war. After her death, she was awarded the George Cross, the Croix de Guerre and the Medaille de la Resistance.

Szabo's father was British, and her mother was French.

Violette Szabo was born Violette Reine Elizabeth Bushell in Paris on 26 June 1921. Her father was a taxi-driver and car salesman, and her mother was a dressmaker. During her childhood, Violette lived in both France and England at different times. She could speak both languages well. When the Second World War broke out, she was working at "Le Bon Marché", a Brixton department store.

Szabo married Étienne Szabo in 1940. He was a Hungarian non-commissioned officer in the French Foreign Legion. Violette was 19, Étienne was 31.

After her marriage, Violette became a switchboard operator for the General Post Office in central London, working throughout the blitz. Bored by the job, she joined the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) on 11 September 1941. Szabo found within weeks that she was pregnant, so she left the ATS to return to London for the birth.

Violette sent her baby to childminders while she worked at the South Morden aircraft factory where her father was stationed. Then she was told of her husband's death in action. Étienne had died on 24 October 1942 at the beginning of the Second Battle of El Alamein; he had never seen his daughter. It was Étienne's death that made Violette accept an offer to train as a field agent in the British Special Operations Executive (SOE). It was her best way to fight the enemy.

Szabo was sent to the SOE "finishing school" at Beaulieu, Hampshire, where she learnt escape and evasion, uniform recognition, communications and cryptography. She had training in weaponry. The final stage in training was parachute jumping. On her first attempt, Szabo badly sprained her ankle and was sent home to recover (it was this ankle that was to fail her later in France). She was able to take the parachuting course again and passed with a second class in February 1944.

In 2012 Max Hastings wrote that Szabo was "adored by the men and women of SOE both for her courage and endless infectious Cockney laughter", while Leo Marks remembered her as "A dark-haired slip of mischief...She had a Cockney accent which added to her impishness".

Szabo was only the second woman to be awarded the George Cross. Both Violette and Étienne Szabo were awarded the French Croix de Guerre for their bravery in the field. On 17 December 1947 their five-year-old daughter Tania received the George Cross from King George VI on behalf of her late mother. Violette and Étienne Szabo are believed to be the most decorated married couple of World War II.

Upper Arlington, Ohio

Upper Arlington is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Charleston (dance)

The Charleston is a dance, which became popular in the 1920s. It is named after the city of Charleston, South Carolina. A song called The Charleston, composed in 1923 made it popular. This song was part of the Broadway musical Running Wild. In Europe, Josephine Baker made the Charleston popular, starting in 1925. Charleston is associated with Flappers who danced it in Speakeasy bars, to mock themselves about the prohibition of alcohol, which was in force in the US, in the 1920s. For this reason, dancing Charleston was seen as provocative.

Divi filius

Divi filius is a Latin phrase meaning "son of a god". It was used by the Roman Emperor Augustus, the grand-nephew and adopted son of Gaius Julius Caesar.

Ankita Lokhande

Ankita Lokhande is an Indian television and Bollywood actress.
She made her acting debut in 2009 with Zee TV's soap opera Drama . Her appearance in the popular show has made her one of the highest-paid actress in the world of Indian Television.
She also participated in celebrity dance reality show on Sony Entertainment Television (India).



Hal Greer

Harold Everett Greer (June 26, 1936 – April 14, 2018) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Huntington, West Virginia. He played for the Syracuse Nationals / Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1958 through 1973.

Greer was a guard and a 10-time NBA All-Star. He was named to the All-NBA Second Team seven times. He was named to the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team and he had his uniform number retired by the 76ers.

Greer died of a short-illness in Phoenix, Arizona on April 14, 2018 at the age of 81.


Huntington, West Virginia

Huntington is a city in Cabell County and Wayne County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. It is the county seat of Cabell County.

Huntington is the second largest city in West Virginia, with a population of 46,842 at the 2020 census. It is one of the central cities of the Huntington–Ashland metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, this had a population of 359,862. 

Gerald Nachman

Gerald Weil Nachman (January 13, 1938 – April 14, 2018) was an American journalist and author. He was born in Oakland, California.

Nachman was a television writer for the "San Jose Mercury News". He was a columnist for the "New York Daily News" and writer for the "San Francisco Chronicle".

Nachman died April 14, 2018 in San Francisco, California of frontotemporal dementia at the age of 80.

Michael Halliday

Michael Alexander Kirkwood Halliday (often M.A.K. Halliday; 13 April 1925 – 15 April 2018) was an English-born linguist. He developed the internationally influential "systemic functional linguistic" model of language. His grammatical works go by the name of "systemic functional grammar" ("SFG").

Halliday described himself as a "generalist", meaning that he has tried "to look at language from every possible vantage point", and has described his work as "wander[ing] the highways and byways of language".

Halliday died in Sydney of natural causes on 15 April 2018 at the age of 93.


Jacques Tixier

Jacques Tixier (1 January 1925 – 3 April 2018) was a French archaeologist and prehistorian. He was known for his work on prehistory in Qatar, Lebanon, and North Africa. He led the first French archaeological mission to Qatar in 1976. He helped discover Al Khor Island that year. He also discovered an archaeological site in Shagra.

Tixier died in Paris on 3 April 2018 at the age of 93.

Waqar Ahmad Shah

Waqar Ahmad Shah (6 July 1943 – 15 April 2018) was an Indian politician. He was born in Qazipura North Bahraich, India. He served in the Legislative Assembly of India for multiple districts from 1993 to 2017. He served as a cabinet minister under the administrations of Presidents A. P. J. Abdul Kalam and Pranab Mukherjee.

Shah died of bladder cancer on 15 April 2018 at a hospital in Lucknow, India at the age of 74.

Harry Anderson

Harry Laverne Anderson (October 14, 1952 – April 16, 2018) was an American actor, comedian and magician. He is best known for the role of Judge Harry Stone on the 1984–92 television series "Night Court". He was also known for his role as Richie Tozier in the 1990 Stephen King miniseries "It". Anderson also starred as Harry 'The Hat' Gittes in "Cheers" and played the title character in "Dave's World". He was born in Newport, Rhode Island.

In late January 2018, Anderson suffered several strokes which declined his health and later suffered from influenza. On April 16, 2018, Anderson died in his sleep of a stroke caused by influenza at his home in Asheville at the age of 65. He was 65 years old.

Jaime Thorne León

Jaime Fernando Nicolás Thorne León (11 September 1943 – 5 April 2018) was a Peruvian politician. He served as the Minister of Defense under the administration of President Alan García Pérez, from September 2010 to July 2011.

Thorne León died in Lima, Peru of brain cancer on 5 April 2018 at the age of 74.

Nyack, New York

Nyack is a village located primarily in the town of Orangetown in Rockland County, New York, United States. Nyack had a population of 7,265 as of the 2020 census.


Zee TV

Zee TV is an Indian cable and satellite television channel. It is owned and operated by Zee Entertainment Enterprises. The media entertainment company is based in Mumbai, Maharashtra. It broadcasts programming in Hindi. 

The channel is also available in various nations of Southeast Asia, Europe, and North Asia. A part of the Essel Group, it started to broadcast on 2 October 1992. It is the first Hindi Language cable television service in India.

Zee TV HD was launched on 15 August 2011 along with Zee Cinema HD, Zee Studio HD. It changed its logo on 15 October 2017, along with all the other channels owned by its parent company. 


John Wick: Chapter 2

John Wick: Chapter 2 is a 2017 American action thriller movie. Chad Stahelski directed the movie. Derek Kolstad wrote the screenplay. This is the second movie in the "John Wick" movie series. John Wick is an assassin who is trying to escape while people try to kill him.  It is a sequel to John Wick.

The movie was filmed in New York City. The movie premiered in Los Angeles on January 30, 2017, and was  released in the United States on February 10, 2017. It earned $171.5 million, over four times its $40 million budget. A third movie, titled "John Wick: Chapter 3", was released on May 17, 2019.

Retired super-assassin John Wick's plans to resume a quiet civilian life are cut short when Italian gangster Santino D'Antonio shows up on his doorstep with a gold marker, compelling him to repay past favours. Ordered by Winston, the kingpin of secret assassin society The Continental, to respect the organisation's ancient code, Wick reluctantly accepts the assignment to travel to Rome to take out D'Antonio's sister, the ruthless capo atop the Italian Camorra crime syndicate.


Antonio Bernocchi

Antonio Bernocchi was an Italian industrialist, who built up a successful textile factory at Legnano, a city in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.

Bernocchi was born on 17 January 1859 at Castellanza in the province of Varese, in Lombardy in northern Italy. He was one of three sons of Rodolfo Bernocchi and Angela Colombo.

Bernocchi attended the Scuola Tecnica of Busto Arsizio, but did not complete his education. By the age of fifteen he was working for his father in a small workshop for bleaching textiles at Legnano. In 1898 the family started a textile factory at Legnano. The business became very successful, which was successful and grew substantially. Factories were opened at Nerviano, Cerro Maggiore and Angera. Bernocchi became mayor of Legnano and a member of the Italian Senate.

Bernocchi made several charitable donations. After the Italian defeat at Caporetto in World War I, he donated to a new charity for war veterans, La Patria Riconoscente. The charity was later called the Opera Nazionale Combattenti. He gave funds for the establishment or expansion of schools and hospitals in Legnano, where two schools are named after him. He was a benefactor of La Scala in Milan. His biggest donation was five million lire to the city of Milan for the construction of the Palazzo dell'Arte, home of the Triennale exhibition, in the Parco Sempione. The pavilion, also known as Palazzo Bernocchi, was designed by Giovanni Muzio and built between 1931 and 1933. Bernocchi's brothers, Andrea and Michele, also contributed to the construction of the pavillion.

The Coppa Bernocchi, a bicycle race held at Legnano since 1919, is dedicated to Bernocchi.

Karl-Heinz von Hassel

Karl-Heinz von Hassel (8 February 1939 – 19 April 2016) was a German actor. He acted in more than 100 movies and television shows between 1960 and 2012. He was born in Hamburg, Germany.

He trained for a business career and also took acting lessons. From 1960 he acted in plays in several theaters. From 1966 he appeared regularly on television. He later had important roles in movies directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Hassel was a tall man who often acted as a police officer.

Hassel died after a short illness on 19 April 2016 in Hamburg, Germany. He was 77 years old.


Balod district

Balod district is a district of Chhattisgarh, India. The district headquarters is Balod.

Nayatol

Nayatol is a large village in the Begusarai district in the state of Bihar, India

Buruli ulcer

Buruli ulcer is an infectious disease caused by bacteria. These bacteria are related to the ones that cause leprosy and those that cause tuberculosis. The disease can be found in tropical regions, but is not limited to the tropics. It is common in Africa, Southeast Asia and Australia. Currently, it is unknown in what way the disease spreads. It often occurs in rural areas close to swamps, rivers, or lakes. For this reason, vector organisms such as mosquitoes appear likely. However, M. ulcerans is an environmental bacterium and produces unique toxin – mycolactone. The way it transfers to humans remains unknown. Currently, early diagnosis and treatment are crucial to minimizing death, costs and prevent long-term disability. 

There are different forms of therapy: the most common one is a combination of two or three different drugs and removing the affected tissue. Simple tissue removal works best when no ulcers have formed yet. The bacterium cannot live in temperatures above 40 °C. For this reason, some forms of therapy have included heating the affected skin parts above 40°C. This will kill the bacteria. First attempts suggest that after killing the bacteria, the ulcer will heal in several cases. Even 18 months after the treatment, the disease no longer shows. This means that the method can be tested on more people.<ref name="DOI10.1371/journal.pntd.0000380">Thomas Junghanss, Alphonse Um Boock, Moritz Vogel, Daniela Schuette, Helmut Weinlaeder, Gerd Pluschke, David J. Diemert: "Phase Change Material for Thermotherapy of Buruli Ulcer: A Prospective Observational Single Centre Proof-of-Principle Trial." In: "PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases." 3, 2009, S. e380, .</ref>

Buruli ulcer has been reported in 33 countries in Africa, the Americas, Asia and the Western Pacific. Most cases occur in tropical and subtropical regions except in Australia, China and Japan. Out of the 33 countries, 14 regularly report data to WHO.
The yearly number of suspected Buruli ulcer cases reported globally was around 5000 cases until 2010. Then, it started to decrease until 2016, reaching its minimum with 1961 cases reported. Since then, the number of cases has started to rise again every year, up to 2713 cases in 2018. In 2020 1258 cases were reported compared with 2271 cases in 2019. The decrease in 2020 might be connected to Covid-19 decreasing how often new cases are found.
Mycobacterium ulcerans grows at temperatures between 29–33 °C (Mycobacterium tuberculosis grows at 37 °C) and needs a low (2.5%) oxygen concentration. The organism produces a unique toxin – mycolactone – which causes tissue damage and inhibits the immune response.

The exact mode of transmission of M. ulcerans is still unknown.
Buruli ulcer often starts as a painless swelling in a particular place (nodule), a large painless area of induration (plaque) or a painless swelling over a large area of the legs, arms or face (oedema). The disease may progress with no pain and fever. Without treatment or sometimes during antibiotics treatment, the nodule, plaque or oedema will ulcerate within 4 weeks. Bone is occasionally affected, causing deformities.
The disease has been classified into three categories of severity: Category I single small lesion (32%), Category II non-ulcerative and ulcerative plaque and oedematous forms (35%) and Category III disseminated and mixed forms such as osteitis, osteomyelitis and joint involvement (33%).
Lesions frequently occur in the limbs: 35% on the upper limbs, 55% on the lower limbs, and 10% on the other parts of the body. Health workers should be careful in the diagnosis of Buruli ulcer in patients with lower leg lesions to avoid confusion with other causes of ulceration such as diabetes, arterial and venous insufficiency lesion.

In most cases, experienced health professionals in the areas Buruli ulcers are common can make a reliable clinical diagnosis but training is essential.

Differential diagnoses of Buruli ulcer include tropical phagedenic ulcers, chronic lower leg ulcers due to arterial and venous insufficiency (often in elderly populations), diabetic ulcers, cutaneous leishmaniasis, extensive ulcerative yaws and ulcers caused by Haemophilus ducreyi.
Early nodular lesions may be confused with boils, lipomas, ganglions, lymph node tuberculosis, onchocerciasis nodules or deep fungal subcutaneous infections. 

In Australia, papular lesions may at first be confused with an insect bite.
HIV infection complicates the management of the patient, making clinical progression more aggressive and resulting in poor treatment outcomes. WHO has published a technical guide to help clinicians in the management of co-infection. 

Four standard laboratory methods can be used to confirm Buruli ulcer: IS2404 polymerase chain reaction (PCR), direct microscopy, histopathology and culture.
Cellulitis may look like oedema caused by M. ulcerans infection but in the case of cellulitis, the lesions are painful and the patient is ill and febrile.

In 2019, WHO established the Buruli ulcer Laboratory Network for Africa 2 to help strengthen PCR confirmation in 9 endemic countries in Africa. 13 laboratories participate in this network - supported by the American Leprosy Missions, Anesvad, Raoul Follereau Foundation and the Foundation for Innovative Diagnostic and coordinated by the Pasteur Center of Cameroon.
In 2021, WHO completed on online consultation for a draft document on Target Product Profiles3 to develop rapid test for the diagnosis of Buruli ulcer. 

The final document to be published in 2022 will guide manufacturers in the development of appropriate diagnostic tests. With the availability of simple oral treatment for Buruli ulcer, a rapid test to allow early confirmation of diagnosis can facilitate the timely management of the disease. The turnaround time of a PCR test is too long.

Treatment consists of a combination of antibiotics and complementary treatments. Treatment guidance for health workers can be found in the WHO publication Treatment of mycobacterium ulcerans disease (Buruli ulcer).

A recent study suggests the combination of rifampicin (10 mg/kg once daily) and clarithromycin (7.5 mg/kg twice daily) is now the recommended treatment.

In Australia, a combination of rifampicin (10 mg/kg once daily) and moxifloxacin (400 mg once daily) is routinely used with good results but its effectiveness has not been proven.

Efforts to shorten the duration of treatment are in progress involving two studies:


Interventions such as wound and lymphoedema management and surgery (mainly debridement and skin grafting) are used to speed up healing, thereby shortening the duration of hospitalization. Physiotherapy is needed in severe cases to prevent disability. Those left with disability require long-term rehabilitation. These same interventions are applicable to other neglected tropical diseases, such as leprosy and lymphatic filariasis.

There are currently no primary preventive measures for Buruli ulcer. The mode of transmission is not known. Bacillus Calmette–Guérin (BCG) vaccination appears to provide limited protection.

The objective of Buruli ulcer control is to minimize the suffering, disabilities and socioeconomic burden. Early detection and antibiotic treatment are the cornerstones of the control strategy.

These are the core indicators to measure the progress in the control of Buruli ulcer;

WHO provides technical guidance, develops policies, and coordinates control and research efforts. WHO brings together all major actors involved in Buruli ulcer on a regular basis to share information, coordinate disease control and research efforts, and monitor progress.

WHO supports worked towards three research priorities:
To ensure efficiency, sustainability and scale, WHO recommends that Buruli ulcer control should be integrated within skin NTDs approach adapted to the diseases present in a particular country. WHO has developed a Skin App to assist health workers in the field in the diagnosis of skin NTDs including Buruli ulcer.

Deborah Coleman

Deborah Coleman (October 3, 1956 – April 12, 2018) was an American blues musician and singer-songwriter. Coleman won the Orville Gibson Award for "Best Blues Guitarist, Female" in 2001, and was nominated for a W.C. Handy Blues Music Award nine times. She was born in Portsmouth, Virginia. She was known for her songs such as "Takin' a Stand", "Soft Place to Fall", and "Soul Be It".

Coleman died of complications from bronchopneumonia on April 12, 2018 at the age of 61.

Dona Ivone Lara

Yvonne Lara da Costa (April 13, 1921 – April 16, 2018), better known as Dona Ivone Lara, was a Brazilian singer and composer. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. Before her music career began, she was a nurse. Her career as a composer came in 1965, with "Os cinco bailes da história do Rio" (The Five Balls of the History of Rio) when she became the first woman to become part of the ala de compositores (Wing of the Composers) of a samba school.

Among the interpreters of her songs are such singers and artists as Clara Nunes, Roberto Ribeiro, Maria Bethânia, Caetano Veloso, Gilberto Gil, Paula Toller, Paulinho da Viola, Beth Carvalho, Mariene de Castro e Roberta Sá.

Lara died in Rio de Janeiro on April 16, 2018 of cardiac arrest at the age of 97.


Big Tom

Tom McBride (18 September 1936 – 17 April 2018), known as Big Tom, was an Irish country, traditional, easy listening singer, guitarist, and saxophone player. He was born in Castleblayney, Monaghan, Ireland.

With a career spanning over five decades, he started his career in 1966 as the frontman of the Irish showband Big Tom and The Mainliners.

McBride died on 17 April 2018 at the age of 81.


Carl Kasell

Carl Kasell (; April 2, 1934 – April 17, 2018) was an American radio personality. He was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He was best known as a newscaster for National Public Radio and later as the official judge and scorekeeper of the weekly news quiz show "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" until his retirement in 2014.

Kasell died on April 17, 2018 from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Potomac, Maryland at the age of 84.


Katmai National Park

Katmai National Park was started in 1918 in southern Alaska, United States. It protects the region surrounding Mount Katmai and the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes, which is an area of lava flows and ash created by a huge volcano eruption. The volcano is still active today. The park has salmon and thousands of brown bears. The Katmai National Park includes a tundra, forests, lakes and mountains.

Yushan (mountain)

Yushan (), also called Mount Jade and Mount Yu is a mountain in Taiwan. It is the tallest mountain in Taiwan because it is above sea level. The mountain used to be called Mount Morrison, but it isn't called that anymore. That name was named after Robert Morrison, who is a missionary. The mountain is usually called Yushan or Mount Jade.

In the winter, the top of Yushan usually has a lot of thick snow. The snow makes the top shine like jade. That is why it is called Mount Jade. Yushan and all the mountains around it are part of the Yushan Range of mountains. The Yushan Range is in Yushan National Park. The area has the largest amount of natural space that has not been developed. It has a lot of forests and many types of animals.

Etsuko Ichihara

Ichihara was born in Chiba, Chiba Prefecture in Japan. The first movie she was in was "Rikō na oyomesan". After she won an award at the 1959 Geijutsusai because of acting in "Chidori", she became the star of Haiyuza. She left the group in 1971. In 1990, she won the Japan Academy Prize for being the "best supporting actress". This is because of her acting in "Black Rain". Her husband was Satoshi Shiomi, who was a movie director. Shiomi died in 2014.

Ichihara was hospitalised in early December 2018. This was because she had issues with her cecum. She got better and appeared on a Japanese talk show on 21 December 2018. She left the hospital on 30 December 2018. She was hospitalised again on 5 January 2019. She died on 12 January 2019 from heart failure at the age of 82. This was in a Tokyo hospital.

Henri Landwirth

Henri Landwirth (March 7, 1927 – April 16, 2018) was a Belgian-American hotelier and philanthropist. He was the founder of Give Kids The World and Dignity U Wear. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium. He was a Holocaust survivor.

Landwirth first worked in New York City and then in 1954 became manager of the Starlight Motel in Cocoa Beach, Florida. He owned the Seralago Hotel & Suites Main Gate East near Orlando, Florida.

Landwirth died at his Jacksonville, Florida home on April 16, 2018 at the age of 91.

Lía Bermúdez

Lía Bermúdez (August 4, 1930 – October 22, 2021) was a Venezuelan sculptor. She was born in Caracas, Venezuela. She was a student of the masters Julio Narváez and Francisco Maragall. Her works were shown in Washington, D.C., New York City, Mexico City, and London. She was awarded the Order of the Liberator Knighthood, an award from the University of Carabobo.

Bermúdez died on October 22, 2021 at the age of 91.


2018–19 Premier League

The 2018–19 Premier League was the 27th Premier League season. Manchester City won the title while Liverpool was runner-up. Wolverhampton Wanderers, Cardiff City and Fulham joined as the promoted clubs from the 2017–18 EFL Championship. They replaced West Bromwich Albion, Swansea City and Stoke City who were relegated to the 2018–19 EFL Championship. The season started on 11 August 2018 and finished on 19 May 2019.

This season had two aviation accidents that involved people from the Premier League. On 27 October 2018, Leicester City owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha was killed in a helicopter crash outside the King Power Stadium, shortly after a 1–1 home draw against West Ham United and then almost three months later, on 21 January 2019, Cardiff City player Emiliano Sala, who had already agreed a deal with Cardiff City following his record signing from Nantes, died on board a Piper PA-46 Malibu aircraft that crashed off Alderney while he was going to England for completing the medical formalities.

On 30 March 2019, Huddersfield Town were the first team to be relegated, after a 2–0 defeat at Crystal Palace. They were relegated with six games remaining. This made them the only second team to be relegated before the end of March in the history of premier league, the other one being Derby County who were relegated in 2007–08. On 2 April 2019, Fulham followed Huddersfield after a 4-1 defeat at Watford with five games remaining.

Twenty teams will compete in the league this season, out of which, seventeen teams will be from the previous season of premier league, and three new teams which get promoted from the EFL Championship. The teams who will play in premier league for this season are :

Wolverhampton played in the Premier League for the first time since 2012.

Teams promoted to the Premier League

Teams relegated to the EFL Championship




2018 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2018 UEFA Champions League Final was the last game of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League, Europe's top club football tournament run by UEFA. It was played at the NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine on 26 May 2018. The game was between reigning champions Real Madrid, and five-time winners Liverpool. Madrid opened the scoring in the second half with a goal from Karim Benzema, but Liverpool quickly equalised through Sadio Mané. Gareth Bale then scored two goals for Real Madrid to win the game, which finished 3-1.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

The "home" team (for business reasons) was decided by an extra draw held after the semi-final draw. It was held on 13 April 2018, at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Special Operations Executive

The Special Operations Executive (SOE) was a British World War II organisation. It was officially formed on 22 July 1940 under Minister of Economic Warfare Hugh Dalton. It was formed by combining three existing secret organisations. Its purpose was to conduct espionage, sabotage and reconnaissance in occupied Europe against the Axis powers, and to aid local resistance movements. Later there were also reconnaissance missions in occupied Southeast Asia.

One of the organisations from which SOE was created was also involved in the formation of the Auxiliary Units, a top secret "stay-behind" resistance organisation which would have been activated in the event of a German invasion of Britain.

Few people were aware of SOE's existence. Those who were part of it or liaised with it sometimes referred to as the "Baker Street Irregulars", after the location of its London headquarters. It was also known as "Churchill's Secret Army" or the "Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare". Its various branches, and sometimes the organisation as a whole, were concealed for security purposes behind names such as the "Joint Technical Board" or the "Inter-Service Research Bureau", or fictitious branches of the Air Ministry, Admiralty or War Office.

SOE operated in all countries or former countries occupied by or attacked by the Axis forces, except where demarcation lines were agreed with Britain's principal Allies (the Soviet Union and the United States). It also made use of neutral territory on occasion, or made plans and preparations in case neutral countries were attacked by the Axis. The organisation directly employed or controlled just over 13,000 people, about 3,200 of whom were women.

After the war, the organisation was officially dissolved on 15 January 1946. A memorial to SOE's agents was unveiled on the Albert Embankment by Lambeth Palace in London in October 2009.

Boreads

The Boreads () are the twin sons of Boreas, the god of the north wind in Greek mythology. Their names are Calaïs and Zethes (). 

They were the sons of Boreas and Oreithyia, daughter of King Erechtheus of Athens. They were described as being able to run as fast as the wind or able to fly, due to having large wings either on their feet or backs. They were Argonauts, joining Jason on his quest for the Golden Fleece.

2018 Pacific hurricane season

2018 Pacific hurricane season was a hurricane season in which the tropical cyclones was formed in the Western Hemisphere. The first storm formed around May 10 and the last storm died around November 5.

The following list of names will be used for naming storms that will be formed in the Eastern Pacific in 2018. Any retired names will be announced by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) during the Spring 2019. The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2024 season. This is the same list used in the 2012 season.



Berkeley County, West Virginia

Berkeley County is a county in West Virginia. It is the 2nd most populated county in West Virginia with the 2020 census reporting that 122,076 people lived in Berkeley County. The county seat is Martinsburg, West Virginia.

Berkeley County was formed from Frederick County, Virginia in 1772 and named for Lord Norborne Berkeley. For most of Berkeley County's history, Martinsburg has been its largest city. The arrival of the B&O Railroad in the 1840s gave Martinsburg and Berkeley County a significant economic boost. As the American Civil War was being fought, much of Berkeley county was ransacked and fought over. The first major battle in the area occurred on July 2, 1861, when the American General Robert Patterson crossed the Potomac River at Williamsport and defeated the Confederate General Joseph E. Johnston and General Thomas J. “Stonewall” Jackson. In the October of 1862, the Martinsburg B&O Railroad complex and Roundhouses were burned. After November 1863, Berkeley County became a part of West Virginia. Since then, Berkley County has experienced huge growth due to being close to the US capital, Washington, D.C. 

Berkeley County is located in a Humid subtropical climate. It has varying temperatures with an average high of 86 degrees in July, and a low of 22 degrees in January. Berkeley County receives rainfall all year, with summers being wetter that winter. It receives 26 inches of snow a year on average. Berkeley County also receives 39 inches of rain per year.

Robert Holmes (American football)

Robert Holmes (October 5, 1945 – April 14, 2018) was a former American football running back. He was born in Huntsville, Texas. He played College football at Southern University and professionally in the American Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs, and in the National Football League for the Chiefs, the Houston Oilers, and the San Diego Chargers. 

Holmes died on April 14, 2018 in Regina, Saskatchewan of complications from eye neoplasm at the age of 72.

 

Huntsville, Texas

Huntsville is a city in and the county seat of Walker County, Texas, United States. The population was 45,941 as of the 2020 census. Sam Houston lived here and it was his hometown.

Igor Chislenko

Igor Leonidovich Chislenko (, 4 January 1939 — 22 September 1994) was a Soviet football player. He played over 200 games for FC Dynamo Moscow. He also played for the USSR national football team, appearing 53 times, and scoring 20 goals. He was on the 1962 and 1966 World Cup teams.

Frank Drowota

Frank F. Drowota III (July 7, 1938 – April 15, 2018) was an American lawyer. He served as Chief Justice of the Tennessee Supreme Court twice from 1989 to 1990 and again from 2000 to 2005. He was born in Williamsburg, Kentucky.

Drowota died in Nashville, Tennessee on April 15, 2018 at the age of 79.

Paul Singer (economist)

Paul Israel Singer (24 March 1932 – 16 April 2018) was an Austrian-born Brazilian economist and scholar. From 1979 he returned to teaching, as a professor at the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo (PUC-SP), where he remained for four years, having been head of the Department of Economics and member of the University Council. 

In 1980 he was one of the founders of the Workers' Party.

Singer died on 16 April 2018 in São Paulo, São Paulo at the age of 86.

Vel Phillips

Velvalea Rodgers "Vel" Phillips (February 18, 1923 – April 17, 2018) was an American attorney and civil rights activist. She served as a local official and judge in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and as Secretary of State of Wisconsin, the first woman and African-American elected to that state position, from 1979 to 1983.

Phillips died under hospice care in Milwaukee at age 95 on April 17, 2018.


Grashof number

The Grashof number (Gr) represents forced convection in a heat transfer system. It can be found using the relation of Ra/Pr, where Ra is the Rayleigh's number and Pr is Prandtl's Number.

Pectoralis major muscle

The pectoralis major is a thick, fan-shaped muscle, on the chest (front) of the human body. 

It makes up most of the chest muscles, and is under the breast. In sports as well as bodybuilding, the pectoral muscles may be referred to as "pecs", "pectoral muscle" or "chest muscle" because it is the larger surface muscle in the chest area.

Seigneur

Seigneur (, ) was used during medieval times. It was the name formerly given in France to someone who had been granted a fief by the ruling king or queen, with all its associated rights over people and property. This form of lordship was called seigneurie. The rights that the seigneur had were also called seigneurie, and the seigneur himself was the "seigneur justice" because he exercised jurisdiction over his fief. France repealed its feudal system August 4, 1789 in the wake of the French Revolution. Since then, the office of seigneur ceased to exist, and the title has only been used for sovereign princes and only by their families.

The part of Canada that was once called New France also used a seigneurial system from 1627 to 1854.

Fire blanket

A fire blanket is a type of blanket that can be used to put out a fire. A fire blanket includes fire-resistant material to prevent it from burning when it is being used.

Like the fire extinguisher, it is a fire safety material. It can be used in high temperatures.

Control Machete

Control Machete were an Mexican rap group from Monterrey, Nuevo León, and its members were Fermín IV, Pato Machete and DJ Toy Selectah.

The rap group started in 1996 and lasted until 2004.
Control Machete achieved in just 6 months to sell 500 thousand units from their disk Mucho Barato both in México as América. Their capacity of convocation were presented before the crowds of 10.000 people in Spain with great success performing concerts throughout South America presented an total audience estimated more than 458 thousand people. It has been such an impact that they have generated, that they have been in charge of several events of carving international as it is the concert of the multi-awarded alternative musician David Bowie in the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez before more than 40 thousand people.

Later, Control Machete would face a challenging challenge entering fully into the major leagues to be the official opening group of the most important tour of the year in Mexico: Pop Mart, of the Irish band U2. And if that were not enough, they were in charge of opening the 50 Cent's concert that was offered in Mexico at the Palacio de los Deportes in March 2004. They were invited to participate in several compilations, highlighting the album of José José's tribute (BMG, 1998), where they played Amnesia, and 2001 they were also in the tribute to the Argentine band Soda Stereo, playing the song Camaleón. They participated in Outlandos D'Americas (EMI, 1998), the album that pays homage to The Police.

The group participated in a national tour with Molotov, on tour Molochete, teniendo gran aceptación en México. In 2001 one of the members, Fermin IV left his career as solo of Christian music, becoming a Pastor of the Congregation "Semilla de Mostaza" in Mexico City, has been influence for many young people leave from gangs and follow the example, also is the vocalist of the group with the same name.



Intel Core i9

Intel Core i9 (Codename Skylake) is a name that Intel uses for the computer processors it makes for desktop and laptop computers. It part of the Intel Core series of processors.

They can have a Cache of 17-25 MB, 12-18 Cores and 24-36 Threads, depending on the processor.

Kinto Sol

Kinto Sol is a hip-hop group from Irámuco, Guanajuato, México. The members are three brothers: DJ Payback García (Javier García), El Chivo (Eduardo García) and the leader of the group Skribe (Manuel García).


Cartel de Santa

Cartel de Santa is a Mexican hip hop group from Santa Catarina, Nuevo León. The group began its activities in 1996 under different names and members before taking its final name and alignment. The group is composed of the main vocalist Eduardo Dávalos De Luna (Babo) el and Román Rodríguez, better known as "Rowan" Rabia", Monoplug or simply Mono, Dharius was part of the group but it was separated from it in mid 2013. Cartel de Santa continues to be one of the most popular Mexican rap groups worldwide, it is also one of the groups of Spanish speaking best sellers of all time, achieving different certifications for their high sales.

The group rose to fame in 2003, releasing their first album titled "Cartel de Santa: Vol. I". The album included songs that became hits, such as: "Asesinos de Asesinos", "Cannabis Sativa", "La Pelotona", and "Todas mueren por mí". This album was produced by Jason Roberts, who has also produced for artists such as: Cypress Hill, Ice Cube, House of Pain, Control Machete and Plastilina Mosh That same year, Cartel de Santa, launched a musical video of the song "Perros", which was broadcast to Latin America by MTV. However, the most important album of his career was released a year later, in 2004, titled Cartel de Santa Vol. II, which included songs such as "Blah Blah Blah ", La Llamada", "Crónica Babilonia", "El Arte del Engaño" and "El Dolor del Micro" (featuring Julieta Venegas).

In 2006, Cartel de Santa recorded his third album, called Cartel de Santa, Vol. Prohibido that included the singles "Cheka Wey" (which also featured a music video); "Hey Si me Ven"; "Súbele A La Greibol"; "Mexico, Lindo Y Bandido" and "La Ranfla Del Cartel". A few months later, Babo was arrested for accidentally killing one of his friends, the state deemed him a qualified homicide. Because of this, the group released a compilation album Greatest Hits and some extra themes to raise funds and release the rapper from prison. Babo was released nine months later in January 2008.

In February of 2008, the band released their fourth album, which contains songs like "Babo Regresa", "Cosas de la vida", "De Mexico El Autentico", "Brillo Humillo", "Vato Sencillo", which narrate about the months that MC Babo was in prison, about how he killed his friend, and about the fact that they continued making music. The first single was "Hay Mamita"



Dharius

Alan Alejandro Maldonado Tamez (born September 24, 1984) better known by his stage name Dharius (previously MC Dharius) and also as DHA and El Tirano, is an MC and ex Mexican-member of the group of rap Cartel de Santa.

It was not more than a year since the creation of "La Real Academia de La Rima" for Dharius to be invited (like Babo) to be part of "La Artillería Pesada", a group founded by Fermín IV, leader singer of Control Machete, the maximum rap exponent at that time. Dharius and Babo join Artilleria Pesada and record an album in which great international rappers like El Meswy (One of the best rappers in Spain) took part but in spite of all the production, the record never came out light due to reasons still unknown. In 2002, Dharius is invited by Babo as a supporter in the tour of the first album of Cartel de Santa. Dharius accepts and begins to travel throughout Mexico with this group. In 2003, Cartel de Santa is invited to participate with a song in the tribute to the great Mexican singer-songwriter José Alfredo Jiménez titled "XXX", the group accepts and Babo invites Dharius to collaborate with them in the reissue of the song "Ella". This would be the second recording of Dharius with Cartel de Santa (He had already collaborated with them in the song Super MC's, included in the first self-titled album of the group) and would also be the song with which, a few months later, the group would win his first gold record for its high sales.



Cordyceps

Cordyceps is a genus of ascomycete fungi (sac fungi) with about 400 species. Most "Cordyceps" species are parasitoids. They live on and "in" insects and other arthropods. A few are parasitic on other fungi. The name "Cordyceps" is taken from the Greek word κορδύλη "kordýlē", meaning "club", and the Latin stem "-ceps", meaning "head".

The genus has a worldwide distribution. Most of the 400 species which have been described come from Asia Nepal, China, Japan, Bhutan, Korea, Vietnam, and Thailand. "Cordyceps" species are particularly abundant and diverse in humid temperate and tropical forests.

Brookfield, Connecticut

Brookfield is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut. It was founded in 1788. In 2020, 17,528 people lived in the town.

Lynn Stout

Lynn A. Stout (September 14, 1957 – April 16, 2018) was an American corporate law scholar. She was the Distinguished Professor of Corporate & Business Law at the Cornell Law School. Before, she worked as Professor of Corporate and Securities Law at UCLA Law School. Her work was about researching, writing on, and teaching about corporate law, securities and derivatives regulation, law and economics, and prosocial behavior and law. 

Stout died on April 16, 2018 at the age of 61 of cancer. 


Platonic crystal

Platonic crystals are periodic structures which are designed to guide flexural wave energy through thin elastic plates.

The study of platonic crystals is referred to as "platonics" and does not refer to the teachings of Plato or the Platonic solids. Platonic crystals are also named after plate, not Plato. The term is now used very commonly by many research groups in Australia, New Zealand, France, and the United Kingdom.

T. V. R. Shenoy

T. V. R Shenoy (1941 – April 17, 2018) was an Indian journalist and columnist. Shenoy had served as the editor of the weekly news magazine "The Week" and "Sunday Mail" and held many posts in "The Indian Express" and "Malayala Manorama". He was born in Kerala, India.

He was a member of the Board of Trustees of India First Foundation. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan award in 2003.

Shenoy died on April 17, 2018 at a hospital in Mangalore, India at the age of 77.


Henk Schouten

Henk Schouten (16 April 1932 – 18 April 2018) was a Dutch footballer. He was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He was active as a midfielder. Schouten made his debut at Excelsior Rotterdam and also played for Holland Sport and Feijenoord.

Schouten died of pancreatic cancer on 18 April 2018 in Rotterdam at the age of 86.


Cornelius Jakobs

Metropolitan Cornelius Jakobs ( or secular name Vjatšeslav Vassiljevitš Jakobs, or Vyacheslav Vasilyevich Yakobs, ; 19 June 1924 – 19 April 2018) was the Metropolitan bishop of Tallinn and All Estonia, the head of the Estonian Orthodox Church of Moscow Patriarchate from 1992 until his death in 2018. He was born in Tallinn. He became the oldest bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church and celebrated his 90th birthday in 2014.

Jakobs died on 19 April 2018 in Tallinn at the age of 93.


Call for the Dead

Call for the Dead is John le Carré's first novel. It introduces George Smiley. Smiley is the most famous character who appears often in le Carré's books. The story is about East German spies in Great Britain. "Call for the Dead" was made into a movie called "The Deadly Affair" that came out in 1966.

A Murder of Quality

A Murder of Quality is the second novel by John le Carré. The main character is George Smiley. This is the only book about Smiley that is not about spying. It is a murder mystery.

George Smiley is a retired spy. Ailsa Brimley was a spy with him during World War II. Brimley is the editor of a small Christian magazine. She tells Smiley that she got a letter from a reader, Stella Rode. Rode wrote that her husband wants to kill her. Stella Rode is murdered. Smiley travels to Carne to investigate.

John le Carré changed the novel to make a television program for Thames Television. "A Murder of Quality" was shown on ITV in 1991. It stars:

The Spy Who Came in from the Cold

The Spy Who Came in from the Cold is a 1963 Cold War spy novel by the British author John le Carré. Alec Leamas is a British agent. He is sent to East Germany as a part of trick to spread lies and confusion about a powerful East German spy. In 1965 Martin Ritt directed the movie of the novel, "The Spy Who Came in from the Cold", with Richard Burton as Leamas.




Luis Montes Mieza

Luis Montes Mieza (1949 – 19 April 2018) was a Spanish anesthetist and pro-euthanasia activist. He was the Federal President of the association "Derecho a Morir Dignamente" from 2009 till his death in 2018.

Montes died on 19 April 2018, of a heart attack, while driving to Molina de Segura, Region of Murcia at the age of 68 or 69.

Walter Moody

Walter Leroy Moody, Jr. (March 24, 1935 – April 19, 2018) was an American convicted murderer. He was sentenced to death in Alabama for the 1989 letter bomb murder of Robert S. Vance, a US federal judge serving on the Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit.

After an extensive investigation, Moody and his second wife, Susan McBride, were arrested on July 13, 1990. McBride was released on $250,000 bail within a week and later testified against Moody. 

Moody was executed by lethal injection on April 19, 2018 in Escambia County, Alabama at the age of 83. He became the oldest death row inmate to be executed in modern United States history.

Piccolo trumpet

The Picolo trumpet is a smaller version of the trumpet, that is also tuned an octave higher than the regular trumpet. Since the 19th century, regular trumpets have three valves. The piccolo usually has four valves. Note also that the piccolo trumpet is different from the pocket trumpet. A pocket trumpet has the same tonal range as a regular trumpet; it is just built differently (to be smaller). 

A piccolo trumpet has another characteristic tone, which can easily be distinguished from that of a regular trumpet. 

The piccolo was developed in the first quarter of the 20th century, mostly by Julius Kosleck. Kosleck used it to make it easier to play baroque music. Note however, that at the time of Johann Sebastian Bach, the trumpets had no valves; these were added in the 19th century. 

Piccolo trumpets could not establish themselves in Jazz music, but they are often used to play classical trumpet. 

The trumpet is a "noble instrument"; it is often used to play high-pitched notes. Such notes are easier to play with a Piccolo. Because of its construction, the piccolo cannot play the first octave of the classical trumpet. 

Like the regular trumpet, the piccolo is a transposing instrument. 

Jim Halpert

Jim Halpert is a fictional character in the U.S. version of the television sitcom The Office (U.S. TV series). He is played by actor John Krasinski. His character serves as the intelligent, mild-mannered straight man role to Michael Scott.

Jim Halpert's personality is usually sarcastic and he is known for his quick-witted comments. He is 6 foot 3 inches and weighs 180 pounds. He has a relationship with Pam Beesly and eventually got married to her later on in the seasons.

Alex Janvier

Alex Simeon Janvier (born February 28, 1935) is an aboriginal artist from Canada. He is often called the "first Canadian aboriginal modernist". He is of Denesuline and Saulteaux descent.

Bled

Bled is a town in northwestern Slovenia.

Robert L. Butler

Robert L. Butler (January 23, 1927 – April 22, 2019) was an American politician. He served as the Mayor of Marion, Illinois from May 1963 until he resigned on January 31, 2018 for health reasons. At the time of his resignation, he was the second longest serving mayor in the United States. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Butler was born in Marion. He studied law at the University of Illinois. He died on April 22, 2019, at the age of 92.

Luisa Pastor Lillo

Luisa Pastor Lillo (10 October 1948 – 18 April 2018), was a Spanish politician. In the Spanish local elections, 2003, Luisa Pastor obtained the absolute majority for the first time for her party in San Vicente, taking 11 of the 21 council members of the Plenary. In the 2015 municipal elections, Luisa Pastor was presenting her fifth term as mayor.

On 10 October 2014, a judge decided to investigate her for the possible relations with the corruption scandal "Brugal case". On 22 October 2015, after 5 months as a councilor in the opposition, she decided to renounce her councilor's act for personal reasons.

Luisa Pastor died on 18 April 2018, at the age of 69, of cancer.

Jeanne Wilson

Jeanne Elizabeth Wilson (February 18, 1926 – April 18, 2018) was an American competition swimmer. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. She competed in the 200-meter breaststroke, recording a time of 3:18.3.

Wilson died on April 18, 2018 in Lafayette, Indiana at the age of 92.

Roy Bentley

Roy Thomas Frank Bentley (17 May 1924 – 20 April 2018) was an English football player and manager. He was born in Bristol, England. Bentley was an England international for six years from 1950 to 1956. With his death in 2018, he was the last surviving player from England's 1950 World Cup squad.

Bentley played 367 games for Chelsea and captained the club to their first League Championship in the 1954–55 season. He also won 12 caps for the England national side. He later became a manager. Bentley was, for a time, one of England's top centre forwards.

Bentley died on 20 April 2018, in Reading, Berkshire at the age of 93.

Source:

Pedro Erquicia

Pedro Erquicia López de Montenegro (24 March 1943 – 20 April 2018) was a Spanish journalist and television producer. He was born in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Spain. His career began in 1956 when he began working for Televisión Española. He hosted the TVE's newscast "Telediario" (1972-1973).

In 1973 Erquicia created one of the longest running programs in Spanish television: "Informe Semanal". In 1987 he was fired by TVE and later he joined the then recently created public broadcaster Telemadrid.

In April 2008, Erquicia announced his retirement. He died ten years later, on 20 April 2018 in Madrid of a long-illness at the age of 75.

Rajinder Sachar

Rajindar Sachar (22 December 1923 – 20 April 2018) was a Pakistani-born Indian lawyer and political activist. He served as Chief Justice of the Delhi High Court in 1985. He was a member of the United Nations Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights. He has served as a counsel for the People's Union for Civil Liberties.

On 16 August 2011 Sachar was arrested in New Delhi during protests over the detention of Anna Hazare and his supporters.

Sachar died in New Delhi on 20 April 2018 of pneumonia at the age of 94.

Jaroslav Seifert

Jaroslav Seifert (; 23 September 1901 – 10 January 1986) was a Nobel Prize–winning Czechoslovak writer, poet and journalist. In 1984, Seifert won the Nobel Prize in Literature.


Pavel Šrut

Pavel Šrut (3 April 1940 – 20 April 2018) was a Czech poet, translator and children's writer. He was born in Prague. He studied at Charles University. He was known for his written works "Brožované básně" and "Šišatý švec a myšut".

Apart from his celebrated poetry and books for children, he was also a translator from English and Spanish. His translations include books of Dylan Thomas, Robert Graves, D. H. Lawrence, Leonard Cohen, John Updike, Federico García Lorca, and others.

He was a frequent guest and worked at Western Michigan University in the summer.

Šrut died in Zdice, Czech Republic of a heart attack on 20 April 2018 at the age of 78.

Shane Yarran

Shane Yarran (2 June 1989 – 20 April 2018) was a professional Australian rules footballer. He was raised in Midvale, Perth, Western Australia. He played for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was drafted with the 61st selection in the 2015 national draft.

On 20 April 2018, Yarran committed suicide in his Seville Grove, near Perth, Western Australia home at the age of 28.


No Tears Left to Cry

"No Tears Left to Cry" (written in lowercase) is a song by American singer Ariana Grande. It is the lead single from her fourth studio album, "Sweetener". The song and its music video were released on April 20, 2018. 

The song became Grande and Grimes's first chart-topper in Australia when it entered at the top of the ARIA Singles Chart. It entered at number two in the UK and at three in her home country of the US. With the song, she became the first act to have the first singles from four albums enter in the top ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

After taking a break from social media since New Year's Eve 2017, Grande promoted the release of the song on social media using upside-down, flipped font (ʎɹɔ oʇ ʇɟǝl sɹɐǝʇ ou). Meaghan Garvey from "Pitchfork" called the song "diva house" and the beat "UK garage-inspired," perhaps as a "nod to Manchester," referring to the May 2017 Manchester Arena bombing in England that occurred on Grande's Dangerous Woman Tour.

The video features Grande and Grimes in a city with dancers and climbing up buildings and streets at right angles. It was nominated at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Pop Video, Best Cinematography, Best Visual Effects, and Video of the Year, winning the first of these.

Jörg Schüttauf

Jörg Schüttauf (born 26 December 1961) is a German actor. He was born in Karl-Marx-Stadt, Germany. He studied at the Theaterhochschule Leipzig. He is known for his role in Hessischer Rundfunk version of the popular television crime series "Tatort".

Jesper Christensen

Jesper Christensen (; born 16 May 1948) is a Danish actor. He was born in Copenhagen. He is known for his roles in "The Interpreter" and "Revelations". He has also appeared as Mr. White in the James Bond movies "Casino Royale", "Quantum of Solace", and "Spectre".


Udo Kier

Udo Kier (born Udo Kierspe; 14 October 1944) is a German actor and voice actor. He has appeared in over 200 movies. He was born in Cologne, Germany.

Kier is known for his roles in Ron Camp in (1994), Curly in "Barb Wire", as a NASA flight psychologist in "Armageddon", and as Ralfi in the movie "Johnny Mnemonic".

Kier moved to Palm Springs, California in 1991.

Lafcadio Hearn

Patrick Lafcadio Hearn (; ; 27 June 1850 – 26 September 1904) was a writer. People know him for his books about Japan, especially his collections of Japanese legends and ghost stories, such as "". In the United States, Hearn also wrote about the city of New Orleans. He also used the Japanese name .

Hearn was born in and named after the island of Lefkada, one of the Greek Ionian Islands, on 27 June 1850. He was the son of Surgeon-Major Charles Bush Hearn (of County Offaly, Ireland) and Rosa Antoniou Kassimatis, a Greek woman.

A complex series of conflicts and events led to Lafcadio Hearn being moved from Greece to Ireland, where he was abandoned first by his mother (leaving him in the care of her husband's aunt), then his father, and finally by his father's aunt, who had been appointed his official guardian.

In 1857, he was seven years old. Both his parents were still alive, but his great aunt, Sarah Brenane, took care of him. Hearn began exploring Brenane's library and read a lot of Greek literature, especially myths.

In 1861, Hearn's aunt sent him to the Institution Ecclésiastique, a Catholic church school in Yvetot, France. Hearn learned to dislike Catholic education. Hearn became fluent in French and would later translate into English the works of Guy de Maupassant, who coincidentally attended the school shortly after Hearn's departure.

In 1863, entered St. Cuthbert's College, Ushaw, a Catholic seminary at what is now the University of Durham. At age 16, Hearn injured his left eye in a schoolyard accident. The eye became infected. He left school for one year. He became blind in that eye. Hearn also myopia, so he had poor vision for the rest of his life. Hearn was embarrassed by his appearance, so he covered his left eye.

In 1867, Henry Molyneux, who had become Sarah Brenane's financial manager, went bankrupt, along with Brenane. There was no money for tuition, and Hearn was sent to London's East End to live with Brenane's former maid. She and her husband had little time or money for Hearn, who wandered the streets, spent time in workhouses, and generally lived an aimless, rootless existence. His main intellectual activities consisted of visits to libraries and the British Museum.

By 1869, Henry Molyneux had some money. He bought Hearn a one-way ticket to New York and told him to go to Cincinnati, find Molyneux's sister and her husband, Thomas Cullinan, and ask them for help. Cullinan gave him $5 and wished him luck. He was very poor and lived in stables or store rooms in exchange for hard work. 

Hearn lived in New Orleans for nearly a decade. He worked for several newspapers and magazines. He also translated the French author Gautier into English. Hearn also published in "Harper's Weekly" the first known written article (1883) about Filipinos in the United States, the Manilamen or Tagalogs, one of whose villages he had visited at Saint Malo, southeast of Lake Borgne in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana.

Harper's sent Hearn to the West Indies as a correspondent in 1887. He spent two years in Martinique, He wrote for the magazine and wrote two books: "Two Years in the French West Indies" and "Youma, The Story of a West-Indian Slave", both published in 1890.

In 1890, Hearn went to Japan as a newspaper correspondent. In Japan, he found a home and his greatest inspiration. Basil Hall Chamberlain helped Hearn get a teaching job during the summer of 1890 at the Shimane Prefectural Common Middle School and Normal School in Matsue. The Lafcadio Hearn Memorial Museum and his old home are still two of Matsue's most popular tourist attractions. In Matsue, Hearn married Koizumi Setsu, the daughter of a local samurai family. They had four children together. He became a naturalized Japanese and changed his name to Koizumi Yakumo, in 1896. He followed many religions: first Greek Orthodox, then Roman Catholic, and, later on, Spencerian. Finally, he became Buddhist.

During late 1891, Hearn started teaching in Kumamoto, Kyūshū, at the Fifth Higher Middle School. He worked there for three years and completed his book "Glimpses of Unfamiliar Japan" (1894). In October 1894, he got a job as a journalist with the English-language newspaper "Kobe Chronicle". In 1896, he began teaching English literature at Tokyo Imperial University. He taught there until 1903. In 1904, he became a professor at Waseda University.

On 26 September 1904, he died of heart failure. He was 54 years old. His grave is at the Zōshigaya Cemetery in Toshima, Tokyo.

In the late 19th century, Westerners knew little about Japan. However, the Exposition Universelle of 1900 made Japanese styles fashionable in Western countries. So, Hearn became well-known because of his books about Japan. Later, some critics said Hearn made Japan seem too exotic. But, he gave the West some of its first descriptions of pre-industrial and Meiji Era Japan, so his work has value.

Source:


Trilingual Book: Greek, English tr. Constantine Fourakis, Japanese tr. Ban'ya Natsuishi 


Kevin Austin

Kevin Levi Austin (12 February 1973 – 23 November 2018) was an English-born Trinidadian professional footballer. He worked as a youth team coach for Scunthorpe United.

As a player, he was a defender from 1992 until 2012. He played over 100 league matches each for Leyton Orient, Lincoln City and Swansea City. He also played in the Football League for Barnsley, Brentford, Cambridge United, Bristol Rovers and Chesterfield. 

Austin also played Non-League football for Saffron Walden Town, Kettering Town, Darlington and Boston United.

Austin was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in April 2018. He died on 23 November 2018 from the disease at the age of 45.


Gabriel Byrne

Gabriel James Byrne (born 12 May 1950) is an Irish actor, movie director, movie producer, writer and audiobook narrator. In 2008, Byrne won a Golden Globe Award.

In movies, he is known for his roles in "Excalibur" (1981), "Miller's Crossing" (1990), "The Usual Suspects" (1995), "Stigmata" (1999), "End of Days" (1999), "Spider" (2002), "Jindabyne" (2006), "Vampire Academy" (2014) and "The 33" (2015).

Byrne co-wrote "The Last of the High Kings" (1996). Byrne has also produced several movies, including the Academy Award–nominated "In the Name of the Father" (1993).

In television, Byrne is known for his role as Paul Weston in the HBO drama "In Treatment" (2008–2011).


Reg Smythe

Reginald Smyth (10 July 1917 – 13 June 1998), known by his professional name Reg Smythe, was a British cartoonist. He created the popular, long-running "Andy Capp" comic strip.

Pancreatitis

Pancreatitis is inflammation of the pancreas. The pancreas is a large organ behind the stomach that produces digestive enzymes and a number of hormones.

There are two main types, acute pancreatitis and chronic pancreatitis. Signs and symptoms of pancreatitis include pain in the upper abdomen, nausea and vomiting. The pain often goes into the back and is usually severe.

The most common causes of acute pancreatitis are gallstones and heavy alcohol use.

Democratic Governors Association

The Democratic Governors Association (DGA) is a Washington, D.C. based 527 organization. It started in 1983. Members are U.S. state and territorial governors who are also members of the Democratic Party. 

The mission of the organization is to create party support to the election and re-election of Democratic governors. There is a similar Republican organization called the Republican Governors Association. The DGA is not directly connected with the non-partisan National Governors Association.

42nd President of the United States, Bill Clinton, was leader of the DGA in 1988.

The current leader of the association is Governor of New Jersey Phil Murphy since 2019. 

These people have been leaders of the DGA: John Connally, Zell Miller, Marvin Mandel, Dale Bumpers, Wendell H. Ford, Wendell Anderson, Reubin Askew, Philip W. Noel, Patrick Lucey, Brendan Byrne, Jim Hunt, Jerry Brown, Richard Riley, Dick Celeste, Michael Dukakis, Evan Bayh, Howard Dean, Tom Vilsack, Bill Richardson, Kathleen Sebelius, Dannel Malloy, and Jay Inslee.



Hayatabad

Hayatabad is a suburb in Peshawar, the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It was named after Hayat Sherpao, former Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and a famous leader of Pakistan Peoples Party. There are several different schools, colleges, a national University, public and private hospitals, private clinics, public parks etc.

Mitzi Hoag

Mitzi Hoag (born Margaret Hoag; September 25, 1932 – February 26, 2019) was an American actress. She appeared in more than 73 different TV shows and movies. Her best known roles are in "We'll Get By", "Bonanza", "Here Come the Brides", "The Facts of Life" and "The Partridge Family".

Hoag died on February 26, 2019 in Sherman Oaks, California, aged 86.

Michael Gross

Michael Edward Gross (born June 21, 1947) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Steven Keaton from the sitcom "Family Ties" (1982–1989) and the graboid hunter Burt Gummer from the "Tremors" movie franchise.


Cation

A cation is an ion with fewer electrons than protons. Therefore, it has a positive charge.

The electric charge on a proton is equal in amount to the charge on an electron. So, the total electric charge on an ion is the number of protons in the ion minus the number of electrons.


Westwood Memorial Park Cemetery

Westwood Memorial Park Cemetery is a cemetery in the Westwood Village of Los Angeles. It is located at 1218 Glendon Avenue in Westwood.

The cemetery was founded as Sunset Cemetery in 1905, but had been used for burials since the 1880s and was renamed with current name in 1926.

Although it is the resting place of some of the entertainment industry's greatest names, it also contains the graves of many uncelebrated people. For example, when Marilyn Monroe died in 1962, Joe DiMaggio, responsible for Monroe's arrangements, chose Westwood not because of its celebrities but because it was the resting place of Monroe's mother's friend, Grace Goddard, and Goddard's aunt, Ana Lower, both of whom had cared for Monroe as a child.

Procoptodon

Procoptodon is a genus of giant short-faced kangaroo living in Australia during the Pleistocene epoch.

"P. goliah" was the largest kangaroo known to have existed. It stood about tall. They weighed about . Other members of the genus were smaller. "Procoptodon gilli" was the smallest of the genus, only about tall.

They were browsers, not grazers like kangaroos today. They ate leaves from trees and shrubs. Their weight makes it likely that they did not hop as their relatives do today. A combination of climate change (cooling and shrinking of forest areas) would have reduced their natural habitat. Predation (hunting) by aboriginal humans probably happened.

Saltbushes were their main food source, so "Procoptodon goliah" relied on free-standing water to help process its salt-laden diet.

Microatoll

A microatoll is a circular colony of corals, near the surface of the ocean. Because the top is not in the water all the time, the corals at the top are dead. The corals which are not exposed to fresh air are still alive. The atoll will only grow in the areas which are in the water all the time. Microatolls may be up to in diameter. They are named for their resemblance to island atolls formed during the subsidence of volcanic islands, as originally suggested by Darwin (1842).

They have been used to monitor sea levels, in response to global warming. They have also been used to quantify and date changes in sea level in seismically active areas. Using microatolls, scientists were able to provide information about the water temperature at the surface of the sea.

Fang Bo

Fang Bo (; born 6 November 1992) is a Chinese table tennis player.

In 2009 he took part in the Youth- worldchampionships, where he won all four titles (Singles, Doubles, Mixed and Team).

In 2015 he became vice-world champion. He beat amongst other things Xu Xin and Zhang Jike, but he lost in the final to Ma Long.

Chiyo Miyako

Miyako was born in the Kanagawa prefecture.

With Chiyo's death, Kane Tanaka become the oldest recognized living person in both Japan and the world.

Bob Braden

Robert Braden (January 12, 1934 – April 15, 2018) was an American computer scientist. He played a role in the development of the Internet. His research interests included end-to-end network protocols, especially in the transport and internetwork layers.

Braden worked at the University of California, Los Angeles, Carnegie Mellon University and at the Internet Architecture Board (1981–1994). He retired in 2016.

Braden died on April 15, 2018 of myelodysplastic syndrome at the age of 84.


Constantine II of Greece

Constantine II (, "Konstantínos II"; 2 June 1940 – 10 January 2023) reigned as the King of Greece, from 1964 until the end of the monarchy of Greece in 1973. George I of Greece and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh were his relatives.

Constantine was the only son of King Paul and Queen Frederica of Greece. His family was forced to leave the country during the Second World War. For this reason, he spent the first years of his childhood in Egypt and South Africa. 

He returned to Greece with his family in 1946 during the Greek Civil War. King George II died in 1947. Constantine's father Paul became the new king. With this, Constantine became the crown prince.

Constantine became king in 1964 after the death of his father, King Paul. Later that year he married Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark. They had five children. 

At first, the new king was seen as a good sign. There was a lot of political instability during his reign, however. This instability led to the Colonels' Coup of 21 April 1967, when the Greek junta came to power. Constantine was still the head of state. There were no military forces which were loyal to him. For this reason, he was not able to do much. He agreed to inaugurate the junta, if most of the ministers were civilians. There was a coup against the junta, but it failed. 

For this reason, Constantine was forced to leave the country, on 3 December 1967. Formally, he was still the head of state in exile until the junta abolished the monarchy on 1 June 1973. The 1973 Greek republic referendum ratified the abolition. 

There were fears that people had been put under pressure, to vote for a republic. For this reason, some people did not accept the result of the referendum, as valid. A new referendum was held after democracy had been restored in 1974. 

This second referendum was held after the fall of the junta as the 1974 Greek republic referendum on 8 December 1974. The result was the same, though: the monarchy should be abolished, and the Third Hellenic Republic should be started. Constantine was not allowed to return to Greece to campaign. Nevertheless, he accepted the results of the referendum.

Constantine was also a good sailor. He competed at the 1960 Rome Olympics and won a gold medal in the Dragon class. Later he served on the International Olympic Committee. 

Along with his fellow crew members of the "Nireus" sailing vessel, he was named one of the 1960 Greek Athletes of the Year. When he won the medal, in 1960, he was twenty years old. This was the first medal in sailing for Greece, since the 1912 Summer Olympics.

When he aged, his health got worse. On 10 January 2023, he died of a stroke, in Athens.


Virginia Dighero

Virginia Dighero (married Zolezzi, 24 December 1891 – 28 December 2005) was an Italian supercentenarian. On 14 September 2005, she became the longest-lived person of Italian descent ever, having surpassed Amalia Ruggieri Barone, who was an emigrant to the United States. Dighero-Zolezzi died of ischaemia on 28 December 2005.

Dighero became the oldest living person in Europe on 30 August 2005 following the death of Hendrikje van Andel-Schipper of the Netherlands.

At the time of her death, she was the oldest ever documented person from Italy at the age of 114 years, 4 days - a title she held for more than five years, until being surpassed by Venere Pizzinato on 28 November 2010.

George I of Greece

George I (, "Geórgios I"; born Prince William of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg; ; 24 December 1845 – 18 March 1913) also known as Georgios I was King of Greece from 1863 until his assassination in 1913.

George's reign of almost 50 years (the longest in modern Greek history) was characterized by territorial gains as Greece established its place in pre-World War I Europe. He was the grandfather of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and great-grandfather of Charles III.

While out on an afternoon walk near the White Tower on 18 March 1913, he was shot at close range in the back by Alexandros Schinas, who was "said to belong to a Socialist organization" and "declared when arrested that he had killed the King because he refused to give him money". George died instantly, the bullet having penetrated his heart.


Monroe, Ohio

Monroe is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Ricardo Lagos

Ricardo Froilán Lagos Escobar (; born 2 March 1936) is a Chilean lawyer, economist and social democrat politician. He served as President of Chile from 2000 to 2006.

Since May 2007 he has served as a Special Envoy on Climate Change for the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and António Guterres.

He teaches political and economic development at Brown University in the United States.


Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle

Eduardo Alfredo Juan Bernardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle (; born June 24, 1941) is a Chilean politician and civil engineer. He was President of Chile from 1994 to 2000. He was also a Senator and later served as President of the Senate from 2006 to 2008.

He ran again for President, but was narrowly defeated in 2009. His father was Eduardo Frei Montalva who was President of Chile from 1964 to 1970.


With Chronos’ Permit

With Chronos’ Permit () is a novel by Russian writer Andrei Gusev, published in 1995.
Perestroika started in 1986. That was a period of restructuring in the Soviet Union. Hundreds of scientific workers are no longer needed. The main character of the novel is Ivan Zhuravlev and he is one of such unclaimed experts. He is looking for a new application. From the prestigious physics Zhuravlev goes in for journalism. Later, he uses journalistic contacts and comes in connection with an entrepreneur Boris Iossifovich Sytin. Zhuravlev calls him Ossi. Ossi is a chief of the “Chronos” company. Ossi convinces Zhuravlev to involve in the deal to resell to the West of rare metal osmium. This affair ends tragically for Ivan Zhuravlev – he dies because of the intentional air crash. 

Love to the girl was the best in the short life of Ivan Zhuravlev. Her name is Nastia. In their relationship something is from the famous movies by Claude Lelouch, who always glorifies man and woman created for each other.

This novel is a mix of a thriller and crime story. Some parts of the novel have a mystical component.


1. <BR>
2. НА ПОРОГЕ ХХI ВЕКА, Всероссийский ежегодник, М., «Московский Парнас», 2002 (с.92) <BR>
3. Всероссийский ежегодник НА ПОРОГЕ ХХI ВЕКА, М., «Московский Парнас», 2006 (с.85) <BR>
4. "" «Современная русская литература: знаковые имена (статьи, рецензии, интервью)», “Litres”, 2015. — 278 c. (М., «Вест-Консалтинг», 2012) ISBN 5457199517, ISBN 9785457199514
<BR><BR>

Rekawka

Rekawka - a Polish folk festival celebrated on the first Tuesday after Easter Sunday in Krakow, on the Krak Mound (also known as Krakus Mound). It is an ancient tumulus, not far from one of the oldest churches in Krakow – St. Benedict’s church.

Rekawka’s beginnings go back to the ancient Slavic springtime celebrations, called Dziady. For ancient Slavs, spring was a time of burning sacred fires to celebrate the dead, and of planting sacred groves. They also had the custom of leaving food for the dead. The Krak Mound might have been one of such places where they held their celebrations.

These ancient Slavic traditions evolved over time, and customs changed. In the 19th century, it was customary for rich citizens of Krakow to throw coins, apples, sweets and boiled eggs down the grassy slope of the Krak Mound to be picked up by poor local people. Some historians see it as a continuation of the Slavic traditions of leaving food for the dead.

The name of the festival, Rekawka, might go back to the times of a legendary Slavic prince, Krak (or, Krakus). The legend says that Krak was the founder of the city of Kraków, and a great ruler. After his death, the people of Kraków built a high mound in his honour. To build the mound, they were carrying up the earth in their sleeves (Polish "rekaw" – "sleeve") – and, that is why the festival is called Rekawka.

However, the festival’s name might also come from the Old Slavic words "raka", "rakev", meaning "grave" or "burial". While excavating the mound, archaeologists found man-made objects from many different cultures and different periods – from the Stone Age to modern times. And, they also found some burial remains. These finds give evidence to the Old Slavic origin of the mound’s name.

Nowadays, Rekawka has a popular, folk character. If the weather is warm and sunny, it can be an occasion for a pleasant family outing. There are stalls selling sweets and toys, merry-go-rounds, and street musicians. More recently, the festival has been featuring medieval knights fighting each other in mock duels,and medieval craftsmen at work. There is also an opportunity to taste traditional dishes such as kołacze.

Guantanamo Bay detention camp

The Guantanamo Bay detention camp (which is also called Guantanamo or Gitmo) is a United States military prison in Guantanamo Bay Naval Base on the coast of Guantanamo Bay in Cuba. The prison is said to be breaking international human rights laws, as prisoners have been held without trial , and there have been reports of prisoners being tortured.

The prison was established under the presidency of George W. Bush, in 2002 during the War on Terror. The Secretary of Defense at the time was Donald Rumsfeld, who said that the prison was built to hold dangerous people, question them, and charge them with war crimes: "These men are particularly dangerous... at least one detainee now in Cuba has been threatening to kill Americans. Another has bitten a guard... To stop future terrorist attacks, we have detained these people, and we have and will be questioning them to gather additional intelligence information...The reality is that they have been charged with something. They have been found to be engaging on the behalf of Al-Qaeda or the Taliban and have been captured." 
Since January 2002, 779 men have been kept in Guantanamo. These men have been from over 50 countries. Nearly 200 were released in mid 2004. 
Although the Bush govenrnment said that most of the men had been captured at war, a 2006 report found that over 80% of the prisoners were captured by Pakistanis and Afghans for bounty payments. The US had offered $5,000 for each prisoner. 
In 2012, Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson said that US officials (including president Bush, Vice President Dick Cheney and Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld) had known that most of the original prisoners were innocent, but kept them to make themselves look better 
A report by the "Institute on Medicine as a Profession" in 2013 said that health professionals in Guantanamo "designed and participated in cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment and torture of detainees." This involved:
Morris Davis (former chief prosecutor for the terrorism trials at Guantanamo Bay), began an e-petition to close Guantanamo. The e-petition got over 72,000 signatures, and called attention to the huger strikes that 'involves more than 100 prisoners, including come 21 who are being force-fed to keep them from starving to death." 
On 12 December 2013, retired US marine Major General Micheal R Lehnert (who oversaw the building of the Guantanamo prison camp) published a piece in the Detroit Free Press. He called Guantanamo "out nation's most notorious prison - a prison that should never have been opened", and provided a short description of its history:
"Our nation created Guantanamo because we were legitimately angry and frightened by an unprovoked attack on our soil on September 11, 2001. We thought that the detainees would provide would provide a treasure trove of information and intelligence.
"I was ordered to construct the first 100 cells at Guantanamo within 96 hours [4 days]. The first group of 20 prisoners arrived 7 days after the order was given. We were told that the prisoners were the 'worst of the worst', a common refrain for every set of detainees sent to Guantanamo. The US has held 779 men there, most of them cleared for transfer, but stuck by politics.
"Even in the earliest days of Guantanamo, I became more and more convinced that many of the detainees should never have been sent in the first place. They had little intelligence value, and there was insufficient evidence linking them to war crime [they didn't know anything, and there was little proof they had committed war crimes]. That the remains the case for many, if not most, of the detainees."
In his 2008 presidential campaign, Barack Obama described Guantanamo bay as a sad chapter in America's history and promised to close the prison in 2009. He changed this statement after he was elected. President Obama was not able to close Guantanamo before he left office, but he did reduce the prison's population to 41. 
President Trump has promised to keep the prison open, and to use it keep "bad dudes". He also wants to bring back waterboarding and "worse".
On 31st January 2018, Trump signed an order to keep the prison open.

In court filings made public in 2007, FBI agents said that they saw prisoners:
Other claims include:

On 10 June 2006, three prisoners (Mani al-Utaybi, Yasser al-Zahrani, Ali Abdullah Ahmed died in Guantanamo Bay. The Pentagon told the media that the prisoners had been hanged with clothing and bedsheets.
"[The detainees] were found unresponsive and not breathing in their cells by guards.
"Medical teams responded quickly and all three detainees were provided immediate emergency medical treatment in attempts to revive them. The three detainees were pronounced dead by a physician after all life saving measures were exhausted."
- Statement issued by Joint Task Force Guantanamo 
Families of all three detainees doubted the post mortems and wanted second post mortems done. Patrice Malign (the pathologist who re-examined al-Zahrani's body) said that the organs of al-Zahrani's throat were missing. His team could not find if al-Zahrani had hanged himself or died of another form of asphyxiation. The team said that there is no reason for there organs to have been removed. The US government has never given the missing organs back to the family.

On 14th September 2001, Congress pushed for the "Authorisation for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists", which would have given the President broad powers to start The War on Terror in response to the 9/11 attacks. However, Secretary of State Colin Powell and State Department Legal Advisor William Howard Taft IV said that the president must observe the Geneva conventions.
On 13th November 2001, President Bush signed a military order titled "Detention, Treatment and Trial of Certain Non-Citizens in the War Against Terrorism".
On 19th February 2002, Guantanamo detainees petitioned to review their detentions and the reasons for them. US District Judge Collen Kollar-Kotelly rejected the petition, finding that non-US citizens in Cuba could not access or use US courts.
On 28th June 2004, the Supreme Court of the United States decided against this in "Rasul v Bush" (UK prisoner in Guantanamo petitioning against Judge Kollar-Kotelly's decision in 2002). Justice John Paul Stevens said that the prisoners had the right to petition the court to review their cases.

The Bush government said that the Geneva Conventions did not apply to the prisoners. Supreme Court decisions since 2004 have said different: it decided in the "Hamden v Rumfeld" trial that Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions (which sets rules for the treatment of prisoners of war) applies to the prisoners
In 2006, Deputy Defense Scretary Paul Wolfowitz created 'Combatant Status Review Tribunals' (CSRTs) to decide if prisoners were war criminals
The CSRTs were completed in March 2005. Thirty-eight of the prisoners were found innocent. After the autobiography of Murnat Kurnaz (Turk-German held in Guantanamo 2002-2007) was published, military lawyer Eugene R. Fidell said that the book "suggested the [CSRT] procedure is a sham; if a case like that can get through then the [smallest trace] of evidence against someone would [win over] for the governments, even if there's a mountain [of evidence] on the other side." 
On 15 July 2005, a panel on the Court of Appeals threw out all of the prisoners' petitions. On 7 November 2005 Supreme Court agreed to review that decision.
On 30 December, Supreme Court passed the 'Detainee Treatment Act' which removed the prisoners' right to petition for review.

The Military Commissions Act 2006 was passed on 17 October 2006, allowing trial in military court for war criminals. On 12 June 2008, the US Supreme Court decided against the government. Justice Antony Kennedy said that Guantanamo prisoners had the right to petition in federal court.
On 3 March 2006, on order of US District Judge Jed S. Rakoff, the Department of Defense released the names of 317 of the 500 prisoners being held in Guantanamo Bay. The remaining 183 were held for privacy reasons.
On 27 September 2007, French Judge put back a conviction of six former Guantanamo prisoners. Defense lawyers for the men (who were all French citizens), accused the French government of working with the US on their detentions.
On 21 October 2008, US District Court Judge Richard J. Leon ordered the release of five Algerians and for a sixth to remain in Guantanamo.
In the summer of 2012, the US government rejected a bid to limit lawyers' access to Guantanamo prisoners. Instead lawyers were required to sign a "Memorandum of Understanding", meaning that they agreed to certain restriction when visiting the prisoners, including losing access to some classified information. This gave the Commander of the Joint Task Force of Guantanamo full control over lawyers' contacct with prisoners, including visits and letters. On 6 September, US District Judge Royce. C Lamberth rejected the argument that prison officers to take charge of meetings between lawyers and prisoners
In April 2004, diplomats called for a investigation of Guantanamo Bay
In May 2007, the United Nations released a report for the UN Human Rights CouncilThe report said that the US had broken international law, Article 5 of the Geneva conventions, and the Nuremberg principles.
In April 2011, a report published in the Public Library of Science Medical Journal looked at nine prisoners for evidence of torture. They found that medical doctors at Guantanamo ignored or hid medical evidence of intentional harm and torture. 
The base containing the prison camp is on territory that is recognized as sovereign Cuban territory. It is legally leased (rented) to the American Navy by the Cuban government through the 'Agreement between the United States and Cuba for the Lease of Lands for Coaling and Naval sites'. This suggests it is illegal for the US to hold a prison on the land.

Abdallah Salih al-Ajmi committed a successful suicide attack in Mosul on 25 March 2008. Al-Ajmi had been released from Guantanamo in 2005 and transferred to where he was from. A Kuwati court later dropped all his terrorism charges.
Moussa Zenmouri (37, Belgian of Moroccan descent) and Soufiane A (Algerian) were arrested on 24 July 2015 on charges of terrorism. They were release from Guantanamo in April 2005 and had been under police for suspected robbery.
Ibrahim al Qosi was featured in a video for 'Guardians of Shariah'as a religious leader in a high position in Al-Qaeda. Al Qosi was Osama bin Laden's accountant in the early 90's, and moved to Afghanistan with bin Laden in 1996. He was also bin Laden's chauffer. He was in Guantanamo from 2002 to 2012.
On 8th March 2016, Reuters reported that 111 of 532 prisoners released by the Bush administration and 7 of 144 released by the Obama administration have returned. So, 118 of 676 (17%) are confirmed to have returned to fighting, and a further 86 (13%) are suspected to have returned to fighting.
In March 2016, Paul Lewis (Pentagon employee tasked with closing Guantanamo) said that "Americans have been killed by prisoners released from Guantanamo Bay", He refused to give a total or say when the attacks occurred.

Human Rights Watch criticised the Bush administration in its 2003 world report, stating "Washington has ignored human rights standards in its own treatment of terrorist suspects. It has refused to apply the Geneva conventions to prisoners of war from Afghanistan, and has misused the designation of 'illegal combatant' to apply to criminal suspects on U.S. soil." 
On 25 May 2005, Amnesty International released its annual report calling the prison the "gulag of our times".
In November 2005, a group of experts from the United Nations on Human Rights called off their visit to Guantanamo Bay Camp Delta, saying that the US was not allowing them to hold private interviews with the prisoners. The group continued to write a report on the conditions in the prison based on interviews with released prisoners, lawyers, and human rights groups that had already visited. In February 2006, that report was published. The report called on the US to either charge or release all suspected terrorists, and included the US ambassador's reply to the draft versions of the report.
On 10 March 2006, a letter in the Lancet (a weekly medical journal) was published, signed by over 250 medical experts, calling for the US to stop force-feeding prisoners and close the prison. Dr David Nicholl (who wrote the letter), said that the definition of torture (that the US was using) as only actions that cause "death or major organ failure" was "not a definition anyone on the planet is using." 
Polls run by the "Program of International Policy" (PIP) found that "large majorities in Germany and Great Britain, and pluralities in Poland and India, believe the US has committed violations of international law at its prison on Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, including the use of interrogations." (This means that large amounts of people in Germany, Great Britain, Poland and India thought that the US was breaking international laws at Guantanamo Bay.) PIP found that a lot of the people who filled the polls said that they no longer saw the US as leaders of human rights because of Guantanamo.

Hedylidae

Hedylidae is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order, 
They are also called the "American moth-butterflies". Butterflies evolved from moths, and this group is rather moth-like.

They are living sister group to the butterfly superfamily Papilionoidea. In 1986, Scoble combined all 35 species into a single genus Macrosoma. They are all entirely neotropical species from central and southern America and the Caribbean.

DNA sequence analysis of this group continues.

Hon-Kawagoe Station

Hon-Kawagoe Station (本川越駅, ほんかわごええき) is a railway station of Seibu in Kawagoe, Saitama Prefecture, Japan. This station is the neareset station of .




Kawagoe Station

Kawagoe Station (川越駅, かわごええき) is a railway station of Tobu and JR East in Kawagoe, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.




Zubby Michael

Azubuike Michael Egwu (born 1 February 1985) professionally known as Zubby Michael is a Nigerian actor and movie producer. He was famous for his role in "Three Windows", "Royal Storm" and "Professional Lady". His first appearance was in the movie titled "Missing Rib" but known for "The Three Widows" where he played the lead role. In 2021, he starred in "Bitter Rain".

Zubby was born in Ekwusigo Local Government Area in Anambra State on 1 February 1985 but grew up in Adamawa where he completed his elementary education. He attended Nnamdi Azikiwe University where he obtained a degree in Mass Communication.

He began acting in Yola at a young age. His first movie appearance was in a movie titled "Missing rib" but became popular for his lead role in "The Three Windows". Zubby has appeared in several other films. He was named as one of the richest actors in Nollywood. He also said that he is the best actor in Africa.

Zubby Michael is not married.

Fukaya Station

Fukaya Station (深谷駅, ふかやえき) is a railway station of JR East in Fukaya, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.



Kwame Raoul

Kwame Raoul (born September 30, 1964) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Raoul is the 42nd Attorney General of Illinois since 2019.

Raoul was a member of the Illinois Senate. He represented the 13th district from 2004 to 2019 after he was appointed to fill the seat left by Barack Obama, upon Obama's election to the U.S. Senate.

Raoul was the Democratic Party's nominee for Attorney General of Illinois in the 2018 election and won the general election.


Al Swift

Allan Byron Swift (September 12, 1935 – April 20, 2018), an American Emmy award–winning broadcaster and politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1995. He represented the Second Congressional District of Washington as a Democrat.

Swift died on April 20, 2018 in Alexandria, Virginia of pulmonary fibrosis at the age of 82. 


Firmin Le Bourhis

Firmin Le Bourhis (18 May 1950 – 21 April 2018) was a French detective writer. He authored 32 detective novels over the course of 18 years. He wrote many novels regarding romance and politics. He was born in Finistère, France.

Le Bourhis died of a heart attack on his way to the Envolée des livres, a book festival in Châteauroux, aged 68.

Nelson Pereira dos Santos

Nelson Pereira dos Santos (22 October 1928 – 21 April 2018) was a Brazilian movie director. He directed movies such as "Vidas Secas" (Barren Lives). He also directed "Rio 40°" and "How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman".

In 1963, Pereira dos Santos was a member of the jury at the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival. In 1981 he was a member of the jury at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.

Pereira dos Santos was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters since 2006.

Pereira dos Santos died of multiple organ failure complicated by liver cancer in Rio de Janeiro on 12 April 2018 at the age of 89.


Ted Koppel

Edward James Martin "Ted" Koppel (born February 8, 1940) is a British-born American broadcast journalist. He is best known as the anchor for "Nightline", from the program's beginning in 1980 until 2005. During his career, Koppel has won 25 Emmy Awards, including a Lifetime Achievement Award in 2007.


Harvey Levin

Harvey Robert Levin (born September 2, 1950) is an American military veteran, television producer, lawyer, legal analyst and celebrity reporter of Jewish descent. He is the founder of TMZ and also the host of OBJECTified, which airs on the Fox News Channel.

In April 2010, Levin publicly came out as gay. He has been in a partnership with Andy Mauer since the 1990s.


James Rothman

James Edward Rothman (born November 3, 1950) is an American biochemist. He is the Fergus F. Wallace Professor of Biomedical Sciences at Yale University, the Chairman of the Department of Cell Biology at Yale School of Medicine, and the Director of the Nanobiology Institute at the Yale West Campus. 

Rothman worked at Columbia University and a research professor at the UCL Queen Square Institute of Neurology, University College London. 

Rothman was awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on vesicle trafficking (shared with Randy Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof). 

Randy Schekman

Randy Wayne Schekman (born December 30, 1948) is an American cell biologist. He works at the University of California, Berkeley. He is the editor-in-chief of "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" and "Annual Review of Cell and Developmental Biology". 

He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1992. He won the 2013 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine with James Rothman and Thomas C. Südhof for their work on cell membrane vesicle trafficking.

Edvard Moser

Edvard Ingjald Moser (; born 27 April 1962) is a Norwegian psychologist and neuroscientist. He works at the Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience, at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim. In 2005, he and May-Britt Moser discovered grid cells. 

He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2014 with May-Britt Moser and John O'Keefe for their work identifying the brain's positioning system.

William C. Campbell

William C. Campbell may refer to:

Jeffrey C. Hall

Jeffrey Connor Hall (born May 3, 1945) is an American geneticist and chronobiologist. Hall is Professor Emeritus of Biology at Brandeis University.

Hall spent his career testing the neurological component of fly courtship and behavioral rhythms. Through his research on the neurology and behavior of "Drosophila melanogaster", Hall uncovered essential mechanisms of biological clocks and shed light on the foundations for sexual differentiation in the nervous system. 

Hall was elected to the National Academy of Sciences for his revolutionary work in the field of chronobiology. Along with Michael W. Young and Michael Rosbash, he was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm".

Michael Rosbash

Michael Morris Rosbash (born March 7, 1944) is an American geneticist and chronobiologist of Jewish descent. Rosbash is a professor at Brandeis University and investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Rosbash's research group cloned the "Drosophila" period gene in 1984 and proposed the Transcription Translation Negative Feedback Loop for circadian clocks in 1990. 

Along with Michael W. Young and Jeffrey C. Hall, he was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm".

Michael W. Young

Michael Warren Young (born March 28, 1949) is an American biologist and geneticist. He has worked over three decades to research studying genetically controlled patterns of sleep and wakefulness within "Drosophila melanogaster". He worked at Rockefeller University.

Young is known for the discovery of the "timeless" and "doubletime" genes, which makes proteins that are also necessary for circadian rhythm. He was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with Jeffrey C. Hall and Michael Rosbash "for their discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm".

Graceland Cemetery

Graceland Cemetery is large cemetery located in the north side community area of Uptown, in the city of Chicago, Illinois. It was established in 1860.

The Sheridan stop on the Red Line is the nearest CTA "L" station. Among the cemetery's 121 acres, are the burial sites of several well-known Chicagoans.

Along with its other famous burials the cemetery is notable for two statues by sculptor Lorado Taft, "Eternal Silence" for the Graves family plot and "The Crusader" that marks Victor Lawson's final resting place. 

Famous Chicagoans are buried here such as: George Pullman, Roger Ebert, Ernie Banks, Oscar Stanton De Priest, Daniel Burnham, Fred A. Busse, Marshall Field, Melville Fuller, Bruce Graham, Carter Harrison Senior and Junior, Fazlur Khan, William Le Baron Jenney, Cyrus McCormick, Joseph Medill, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Potter Palmer, and Louis Sullivan.


Rosehill Cemetery

Rosehill Cemetery, was founded in 1864, is an American cemetery on the North Side of Chicago, Illinois, and at , is the largest cemetery in the City of Chicago. The name "Rosehill" came from a City Clerk's error – the area was previously called "Roe's Hill". It is located in the north east section of the Lincoln Square community area.

The Rosehill Cemetery Administration Building and Entry Gate was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

Like its sister cemetery Graceland, Rosehill is the burial place of many well-known Chicagoans. The cemetery contains many monuments that are notable for their beauty and eccentricity, such as that of Lulu Fellows.

Many famous Chicagoans are buried here such as: Lester L. Bond, Levi Boone, Jack Brickhouse, Harvey Doolittle Colvin, DeWitt Clinton Cregier, Charles G. Dawes, Robert Franks, Augustus Garrett, John Charles Haines, Alexander Loyd, Roswell B. Mason, Isaac Lawrence Milliken, Buckner Stith Morris, Richard B. Ogilvie, John Blake Rice, John A. Roche, Richard Warren Sears, John G. Shedd, William Stratton, George Bell Swift, Aaron Montgomery Ward, and John Wentworth.

Westlawn Cemetery

Westlawn Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery located in Norridge, a suburb of Chicago in Illinois. The cemetery covers and roughly 46,000 people are buried there.


Oak Woods Cemetery

Oak Woods Cemetery is a large Victorian era cemetery in Chicago, Illinois. It is located at 1035 E. 67th Street, in the Greater Grand Crossing area of Chicago's South Side. It was established on February 12, 1853. It covers .

Roland Burris, the U.S. Senator appointed by Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich, constructed a family tomb at in the Oak Woods Cemetery, in preparation for his and his wife's eventual interment. The tomb received considerable publicity (generally negative) after Burris' appointment by the since-convicted governor.

Many famous Chicagoans are buried here such as: Harold Washington, Ida B. Wells, Enrico Fermi, Frank Bacon, Gary Becker, Otis Clay, Mircea Eliade, Monroe Heath, Richard Loeb, Jesse Owens, Eugene Sawyer, Pops Staples, William Hale Thompson, Junior Wells, and James Hutchinson Woodworth. 


Mircea Eliade

Mircea Eliade (; – April 22, 1986) was a Romanian historian of religion, fiction writer, philosopher, and professor at the University of Chicago.

His theory that "hierophanies" form the basis of religion, splitting the human experience of reality into sacred and profane space and time, has proved influential.

The best known are the novels "Maitreyi" ("La Nuit Bengali" or "Bengal Nights"), "Noaptea de Sânziene" ("The Forbidden Forest"), "Isabel și apele diavolului" ("Isabel and the Devil's Waters") and "Romanul Adolescentului Miop" ("Novel of the Nearsighted Adolescent"), the novellas "Domnișoara Christina" ("Miss Christina") and "Tinerețe fără tinerețe" ("Youth Without Youth"), and the short stories "Secretul doctorului Honigberger" ("The Secret of Dr. Honigberger") and "La Țigănci" ("With the Gypsy Girls").

Eliade died in Chicago of complications from a stroke on April 22, 1986 at the age of 79. He is buried at Oak Woods Cemetery in Greater Grand Crossing, Chicago.


John G. Shedd

John Graves Shedd (July 20, 1850October 22, 1926) was an American businessman and philosopher. He was the second president and chairman of the board of Marshall Field & Company. He donated money for the construction of an aquarium in Chicago, which would later be named after him.

In 2002, The John G. Shedd Institute for the Arts, a community-based performing arts center and music school in Eugene, Oregon, was co-founded by one of his great-grandchildren.


Vandiyur Mariamman Teppakulam

Vandiyur Mariamman Teppakulam is the temple tank located near to Vandiyur Mariamman Temple. It is situated at a distance of about 2 km from the Meenakshi Amman Temple. The tank is connected to Vaigai River through an underground channel (passage). It has total of 12 long stairs (steps). It is made of granite on all four sides. This tank was built in 1645 A.D. This was the biggest tank in Tamil Nadu at that time. 

7 foot tall "Mukuruny Vinayakar" idol in Meenakshi Amman Temple is believed to be found during excavation process of this pond.Vandiyur Mariamman Teppakulam is famous for the celebrations of the Float festival. This is celebrated in the Tamil month of Thai (January 14th to February 15th). At present this temple tank is the third largest in the world.

Mahamaham tank, Kumbakonam

Mahamaham tank is a huge temple tank located in Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the largest temple tanks in Tamil Nadu. The Masimaham festival held in the tank has 0.1 million visitors. The 12 year Mahamaham festival has about 2 million visitors.The tank is located in the center of Kumbakonam town. It covers an area of 6.2 acres.


Wu Yang

Wu Yang (simplified Chinese: 无藏; traditional Chinese: 舞藏; Pinyin "Wu Yang`"; born 5 January 1992) is a female Chinese table tennis player. She is one of the best defenders in the world.
In 2006 she played her first events in the Youth. So she reached at the World Junior Circuit event two times bronze in the singles. At the Youth- World Championships Wu played successfull, too. There she won bronze in the singles, silver in the doubles and gold with the team. In the mixed category she lost in the Quarterfinals. 2009 she took part in the World Championships, too, where Wu even won gold. The Asian Championships were Wus first adult tournament, where she only won gold with the team. In the singles she reached the Quarterfinals. 2011 could Wu Yang part in the World Championships- she took part there for the first time. She reached the Quarterfinals, where she ost to Li Xiaoxia. At Team World Championships she doesn't took part. The year 2013 was very successfull for Wu, because she became vice-champion st the World Cup and won gold with the team at the World Team Cup.

At the World Championships, where Yang took part for the second time, she lost in the Quarterfinals again. At the World Tour events she reached always the third place. That's why she became world number 4 in the world- her best position in her career. In February she had to give up her 4th place, because she doesn't was really activ. 2015 she could took part in the World Championships again, where she lost for the third time in the Quarterfinals. 2016 she won still the German Open and then seldom in appeared.



Global cooling

Global cooling was a failed idea of the 1970s. The idea that the Earth's surface temperature would drop was soon rejected. Broad trends are often obscured by short-term changes.

Tachikawa Station

Tachikawa Station is a train station that is in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan. JR East operates this station.



Nissan Leaf

The Nissan Leaf (Leading Environmentally-friendly Affordable Family vehicle) is a 5-door electric hatchback car built by Nissan. The Nissan Leaf has become the first mass-market fully-electric vehicle. It has been made since 2010. It does not use any gasoline or diesel so it is a zero emissions vehicle. It only uses electricity.
The Nissan Leaf is an award-winning model that ensured a faster transition to eco-friendly motoring.

2010 - Green Car Vision Award by the Green Car Journal

2010 - Breakthrough Award by Popular Mechanics

2011 - European car of the year

2011 - EV of the Year by EV.com

2011 - Eco-Friendly Car of the Year by Cars.com

2011 - Green Fleet Electric Vehicle of the Year by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy

2011 - listed in "Best Green Cars" by Mother Earth News

2011 - was ranked first in Kelley Blue Book Top 10 Green Cars

2011 - World Car of the Year

2011 - finalist of World Green Car

2011 - Ward's 10 Best Engines

2011 - the 2011–2012 Car of the Year Japan at the Tokyo Motor Show

Prince Louis of Wales

Prince Louis of Wales (Louis Arthur Charles; born 23 April 2018) is the third child and second son of William, Prince of Wales, and Catherine, Princess of Wales. At birth, he was fifth in the line of succession to the British throne.

Catherine gave birth to Prince Louis at 11:01 BST (10:01 UTC) on 23 April 2018 at St Mary’s Hospital in London . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child is, from birth, a British prince entitled to the style of "Royal Highness" under letters patent issued by Queen Elizabeth II on 31 December 2012, which gave the title and style to all children of Prince William. His name was announced 4 days after his birth on 27 April 2018 as Louis Arthur Charles. He was named after his paternal grandfather's great uncle, Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, and his paternal grandfather, King Charles III.

23 April 2018-8 September 2022 His Royal Highness Prince Louis of Cambridge

8 September 2022-9 September 2022 His Royal Highness Prince Louis of Cornwall and Cambridge 

9 September 2022-present His Royal Highness Prince Louis of Wales 

Satyameva Jayati

Satyameva Jayati was a Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on April 30, 2018 and aired on Colors Bangla. Produced By Eye Wash Productions, The Show Stars Raja Goswami and Rupsha Chatterjee in lead roles and Subhadra Roy in a supporting role.The Show telecasted Monday To Sunday at 6:00 P.M. This Show is Inspired from a Marathi Serial.

The Show revolve around the lives of the mother-in-law and the daughter-in-law and how interestingly their roles get reversed at work place when Satyapriya, who is a constable, reports to sub-inspector, Jayati.  While dealing with crime in their unique and hysterical methods, the duo occasionally also rope in their family members to assist in the job.  

1.https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/news/bengali/satyameva-jayati-a-twisted-tale-of-saas-bahu-saga/articleshow/63655670.cms

2.http://www.tellychakkar.com/tv/tv-news/read-know-about-cast-and-crew-details-of-satyameva-jayati-180423

3.http://www.anandabazar.com/supplementary/anandaplus/satyamev-jayate-a-new-serial-to-be-aired-soon-1.781167

Armen Sarkissian

Armen Vardani Sarkissian (; born 23 June 1952) is an Armenian politician. He was the President of Armenia from 2018 until 2022. He served as Prime Minister of Armenia from 4 November 1996 to 20 March 1997 and was the country's (longest-serving) ambassador in London from 1998 until 2018.

Sarkissian became President of Armenia on 9 April 2018. He resigned on 23 January 2022 because of lack of "influence" given to him by the country's constitution.


Dave Nelson

David Earl Nelson (June 20, 1944 – April 22, 2018) was a Major League Baseball player. He was one of the broadcasters for the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team on Fox Sports Wisconsin. He was born in Fort Sill, near Lawton, Oklahoma.

Nelson played for the Cleveland Indians from 1968 to 1969, the Washington Senators/Texas Rangers from 1970 to 1975, and for the Kansas City Royals from 1976 to 1977. From 1980 to 1984, he was the official coach of the Chicago White Sox. Nelson was a pregame analyst briefly for the Chicago Cubs, but mainly worked for the Milwaukee Brewers on Fox Sports Wisconsin in his later years.

Nelson died of liver cancer on April 22, 2018 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin at the age of 73.


Nino Khurtsidze

Nino Khurtsidze (28 September 1975 – 22 April 2018) was a Georgian chess player. She was born in the Soviet Union. She held the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM). She won the World Junior Girls Chess Championship in 1993 and 1995.

In 2004, she came second behind Evgeny Shaposhnikov in the Essen Open tournament.

Khurtsidze died of cancer in Tbilisi on 22 April 2018 at the age of 42.


3 (Britney Spears song)

"3" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears. It is from her second greatest-hits album, "The Singles Collection". "3" was released to American radio on September 29, 2009. It is about a threesome, with a hook that references the music group Peter, Paul and Mary. It was written by Max Martin, Shellback, and Tiffany Amber, while Martin and Shellback produced it.

The song entered at #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and also reached the top of the charts in Canada. It reached the top ten in Australia, the UK, Belgium (Wallonia), Finland, Sweden, and Norway.

As of 2016, "3" has sold over 2.4 million copies in the US alone.

Aloadae

In Greek mythology, the Aloadae (, "Aloadai") were a a pair of giants, sons of Poseidon and the mortal princess Iphimedia. Their names were Otos and Ephialtes ( and ), and they attempted to storm Mount Olympus in order to seize the goddesses Hera and Artemis and make them their wives. (Otos wanted Artemis and Ephialtes wanted Hera). Ares, the god of war, tried to stop them, but was defeated and imprisoned for thirteen months in a bronze jar. Artemis then raced between them in the form of a deer; they both cast their spears to hit her but missed and instead struck each other dead.

Béla Magyari

Béla Magyari (8 August 1949 – 23 April 2018) was a Hungarian military official and engineer. He was Colonel of the Hungarian Air Force. He graduated from the Hungarian Airforce Academy "György Kilián" in 1969. He used to be the President of the Hungarian Astronautical Society and worked for the Hungarian Space Office. He was born in Budapest.

Magyari died on 23 April 2018 in Budapest at the age of 68.


Pamela Gidley

Pamela Catherine Gidley (June 11, 1965 – April 16, 2018) was an American actress and model. She was born in Methuen, Massachusetts. Gidley was known for her role as Brigitte Parker in "The Pretender" and as Teri Miller on "". She starred in David Lynch's "" (1992) as Teresa Banks.

Gidley died on April 16, 2018 in Seabrook, New Hampshire at the age of 52.


Inupiat language

Inupiaq or Inpuiat language is a group of dialects spoken by the Inuit. It is also called Alaskan Inuit. The name also refers to the people who speak the language. Outside Alaska, it is also spoken on the Diomede Islands. People on Little Diomede speak it; people on Big Diomede spoke it. Big Diomede Island belongs to Russia, and is uninhabited since the end of World War II. The other speakers live in northern and northwestern Alaska, and part of the Northwest Territories. The Inupiat language is closely related to Inuit languages of Canada and Greenland. There are roughly 2,000 speakers in Alaska, and about 24.000 speakers in Canada. It is considered a threatened language with most speakers at or above the age of 40. Iñupiaq is an official language of the State of Alaska.

The name is also rendered as Inupiatun, Iñupiatun, Iñupiaq, Inyupiaq, Inyupiat, Inyupeat, Inyupik, and Inupik.

The main varieties of the Iñupiaq language are Northern Alaskan Iñupiaq and Seward Peninsula Iñupiaq.

There are differences in the three big dialects, both regarding the sounds and the words used. Speakers of two of the three dialects usually understand each other, even though the forms and words used are different. As an example: tupiq means tent in the North Slope dialect, and house in Malimut. The north slope dialect uses iglu to mean house. Sometimes the difference is mostly in spelling: dog is written as qimmiq in North Slope and qipmiq in Malimut. The dialect on the Seward peninsula is quite different, and speakers need some training to understand the two other dialects.

The Iñupiaq language has been in decline since contact with English in the late 19th century. After Alaska became part of the US, many people from other parts moved there. The children of Inuit families were often put in boarding schools far away: There they learnt English, but they lost most of the Inuit languages their parents spoke, and the Inuit culture. This has led to a situation where only a small minority of Inupiat speak the Iñupiaq language. Several communities try to revive the language, though.


Toronto van attack

On 23 April 2018, a vehicle-ramming attack occurred in North York City Centre at a busy street intersection at Yonge Street in North York, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. A white rental van driven by Alek Minassian collided with numerous pedestrians. The motive is currently unknown. Some newspapers said that Minassian was an incel. They also said that he wanted to start an incel rebellion.

11 people were killed and 15 others injured.

The first of the ten killed victims to be identified was Anne Marie D'Amico, an analyst for the American-based investment company Invesco which has an office on Yonge Street. The South Korean government announced that two South Korean nationals were confirmed killed, and a third was injured in the attack.

U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron expressed their sympathies and condolences when addressing the press at the White House the next day.

Seemarekha

Seemarekha is one of the most popular Bengali television family dramas. It premiered on October 23, 2017 and airs on Zee Bangla at 8:30 pm. It is produced by Surinder Films and stars Indrani Haldar and Abhishek Bose and Diya Mukherjee in lead roles and Sudip Sarkar in a negative role.                                                                                                       



Bob Dorough

Bob Dorough (born Robert Lrod Dorough; December 12, 1923 – April 23, 2018) was an American bebop and cool jazz pianist, singer-songwriter, composer, arranger and producer. He was born in Cherry Hill, Arkansas and was raised in Texas.

He was best known as composer and performer of songs from "Schoolhouse Rock!", a series of TV cartoons that appeared on Saturday mornings in the 1970s and 1980s. He worked with Miles Davis and Blossom Dearie, and his adventurous style influenced Mose Allison.

Dorough died on April 23, 2018 at his home in Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania of prostate cancer at the age of 94.


Kader Khan

Kader Khan (11 December 1937 – 31 December 2018) was an Afghan-born Indian-Canadian Actor, screenwriter, comedian, and director. As an actor, he appeared in over 300 films after his debut movie in the 1973 movie "Daag: A Poem of Love" in which he acted as a prosecuting attorney.

Khan was a Muslim and completed a pilgrimage to Mecca called Hajj in 2014.

Khan died from complications of progressive supranuclear palsy at a hospital in Toronto, Ontario on 31 December 2018 at the age of 81.

Port scanner

A port scanner is an input device for a computer to scan documents or papers using the computer system.

This is often used by network administrators to verify security policies of their networks and by attackers to find network services running on a host to take advantage of vulnerabilities.

Caesarea

Caesarea (, "Kaysariya" or "Qesarya"; , "Qaysaria"; ) is a town in north-central Israel. 

It is midway between Tel Aviv and Haifa on the coastal plain near the city of Hadera, It is the only Israeli locality managed by a private organization, the Caesarea Development Corporation. It has many people, but is not recognized as a local council.

The town was built by Herod the Great about 25–13 BC as the port city Caesarea Maritima. It was the administrative center of Judaea in the Roman Empire. Later it was the capital of the Byzantine Palaestina Prima province during the classic period. 

In the Muslim conquest of the Levant in the 7th century, it was the last city to fall to the Arabs. The city had an Arab majority until the Crusader conquest. It was abandoned after the Mamluk conquest. It was re-populated in 1884 by Bosniak immigrants, who settled in a small fishing village. In 1952, the Jewish town of Caesarea was established near the ruins of the old city. The ruins were made into the national park of Caesarea Maritima.

Andre Wisdom

Andre Alexander Shaquille Wisdom (born 9 May 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right back or centre back for National League North club Warrington Town.

Wisdom began his career at Bradford City before signing for Liverpool in 2008. He made his senior debut for the club in 2012 before enjoying loan spells with Derby County, West Bromwich Albion, Norwich City and Red Bull Salzburg. Wisdom has also played for and captained the England youth teams at various levels, and was part of the squad which won the UEFA European U-17 Championship in 2010.


Coprolite

A coprolite is fossilized faeces. Coprolites are trace fossils, not body fossils. They give evidence of the animal's behaviour (in this case, its diet).

The name is taken from the Greek words κόπρος ("kopros", meaning "dung") and λίθος ("lithos", meaning "stone"). They were first described by William Buckland in 1829. 

Joo Se-hyuk

Joo Sae-hyuk (Korean 주세혁; born 20 January 1980 in Seoul) is a South- Korean table tennis player. He is right-handed player and uses the Shakehand-grip. He stands at Butterfly under contract and plays on the forhand with Tenergy 64, while he uses on the backhand long pips as the Tibhar Grass D.Tecs or TSP Curl P1R on a Butterfly defensive wood.
Since 1997 he was international activ, at the US Open he won the silver medal in the doubles. 2001 he took part in the World Championships for the first time, where Joo won bronze with the South Korean Team. In the singles he lost early. In October he could push forward to place 50 in the world rankings. Till May he fell back to place 61, in this month he won the silver medal in the singles. In the final he lost to Werner Schlager and moved to place 22, whereby he became best chopper in the world. In October 2003 Joo took part in the World Cup for the first time, but retired in the group qualification. 2004 he reached the semifinals with the team at the World Championships, so they won bronze. At his first Olympics he reached in singles and doubles the round of 16, and at the World Cup he got place 4 after losing Wang Hao in the third place match. In 2005 he doesn't was really activ, so he lost his best defender title to Chen Weixing.

2016 Joo took part in a lot of tournaments: He won silver at the World Championships with the team and at the Asian Games, in the singles he took gold in the Korea Open and qualified self for the Grand Finals. 2007 he reached in the singles and mixed category the quarterfinals at the WTTC and become best defender in the world, again. This position he get to 2017. 2008 he took silver with the team again, at the WTTC. In May this year he came under the top 10 in the world ranings, but doesn't took part in the Olympics. Either at the WTTC and the Grand Finals he reached 2009 the Quarterfinal, 2010 follow bronze (Singles) and silver (Team) at the Asian Games either a bronze medal at the WTTTC. At the Grand Finals either the World Championships he reached the Round of 16, where he lost. At the World Cup he could won bronze in the singles. At the beginning of 2012 he reaclame place number 5 in the world rankings- his best position at all.

At the Olympic Games in 2012 he lost already in the third round, but won silver with the team. At his sixth participation with the team in WTTTC he won bronze. 2014 it doesn't get, because South Korea lost in the Quarterfinals, could win silver in the Asian Games with the team, where Joo won bronze in the singles.

2015 he reached the round of 16 in the WTTC, where Joo lost to Ma Long, 2016 he won bronze with the team. In the Olympics 2016, he doesn't took part in the singles, in the team Joo reached the 4th place. Also Joo won gold at the Croatia Open, 2017 he only played the Hungarian Open and approached then no more.



Since April 2008 Joo is married with Kim Seon-hwa.

Gold Marilyn Monroe (Andy Warhol)

Andy Warhol's Gold Marilyn Monroe is an art piece composed of a photograph of Marilyn Monroe’s face centered on a large (6′ 11″ x 4′ 9″) gold-painted canvas. Warhol used silkscreen ink on synthetic polymer paint on canvas. Completed in 1962, it depicts the celebrity Marilyn Monroe. The image of Monroe is a direct copy of a close-up shot from her film "". This piece was completed the same year as the celebrity's untimely death.

The art currently resides at MoMA.

A sex icon with an innocent aura, Monroe lived a paradoxical life. She was a highly sought-after celebrity, yet she suffered from stage fright and anxiety. Once Monroe was immersed into Hollywood, she was an influential character but she was subject to the lifestyle that accompanies fame. As her popularity increased, her drug habits and anxiety got more and more out of control. This led to her eventual suicide in 1962.

(Andy) Warhol painted a large canvas a shiny gold color. In the center of the canvas and latex, he silk-screened a black and white photograph of Monroe. He painted her face, hair, and blouse. 

The color gold is known to signify wealth, fame, illumination, and wisdom. It draws the eye to the central figure of the painting: Marilyn Monroe. The image of Monroe was not painted by Warhol. In fact, it is a direct copy of a close-up image from the film Niagara. This suggests to the reproductibility of Hollywood actors: Hollywood will always find new actors to replace old ones. Gold Marilyn Monroe includes a reproduction of an iconic image, but it is shown in a new light. She is encompassed by this ocean of gold, the relentless waters of Hollywood. Though Monroe’s face is the main focal point, it is very small in relation to the whole canvas, signifying the effects of grandeur on the human psyche. Monroe’s struggle with fame and drug addiction led to her eventual overdose and suicide in 1962. 

Warhol was entranced by the idea of fame and beauty, leading him to undergo a number of cosmetic surgeries in early adulthood. He dyed his hair metallic-white after college and got nose-reduction surgery in his mid-twenties. He was living in New York City when he created Gold Marilyn Monroe. He was much immersed into the celebrity lifestyle, frequenting Studio 54 and even producing television shows in his later years. It can be inferred that he idolized Marilyn Monroe and related to her struggles with anxiety. Gold Marilyn subtly conveys these struggles Monroe and Warhol both underwent.

The figure in the center of the canvas is empowered, yet oppressed. This dichotomy is synonymous to the life that Monroe led. As her popularity and stardom increased, her drug habits and anxiety got more and more out of control. The shiny-gold background of Gold Marilyn Monroe adds to the twinkling quality of Monroe’s close-up. She appears to shine brighter amidst this already shiny color; this gives the impression that Monroe was her own entity, illuminating those around her. Although she was part of Hollywood, she created her own image and had a unique personality. She turned into a sex icon while still retaining elements of childlike innocence, a feat that many have failed to accomplish. She was known as a feminist, but she died before the feminist movement gained much traction. Monroe’s life was very complex. Although she was a star, she struggled with stage fright. She had drug problems, but she was mostly successful in keeping it out of the public sphere. The Hollywood lifestyle was a catalyst for her eventual suicide. The gold background of Warhol’s Gold Marilyn is the depiction of Hollywood; Marilyn is stuck right in the middle, unable to escape, lending to the oppressed feeling.

Ankylopollexia

Ankylopollexia is an extinct clade of dinosaurs within the Ornithischia. They lived from 156 to 66 million years ago. The name stems from the Greek word, “ankylos”, meaning stiff, fused, and the Latin word, “pollex”, meaning thumb. One of the most famous and most derived members of the Ankylopollexia clade is the "Iguanodon". The Hadrosaurs are also in this group.

Bayannurosaurus

Bayannurosaurus is a non-hadrosauriform ankylopollexian ornithopod discovered in 2018 by Xu et al. from the Early Cretaceous found in China. It had a skull length of 80 cm, making it a mid-sized iguanodont.

Military Occupational Specialty

Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) refers to the position earned/assigned to someone in the U.S. Armed Forces. These MOS's consist of letters and numbers, each of which signifies your position, duties, and job within the armed services. For example, the MOS for a Army Combat Engineer is 12B. They provide their expertise in areas such as mobility, countermobility, survivability and general engineering. They also are responsible for helping tackle rough terrain in combat areas. Aka, they blow stuff up when it's in the way of something trying to move past it. There's a ton of different MOS's and someone will eventually put them in here.

Hoyt Patrick Taylor Jr.

Hoyt Patrick "Pat" Taylor Jr. (April 1, 1924 – April 22, 2018) was an American politician and attorney. He served as Speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives and as the 26th Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina. He was born in Wadesboro, North Carolina.

He served as Lieutenant Governor of the state. The two are the only father-son pair to have held the office. The younger Taylor went on to receive undergraduate and law degrees from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and to serve in the Marine Corps in both World War II and the Korean War. He subsequently practiced law in Wadesboro.

In 1955, he was elected to represent Anson County in the North Carolina House of Representatives and served through 1967, the two last years as speaker.

Taylor died on April 22, 2018 at the age of 94 in Wadesboro, North Carolina.

Saat Bhai Champa

Saat Bhai Champa is a Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on November 27, 2017 and airs on Zee Bangla. It is produced by Surinder Films and stars Rudrajit Mukherjee and Promita Chakrabartty ( Later Roosha Chatterjee was replaced )in Lead roles and Sudipa Banerjee in a negative role.



Haddon Donald

Haddon Vivian Donald (20 March 1917 – 23 April 2018) was a New Zealand soldier, businessman and politician. He was a member of the National Party. He was the oldest living former New Zealand Member of Parliament, and, prior to his death, the highest-ranking living New Zealand army officer of World War II. He served in Parliament from 1963 to 1969. He was born in Masterton, New Zealand.

Donald died on 23 April 2018 in Masterton at the age of 101.

Evan Jenkins

Evan Hollin Jenkins (born September 12 1960) is an American politician. In 2015, he became the U.S. Representative for . Jenkins was state senator from 2002 to 2014. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was born in Huntington, West Virginia. Jenkins studied at University of Florida and at Samford University. Jenkins served in the West Virginia House of Delegates.

In August 2017, Jenkins announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. He lost the Republican nomination to Patrick Morrisey.

On September 30, 2018, Jenkins resigned from Congress after having been appointed Justice of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia by West Virginia Governor Jim Justice. Jenkins was then elected on November 6, 2018, to fill a remaining six-year term as a Justice of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia due to the resignation of Robin Davis.


King Edward Medical University

King Edward Medical University is a medical university in Lahore, Pakistan. Founded in 1860, the university is named after Edward VII.

University of Health Sciences

University of Health Sciences is a medical university in Lahore, Pakistan. The university regulates and coordinates the activities of medical education, training & research institutions throughout the province of Punjab.

College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan

The College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan, or CPSP is a regulatory college which acts as a national, nonprofit organization established in 1962 to regulate the medical education of specialists in Pakistan. CPSP offers certification following postgraduate training in specialties of medicine, surgery and dentistry.

Dinu C. Giurescu

Dinu C. Giurescu (15 February 1927 – 24 April 2018) was a Romanian historian and politician. He moved to the United States in 1988. His best known work was entitled "The Razing of Romania's Past". It was an analysis of the Nicolae Ceaușescu regime's policy toward Romania. He returned from exile in 1990, whereupon he became a member of the Romanian Academy.

In 2012, he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies for a Bucharest seat, representing the Conservative Party.

Giurescu died in Bucharest of a heart attack on 24 April 2018 at the age of 91.

Paul Gray (songwriter)

Paul Gray (28 November 1963 – 24 April 2018) was an Australian singer-songwriter, pianist and record producer. He met with early success as the lead vocalist for the 1980s funk/pop band Wa Wa Nee.

Gray died on 24 April 2018 of multiple myeloma in Melbourne at the age of 54.

Hariton Pushwagner

Hariton Pushwagner, or under the pseudonym of Terje Brofos, (May 2, 1940 – April 24, 2018) a Norwegian pop artist. He was born in Oslo. 

Pushwagner illustrated Axel Jensen's book "Og resten står skrivd i stjernene/And the Rest is Writ(ten) in the Stars" (1995). Fascinated by comics since childhood, Pushwagner was inspired to start the series "Soft City" and "Doktor Fantastisk" during this period.

In July 2012, London-based publisher Art / Books published an extensive monograph on his work.

Pushwagner died in Oslo of lung cancer on April 24, 2018 at the age of 77.


Victor J. Kemper

Victor Jay Kemper, A.S.C. (April 14, 1927 – November 27, 2023) was an American cinematographer. Kemper won an Emmy for Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography for his work on the 1987 television movie, "Kojak: The Price of Justice". He is also known for his work on "Dog Day Afternoon".

Kemper died in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, on November 27, 2023, at the age of 96.

Stan Dragoti

Stanley John "Stan" Dragoti (October 4, 1932 – July 13, 2018) was an American movie director. He was born in New York City. His work includes the comedies "Mr. Mom" and "Love at First Bite".

Dragoti died on July 13, 2018 in Los Angeles, California from complications of pneumonia at the age of 85.


List of largest Hindu temples

This is a list of largest Hindu Temples in terms of area.

24. 10 Most Amazing and Famous Temples in India

Libido

Libido is a person's 'sex drive'. A person's overall sexual drive (desire for sexual activity) varies greatly. Someone with a libido is called an "allosexual". Someone without it is called "asexual".

Sex drive is influenced by biological, psychological and social factors. Sex hormones like
testosterone, and neurotransmitters like dopamine affect the libido. Both of these work on a brain nucleus called the "nucleus accumbens" (one in each half of the brain). These centres work on motivation, learning, and reinforcement.

Social factors, such as work and family, and internal psychological factors, such as personality and stress, can affect libido. Sex drive can also be affected by medical conditions, medication, lifestyle and relationship issues, and age (e.g. puberty).


Iapetus

Iapetus may mean:


Kumbakonam

Kumbakonam is a town in the Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu, India. This town is the headquarters of the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district. The town is surrounded by two rivers, the Kaveri River to the north and Arasalar River to the south. Kumbakonam is known as a "temple town". This is because more numbers of Hindu Temples are built in Kumbakonam. The Mahamaham festival held (celebrated) in this town is famous throughout the country. In history, Kumbakonam was ruled by the Early Cholas, Pallavas, Medieval Cholas, Later Cholas, Pandyas, the Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Thanjavur Nayaks and the Thanjavur Marathas. This town served as a capital of the Medieval Cholas.

According to 2011 census, Kumbakonam had a population of 140,156. This town has a sex-ratio of 1,021 females for every 1,000 males. The average literacy of the town is 83.21%.

Kumbakonam has a strong Hindu majority. But it too has Muslim and Christian populations.


Papanasam taluk

Papanasam taluk is a taluk of Thanjavur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is Papanasam.

According to the 2011 census, Papanasam taluk has a population of 272,871. It has 133,814 males and 139,057 females in this population.

There are two panchayat towns in the taluk, Ayyampettai and the administrative headquarters, Papanasam. In 2011, there were thirty-four panchayat villages in Papanasam taluk.

List of cities in Tamil Nadu by population

The following are the cities in the state of Tamil Nadu, India, which have a population of 1 lakh and above (city / corporation area only). This list is based on the 2011 census conducted by Government of India.

Boston crab

The Boston crab is a professional wrestling hold in which a wrestler sits astride a prone opponent and pulls upwards on the opponent's legs.

Mamluk dynasty (Delhi)

Mamluk dynasty was a dynasty established in South Asia by Qutb ud-Din Aibak. He was a turkic slave of Muhammad of Ghor. The Mamluk dynasty ruled much of Eastern Pakistan, Northern India and present-day Bangladesh from 1206 to 1290. It was the first of five dynasties of the Delhi Sultanate, which lasted until 1526.

The Mamluk, literally meaning "owned", was a soldier of slave origin (came from a slave background) who had converted to Islam. In the 9th century the Mamluks became a powerful military caste in Muslim societies. Mamluks held political and military power most notably in Egypt, but also in Levant, Iraq, and the Indo-Pak subcontinent.

In 1206, Muhammad of Ghor, Sultan of the Ghurid dynasty was assassinated. Since he had no children, his empire split into minor sultanates led by his former mamluk generals. 

Taj-ud-Din Yildoz became the ruler of Ghazni. Muhammad bin Bakhtiyar Khilji got Bengal. Nasir-ud-Din Qabacha became the sultan of Multan. Qutb ud-Din Aibak became the sultan of Delhi, and that was the beginning of the Slave dynasty. However, his reign as the Sultan of Delhi was short lived as he died in 1210. His son Aram Shah came to the throne, only to be assassinated by Iltutmish in 1211.

The Sultanate under Iltutmish established friendly contacts with the Abbasid Caliphate between 1228–29. He had managed to keep India unaffected by the invasions of Genghis Khan and his successors.Following the death of Iltutmish in 1236, a series of weak rulers remained in power. The throne shifted from Rukn ud din Firuz to Razia Sultana until Ghiyas ud din Balban, the last powerful ruler of this dynasty. The Khalji dynasty was established, when Jalal ud din Firuz Khalji overthrew the last of the Slave dynasty rulers, Muiz ud din Qaiqabad, the great grandson of Balban.




Lee Sang-su

Lee Sang-su (Korean 이상수; other spellings: "Lee Sangsu"; born 13 August 1990 in Seoul) is a table tennis player from South Korea. He plays for Samsung Life Insurance. At World Championships he won one time bronze in the singles, twice bronze in the doubles and one time silver in the mixed doubles.
Lee reached at Youth- events a lot of international successen. At the Youth- asian championships he became champion with the team and 2008 he won the singles category. Also Lee took at Youth- world championships three silver namely 2007 and 2008 in the team competition and 2008 in the doubles with Seo Hyun-deok. His first medals at the World Tour-Gold in the singles and bronze in the doubles- he won at the Slovenia Open 2010, in that Lee came to the top 100 in the world rankings. In the doubles he became the bronze medal at the World Tour Grand Finals, with Seo Hyun-deok again. After the Korea Open 2011, where Lee won silver, he became with place 22 a new record. This position he improved first after four years.

2013 he has been nominated for the World Championships in adult area for the first time. In the singles he doesn't won a medal, but became vice-champion with Park Young-sook in the mixed doubles. 2015 where he played a WTTC again, he reached the third place in the doubles. Since August 2015 Lee is under the top 20 players in the world. At his first team WTTTC he reached together with the team place 3 (Bronze).

He qulificated himself for the Olympics 2016, but lost in the first match. With the team Lee has been the 4th place. In October he took part in the world cup, where Lee reached the Quarterfinals. Together with Yung Young-sik he won gold at the world tour grand finals and bronze at the WTTC 2017 in Düsseldorf. In the singles he reached the semifinals, where Lee lost to Fan Zhendong- so Lee won bronze. Of course that he became best South-Korean player. At the German Open he beat in the Quarterfinals Xu Xin and became the third place in the singles. At the Asian Cup 2018 Lee won bronze.




Lee Sang-su is an attacker. He uses on the forhand the Tenergy 05 and on the backhannd, too.

Battle of Stoney Creek

The Battle of Stoney Creek was part of the War of 1812. It took place on June 6, 1813. The battle was between the United Kingdom and the United States. 

John Vincent and John Harvey were the main commanders and leaders for the United Kingdom. John Chandler and William H. Winder were the main commanders for the United States during the Battle of Stoney Creek. 

There were 700 British soldiers. There were 3,400 American soldiets, of which 1,328 fought. The United Kingdom had 23 killed, 136 wounded, 52 captured and 3 missing. The United States had 16 killed, 38 wounded, and 100 captured.

Leaf miner

A leaf miner is the larva of an insect which lives inside a leaf and eats it. Most leaf-mining insects are moths (Lepidoptera), sawflies (Symphyta, a type of wasp) and flies (Diptera). Some beetles also do this.

Like woodboring beetles, leaf miners are protected from many predators and plant defences by feeding inside a leaf, eating its tissues. It eats only the layers that have the least cellulose. Also, when attacking "Quercus robur" (English oak), they feed on tissues with lower levels of tannin. Tannin is a chemical produced in abundance by the tree. It is not edible.

The pattern of the feeding tunnel and the layer of the leaf being mined shows what insect is responsible, sometimes even to the exact species. The mine often contains frass, or droppings, and the pattern of frass deposition, mine shape, and host plant identity show the species and instar of the leaf miner. A few mining insects feed in other parts of a plant, such as the surface of a fruit.

It has been suggested that some patterns of leaf variegation may be part of a defensive strategy used by plants. It deceives adult leaf miners into thinking that a leaf has already been preyed upon.

Gul Circle MRT station

Gul Circle MRT station is (EW30) is an above ground MRT station on the East West Line.

The station is the only above-ground station on the MRT network where the eastbound and westbound platforms are not located on the same level. This special layout is a provision for a possible two-station future extension to Tuas South, which would likely branch out from this station in a fashion similar to Tanah Merah MRT station as of 2024. Official details for this extension have not yet been announced.

The idea of the extension was first mooted on 25 January 2008 with the extension proposed to be completed by 2015.
The stations were first announced on 11 January 2011 by Transport Minister Mr Raymond Lim in a speech while visiting Bedok when new platform screen doors opened there and originally fixed 2016 as the original year of the line completion.

The station is expected to benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily. It is the first elevated stacked island platform, as there is a possible future two-station extension to Tuas South leading out from this station or interchange with another line. The $190-million contract was awarded to Shanghai Tunnel Engineering, a major civil engineering company from China for this station.

This station ceiling is above ground - about the height of a 10-storey HDB (Housing Development Board) block, the highest elevated station along the MRT network. There are two reasons for the height. First, the 7.5 km, $3.5 billion extension goes over the Ayer Rajah Expressway viaduct at the Pan-Island Expressway interchange. Second, a 4.8 km portion of the line is being integrated with a road viaduct, which runs below the rail line.

The opening of the station was delayed from 2016 to the second quarter of 2017 to make way for the installation of the new signalling system. It became fully operational on 18 June 2017.

Train services between Gul Circle and Tuas Link were temporary closed between 16 and 19 November 2017 following a collision that happened at Joo Koon. On 20 November 2017, train services from Gul Circle to Tuas Link were resumed; however, train services between Joo Koon and Gul Circle will be suspended till mid-2018 to facilitate maintenance work on signalling devices.

The station was built with two extra tracks opposite the operational EWL tracks, possibly for cross platform interchange with a future two-station extension of the line to Tuas South.


Iskandar Puteri

Iskandar Puteri is a city in Malaysia. It functions as the administrative capital of the state of Johor, Malaysia (Kota Iskandar) and represents the seat of government of the state of Johor (Executive branch & Legislative branch). Situated along the Straits of Johor at the southern end of the Malay Peninsula, it is also the southernmost city in Peninsular Malaysia (and thus the southernmost city of continental Eurasia). Together with the adjacent cities of Johor Bahru (the official state capital of Johor) and Pasir Gudang, the three adjoining cities are commonly located within the Johor Bahru District and they anchor Malaysia's third largest urban agglomeration, Iskandar Malaysia, with a population of 2.2 million ().

At first, the city was a town called Nusajaya. In January 2016, the town was renamed to Iskandar Puteri. In November 2017, the town was upgraded to a city.

The city is located at the southern part of Peninsular Malaysia.

The city is governed by Iskandar Puteri City Council. The city is the center for the state government of Johor, which is located at Kota Iskandar.

There are several universities and colleges in the city, which are University of Southampton Malaysia Campus, Newcastle University Medicine Malaysia, University of Reading, Multimedia University, Raffles University, Netherlands Maritime Institute of Technology, Marlborough College, etc.

There are several tourist attractions in the city, which are Legoland Malaysia Resort, Puteri Harbour, etc.


Producer gas

Producer gas is a fuel produced by passing air and steam through red-hot coke or anthracite or other fuel that contains carbon. Producer gas contains carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrogen, methane, and mostly nitrogen.

Rajendra Prasad

Rajendra Prasad was the first President of India. He was the president from 1950 to 1962. He was an Indian political leader and lawyer.Prasad joined the Indian National Congress during the Indian Independence Movement. He became a major leader from Bihar. He is a supporter of Mahatma Gandhi. Prasad was put in jail by Britishers during the Salt Satyagraha of 1931. He was also put in jail during the Quit India movement of 1942.

Prasad served as Minister of Food and Agriculture in the central government, after the 1946 elections. After independence in 1947, Prasad was elected as President of the Constituent Assembly of India. This assembly prepared the Constitution of India. When India became a Republic in 1950, Prasad was elected as the first President by the Constituent Assembly.In 1957, Prasad was re-elected as the President. By this he became the only president of India to serve two full terms. He died on 28 February 1963.

List of presidents of India

The President of India is the head of state of the Republic of India. This is the list of individuals who were presidents of the republic.

Under the Constitution, of the Republic of India, the President replaced the Monarch as ceremonial head of state. The President is elected by the Electoral College for a five-year term. In the event of a vacancy the Vice-President serves as Acting President.




Al-Nusra Front

Al-Nusra Front or Jabhat al-Nusra (), known as Jabhat Fatah al-Sham () is one of the organizations fighting in the Syrian Civil War. Since July 2016, it has also been known as Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (, transliteration: "Jabhat Fataḥ al-Šām"). It has also been called al-Qaeda in Syria or al-Qaeda in the Levant. They are a Salafist organization and want to create an Islamic state in the country.

The group announced its formation on 23 January 2012. The United States designated Jabhat al-Nusra as a foreign terrorist organization, followed by the United Nations Security Council and many other countries. It was the official Syrian branch of al-Qaeda until July 2016, when it became a separate organization. In early 2015, the group became one of the major components of the powerful jihadist joint operations room named the Army of Conquest, which took over large territories in Northwestern Syria. It also operates in neighbouring Lebanon. In November 2012, "The Washington Post" described al-Nusra as the most successful arm of the rebel forces.

In July 2016, al-Nusra formally separated from al-Qaeda and re-branded as Jabhat Fateh al-Sham ("Front for the Conquest of the Levant").

On 28 January 2017, following violent clashes with Ahrar al-Sham and other rebel groups, Jabhat Fateh al-Sham merged with four other groups to become Tahrir al-Sham.

According to spokesmen of a moderate wing of the Free Syrian Army (FSA), in November 2012 Nusra had between 6,000 and 10,000 fighters, which was 7–9% of the FSA's total fighters. Commentator David Ignatius for "The Washington Post" described Nusra then as the most aggressive and successful arm of the FSA. The United States Department of State stated likewise: "From the reports we get from the doctors, most of the injured and dead FSA are Jabhat al-Nusra, due to their courage and [the fact they are] always at the front line". On 10 December 2012, the U.S. designated Nusra a foreign terrorist organization and an alias of Al Qaeda in Iraq. That decision made it illegal for Americans to deal financially with Nusra. Days earlier, the American ambassador to Syria, R. Ford, had said: "Extremist groups like Jabhat al-Nusra are a problem, an obstacle to finding the political solution that Syria's going to need".

Rajapalaiyam

Rajapalaiyam is a town and a special grade municipality. It is in the Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Its main attraction is the Ayyanar Falls. The economy is based on the manufacture of textiles. There are mills for spinning and weaving cotton. This town is also known for the Rajapalayam variety of dogs.
According to 2011 census, Rajapalayam had a population of 130,442. It has a sex-ratio of 1,014 females for every 1,000 males. This ratio is much above the national average of 929.The average literacy of the city was 77.87%.

According to the religious census of 2011, Rajapalayam had 94.53% Hindus, 3.48% Muslims, 1.75% Christians, 0.02% Sikhs and 0.21% other religious population.

Neyveli

Neyveli is a town in Cuddalore district, Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town was developed in 1956 after the establishment (construction) of Neyveli Lignite Corporation.
In 1935, the presence of black particles was discovered. It was found that the particles are Lignite. The Neyveli Lignite Corporation was formed by the Government of India in 1956. The mining of lignite was started in 1962. Later thermal power station was started in 1962 with the co-operation of U.S.S.R.
As per 2011 census, population of Neyveli is 105,687.The male and female population are 53,442 and 52,245 respectively. Average literacy rate of Neyveli city is 90.98%. The sex ratio is 978 females per 1000 males.

South Canara

South Canara was a district of the Madras Presidency of British India. 
It covered the areas of the present-day districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi of Karnataka and the Kasaragod District of Kerala. In this district Tulu, Malayalam , Kannada, Konkani and Beary are the main languages spoken.
South Kanara was occupied by the British East India Company. This was after the defeat of Tipu Sultan in the Fourth Mysore War of 1799. South Canara along with North Kanara formed the district of Kanara in the Madras Presidency. 
In 1859, Kanara was split into two districts, North and South. North Kanara was made a part of the Bombay Presidency. South Canara was made a part of Madras. Mangalore was the administrative headquarters of the district. The district covered an area of .
South Kanara had a total population of 1,134,713 in 1901. In this 81 percent were Hindus, 11 percent were Muslim and 7 percent were Christian. In 1901, South Kanara had a density of .

Beary language

Beary language is an Indian language. It is spoken by the Muslim communities of Karnataka (Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts) and some parts of Kerala. Bearys speak a language made of Malayalam idioms (form of expression of a language) with Tulu pronunciation and grammar. The first Beary language feature movie (full length movie) "Byari" shared the award for the best feature movie at the 59th Indian National Film Awards.

National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil

The National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil is one of the National Film Awards presented every year by the Directorate of Film Festivals. This organisation was set up by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, India. It is one of several awards presented for feature films. It was awarded along with Rajat Kamal (Silver Lotus). The National Film Awards was established in 1954. These awards are the most important film awards in India. These are awarded for the best films of the Indian cinema.

Award includes 'Rajat Kamal' (Silver Lotus Award) and cash prize. Following are the award winners over the years:


Joker (2016 movie)

Joker is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language political satire (meaning: mockery, joke) movie. It was written and directed by Raju Murugan (of "Cuckoo film" famous). This was produced by Dream Warrior Pictures. The film was made with Guru Somasundaram and newcomers Ramya Pandian and Gayathri Krishnaa in leading roles. Bava Chelladurai, Ramasamy and Bala Murugan did the supporting roles. The satellite rights of the film were sold to Jaya TV.




Dubreuillosaurus

Dubreuillosaurus is a genus of carnivorous dinosaur from the middle Jurassic Period. It is a megalosaurid theropod closely related to Afrovenator and its fossils were found in France
It looked a lot like "Eustreptospondylus". The type fossil was an individual that probably measured long and weighed . 


Woh Apna Sa (TV series)

Woh Apna Sa is an Indian Hindi-Language television soap opera.
Which premiered on 23 January 2017.
And is broadcast on Zee TV. The show will be produced by Rashmi Sharma Telefilms Limited.
It Stars Disha Panwar,Sudeep Sahir and Manasi Salvi.
The show follows the story of Jhanvi and Arjun True Love.Ridhi Dogra who initially played the antagonist role of Nisha quit the show and wswas later replaced by Manasi Salvi. It previously aired Mon-Fri 10PM, but now airs Mon-Fri 7PM as Ishq Subhan Allah was given the 10PM timeslot


Condorraptor

Condorraptor (meaning 'robber from Cerro Condor') is a genus of Megalosaurid theropod dinosaur. From the Middle Jurassic of Argentina, it was one of the earliest large South American theropods. The animal was about 4.5 metres long and it weighed about 200 kg. It is very similar to another theropod from the same formation called "Piatnitzkysaurus".

Marshosaurus

Marshosaurus is a genus of medium-sized carnivorous theropod dinosaur. It was from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Utah and perhaps Colorado. This carnivore operated in the same territory as the larger and more famous "Allosaurus". It was about 4.5 metres long and weighed 200 kg.

The Morrison Formation is a sequence of shallow sea and river delta sediments between 156.3 million years ago at its base, to 146.8 mya at the top. That puts it in the later Jurassic period. The area would have been rather dry, with distinct wet and dry seasons. The Morrison Basin where dinosaurs lived, stretched from New Mexico to Alberta and Saskatchewan. It was formed when the early Rocky Mountains started pushing up in the west. The deposits from their east-facing drainage basins were carried by streams and rivers and deposited in swampy lowlands, lakes, river channels and floodplains. This formation is similar in age to the Solnhofen Limestone Formation in Germany and the Tendaguru Formation in Tanzania. In 1877 this formation became the center of the Bone Wars, a fossil-collecting rivalry between early paleontologists Othniel Charles Marsh and Edward Drinker Cope. 

Hans-Reinhard Koch

Hans-Reinhard Koch (27 November 1929 – 25 April 2018) was a German Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Leinefelde-Worbis, Germany.

Koch was ordained to the priesthood in 1955. He served as titular bishop of "Mediana" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt, Germany, from 1985 to 2004.

Koch died on 25 April 2018 in Erfurt, Germany of complications from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 88.

Piatnitzkysaurus

Piatnitzkysaurus (meaning "Piatnitzky's lizard") is a genus of theropod dinosaur. It lived about 166 to 164 million years ago in the middle Jurassic Period. Its remains were found in Argentina. The animal was a fairly large, lightly built, bipedal, land-based carnivore. It grew up to long.

Shuhrat Abbosov

Shuhrat Abbosov (sometimes spelled Shukhrat Abbasov in English) (; ) (January 16, 1931 – April 25, 2018) was an Uzbek actor, movie director, screenwriter, and movie producer. He was best known for his movie "Mahallada duv-duv gap" (1960) which is considered to be one of the best Uzbek movies of all time. He was also known for writing the screenplay for the highly-popular 1977 adventure movie "Shum bola."

Abbosov died on April 25, 2018, at the age of 87.

Palaeoscincus

Palaeoscincus (meaning "ancient skink" in Greek) is a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur based on teeth discovered in Montana. Like several other dinosaur genera named by Joseph Leidy ("Deinodon", "Thespesius", and "Trachodon"), it is an historically important genus with a convoluted taxonomy that has been all but abandoned by modern dinosaur paleontologists. Because of its wide use in the early 20th century, "Palaeoscincus" is often shown with the armor of "Edmontonia" and the tail club of an ankylosaurid.

Philibert Randriambololona

Philibert Randriambololona (1 May 1927 – 17 April 2018) was a Malagasy Roman Catholic archbishop.

Randriambololona was born in Anjozorobe, Madagascar and was ordained to the priesthood in 1961 for the Society of Jesus. He served as coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Antsirabé, Madagascar, from 1988 to 1989 and then as bishop of the diocese from 1989 to 1992. He then served as the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fianarantsoa, Madagascar from 1992 to 2002.

Randriambololona died on 17 April 2018 in Antananarivo, Madagascar at the age of 90.

Thespesius

Thespesius, or Thespecius, is an extinct hadrosaur described by Joseph Leidy in 1876.

"Thespecius" was discovered in Montana in 1855. Known fossils include vertebrae and toe bones (phalanx). 

The name "Thespesius" means wondrous one. Leidy avoided using the suffix "saurus" in the genus name because Vandiveer Hayden had claimed the bones came from a layer from the Miocene so there was a chance that the animal would turn out to be a mammal, though Leidy himself was convinced it was a dinosaurian. "Thespesius" turned out to be a dinosaur. The specific name "occidentalis" means "western" in Latin.

Niederschönenfeld

Niederschönenfeld is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. Since 2002, the mayor has been Peter Mahl.

Bob Pickens

Bob Pickens (February 2, 1943 – April 12, 2018) was an American Olympic wrestler and professional football player. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He played for the Chicago Bears from 1967 to 1969. Pickens was also an Olympic wrestler, competing in Tokyo, Japan in the heavyweight division at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Pickens died in Atlanta, Georgia on April 12, 2018 at the age of 75.

Huguette Tourangeau

Huguette Tourangeau (August 12, 1940 – April 21, 2018) was a Canadian operatic mezzo-soprano. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. She was made Order of Canada in July 1997. In 1967 and 1968, Tourangeau appeared with the New York City Opera, as Carmen. She made her formal Metropolitan Opera debut on November 28, 1973, as Nicklausse in "The Tales of Hoffmann".

Other notable roles included Bertario in "Rodelinda", at the Holland Festival; in "Semiramide" (as Arsace), "Mignon" (as Mignon), and "Le roi de Lahore" (as Kaled), at the Vancouver Opera; and "La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein", at the Santa Fe Opera.

Tourangeau died on April 21, 2018 at the age of 77.


Leland B. Yeager

Leland Bennett Yeager (; November 4, 1924 – April 23, 2018) was an American economist and an expert on monetary policy and international trade. He was a Professor Emeritus at both Auburn University and the University of Virginia.

The month before his death Yeager wrote about the "destructive and ignorant" trade policy of United States President Donald Trump. Yeager died in April 2018 at the age of 93.

Jerry Sandusky

Gerald Arthur Sandusky (born January 26, 1944) is an American convicted serial rapist, child molester and retired college football coach. Sandusky served as an assistant coach for his entire career, mostly at Pennsylvania State University under Joe Paterno, from 1969 to 1999. He received "Assistant Coach of the Year" awards in 1986 and 1999. Sandusky wrote several books about to his football coaching experiences. 

In 1977, Sandusky founded The Second Mile, a non-profit charity serving Pennsylvania's underprivileged and at-risk youth.

In 2011, following a two-year grand jury investigation, Sandusky was arrested and charged with 52 counts of sexual abuse of young boys over a 15-year period from 1994 to 2009.<ref name="NYT 2011/11/06"></ref> Sandusky was sentenced on October 9, 2012, to 30 to 60 years in prison—at his age, effectively a life sentence. On October 31, 2012, Sandusky was moved to Pennsylvania's SCI Greene "supermax" prison to serve his sentence. 

On January 30, 2013, Pennsylvania Judge John Cleland denied Sandusky's request for a new trial.


Peter Madsen

Peter Langkjær Madsen (; born 12 January 1971) is a Danish former entrepreneur and self-taught engineer. He co-founded the non-profit organization Copenhagen Suborbitals and was the founder and CEO of RML Spacelab ApS.

In April 2018, Madsen was convicted of the 2017 murder of Swedish journalist Kim Wall on board his submarine "UC3 Nautilus" and sentenced to life imprisonment.

Abbas (photographer)

Abbas Attar (; full name: "ʿAbbās ʿAṭṭār") (29 March 1944 – 25 April 2018) was an Iranian photographer. He was known for his photojournalism in Biafra, Vietnam and South Africa in the 1970s. He was a member of Sipa from 1971 to 1973, a member of Gamma from 1974 to 1980, and joined Magnum Photos in 1981.

Abbas died of complications from diabetes in Paris on 25 April 2018 at the age of 74.


Adebayo Adedeji

Adebayo Adedeji (December 21, 1930 in Ijebu-Ode – April 26, 2018 in Lagos) was a Nigerian economist and academic. He was Executive Secretary to the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa from 1975 to 1978, and UN Under-Secretary-General from 1978 until 1991. 

Adedeji was the founding Executive Director of the African Centre for Development and Strategic Studies (ACDESS) in 1991.


Inuka

Inuka (Inuit for "Silent Stalker") (26 December 1990 – 25 April 2018) was a male polar bear and one of the mascots of the Singapore Zoo. He was the first polar bear to be born in the tropics.

In early 2018, it was announced that Inuka's health was failing. After a second examination, Inuka was euthanized at the zoo on 25 April 2018 at the age of 27.

Animal euthanasia

Animal euthanasia (euthanasia from ; "good death") is the act of putting an animal to death or allowing it to die by without it facing extreme medical measures. Reasons for euthanasia include incurable (and especially painful) conditions or diseases, lack of resources to continue supporting the animal, or laboratory test procedures. 

Euthanasia methods are designed to cause minimal pain and distress. Euthanasia is distinct from animal slaughter and pest control although in some cases the procedure is the same.

In pet animals, this process is commonly referred to by euphemisms such as "put down" or "put to sleep".

Harry Kim (politician)

Harry Kim (born 1939) is an American politician. He is the Mayor of Hawaii County since December 2016. He served as Mayor from 2000-2008. Prior to his election, he was the county's civil defense director. 

While Kim first ran for mayor as a Republican, he considers himself to be nonpartisan.


Tarcisio Bertone

Tarcisio Pietro Evasio Bertone (born 2 December 1934) is an Italian prelate and a Vatican diplomat. He was a cardinal of the Catholic Church, he served as Archbishop of Vercelli from 1991 to 1995, as Secretary of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, when Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger (later Pope Benedict XVI) was Prefect, Archbishop of Genoa from 2002 to 2006, and as Cardinal Secretary of State from 2006 to 2013.

Bertone was elevated to the cardinalate in 2003. On 10 May 2008, he was named Cardinal-Bishop of Frascati. He was thought to be a candidate to replace Benedict XVI.


Shivakumara Swami

Sri Sri Sri Shivakumara Swamigalu (1 April 1907 – 21 January 2019) better known as Shivakumara Swami, was a Hindu religious figure and humanitarian. He was the head of Sree Siddaganga Matha who provided education to many people. in Tumkur District, Karnataka, South India and founder of the Sri Siddaganga Education Society. 

In 2015 the Government of India awarded him the Padma Bhushan. He became a supercentenarian on 1 April 2017.

Swami died on 21 January 2019 in Tumkur, Karnataka from a lung infection at the age of 111.


Masazō Nonaka

Nonaka was born on 25 July 1905 in Ashoro, Hokkaido as the eldest child of Masujiro Nonaka and his wife Kiyo Nonaka, and had two brothers and three sisters. In his youth, Nonaka worked as a farmer and lumberjack until 1925 when he took over Nonaka Onsen, a hot spring inn founded by his parents in 1905 and nowadays owned and managed by one of his grandchildren. In 1931, he married Hatsuno Nonaka, who died in 1992 and with whom he had 5 children (2 living).

Nonaka, who was the oldest living Japanese man since 112-year-old Masamitsu Yoshida's death on 29 October 2016, became the world's oldest living man after the death of 113-year-old Spaniard Francisco Núñez Olivera on 30 January 2018 (Núñez Olivera died on 29 January 2018 CET), and credited his long life to eating sweets and bathing in hot springs. Nonaka was also the oldest living person in Hokkaido since Teru Hatakeyama (who was just five days older) died on 3 April 2016.

Nonaka died in his sleep of natural causes at age 113 years, 179 days at 1:30am on 20 January 2019, and was succeeded as the oldest living man by Chitetsu Watanabe (born 5 March 1907), although German World War II-veteran Gustav Gerneth (born 15 October 1905?) and Mexican Domingo Villa Avisencio (born 26 August 1906?) claimed to be older than Watanabe (who, however, was the oldest living Japanese man).

Guru Somasundaram

Guru Somasundaram is an Indian actor who has appeared in Tamil language films. He made his debut (started his career in cinema) in Thiagarajan Kumararaja's "Aaranya Kaandam" (2011). This film won him much appreciation. Suseenthiran's action film "Pandiya Naadu" (2013), Karthik Subbaraj's gangster (criminal gangs) film "Jigarthanda" (2014) and Raju Murugan's political satire (mockery or joke) film "Joker" (2016) made him popular for his acting. The film Joker got a National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil. He is called Kollywood Heath Ledger. He lives in Tiruvannamalai.

Haikyu!!

Haikyu!! is a manga (Japanese comic) series made by Haruichi Furudate. "Haikyu!!" was made into an anime too. The anime is directed by Susumu Mitsunaka. 

The story is about high school volleyball in Miyagi. The main character is Shouyou Hinata. He is a first year student at Karasuno High School. Karasuno High School is the main high school in this story. Shouyou and his team begins the Karasuno boys' volleyball team's journey to the top in Spring Valley High and Inter-High. There are five rival high school in this story. Aoba Johsai, Nekoma, Date Tech, Fukuroudani Academy, and Shiratorizawa Academy. In the story, the Karasuno High School volleyball team plays against the rival schools and the team members have a wonderful springtime of life with volleyball.

A first year student at Karasuno High School. His position is middle blocker.

A first year student at Karasuno High School. His position is setter.

A first year student at Karasuno High School. His position is middle blocker.

A first year student at Karasuno High School. His position is middle blocker/soon to be setter.

A third year student at Karasuno High School. His position is wing spiker. He is also the captain of the volleyball team.

A third year student at Karasuno High School. His position is setter. He is also the vice-captain of the volleyball team.

A third year student at Karasuno High School. His position is wing spiker. He is the volleyball team's ace.

A second year student at Karasuno High School. His position is wing spiker.

A second year student at Karasuno High School. His position is libero.

A second year student at Karasuno High School. His position is wing spiker.

A second year student at Karasuno High School. His position is wing spiker.

A second year student at Karasuno High School. His position is middle blocker.

A third year student at Aoba Johsai High School. His position is setter. He is also the captain of the volleyball team.

A third year student at Aoba Johsai High School. His position is wing spiker. He is also the vice-captain and ace of the volleyball team.

A first year student at Aoba Johsai High School. His position is middle blocker.

A first year student at Aoba Johsai High School. His position is wing spiker.

A second year student at Nekoma High School. His position is setter.

A third year student at Nekoma High School. His position is middle blocker. He is also the captain of the volleyball team.

A first year student at Nekoma High School. His position is middle blocker.

A second year student at Date Tech. His position is middle blocker.

A second year student at Date Tech. His position is wing spiker.

A third year student at Fukuroudani Academy. His position is wing spiker. He is also the captain and ace of the volleyball team.

A second year student at Fukuroudani Academy. His position is setter. He is also the vice-captain of the volleyball team.

A third year student at Shiratorizawa Academy. His position is wing spiker. He is also the captain and ace of the volleyball team.

Perseids

The Perseids are prolific meteor showers associated with the comet Swift–Tuttle. The point they appear to come from (called the radiant) is in the constellation Perseus.

They come into the sky regularly mid-July to late August. Date of peak shower is August 24th.

Leonids

The Leonids are a prolific meteor shower associated with the comet Tempel–Tuttle. 

The Leonids get their name from the direction their shower seems to come from. This direction is called the radiant. The meteors appear to come from the constellation Leo. 

The Leonids peak in the month of November.

Dwayne Bravo

Dwayne John Bravo (born 7 October 1983) is a Trinidadian cricketer. He was the former captain of the West Indies national cricket team in all types of cricket matches. He is an all-rounder. He is a right handed batsman. He bowls right arm medium fast pace. He is particularly known for his aggressive (extra-ordinary in hitting boundaries like six and four) batting in the middle order. He is also known for his bowling in death overs. He plays for Chennai Super Kings in the Indian Premier League. In the Pakistani Super League he plays for Lahore Qalanders. He also had played for the Melbourne Renegades in the Big Bash League, the Chittagong Kings in the Bangladesh Premier League, and Kent and Essex in English county cricket.On 31 January 2015, Bravo announced his retirement from Test cricket. He continues to play ODIs and T20Is.

Cleveland-Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry

The Cleveland-Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry is well known for having the densest concentration of Jurassic dinosaur fossils ever found. It is a paleontological site near Cleveland, Utah. The quarry is in a part of the geological layers known as the Morrison Formation.

Well over 15,000 bones have been excavated from this Jurassic excavation site. There are many thousands more awaiting excavation and study. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in October 1965.

All of these bones, belonging to different species, are found disarticulated and mixed together. Perhaps this strong concentration of mixed fossilised bones is due to a "predator trap". No scientific consensus has been reached yet and debates continue to the present day.

Anglo-Zanzibar War

The Anglo-Zanzibar War was fought between the Sultanate of Zanzibar, a state in and capital of the country of Zanzibar, and the United Kingdom on 27 August 1896. Lasting between 38 to 45 minutes, it is the shortest recorded war in history.

The current Sultan (the person who rules the Sultanate of Zanzibar), Sultan Hamad bin Thwaini, who was pro-British, died. While he was alive, because he was English Council approved, he and the Sultanate of Zanzibar were on good terms with England, but when he died, a new Sultan was needed. 

Sultan Khalid bin Barghash, his 29-year-old nephew eventually became his successor, but Khalid was no-longer approved by England, now making him and his state enemies with the English Army. England told him to come out of hiding, but the new Sultan's response was to barricade himself in his palace even more. As expected, the Sultanate of Zanzibar was absolutely destroyed by the English Army, which led to what we know today as the Anglo-Zanzibar war, the shortest recorded war in history that lasted between 38 to 45 minutes.

There were varying casualties on both sides. For England, only a single sailor was wounded, but for the Sultanate of Zanzibar five hundred were killed or injured (including civilians), 4 artillery pieces were destroyed, a shore battery was destroyed, two other boats were sunk, and the HHS Glasgow (the Sultan’s personal royal ship) was sunk. The Sultan’s palace was also burned down to the ground.

Khalid was captured by English forces in 1916, and a new Sultan, Sultan Hamoud, became his successor. This new leader was extraordinarily loyal to England and their council, which definitely helped Zanzibar recover from this attack, as England decided not to impose new harsh rules on their relationship with the sultanate.

Guhyasamāja Tantra

Guhyasamāja Tantra (Sanskrit: Guhyasamājatantra; Tibetan: Gsang ’dus rtsa rgyud; English: "Tantra of the Secret Community") is a tantra method of Tibetan Buddhism. The central figure is called "Vajra‐pāni" which means a vajra-carrier or a vajra-master.

The Guhyasamāja Tantra was the secret gathering based on thought that having sexual relations with many women would contribute to Buddhism awakening. The legitimate wives of the vajra‐sattvaḥa, called "dakinis", were limited only to virgins. Although the number of dakinis is variously drafted according to the literature, it probably amounts to a number of geometrical progressionwise.

Also statues and pictures were made to beautify the method. However, because those acts had no integrity to fundamental buddhist precepts, it is no longer done in Tibetan Buddhism. On the contrary, warning symbols and festivals, such as Citipati, are widely spread.


Music sequencer

A music sequencer (or simply sequencer) is a device or application software that can record, edit, or play back music, by handling note and performance information in several forms, typically CV/Gate, MIDI, or Open Sound Control (OSC), and possibly audio and automation data for DAWs and plug-ins.

Shearography

Shearography is a method used to test if something is broken on the inside, where people cannot see. Things that can be tested with shearography are airplane wings, wind turbine generator blades, boats, and other structures. A special camera is used to take a picture of something that might be broken inside. After this picture is taken, the structure is pushed a little bit so that it bends slightly. While it is bent, another photo is taken with the special camera in the same location. The special camera uses computer software to compare the two pictures. If the software sees any damage, it will display the damage on a computer monitor so people can see it.

Edith Wilmans

Edith Wilmans ( December 21, 1882 - March 21, 1966) was a politician. She helped lead in the Democratic party, fighting for women’s rights. Wilmans was born in Louisiana as Edith Eunice Therrel. She was married in 1900 to Hall Wilmans, and later they had three daughters. Wilmans first started fighting for women’s rights when she undertook organizing a Dallas organization for women’s rights. In 1918 Wilmans decided she wanted to become a lawyer to help women’s voting rights.  She then got a job for the Texas legislature in 1923, three years after the 19th amendment was passed. During her time on the job, she was part of the office that passed laws to give more money to schools in Dallas. In 1925 she was asked by Pat M. Neff to be part of state Supreme Court. She then later left because she didn't have the training to be on the court. 

Urvashi Vaid

Urvashi Vaid (8 October 1958 – 14 May 2022) was an Indian-American LGBT activist. She moved to the United States when she was eight. She ended high school after three years. She then went to New York’s Vassar College. After, she went to law school at Northeastern University in Boston. She is lesbian. 

Vaid supports gay and lesbian rights. She lived in Boston and started the Lesbian Gay Political Alliance. This organization supports the gay people in Boston. After college, she helped prisoners who had HIV. In 1985, she started working at the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force. This group teaches people about the lives of gay and lesbian people. She also started the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force’s Creating Change Conference. In 1995, she wrote a book called "Virtual Equality: The Mainstreaming of Gay and Lesbian Liberation". 

Vaid died on 14 May 2022 in New York City, aged 63. She had breast and thyroid cancer at the time of her death.

Coherence (physics)

Coherence in advanced physics is a phenomenon of electromagnetic waves.

In physics, two wave sources are perfectly coherent if they have a constant phase difference and the same frequency, and the same waveform. In such a case the waves plot as identical: their peaks and troughs occur at the same time, and they have the same amplitude.

Coherence is an ideal property of waves. It produces stationary (i.e. temporally and spatially constant) interference.

The idea has several distinct concepts. These are limiting cases which never quite occur in reality. However, they allow an understanding of the physics of waves, and have become an important concept in quantum physics.

More generally, coherence describes all properties of the correlation between physical quantities of a single wave, or between several waves or wave packets.

Rosie Hackett

Rosanna “Rosie” Hackett (1893–1976) was a worker rights activist and trade union leader. She lived in Dublin, Ireland.

Hackett was born on 25 July 1893, in Dublin, Ireland. Her family was hardworking, but they did not have very much money. They lived in a small, broken, dirty building with many people. Her father died when she was young. A few years later, she worked at a paper store in her hometown to get money.

Hackett had a lot of important events in her life. She was a part of many strikes and helped to start the group, IWWU (Irish Women Worker Union). Also, after her death, she had a bridge in Dublin named after her in 2013. (The Rosie Hackett Bridge) 

Hackett died on 4 July 1976. She was 84 years old and her body was placed in Glasnevin, Dublin, Ireland. She was respected for her acts in strikes and helped the Irish economy.

Božidar Smiljanić

Božidar Smiljanić (20 September 1936 – 7 April 2018) was a Croatian actor. He appeared in more than 70 movies from his career's beginning in 1953 until his retirement in 2016. He was born in Zagreb, Croatia.

Smiljanić was known for his movies "Journalist" (1979), "Transylvania 6-5000" (1985), "Armour of God" (1986), "Project A Part II" (1987), "" (1991), "First Class Thieves" (2005), "Ultimate Force" (2005) and "The Constitution" (2016).

Smiljanić died on 7 April 2018 in Zagreb at the age of 81.

Jerrold Meinwald

Jerrold Meinwald (January 16, 1927 – April 23, 2018) was an American chemist. He was known for his work on chemical ecology. He worked with Thomas Eisner. He was a Professor Emeritus of Chemistry at Cornell University. He was author or co-author of well over 400 scientific articles. 


Lloyd John Ogilvie

Lloyd John Ogilvie (September 2, 1930 – June 5, 2019) was an American Presbyterian minister. He was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin. He was Chaplain of the United States Senate from 104th through 107th Congresses from 1995 to 2003.

Ogilvie died on June 5, 2019 at the age of 88.

Daniel Coughlin

Fr. Daniel P. Coughlin, STL, (born November 8, 1934) served as the 59th Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives from March 23, 2000, to April 14, 2011. He was the first Roman Catholic priest to serve in that position.


Shelburne, Vermont

Shelburne is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. It is located along the shores of Lake Champlain. Shelburne is a suburb of Burlington. Shelburne's town center is about south of Burlington's city's center. The population of Shelburne was 7,717 at the 2020 census.

Cheltenham

Cheltenham , also known as Cheltenham Spa, is the second largest town in Gloucestershire with a population of about 117,500 in mid 2016.

It is famous for having a large amount of millionaires with a rate of 43 multimillionaires per 100,000 people, the third largest in the United Kingdom.

Battle of Fulford

The Battle of Fulford took place on the 20th September 1066 near York. The battle was between Viking invaders and English Earls. It was fought by, on one side, King Harald III of Norway (Harald Hardrada (Old Norse, meaning "hard ruler") and his English ally Tostig Godwinson. On the other side were two Earls, Edwin and Morcar. Tostig was the exiled brother of the English king Harold Godwinson. The battle was fought out on the outskirts of the village of Fulford, close to York.

The battle was a decisive victory for the Viking army. The earls of York could have hidden behind the walls of their city. Instead, they met the Viking army across a river. All day the English tried to break the Viking shield wall but failed.

Edwin and Morcar had survived the battle. York surrendered to the Norwegians. Harald had won the battle. One cause of the battle was that Earl Morcar had replaced Tostig as Earl of Northumbria.

The Anglo-Saxon king Edward the Confessor died on 5 January 1066 without an heir. The only surviving member of the royal family was Edgar, the young son of Edward Ætheling. On the day of King Edward's funeral, 6 January, Harold Godwinson, the Earl of Wessex, rushed to London, where he was crowned king in the Abbey of Saint Peter of Westminster, by Ealdred, Archbishop of York. Harold Godwinson was elected as King by the Witenagemot, who had gathered in Westminster to celebrate the feast of Epiphany.

However, two powerful earls, brothers Edwin of Mercia and Morcar of Northumbria, challenged his authority. Sources indicate that Harold moved north to confront them; however, in the end he got their loyalty by marrying their sister, Edith, the widow of Griffith of Wales. By securing the loyalty of Edwin and Morcar, Godwinson increased his strength in the north. These men were, in fact, the first barrier between Harald Hardrada and Harold Godwinson.

The defeat of the earls had a big consequence. Because his enemies won, King Harold Godwinson had to force-march his troops , from London to York. He did this within a week of Fulford. He surprised the Viking army and defeated them at the Battle of Stamford Bridge. In the meantime William, Duke of Normandy, had landed his army in Sussex on the south coast.

Probably the engagements at Fulford Gate and at the Battle of Stamford Bridge seriously affected Harold's strength at the Battle of Hastings some three weeks later. There is no doubt that if Harold had not been diverted by the battles in the north, he would have been better prepared to fight William at Hastings and the result might have been different.

Sayyid dynasty

Sayyid dynasty was the fourth dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate. This dynasty is the shortest ruling dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate. Throughout this dynasty, four rulers ruled North India. Their rule lasted from 1414 to 1451.Founded by a former governor of Multan. This dynasty succeeded the Tughlaq dynasty. They were displaced or succeeded by the Lodi dynasty. 
Following the 1398 Delhi invasion of Amir Timur, he appointed the Sayyids as the governors of Delhi. This dynasty was established by Sayyid Khizr Khan. He was appointed by Timur to be the governor of Multan (Punjab). Khizr Khan captured Delhi from Daulat Khan Lodi on May 28, 1414. By this way he established (formed) the Sayyid dynasty.
Khizr Khan was succeeded by his son Sayyid Mubarak Shah. He succeeded after his father's death on May 20, 1421. Mubarak Shah referred to himself as "Muizz-ud-Din Mubarak Shah" on his coins. After the death of Mubarak Shah, his nephew, Muhammad Shah ascended (came to throne) the throne. His son Sayyid Ala-ud-Din Shah succeeded him as the king.Alam Shah was a weak ruler. In 1451 he surrendered Delhi to Bahlul Lodi. He went to Budaun where he spent rest of his life.


Yang Ha-eun

Yang Ha-eun (korean ㅋ뭏 ㅗㅁ뎌ㅜ; born 25 February 1994 in Seoul) is a female South Korean table tennis player. She won the goldmedal in the mixed-doubles at the World Championships 2015.

Muhammad Shah (Sayyid dynasty)

Muhammad Shah (r. 1434-1445) was the third king of the Sayyid dynasty. Sayyid dynasty is the fourth dynasty of Delhi Sultanate. He succeeded his uncle, Mubarak Shah. Alam Shah succeeded him as the king. Both of them were incapable or weak rulers. They only ruled from the city of Delhi and that was only the extent to which their kingdom was.


Alam Shah

Alam Shah was the fourth and last ruler of the Sayyid dynasty. He succeeded his father, Muhammad Shah to the throne. According to sources, at this time , the empire extended from Delhi to nearby suburb (locality) Palam..Alam Shah was an incapable ruler. He left the kingdom in 1448. He moved to Budaun. Three years later, Bahlul Lodi took control of the capital.


Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud Shah Tughluq

Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud Shah Tughluq (reign: 1394 − February 1413 CE) was the last sultan of the Tughlaq dynasty. Tughlaq dynasty is the third dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate. During this reign (rule) in 1398, Amir Timur the Turkic ruler invaded India. Soon after the invasion, the Tughlaq dynasty came to an end."

After Mahmud's rule, Khizr Khan found the Sayyid dynasty.

Lerwick

Lerwick (; Scottish Gaelic: "Liùrabhaig", Norwegian: "Leirvik") is the main port of Shetland Islands, Scotland. Its population was 6,958 in the 2011 census.

It also is the second largest port in the Northern Isles and the most northernmost town in the United Kingdom.

The town is home to 4 football teams: Lerwick Thistle, Lerwick Rangers, Lerwick Spurs, and Lerwick Celtic.

Lerwick is considered a safe haven for retired members of the Irish Republican Army. It is also home to a terrorist organisation known as the Coast Guard.

Lerwick musicians are known for stealing music from the Scottish mainland because their own music is shite.

Gianfranco Parolini

Gianfranco Parolini (20 February 1925 – 26 April 2018) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He is often credited as Frank Kramer. Among his movies are "The Sabata Trilogy", several sword and sandal movies, most of the Kommissar X movies and a number of Spaghetti Westerns. He was born in Rome, Italy.

He claimed to have written over 100 thriller novels before becoming an assistant to Giuseppe D'Amato.

Parolini died on 26 April 2018 in Rome, Italy at the age of 93.

Montfaucon

Montfaucon can mean:





Montfaucon-d'Argonne

Montfaucon-d'Argonne is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-east France.


Saint-Bernard, Haut-Rhin

Saint-Bernard is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Saint-Cosme

Saint-Cosme is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Winkel, Haut-Rhin

Winkel is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in east France.

People who live here are called Winkelois and Winkeloises.

Sigolsheim

Sigolsheim used to be a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune Kaysersberg-Vignoble.

Children went to school at the École élémentaire publique intercommunale which had preschool ("maternelle") and elementary.


Something Just Like This

"Something Just Like This" is an electropop song by American DJ duo The Chainsmokers, with British band Coldplay. It was released on February 22, 2017, as the lead single from The Chainsmokers' album, "Memories…Do Not Open" (2017).

The song reached the top two in Australia and the UK and the top three in the US and Canada. It reached number one on the US Pop Songs radio chart and in Belgium (Flanders). It reached the top five in nine other countries. "Something Just like This" finished at number five on "Billboard"'s 2017 Year-End Hot 100.

"Something Just like This" has been certified quadruple-platinum in the US for shipments and streams of over four million copies.

Robert Wilkie

Robert Leon Wilkie Jr. (born August 2, 1962) is an American lawyer and government official. He was the 10th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from July 30, 2018 to January 20, 2021. He was the "acting" Secretary from March 28, 2018 to May 29, 2018, while serving as the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness from November 30, 2017 until July 2018. 

On May 18, 2018, President Trump announced that he was nominating Wilkie to hold the job full time of United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. On July 23, 2018, Wilkie was confirmed by the United States Senate as the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs by a 86-9 vote.

Wilkie was born in Frankfurt, West Germany. He grew up in Fort Bragg, North Carolina.

Wilkie Jr. received his B.A. degree from the Wake Forest University in North Carolina. He also studied at Loyola University School of Law in New Orleans in 1988 and at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C..

Wilkie began his professional career on Capitol Hill as Counsel to Jesse Helms. In 1997, he began service as counsel and advisor on international security affairs to Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott.

Wilkie served as special assistant to the President for national security affairs and a senior director of the National Security Council where he was a senior policy advisor to then-National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice. 

Wilkie was nominated to be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness by President Donald Trump on July 25, 2017. This nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on November 16, 2017. Wilkie was a Senior Advisor to U.S. Senator Thom Tillis.

Wilkie was nominated to be Secretary of Veterans Afairs by President Trump on May 29, 2018. He was to replace fired Secretary David Shulkin. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on July 23, 2018, in a 86-9 vote. He was sworn-in on July 30.

Wilkie praised Confederate President Jefferson Davis as a "martyr" and an "exceptional man in an exceptional age" in a 1995 speech at the United States Capitol.

In 2009, Defense Secretary Robert Gates awarded him the Defense Distinguished Public Service Medal, the highest civilian award of the Department.


Frank Capra

Frank Russell Capra (born Francesco Rosario Capra; May 18, 1897 – September 3, 1991) was a Sicilian-American movie director, movie producer and screenwriter. He won three Oscars from his six nominations as Best Director. His best known movies are "It Happened One Night" (1934), "You Can't Take It with You" (1938), "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939) and "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946).

Titusville, Pennsylvania

Titusville is a city in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 5,262 at the 2020 census. Titusville is where the modern oil industry began.

University of Calcutta

The University of Calcutta (informally known as Calcutta University or CU) is a public state university located in Kolkata (formerly "Calcutta"), West Bengal, India. It was created on 24 January 1857. Within India it is recognized as a "Five-Star University" and a "Centre with Potential for Excellence" by the University Grants Commission and the National Assessment and Accreditation Council.

Colin Miller

Colin Fyfe Miller (born 4 October 1964) is a Scottish-born Canadian professional soccer coach. He captained the Canadian national team several times while earning 61 caps (scoring 5 goals) in total.

United Nations Economic Commission for Africa

The United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA or ECA) was created in 1958 by the United Nations Economic and Social Council to create economic growth among its member states (the nations of the African continent) following a recommendation of the United Nations General Assembly.

It is one of five regional commissions.

Elvira Orphée

Elvira Amanda Orphée (29 May 1922 – 26 April 2018) was an Argentine writer. She was born in San Miguel de Tucumán. Orphée has published short stories and articles in various publications such as "El Tiempo", "Revista de Occidente", "Asomante", "Cuadernos", "Razon" and "Zona Franca e Imagen".

She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in Creative Arts in 1988.

Orphée died on 26 April 2018 in Buenos Aires at the age of 95.

Roy Young (musician)

Roy Young (1937 – 27 April 2018) was a English rock and roll singer, pianist and keyboard player. He first recorded in the late 1950s before performing in Hamburg with The Beatles. He also played for Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers. He released several albums with his own band as well as recording with Chuck Berry and David Bowie, among others.


James H. Cone

James Hal Cone (August 5, 1936 – April 28, 2018) was an American theologian. He was best known for his work of Black theology and Black Liberation Theology. His 1969 book "Black Theology and Black Power" became popular as it talked about theology in the black church. He was the Charles Augustus Briggs Distinguished Professor of Systematic Theology at Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York until his death.

Cone died on April 28, 2018 in New York City at the age of 81.


Alfie Evans case

The Alfie Evans case was a legal case in 2018 involving Alfie Evans (9 May 2016 – 28 April 2018), a baby boy from Liverpool with an undiagnosed neurodegenerative disorder. 

The medical team and the child's parents disagreed about whether to keep Evans' life support or to remove it, resulting in a legal battle. 

On 19 December 2017, Alder Hey applied to the High Court to withdraw parental rights from Alfie's parents and to withdraw ventilation. The High Court ruled in favour of the hospital on 20 February 2018.

The ventilatory support was removed on 23 April 2018 following a series of unsuccessful appeals from Alfie's family. Alfie continued to breathe naturally after the removal of his breathing tube. He died on 28 April 2018 at the age of 1.

Natasha Chandel

Natasha Chandel is a Canadian actress and TV producer based in Los Angeles. Natasha is known for starring and directing the web series "Mumbai Chopra: Misadventures of an It Girl". She was named "leading Protégé for creativity" by Lancôme Mille Femmes.

Natasha was born in Sharjah, UAE. Natasha has worked as a producer for top networks such Maker Studios- Disney Digital Network, CBC, Rogers Television and MTV News. In 2016, she created and began hosting the dating podcast "KINDA DATING", which has featured Sunny Leone, Laura Clery and Dr. Wendy Walsh. Natasha has also appeared as a leading actress in several TV series including "Mumbai Chopra: Misadventures of an It Girl", "The Can", "The Mindy Project" and "M.V.P".

In 2014, she created, wrote and directed a branded web series The Can, which consisted of three episodes.


James Hylton

James Harvey Hylton (August 26, 1934 – April 28, 2018) was an American stock car racing driver. He was born in Roanoke, Virginia. He was a two-time winner in NASCAR Winston Cup Series (now Monster Energy Cup Series) competition. He was a long-time competitor in the ARCA Racing Series. Hylton finished second in points in NASCAR's top series three times.

Hylton was killed in a car crash near Carnesville, Georgia on April 28, 2018 at the age of 83.


Art Paul

Arthur Paul (January 18, 1925 – April 28, 2018) was an American graphic designer. Paul was born in South Side, Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Rogers Park. He was the founding art director of Playboy magazine for 30 years. During his time at Playboy, he created illustrators and artists to illustrate (Andy Warhol, Salvador Dalí, and James Rosenquist among them).

Paul died from complications of pneumonia on April 28, 2018 at a hospital in Lake View, Chicago at the age of 93.

Art Shay

Art Shay (March 31, 1922 – April 28, 2018) was an American photographer and writer. He was born in The Bronx, New York, but spent most of his life in Chicago. Shay's 2000 autobiography is titled "Album for an Age: Unconventional Words and Pictures from the 20th Century." In 2002, the American Theater Company in Chicago staged Shay's autobiographical play, "Where Have You Gone, Jimmy Stewart?", directed by Mike Nussbaum. 

Shay died in April 2018 at the age of 96 in Deerfield, Illinois from heart failure.


Deerfield, Illinois

Deerfield is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States, approximately 25 miles north of Chicago with a small portion extending into Cook County, Illinois. The population was 19,196 at the 2020 census.

Deerfield is home to the headquarters of Walgreens, Baxter Healthcare, Business Technology Partners, Caterpillar Inc., APAC Customer Services, Fortune Brands Home & Security, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company's US HQ, Consumers Digest, and Mondelēz International.

Karl Toft

Karl Richard Toft (June 30, 1936 – April 28, 2018) was a convicted Canadian sex offender and pedophile. He was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick. He committed an estimated 200 sexual assaults while working as a guard at the Kingsclear Youth Training Centre in Kingsclear, New Brunswick. 

Toft was thought as one of Canada’s worst sex offenders. Toft was convicted of 34 sex-related charges and sentenced in December 1992 to 13 years in prison. In 1994, Toft appealed the sentence but lost. He served 11 years of his sentence and was freed. He was represented by Daniel Watters, who maintained that two-thirds of the allegations were untrue.

Toft died on April 28, 2018 from lung cancer in Edmonton, Alberta, aged 81.

Paul Junger Witt

Paul Junger Witt (March 20, 1941 – April 27, 2018) was an American movie and television producer. He produced such hit TV shows as "Here Come the Brides", "The Partridge Family", "The Golden Girls", "Soap", "Benson", "Empty Nest" and "Blossom". In movies, he was best known for producing "Dead Poets Society".

From 1983 until his death in 2018, Witt was married to screenwriter Susan Harris.

Witt died of lymphoma in Los Angeles, California on April 27, 2018 at the age of 77.

April 2018 inter-Korean summit

The 2018 inter-Korean summit (South Korea: , North Korea: ) took place on April 27, 2018, on the South Korean side of the Joint Security Area, between Moon Jae-in, President of South Korea, and Kim Jong-un, Supreme Leader of North Korea. 

It was the third inter-Korean summit – and the first in eleven years. It was also the first time since the end of the Korean War in 1953 that a North Korean leader entered the South's territory; President Moon also briefly crossed into the North's territory. 

The summit was focused on the North Korean nuclear weapons program and denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. The Panmunjom Declaration was made following the summit.

Richard Belzer

Richard Jay Belzer (August 4, 1944 – February 19 2023) was an American stand-up comedian and actor. He was also a conspiracy author. He is best known for his role as John Munch, on the NBC police drama series "" and "".

Belzer believed there was a conspiracy to assassinate President John F. Kennedy. He wrote four books discussing conspiracy theories.

Belzer was a cousin of actor Henry Winkler.

Belzer died at his home in Beaulieu-sur-Mer, France on February 19, 2023, at age 78. The cause of death was cardiopulmonary arrest caused by heart and respiratory failure.


John Ziegler Jr.

John Augustus Ziegler Jr. (February 9, 1934 – October 25, 2018) was an American lawyer and ice hockey executive. He was the fourth president of the National Hockey League from 1977 to 1992. Ziegler received the Lester Patrick Trophy in 1984 and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1987. He was the leading figure in making hockey players wear helmets during hockey games.

Ziegler Jr. died in Sewall's Point, Florida on October 25, 2018 at the age of 84.


Gil Stein (ice hockey)

Gilbert Stein (born 1928) is an American lawyer, law instructor and former professional ice hockey executive. Stein served with the National Hockey League (NHL) as vice-president and legal counsel for nearly 15 years before becoming the fifth and last president of the NHL in 1992. Stein served in that role for a year until shortly after the owners appointed Gary Bettman to the newly created post of commissioner. 

Stein was initially inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993, but withdrew after allegations that he had improperly manipulated his own nomination. 


Adam Silver

Adam Silver (born April 25, 1962) is an American lawyer and businessman. He is the current commissioner of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has held this position since February 1, 2014.

Silver has been married to his wife, Maggie, since 2015. They have one daughter.


David Stern

David Joel Stern (September 22, 1942 – January 1, 2020) was an American lawyer. He was the commissioner of the National Basketball Association from 1984 through 2014. He started with the Association in 1966 as an outside counsel, joined the NBA in 1978 as General Counsel, and became the league's Executive Vice President in 1980.

Stern became Commissioner in 1984, replacing Larry O'Brien. He is known for increasing the popularity of the NBA in the 1990s and 2000s.

On December 12, 2019, Stern was hospitalized in New York City after having a cerebral hemorrhage. He died on January 1, 2020 at the age of 77.

Rob Manfred

Robert D. Manfred Jr. (born September 28, 1958) is an American lawyer and business executive. He is the tenth and current Commissioner of Baseball. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Major League Baseball (MLB) and succeeded Bud Selig as Commissioner on January 25, 2015.

Paul Tagliabue

Paul John Tagliabue (; born November 24, 1940) is the former Commissioner of the National Football League. He became commissioner in 1989 and retired in 2006. He was replaced by Roger Goodell, who was elected to the position on August 8, 2006. Tagliabue had previously served as a lawyer for the NFL.

Tagliabue served as Chairman of Board of Directors of Georgetown University from 2008 to 2015.

Fred Hoiberg

Fredrick Kristian Hoiberg (born October 15, 1972) is an American professional basketball coach and former player. He serves as the head coach for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA) since 2015. In his playing career, he played for the Bulls, the Indiana Pacers and the Minnesota Timberwolves. He was born in Lincoln, Nebraska.


Rick Renteria

Richard Avina Renteria (born December 25, 1961) is an American former Major League Baseball infielder. He is the manager of the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He was born in Harbor City, California. 

Renteria played in parts of five seasons between 1986 and 1994 with the Pittsburgh Pirates, Seattle Mariners, and Florida Marlins. He then coached and managed in the Marlins organization until 2001, and in the San Diego Padres organization until 2013. 

Renteria was the manager of the Chicago Cubs in 2014. Renteria was also the bench coach for the Chicago White Sox in 2016.

, or Retrosheet

Matt Nagy

Matt Nagy (born April 24, 1978) is an American football coach and former quarterback. He is the head coach of the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL) since 2018. He was born in Dunellen, New Jersey. He played for the New York Dragons, Carolina Cobras, Georgia Force, Columbus Destroyers and the Philadelphia Eagles.


Dave O'Neal

David C. O’Neal (January 24, 1937 – July 10, 2021) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Belleville, Illinois.

O'Neal was the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Illinois, serving from 1977 to 1981 alongside Governor of Illinois James R. Thompson. For six years he served as Saint Clair County Sheriff. He was the first Republican to hold that office in twenty years.

In 1980, O’Neal sought the Republican nomination for the United States Senate winning the nomination to go on to the general election. His Democratic opponent was Illinois Secretary of State Alan J. Dixon. He lost the election to Dixon. O’Neal resigned as Lieutenant Governor in 1981.

O'Neal died on July 10, 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 84.

Kim Song-i

Kim Song-i (born 10 August 1994 in Pyongyang) is a table tennis player from North Korea. She won with the team at the World Championships 2016 as well as the Olympics 2016 in the singles the bronzemedal. She is a defender, with long pips at the backhand.
At the age of 16 she was see on the international events, at the Youth Olympics she reached the Quarterfinals and with the team the 4th place and climbs in the world ranking to place 121. At the China Open 2013 Kim took part in the U21-class, there she came to the semifinals. This was er first medal on the World Tour. At the Asian Games 2014 Kim took bronze with the Korean Team. 2015 she took part in the Asian Championships, the China- and the Pyongyang Open, where she beat amongst other things the top player Mima Ito. 2016 Kim became the third place with the team at the Team-Worldchampionships 2016 in Malaysia and was nominated for the Olympics, there she as recently as lost in the semifinals against Ding Ning. In this month she came on place 26 in the world rankings. At the Pyongyang Open in the same year, she came to the final, where she beat the defensiv- player Ri Myong-sun, too. In the doubles she took gold, too. At the World Championships 2017, she reached the Round of 16, where she lost to Liu Shiwen. 2018 she took bronze with the team at the World Team Cup. In the semifinals they lost to China.

Tughlaqabad Fort

Tughlaqabad Fort is a ruined (collapsed or broken) fort in Delhi. It was built by Ghiyath al-Din Tughluq in 1321. He was the founder of Tughlaq dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate of India. Ghiyasuddin built the third historic city of Delhi, the Tughlaqabad. This fort was built in Tughlaqabad. This city was later abandoned (left) in 1327.

In 1321, Ghazi Malik drove away the Khalji ruler Khusrau Khan and became the ruler. He assumed (got) the title of Ghias-ud-din Tughlaq. He started the Tughlaq dynasty.He immediately started the construction of his Tughlaqabad city. 
Ghiyasuddin is a liberal (free and soft) ruler. However he eager (passionate) about his city of Tughlaqabad. He wanted all his labourers in Delhi to work on his fort. Saint Nizamuddin Auliya, a Sufi saint got angry with the king's decision. This was because his well was under construction. The fight between the saint and the king became huge. The saint gave a curse for the fort. It was translated as "it won't be inhabited (occupied), if occupied, it will be by the gujjars (cattle shepherding group)". After the fall of the Delhi sultanate, Gujjars of the area captured the Fort. Till at present, Tughlaqabad is in it.

Another of the saint's curses was Hunuz Dilli dur ast (Delhi is still far away). Emperor Ghiyasuddin Tughlaq succeeded in his Bengal attack. On his way to Delhi, he was crushed to death by the collapse of a tent. The tent was prepared by his son Muhammad bin Tughlaq.

Shihabuddin Omar

Shibab-ud-din Omar Khan Khalji (1310?–1316) was the third Sultan of the Khilji dynasty. He is the 13th sultan of the Delhi Sultanate.He was made the sultan at his younger age as a child. He became sultan with the help of Malik Kafur after the death of Alauddin Khilji. After the assassination of Kafur, his brother Qutb-ud-din Mubarak became Sultan.

Alauddin Khilji was the second ruler of the Khilji dynasty. He died on 3 January 1316.Malik Kafur, the commander-in-chief of the army, placed the young Shihabudin Omer as the sultan. He made himself as the guardian (regent). Kafur executed all the other princes, who can be made as the sultan. Prince Mubarak Shah somehow cleverly escaped. In 35 days of Alaudin's death, Malik Kafur was killed by his (Alaudin Khilji's) bodyguards. In April 1316 Prince Mubarrak became the Sultan, leaving Shihabuddin Omer Khan.

Pedestrian crossing

An pedestrian crossing (or crosswalk) is a painted road surface where pedestrians may cross a road. They are part of a safety system which allows people to cross roads when it is safe to do so. In town and cities, traffic and pedestrians are both users of roads. There must be rules which keep pedestrians safe, but allow traffic to flow as smoothly as possible.

Pedestrian crossings may be controlled with traffic lights, or other devices. Laws relating to pedestrian crossings vary according to the country. Sound signal are included in some countries.

Marked pedestrian crossings are often found at intersections. but may be at other points on busy roads. They are also installed where large numbers of pedestrians are attempting to cross (such as in shopping areas) or where vulnerable road users (such as school children) regularly cross. Rules govern usage of the pedestrian crossings to ensure safety. For example, in some areas, the pedestrian must be more than halfway across the crosswalk before the driver may proceed.

Myocyte

A myocyte (also known as a muscle cell) is the type of cell found in muscle tissue.

Myocytes are long, tubular cells. They develop from myoblasts to form muscles in a process called myogenesis.

There are various specialized forms of myocytes: cardiac, skeletal, and smooth muscle cells. They have different structures. The striated or striped cells of cardiac and skeletal muscles are called muscle fibers.

Cardiomyocytes are the muscle fibres which form the chambers of the heart. They have a single central nucleus. Skeletal muscle fibers help support and move the body. They usually have peripheral nuclei.

Smooth muscle cells control involuntary movements such as the peristalsis contractions in the oesophagus and stomach.

Sadegh Hedayat

Sadegh Hedayat (February 17, 1903, in Tehran – April 9, 1951, in Paris) was an Iranian writer and translator. He was a pioneer in modern Iranian story-writing. The story of The Blind Owl is the most famous book of him.


Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 is a 2011 fantasy movie directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the second of two cinematic parts based on J. K. Rowling's 2007 novel of the same name. The movie, which is the eighth and final installment in the "Harry Potter" series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman, David Barron, and Rowling. The story continues to follow Harry Potter's quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes in order to stop him once and for all.

Harry, Ron and Hermione seek help from a goblin named Griphook, who helps them sneak into a magical bank. The trio break into Bellatrix Lestrange's bank vault and steal a cup which is a Horcrux (an object that Lord Voldemort has put part of his soul inside). They also soon figure out that another Horcrux, a diadem, is located in Hogwarts.

The trio return to Hogwarts, where Severus Snape (who is a follower of Voldemort) is headmaster. Harry reveals to all the students that Snape killed Dumbledore. Snape tries to attack Harry but Professor McGonagall defends him and forces Snape to run away. McGonagall, the other teachers and the Order of the Phoenix members prepare to defend the school from Voldemort and his followers, who have come to stop Harry from getting the diadem.

Ron and Hermione destroy the Horcrux cup that they stole earlier. With the help of Luna Lovegood and a ghost, Harry is able to find the diadem Horcrux. After a fight with Draco Malfoy and his two henchmen, the diadem is destroyed in a fire. Harry then realises that Voldemort's final Horcrux is his pet snake, Nagini. As Voldemort's forces attack Hogwarts, the trio overhear Voldemort attack Snape, as he believes killing Snape will make him the Master of the Elder Wand (which belonged to Dumbledore, who was killed by Snape). As Snape dies, Harry takes his memories.

Harry looks into Snape's memories and discovers that Snape was in love with Harry's mother and joined Dumbledore so that he could try to save her from Voldemort when he went to kill the Potter family when Harry was just a baby. It is also revealed that Snape was a spy and he and Dumbledore plotted for Snape to kill him. At the end of the memories, it is revealed that Harry is an "accidental Horcrux", meaning that a part of Voldemort lives inside him and that he must die.

Harry travels into a forest, where he willingly lets Voldemort kill him. The part of Voldemort that lives inside Harry is destroyed and Harry himself survives the curse. Voldemort and his followers, believing Harry is dead, present Harry's body to all the students of Hogwarts. However, Neville Longbottom, one of Harry's friends, steps forward and kills Nagini with the Sword of Gryffindor, destroying Voldemort's final Horcrux. Harry reveals that he is alive and many of Voldemort's followers run away, including the Malfoy family. Voldemort's remaining followers attack the school students, staff and parents. Ron's mother, Molly, manages to kill Bellatrix.

Voldemort tries to use the Elder Wand to kill Harry. However, Harry explains that the wand never belonged to Snape because it was Draco who took it from Dumbledore. Harry then reveals that when he defeated Draco in a fight a few days prior, meaning that Harry is the master of the Elder Wand. Voldemort does not believe him and attempts to kill Harry. However, the spell rebounds and Voldemort turns to dust. Harry goes back inside the school and sees everyone recovering from the battle.


Ri Myong-sun

Ri Myong-sun (korean 꺄 ㅡ캐ㅜㅎ/녀ㅜ; born 26 January 1992 in Pyongyang) is a table tennis player from North Korea. She used as racket the Joo Se-hyuk racket and on the forehand the Tenergy 05, on the backhand she used long pips as the Butterfly Feint Soft.
First in the adult area she played in 2011, where Ri took part in the Asian Championships and reached the round of 16. One year later Ri took part in the Olympics for the first time, where she reached the Quarterfinals with the team. In the singles she played first in the second round, because to this time she was number 20 in the world- she lost in her first match. 2013 she reached at her first World Championships the Quarterfinals, her best result to today (2017). 2014 she played the World Championships with the team too, but the North Korean team doesn't won a medal. At the Asian Games she won bronze with the team, while in the singles she reached the round of 16. At the Asian Cup, where Ri played, she missed the 3rd place, so she became fourth place.

2015 she played various events at the World Tour. At the World Team Cup she reached silver with the team, at the World Championships she lost early in the singles and doubles. At the Asian Championships she doesn't won a medal, too, but became doubles champion at the Pyongyang Open- in the singles she won bronze. 2016 she took part in the Olympics for the second time, but Ri won in both categorys, where she played (Singles and Team) no medal. With the team, she lost as 2012 in the Quarterfinals. However she for the first time in her career the silvermedal in the Pyongyang Open.

After that, she doesn't played very often in events.

Ilfis

The Ilfis (in the local dialect: []) is a Swiss river in the cantons of Berne and Lucerne. It runs through the Entlebuch and upper Emmental regions before joining the Emme river.

Miele

Miele is a German manufacturer of domestic appliances, commercial equipment and fitted kitchens. Its headquarter is in Gütersloh, Germany. The company was founded in 1899 by Carl Miele and , and has always been a family owned and run company.

Miele is notable. It exports to 47 countries, and especially to the USA, where its corporate headquarters is in Princeton N.J. The company has won awards. Miele was recognized as Best Company and also achieved a top-five place in the category Best Product Brand. Miele was honoured as Best Domestic Appliance Brand in the UK by Which? in 2007 and again in 2008, being only one of two brands to win twice in a row. They won again in 2010.

It competes against brands such as Küppersbusch, Gaggenau, Fagor, Viking Range, Dacor, Asko, Jenn-Air, and Thermador.

Miele's slogan in German is "immer besser" which literally translates to "always/continuously better".


Michael Martin, Baron Martin of Springburn

Michael John Martin, Baron Martin of Springburn, (3 July 1945 – 29 April 2018) was a British Labour politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Springburn from 1979 to 2005, and then for Glasgow North East until 2009. He was an MP until his election as Speaker of the House of Commons in 2000, and was Speaker for nine years until his resignation in 2009. He also stood down from the House of Commons on the following day.

Martin died in the morning of the 29 April 2018 of a short-illness at the age of 72.


Lester James Peries

Sri Lankabhimanya Lester James Peries (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකාභිමාන්‍ය ලෙස්ටර් ජේම්ස් පීරිස්) (5 April 1919 – 29 April 2018) was a Sri Lankan movie director, screenwriter, and movie producer. He was known for his works "Rekava", "Gamperaliya", "Nidhanaya", "Golu Hadawatha", "Kaliyugaya", "Awaragira" and "Yuganthaya". 

His movie "Wekande Walauwa" was Sri Lanka's first ever submission for the Academy Awards.


Sumitra Peries

"Kala Keerthi" Sumitra Peries (24 March 1934 – 19 January 2023) is a Sri Lankan movie director and diplomat. She is known as the "Poetess of Sinhala Cinema". She also held the post of Sri Lanka's ambassador to France, Spain and the United Nations in the late 1990s. Her best known works are "Gehenu Lamai", "Ganga Addara" and "Yahaluvo". She was married to director Dr. Lester James Peries.


Ri Sol-ju

Ri Sol-ju (Korean: 리설주; born; 28 September 1989) is a former North Korean singer and cheerleader and the current first lady of North Korea as the wife of North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un.

Not much information is known about her origins; some analysts have said her name is almost certainly a pseudonym. Reportedly she was born in 28 September 1989. Her family is reportedly of the political elite; her mother is said to be the head of a gynecology ward and her father is a professor. 

She is also said to be related to Ri Pyong-chol, a former anti-air force general of the Korean People's Army and a close advisor to Kim Jong-un. It is said that North Korean officials are trying to erase her past as a singer by removing popular bootleg CDs of her performances. Ri is reportedly a graduate student from Kim Il-sung University, pursing a PhD in science. 

Ri reportedly visited South Korea in 2005, as a member of a North Korean cheerleading team during the Asian Athletic Championships.

Kim Jong-il had quickly arranged and ordered Ri Sol-ju to get married to his son, Kim Jong-un after suffering a stroke in 2008. They both got married in 2009, although the marriage date is unknown. 

She possibly gave birth to a boy in 2010. In December 2012, it was said that Ri was visibly pregnant, although North Korean officials did not confirm anything.

In 2013, American basketball player, Dennis Rodman had visited North Korea to meet Kim and told The Guardian in September 2013 that she had gave birth to a girl named “Kim Ju-ae”. South Korean intelligence officials claim she had gave birth to a third child in 2017 although the gender remains unknown.

In July 2012, North Korean officials had said that she was Kim's wife, “Comrade Ri Sol-ju” after people thought she was not Kim's wife. From 2012 through 2014, she appeared in the North Korean media, with her husband to events. She had spent much time out the public eye for three years.

In 2018, Ri took on a diplomatic role and in March 2018 , she had visited China with her husband meeting Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan. Ri was said to have made back to back summits and meetings with her husband to China five times, and in April 2018, ahead of the 2018 inter-Korean summit. 

She had also met the first lady of South Korea, Kim Jung-sook for the first time. The two first ladies were seen being very close and it said they became friends.

South China Morning Post briefly stated that Ri's fashion became an instant hit after she accompanied her husband to a surprise visit to China in March 2018. 

During the visitation summit to China, it was said she wore a camel cropped jacket with a matching midi skirt and court shoes with a necklace, ear studs, and a shiny pink and gold butterfly-shaped brooch. 

Ri also wore a white jacket and an apple green dress with a brown flower-shaped ribbon brooch and a nude leather clutch and at a lunch with Xi and Peng at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse, where her and husband stayed, she changed into an ivory two-piece dress with floral decorations on the collar and soft frilled sleeves. 

Faure Gnassingbé

Faure Essozimna Gnassingbé Eyadéma (; born 6 June 1966) is a Togolese politician. He has been the President of Togo since 2005. Before his election, he was appointed by his father, President Gnassingbé Eyadéma, as a Minister from 2003 to 2005.

In the April 2015 presidential election, Gnassingbé won a third term, defeating his main challenger, Jean-Pierre Fabre, by a margin of about 59% to 35%, according to official results. Many Togolese are tired of the Gnassingbés ruling Togo and have been protesting against his government. They say that France, which used to run Togo as part of its empire, put the family in power.

In October 2021, Faure Gnassingbé received the “HeForShe” distinction from UN Women on Friday for his policy of promoting women, and gender equity and equality, announced the government portal République Togolaise. HeForShe (Lui pour Elle) is a global solidarity movement led by UN Women for greater equality and gender equity. Friday received the 'HeForShe' distinction from UN Women, for its policy of promoting woman, and gender equity and equality, announces the government portal Togolese Republic. HeForShe (Him for Her) is a global solidarity movement led by UN Women for greater equality and gender equity.


Taro Kono

On 3 September 2021, Kono announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic Party leadership in the 2021 election. He lost the election to former Foreign Affairs Minister Fumio Kishida on 29 September.

Heiko Maas

Heiko Josef Maas (born 19 September 1966) is a German politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of Angela Merkel, and took office on 14 March 2018. 

He served as Federal Minister of Justice and Consumer Protection from 17 December 2013 to 14 March 2018. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party.


Ingemar Hedberg

Ingemar Harald Robert Hedberg (8 March 1920 – 19 May 2019) was a Swedish sprint canoeist. He competed in the early 1950s. He won the silver medal in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. Hedberg also won three gold medals at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Copenhagen.


Mozambican Civil War

The Mozambican Civil War was a civil war fought in Mozambique from 1977 to 1992. Like many regional African wars during the late twentieth century, the Mozambican Civil War was affected by the Cold War politics. The war was fought between Mozambique's ruling Front for the Liberation of Mozambique (FRELIMO) and insurgent forces of the Mozambican National Resistance (RENAMO). 

he Mozambican Civil War destroyed much of Mozambique's rural infrastructure, including hospitals, rail lines, roads, and schools. FRELIMO's security forces and RENAMO insurgents were accused of committing numerous human rights abuses, including using child soldiers and salting a significant percentage of the countryside indiscriminately with land mines.

Sovereign (British coin)

The sovereign is a gold coin of the United Kingdom, with a nominal value of one pound sterling. 

It has been struck from 1817 until the present day. it was originally a circulating coin accepted in Britain and elsewhere in the world. Now it is a bullion coin and is sometimes mounted in jewellery. 

A bullion coin is a coin struck from precious metal and kept as a store of value or an investment, rather than used in day-to-day commerce. The United Kingdom defines investment coins as "coins that have been minted after 1800, have a purity of not less than 900 thousandths and are, or have been, legal tender in their country of origin".

In most recent years, it has the well-known design of Saint George and the Dragon on the reverse—the initials () of the designer, Benedetto Pistrucci, is to the right of the date.

The British government promoted the use of the sovereign as an aid to international trade. The Royal Mint took lightweight gold coins out of circulation. From the 1850s until 1932, the sovereign was also struck at colonial mints, initially in Australia, and later in Canada, South Africa and India. They have been struck again in India since 2013 for the local market. The sovereigns issued in Australia initially carried a unique local design, but by 1887, all new sovereigns bore Pistrucci's George and Dragon design. Strikings there were so large that by 1900, about 40 per cent of the sovereigns in Britain had been minted in Australia.

With the start of the First World War in 1914, the sovereign vanished from circulation in Britain, replaced by paper money, and it did not return after the war, though issues at colonial mints continued until 1932. The coin was still used in the Middle East, and demand rose in the 1950s, which the Royal Mint eventually responded to by striking new sovereigns in 1957. It has been struck since then both as a bullion coin and, beginning in 1979, for collectors. Though the sovereign is no longer in circulation, it is still legal tender in the United Kingdom.

La rosa de Guadalupe

La Rosa de Guadalupe (English language: Guadalupe's Rose or The Rose of Guadalupe) is a Mexican anthology supernatural drama television series. It was created by Carlos Mercado Orduña and produced by Miguel Ángel Herros for Televisa. This series connects to the Catholic religion, specifically to the Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe. It premiered on February 5, 2008. As of 2017, the actress Helena Rojo is the presenter of each episode.

Starting in May 2017, "La rosa de Guadalupe" began broadcasting episodes with more crude stories. These stories touch more explicit topics such as rape, incest, sexual harassment, murder, drug addiction, etc.

On July 22, 2017, the 1000th episode "The bastard sister" was aired.

Álvaro Noboa

Álvaro Fernando Noboa Pontón (born November 21, 1950) is an Ecuadorian businessman and politician. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador.

Noboa has been actively involved in politics, unsuccessfully running for the office of President of Ecuador in 1998, 2002, 2006, 2009 and 2013. In 2007, however, he was elected national assemblyman. In 2013 Noboa ran for office for the fifth time unsuccessfully.

In 1997, already owning 24% of Bonita Bananas, Noboa purchased another 25% of the shares, the holding company for the family business. Presently, he runs the Noboa Group of Companies and Noboa Corporation, with more than 110 companies in Ecuador.

His son, Daniel Noboa Azin, is the President-elect of Ecuador.


Napoleon Chagnon

Napoleon Alphonseau Chagnon ( ; August 27, 1938 – September 21, 2019) was an American anthropologist, professor of anthropology at the University of Missouri in Columbia. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences. Chagnon was known for his long-term ethnographic field work among the Yanomamö.

Chagnon died at the age of 81 on September 21, 2019 in Traverse City, Michigan.


Pornhub

Pornhub is a pornographic video sharing website and the largest pornography site on the Internet. Pornhub was launched in Montreal in 2007. Pornhub also has offices and servers in San Francisco, Houston, New Orleans and London.

The website allows visitors to watch pornographic videos from a number of categories, including professional and amateur pornography. Users can take advantage of several features, including sharing videos on social media websites and liking or disliking them. Users may also optionally register a free Pornhub account, which additionally allows them to post comments, download videos and add videos to their favourites, as well as upload videos themselves.

Since 2012, Pornhub has hosted several events and campaigns to raise awareness of certain issues or raise money, as well as to help promote its brand. In March 2010, Pornhub was bought by Manwin (now known as MindGeek), which also owns other pornographic websites.

The website was blocked by the Great Firewall in China from September 2013.

On March 12, 2014, Pornhub was blocked in Russia because one actress looked too young, leading some viewers to think she was a minor.

On January 2017, Pornhub was blocked in the Philippines. Pornhub and similar pornography websites were blocked in order to comply with (follow) the Anti-Child Pornography Law.

Pornhub was blocked in September 2016 in Russia due to "spreading harmful information to children". On April 2017, it was unbanned, but it now asks users to specify their age. Now, Russian users must provide their cellphone numbers or passports to access Pornhub.

In October 2018, the Uttarakhand High Court re-banned Pornhub in India, enforced by blocks from internet providers of India. In order to get around the ban, Pornhub created a mirror website at Pornhub.net.

Angélica María

Angélica María (born Angélica María Hartman Ortiz on September 27, 1944) is an American-born Mexican actress and a Latin Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter. She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. She is the mother of singer Angélica Vale.

Between June 2013 and 2014, Angelica formed part of the jury of the Spanish-language version of The X Factor, which was broadcast starting that summer on MundoFox in the United States. 


Angélica Vale

Angélica Vale (born Angélica María Vale Hartman; November 11, 1975) is a Mexican-American actress, singer, and comedian. She is known also as the daughter of Angélica María.

She is known for her role as the protagonist of "La Fea Más Bella" ("The Prettiest Ugly Girl"), a Mexican telenovela, with her real-life mother. She starred in the webnovela "No me hallo" as Luchita Guerra.

Early in 2012, Vale was a team captain on the Mexican TV Show "Parodiando", of Televisa network. Vale became a U.S. citizen in 2016, while retaining her Mexican citizenship.


Marco Antonio Solís

Marco Antonio Solís Sosa (born December 29, 1959) is a Mexican singer, musician, composer, actor, and record producer.

Solís has been awarded five Latin Grammy Awards, two Lo Nuestro Awards, has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and has been inducted into the Billboard Latin Music Hall of Fame.


Benny Fredriksson

Benny Holger Fredriksson (2 July 1959 – 17 March 2018) was a Swedish actor and theatre director. He was born in Hägersten, Sweden. He served as CEO of Kulturhuset Stadsteatern in Stockholm from 2002 to 2017.

After sixteen years as CEO, Fredriksson resigned in December 2017 and took his own life three months later, after receiving harsh criticism in the wake of Me Too movement for his alleged tough leadership style and sexual abuse allegations. However, after his death, it was revealed some allegations towards him were false.

Fredriksson committed suicide on 17 March 2018, while on vacation in Sydney, Australia at the age of 58.

Corticosteroid

Corticosteroids are a class of steroid hormones made in the adrenal cortex of vertebrates. The term is also used for the synthetic analogues of these hormones. 

The two main classes of corticosteroids are glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids. They do a wide range of physiological processes: 


V. V. Giri

Varahagiri Venkata Giri commonly known as V. V. Giri, was the fourth President of India. He was also the 3rd Vice President of India. He was the President from 24 August 1969 to 24 August 1974. As President, Giri was the only person to be elected as an independent candidate. He was succeeded by Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed as President in 1974. After the end of his full term, Giri was honoured by the Government of India with the Bharat Ratna in 1975. Giri died on 24 June 1980.

Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed

Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed (13 May 1905 – 11 February 1977) was the fifth President of India from 1974 to 1977 and also the 2nd President of India to die in office.

Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed was born on 13 May 1905 at the Hauz Qazi area of Old Delhi, India.He met Jawaharlal Nehru in England in 1925. He joined the Indian National Congress. He actively participated in the Indian freedom movement. In 1942 he was arrested in the Quit India movement. He was send to prison for 3 1/2 years' as punishment by the British rule. He was a member of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee from 1936 . He was the member of All India Congress Committee from 1947 to 1974.

Fakhruddin was chosen for the President election by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1974. In 20 August 1974, he was elected as the President of India.He became the second Muslim to be elected as the President. He was the second Indian president to die in office. He died on 11 February 1977 due to heart attack, at the age of 72.



Edappadi K. Palaniswami

Edappadi K. Palaniswami is an Indian politician. He is the Former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. From 2023, Palaniswami is the general secretary of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, a Dravidian party.

Edappadi K. Palaniswamy was born on 12th May 1954. He was born in Siluvampalayam village in Salem district. His father's name is Mr.Karuppa Gounder . His Mother's name is Thavasi Ammal. 
Palaniswami has won the state assembly elections four times from the Edapadi constituency. He won the elections in the years of 1989, 1991, 2011 and 2016.

M. K. Alagiri

Muthuvel Karunanidhi Alagiri commonly known as M. K. Alagiri, is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu. He was the former Cabinet Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers from 13 June 2009 – 20 March 2013.

Alagiri was born on 30 January 1951. He was the second son of former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Karunanidhi. He was born to M. Karunanidhi and his second wife Dayalu Ammal. Azhagiri after his marriage on 10 December 1972, settled in Madurai. His wife is Kanthi Azhagiri.

M. Karunanidhi always wanted his son M. K. Stalin to be his successor as the leader of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party. Alagiri didn't hold any post in DMK party. But he had the command in Madurai region. Alagiri was the important person who made DMK win in 2008 by-elections. After these victories, he was appointed as the organizing secretary of DMK in southern Tamil Nadu districts. Following this Alagiri was given the ticket for Madurai Lok Sabha Constituency in 2009 general election. He won it and became a Cabinet Minister.

There were lots of publicly held fights between the supporters of Stalin and Alagiri. This reached its peak when the Dinakaran daily's office were bombed by Alagiri supporters.Dinakaran is a part of the Sun TV group owned by Kalanidhi Maran (son of Murasoli Maran), the grand-nephew of Karunanidhi. This was because the daily published the result of a opinion polls. The poll was about people's wish of who will become the next leader of DMK. The results said that 70% of the people support Stalin while only 2% support Alagiri. In this attack case, 3 were dead .

He was removed from the DMK party as member and as Secretary of South Zone on 24 January 2014.

Dinakaran

Dinakaran is a Tamil daily newspaper distributed in India. It was founded by K. P. Kandasamy in 1977. It is currently owned by the Sun Network group. Dinakaran is the second largest distributed Tamil daily in India after "Dina Thanthi".It is printed in 12 cities across India. These cities are Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai, Mumbai, New Delhi, Nagercoil, Pondicherry, Salem, Tiruchirappalli, Tirunelveli and Vellore.
Dinakaran published the result of a opinion polls. The poll was about people's wish of who will become the next leader of DMK. The results said that 70% of the people support Stalin while only 2% support Alagiri. Dinakaran daily's office were bombed by Alagiri supporters. In this attack case, 3 were dead . This led to the resignation of Central Minister Dayanidhi Maran, brother of Kalanidhi Maran from the Union Cabinet.

Dina Thanthi

Dina Thanthi (known as Daily Thanthi in English) is a Tamil daily newspaper. It was founded by S. P. Adithanar in Madurai in 1942. Dina Thanthi is the first largest distributed Tamil daily newspaper in India. It is also the ninth largest daily newspaper in India by distribution.It is printed in 16 cities across India. These are:Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai, Pondicherry, Coimbatore, Cuddalore, Dindigul, Erode, Madurai, Nagercoil, Salem, Thanjavur, Tiruchirappalli, Tirunelveli, Tirupur and Vellore. It also prints an international edition in Dubai, United Arab Emirates for the Middle East market.


Chinese mystery snail

The Chinese mystery snail ("Bellamya chinensis") is a is a large freshwater snail. It is known for its scarce shell and edible antenna, it is very unusual. It also eats dung and was discovered in 1324 A.D. It can grow up to 5.1 cm long. 

Younian dialect

Younian language or Younian dialect ( "yōunian") is a kind of Pinghua dialects. It is used in some villages of Red Yao in Longsheng County, Guilin, and Guangxi. There were more than 10,000 native speakers in 1997.

Brad Williamson (ice hockey)

Brad Williamson (born July 4, 1977) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.

Loretta Sanchez

Loretta Sanchez (born January 7, 1960) is an American politician. She is from California. Sanchez served in the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2017.

Loretta Sanchez was born in California. Her parents were immigrants from Mexico. She grew up in Anaheim, California. In Anaheim, she went to a public school. She was a very good student. As a child, people were mean to Sanchez because she was Hispanic. This made Sanchez very sad. Later, she went to college at Chapman University in Orange County, California.

She and her husband were part of the Republican Party. Sanchez did not like how immigrants, women, and people who are gay were being treated. She left the Republican Party and joined the Democratic Party. Her sister, Linda Sanchez is also a U.S. Representative from California.

Sanchez helped schools that needed money and helped fight for human rights. She was elected twice to be in the U.S. Congress. She helped many people who were poor and disrespected to be treated equally.  

She competed with Bob Dornan for a spot in the U.S. House of Representatives. She disagreed with him about the rights of gay people and rights of gun owners. Sanchez beat him by fewer than 1,000 votes. Dornan said that she cheated. She won the election because people wanted her to be an American representative in the U.S. Congress. Sanchez spoke only about simple problems when she was running for a spot in the U.S. House of Representatives. For example, she talked about education and jobs. She did not talk about more complex problems such as immigration.

Sanchez ran for the United States Senate in 2016. Sanchez lost in the November election to California Attorney General Kamala Harris.


Ignazio Cassis

Ignazio Cassis (born 13 April 1961) is a Swiss physician and politician. He was the President of the Swiss Confederation from 2022 to 2023. He is a member of the FDP.The Liberals and was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 20 September 2017. He has served since 1 November 2017 as head of the Department of Foreign Affairs. He was born in Sessa, Switzerland.

Cassis took office on 1 November 2017 as head of the Department of Foreign Affairs, succeeding Didier Burkhalter.


Computer-aided design

Computer-aided design (CAD) is the use of computer software to help create, change, analyse or optimize designs. It is meant to help the designer create better quality, more precise, and neater designs. It also helps improve communication of the design by creating documentation for it as well as a database for manufacturing. CAD is used in many places such as architecture and product design.

Designing using CAD can take longer than the traditional way of drawing on paper and costs more because of the software. Also, people often need to be trained to understand CAD.




Kitzbühel

Kitzbühel is a small medieval town in Tyrol, Austria. It is the administrative center of the Kitzbühel district ("Bezirk"). As of 2018, 8,272 people live there.

It is in the Kitzbühel Alps along the river Kitzbüheler Ache and about 100 km (62 mi) east of the state capital Innsbruck.

Kitzbühel is a ski resort of international renown and its ski season lasts from mid October to early May. During winter and early spring it is frequented primarily by upper-class clientele from Austria and from abroad.


Dii Consentes

The Dii Consentes (Latin: "[the] council of the divine") was the principal group of deities within Ancient Roman religion, equivalent to the Twelve Olympians. As listed by the poet Ennius in the late 3rd Century BC, they consisted of: 


Candy Lightner

Candace Lynne "Candy" Lightner (born May 30, 1946) is the founding president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD).

On May 3, 1980, Lightner’s 13-year-old daughter, Cari, was killed by a hit-and-run drunk driver at Sunset and New York Avenues in Fair Oaks, California. The sentence given to the repeat offender of driving while intoxicated (DWI) outraged Lightner who then organized Mothers Against Drunk Drivers.

She served as president of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee from October 1994 to March 1995.

Michiko Nishiura Weglyn

Michiko Nishiura Weglyn (November 29, 1926 – April 25, 1999) was a Japanese-American activist and clothing designer, whose goal was to raise awareness about concentration camps during World War II. After United States Attorney General Ramsey Clark lied and said that the concentration camps did not exist in the US, Weglyn made it her goal to tell people the truth about the concentration camps.

Weglyn was born on November 29, 1926, on her family’s farm in Stockton, California. She was one of two sisters and had a loving mother and father, Tomojiro and Misao Weglyn. Before going to school in the mornings, Weglyn fed the chickens and the horses to prove to her father she was just as useful as a boy. In 1926, boys were often considered more important than girls.

Weglyn was put in a concentration camp, in Gila River, Arizona. This camp was for Japanese Americans during World War II. Many Americans believed that Japanese people were helping Japan, perhaps planning another attack after Pearl Harbor. Later in her life, Weglyn heard the attorney general, Ramsey Clark, deny that America ever had concentration camps. He said that the concentration camps that had affected Weglyn's life never happened. Of course, this was a lie, and Weglyn was telling the truth about her past experiences. Weglyn later decided to write a book called, "Years of Infamy: The Untold Story of America’s Concentration Camps", to share the horror and torture that she experienced. She wrote to raise awareness. This is why she is considered an activist, who helped inspire others to share their stories.

Weglyn was one of the first Japanese-American female designer known internationally. Throughout her career she made beautiful pieces of clothing to fit actors/actresses needs. She was known as a designer who could hide the actors/actresses flaws. 

Sandra Cisneros

Sandra Cisneros (December 20, 1954-2018 ) is an author from Chicago, Illinois. She is famous for her book "The House on Mango Street." It has sold six million copies and been translated into over 20 languages. Middle and high schoolers read her books in school for education uses. The House on Mango Street is a series of vignettes. A vignette is a series of stories or a brief description of something. The girl in the novel goes through childhood to adulthood changes. Sandra studied at Loyola University of Chicago and the University of Iowa. Her books are about issues between other races, classes, and genders.

Sandra is the second child of Alfredo Cisneros de Moral and Elvira Cordero Anguiano. They had seven children together, one girl and the rest were boys. There was one daughter but she died as a baby after giving birth. Sandra's father wants his family of boys. During her childhood, there was sexism so her father which is pushing her over the limits. Since her father Alfredo Cisneros de Moral moved the family between Mexico City and Chicago, Sandra was shy during her childhood. She doesn't make close friends for pretty long. Her mother, Elvira Cordero Anguiano, was a strong female who wanted Sandra to achieve her goal.



Gertrude Caroline Ederle

Gertrude Caroline Ederle (October 23, 1905 – November 30, 2003) was the first woman to swim the English Channel.

Ederle’s birthdate was October 23, 1905. Her family came from Germany to New York. Her mother taught her to swim. Ederle decided she wanted to be a swimmer. 

Ederle had the world's quickest time for women in swimming. She swam across the English Channel, which is 21 miles long. She swam in a record time of 14 hours and 39 minutes. It was a world record for 35 years. She was the 6th person to swim across the English Channel and the first woman to do so.

Ederle was a swimmer in the Olympics. She won one gold medal and two bronze medals in the 1924 summer Olympics.

Ederle believed that women could be talented swimmers. She helped the Women’s Swimming Association. She was also famous for her bravery by being the first woman to swim the English Channel.

Sarah Winnemucca Hopkins

Sarah Winnemucca (born 1844) was a protester for Native American rights during the 1800s. Winnemucca was part of the Paiute group in Nevada. Winnemucca wrote an autobiography, "Life Among the Paiutes: their Wrongs and their Claims". Her autobiography is about her fight to stop the government from treating the Native Americans unfairly. Winnemucca opened two schools for Indian children.

Winnemucca was born in 1844 near Humboldt Sink, Nevada. She was the fourth child in her family. Her father was named Chief Winnemucca and her mother was named Tuboitonie. At birth, she was named Thocmetony. This word means shell flower. Then she changed her name to Sarah. During her life, her group was kept on a reservation.

The most education she had was three weeks at a Californian Catholic School.

Winnemucca first talked about how the American government took over the Native American land. She became famous by speaking about the government’s unfair treatment of the Native American people. Winnemucca also met with Rutherford B. Hayes, an American President. She talked in many cities about how the Paiutes were being treated badly. She wrote an autobiography that was the first autobiography written by a Native American woman. Overall, Winnemucca is known for her support of peace between the American government and the Native Americans. She died on October 16th, 1891.

Emmabuntüs

Emmabuntüs is a Linux distribution derived from Ubuntu/Debian and designed to facilitate the repacking of computers donated to humanitarian organizations like the Emmaüs Communities.

The name Emmabuntüs is a portmanteau of Emmaüs and Ubuntu.

Emmabuntüs can be installed, in its entirety, without an Internet connection as all of the required packages are included within the disk image. The disk image includes packages for multiple languages and also optional non-free codecs that the user can choose whether to install or not.

Emmabuntüs was developed to function correctly on 10 years old computers, which were previously running Windows XP or more up-to-date Windows versions, and equipped with a minimum of 1 Gigabyte of RAM for the 32 bits versions. This allows associations like YovoTogo & JUMP Lab'Orione to recycle computers in order to equip high schools in Togo, or the Emmabuntüs collective to equip kindergarten and elementary schools in the Paris area.

The desktop environment are Xfce and LXQt with Cairo-Dock. 

Multiple applications are installed that perform the same task in order to provide a choice for each user that uses the system.
Emmanuntüs also includes educational software like Gcompris, TuxPaint, TuxMath, TuxType, Scratch, etc. It also contains Kiwix, an off-line Wikipedia reader allowing Emmabuntüs to become an self-contained (without Internet access) Free Culture Server, including Wikis like Vikidia, or books in the ePub format.



Agildo Ribeiro

Agildo Ribiero (April 24, 1932 – April 28, 2018) was a Brazilian actor. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He was known for his role in the 1959 movie "Three Loves in Rio".

Ribeiro died in Rio de Janeiro on April 28, 2018 of heart failure at the age of 86.

Derek Keys

Derek Lyle Keys (30 August 1931 – 29 April 2018) was a South African politician. He served as Minister of Finance from 1992 to September 1994, in the cabinets of F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela.

Keys died on 29 April 2018 at the age of 86.

Deaths in May 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in May 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Pik Botha

Roelof Frederik "Pik" Botha, DMS (27 April 1932 – 12 October 2018) was a South African politician. He served as the country's foreign minister in the last years of the apartheid era.

Botha was nicknamed 'Pik' (short for "pikkewyn", Afrikaans for 'penguin') because of a perceived likeness to a penguin in his stance, accentuated when he wore a suit.

In 2000, Botha declared his support for Presidents Nelson Mandela and Thabo Mbeki.

Botha died on 12 October 2018 at his home in Pretoria at the age of 86.


Rose Laurens

Rose Laurens, previously billed as Rose Merryl (born Rose Podwojny; 4 March 1953 – 30 April 2018), was a French pop singer-songwriter. She was known for her songs "Africa" and the French concept album of "Les Misérables", a song later adapted into English as "I Dreamed a Dream".

Laurens died on 30 April 2018 of a long-illness at the age of 65.


Santa Clarita Diet

Santa Clarita Diet is an American horror-comedy web television series created by Victor Fresco. It was created for the streaming service Netflix. It stars Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant. The series premiered on February 3, 2017 with the first season. It has received generally positive reviews, with critics praising the cast and premise, but criticizing the number of graphic scenes. The second season was announced on March 29, 2017 and premiered on March 23, 2018. The series was cancelled on March 29, 2019 after the third season.

Joel and Sheila Hammond are real estate agents in Santa Clarita, California. The couple face a series of harsh events when Sheila has a physical transformation into a zombie and starts craving human flesh after eating clams. With Joel and the family trying to help Sheila, they have to deal with neighbors, cultural norms and getting to the bottom of a potentially mythological mystery.


Henderson waves

Henderson Waves () is a pedestrian bridge in Singapore. The bridge is in the shape of a wave.

Aileen Hernandez

Aileen Clark Hernandez (May 23, 1926 – February 13, 2017) was an African-American who fought for the rights of women and people with less rights. During her life, she was the president of the National Organization for Women and also worked in government for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

Hernandez's parents were Charles and Ethel Clark. They moved from Jamaica to the United States. Hernandez grew up in Brooklyn, New York City with her two brothers. Ethel Clark was a worker in a clothing factory. Charles Clark was a worker for an art supply store. All of the children in the Clark family learned to do work around the house such as sewing and cooking.

Hernandez went to Bay Ridge High School. She was a successful student and almost at the top of her class. Later, she went to Howard University, in Washington, D.C. She was educated at other universities, such as University of Oslo, New York University, and the University of California at Los Angeles. In 1959, she received a master's degree from University of California at Los Angeles.

Her first job was with the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union. She also worked with Alan Cranston and at the Fair Employment Practice Commission. Later, she was the first female on the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Hernandez started working with businesses to help them hire more women and people with less rights in 1966. She was vice president of the National Organization for Women in 1967 and became president in 1971.

Hernandez died from complications related to dementia at the age of 90.



Jody Williams

Jody Williams (born October 9, 1950) is a peace activist and humanitarian. She focused mainly on removing landmines from the world. Williams helped start the International Campaign to Ban Landmines (ICBL).

Many things made her become a peace activist. One of these things was her brother. Her brother was deaf and schizophrenic. He was disliked for his disabilities.

In college, Williams didn't know what she wanted to study. After she graduated, she worked as a teacher in the United Kingdom, Mexico, and Washington D.C. Williams does not like landmines. She does not want innocent people to be hurt by the landmines. Some people would accidentally step on the landmines and be killed.

Williams worked with celebrities to help teach people about the danger of landmines. She even worked with was Diana, Princess of Wales. Some celebrities didn't like this activism. One celebrity that didn't like Williams’ activism was Bill Clinton, a former US president. Clinton made this clear when he did not call her when she got the Nobel Peace Prize.

Williams won the Nobel Peace Prize. She was given the Nobel Peace Prize because of her work on getting rid of landmines. The Nobel Peace Prize was given to her in October, a day after her birthday. Williams said that it was challenging for her to get support on this project. The government didn't want to give landmines up because they were cheap and worked well. Williams won the argument and had landmines were made illegal.

Williams worked for many organizations. She worked with Nicaragua-Honduras Education Project, the Medical Aid for El Salvador, Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation, and Medico International.

Williams wrote "Banning Landmines: Disarmament, Citizen Diplomacy, and Human Security" and "My Name is Jody Williams: A Vermont Girl's Winding Path to the Nobel Peace Prize". Williams also helped make the Nobel Women's Initiative. The Nobel Women’s Initiative is an organization that is made up of female Nobel Peace Prize winners. They work all over the world and tell people about female equality.

Irene Natividad

Irene Natividad works on helping women around the world.

Natividad was born in 1948 in the Philippines. In Natividad’s early life, she and her family spent a lot of time moving. She traveled to Japan, Iran, Greece, and India and learned many languages, including Spanish, French, Tagalong, Farsi, Italian and Greek. By traveling, she saw how women were treated all over. Her mother never had a job because she was not allowed to work. Her mother told her to become a great student so she could get a job, unlike her.

Natividad went to many different schools as a child. The schools were all around the world. Her high school was in Greece. She went to Long Island University after high school. Then she went to Columbia University. She was given two degrees there. The degrees were for Philosophy and American Literature. Natividad also went to Marymount College 

Natividad led the National Women's Political Caucus. She often writes and talks about her opinion on many topics. In 1992 she became leader of the Global Forum for Women. The Global Forum for Women comes up with ideas to try and help issues with women. She joined other people to start "Project Vote Smart." They try to get more votes for education. She became the chair of the "Women’s Votes ‘96." 

Asian American Quarterly (1994): “”

Campaigns and Elections Magazine (1993) “Seventy-four Women Who Are Changing American Politics"

The National Conference for College Women Student Leaders (1989) “Women of Distinction Award”

Ladies’ Home Journal (1989) “100 Most Powerful Women in America”

Women’s Funding Coalition (1987) “Innovator for Women$hare Award”

Americans by Choice (1986) “Honored Americans Award”

Women’s Congressional Caucus  (1985) “Women Making History Award

Natividad now lives in Washington DC. She is married to Andres Cortese. They have one son. His name is Carlo Natividad-Cortese.

Nikki Giovanni

Yolande Cornelia "Nikki" Giovanni, Jr. (born June 7, 1943), is an American poet, writer, commentator, activist, and educator. She was one of the world's most well-known African-American poets. She was born in Knoxville, Tennessee.

Giovanni was part of the Black Arts Movement. Her early writings supported human rights and fought against violence. Giovanni wrote to protest the unfair lives of black people. She also writes about family, love, and children. Some of her writing is also for children. Jazz music and her family's stories helped her writing.

Giovanni wrote "Gemini," which was given the National Book Award.

Miriam Makeba

Zenzi Miriam Makeba (March 4, 1932 - November 9, 2008), nicknamed Mama Africa, was a South African singer, actress, and activist. She was against racial segregation which happened during the 20th century in South Africa.She shaped the new transition of black empowerment through her nationally and somehow globally acclaimed music.

Makeba was born in a town near Johannesburg, South Africa on March 4, 1932. Her town was segregated. Makeba started to sing in her school/church choir. She found comfort in singing and music.

Makeba started singing professionally in 1950. She first sang with her cousin's group. They were called the Cuban Brothers. She was also in two other groups called the Manhattan Brothers and the Skylarks. Makeba was in movies and musicals as well. She was in the musical "King Kong" in 1959, the movie "Come Back, Africa", and she recorded music with Harry Belafonte.

"Come Back, Africa" criticized segregation in South Africa. The South African government banned her from South Africa. Harry Belafonte helped Makeba come to the United States of America. They became friends and made an album together. The album was called “An Evening with Belafonte/Makeba.” They won a Grammy award in 1966 for that album.

Makeba married a jazz trumpet player named Hugh Masekela in 1964. Makeba divorced him in 1966. She then married Stokely Carmichael in 1968. He was a Civil Rights leader. She divorced him in 1978. Makeba came back to South Africa in 1990. The government started removing laws that made South Africa segregated. Makeba then died on November 9th 2008.

Fannie Lou Hamer

Fannie Lou Hamer (; Townsend; October 6, 1917 – March 14, 1977) was an influential American activist who fought for equal rights. Hamer protested for racial equality and reproductive rights in America. She is known for speaking for the African American group at an important national all-white meeting. Hamer was also a church singer. Her perseverance and rebellious spirit allowed her to help others, and make a long-lasting impact. 

Hamer spent a large portion of her life working in the fields. She grew up on a farm. She married her husband in 1944, and they found work at a nearby plantation. 

In 1962, Hamer learned that voting registration for Black Americans was possible. She immediately traveled to the nearest poll. However, she could not pass the literacy test. It was made very difficult to keep Black Americans from being able to vote. She soon returned home. She was fired from her job because she wanted to vote. She continued to attempt registration. She was arrested. In prison, she was beaten. However, her confidence and perseverance gained nationwide attention. 

In 1964, she co-founded the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party (MFDP). This organization challenged the local Democratic Party’s racist efforts. In 1968, Hamer became an official member of Mississippi’s first delegation to have both White and Black Americans. She organized many more operations and rallies in support of civil rights. Hamer traveled around the country, giving powerful speeches. In 1971, Hamer helped to found the National Women’s Political Caucus. 

Political progress was slow. Hamer became frustrated. She began doing economic work. She began a “pig bank” to provide free pigs for Black farmers to breed, raise, and slaughter. She later founded the Freedom Farm Cooperative (FFC). Hamer purchased land that Black people could own and farm independently. Donors supported her so that she could buy more than 600 acres to build a store, a boutique, and a sewing factory.
Hamer grew up in Mississippi, USA. She was the youngest of twenty children. Their family was able to get a small amount of a land and a tractor. A white family was very upset that Hamer’s family had this. The white family killed their cattle. After this event, The Hamer family was even poorer than before. Later Hamer said in an interview, “Things got so tough I began to wish I was white.” She also said that her mother got angry at her for saying that and her mother said “Don't ever, ever say that. You respect yourself as a little black child. And as you grow older, respect yourself as a black woman. Then one day, other people will respect you.”Hamer told herself that she would “Do something for the black man of the South if it would cost her life.”Later in Hamer’s life, she married Perry “Pap” Hamer. She adopted 4 children since she could not have any of her own.

When Hamer was still working, she learned that voting registration for Black Americans was possible. However, she could not pass the purposely-difficult literacy exam, and returned home. She was fired immediately upon return, and had much of her property confiscated. 

Hamer was angry and hoped to change the separated system. This hope led her to become a politician. During her political life, she was most well known for her work in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. While doing this job, Hamer fought for equality in voting. Hamer received the attention of the country for her position in the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party. This helped black people to be elected to national offices in Mississippi. Henry Kirksey, a black representative in national offices, said "If Fannie Lou Hamer had had the same opportunities that Martin Luther King had, then we would have had a female Martin Luther King." 

Ella Baker

Ella Josephine Baker (December 13, 1903 – December 13, 1986) was an African-American civil rights and human rights activist. She worked alongside some of the most famous civil rights leaders of the 20th century, including W. E. B. Du Bois, Thurgood Marshall, A. Philip Randolph, and Martin Luther King Jr. She also mentored many emerging activists, such as Diane Nash, Stokely Carmichael, Rosa Parks, and Bob Moses. Baker has been ranked as "One of the most important African American leaders of the twentieth century and perhaps the most influential woman in the Civil Rights Movement," known for her critiques not only of racism within American culture, but also the sexism and classism within the Civil Rights Movement.

Baker worked with many civil rights organizations. Some of these organizations were the NAACP, Martin Luther King’s Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. 

Baker knew that some Black American protesters lost their jobs. Their White American bosses fired them. So she co-founded “In Friendship.” “In Friendship” raised money and collected  clothing to send to people who were fired. Baker was the Executive Secretary.

Amina al-Said

Amina al-Said (January 20, 1914 - August 13, 1995) was an Egyptian feminist, journalist, and editor.

In 1931, she was one of the first three women to graduate from Fu’ad University. She advocated for women's rights in Egypt. She started the first Arabic magazine for women in 1934, the "Hawaa-Eve". She also helped start the Pan-Arab Feminist Union. Al-Said was the first Egyptian journalist to be paid by a major publisher.

She received the First State Recognition Award, First Order of the Republic, Universal Star, and National Arts Award. She was also one of the first women's rights activists to be supported by her government.

Fred Quimby

Frederick Clinton "Fred" Quimby (July 31, 1886 – September 16, 1965) was an American cartoon producer. He was best known as producing "Tom and Jerry" cartoons, for which he won seven Academy Awards.

He was the movie sales executive in charge of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio, which included Tex Avery, as well as William Hanna and Joseph Barbera (creators of "Tom and Jerry").


Professor's Cube

The Professor's Cube is a mechanical puzzle, a 5×5×5 version of the Rubik's Cube. It has qualities in common with both the original 3×3×3 Rubik's Cube and the 4×4×4 Rubik's Revenge, and knowing how to solve either can help when working on the 5×5×5 cube.

Eric Yarrow

Sir Eric Grant Yarrow, 3rd Baronet, MBE, DL, FRSE (23 April 1920 – 22 September 2018) was a British businessman. He was born in Surrey, England.

After serving during World War II, he worked at Yarrow Shipbuilders, in 1946, later becoming President of Yarrow plc until 1987, and was Chairman of Clydesdale Bank from 1985 to 1991.

Yarrow was appointed a Vice-President of RINA in 1972 as well as serving as Prime Warden of the Shipwrights' Company (1970–71), among other charitable activities.

Yarrow was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for military service in 1946.

Yarrow died on 22 September 2018 at the age of 98.


Anita Ellis

Anita Ellis (née Kert; April 12, 1920 – October 28, 2015) is a Canadian-born American singer, actress and pilot. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. Ellis became a naturalized United States citizen in 1950. In 1941, she joined WLW in Cincinnati, Ohio, as a singer. Ellis dubbed the singing voices of such actresses as Rita Hayworth (notably in "Gilda", 1946), Vera-Ellen and Jeanne Crain.

Ellis retired in 1987 and moved to Manhattan. She suffered from Alzheimer's disease.


Lydia Wideman

Lydia Wideman (later "Wideman-Lehtonen"; 17 May 1920 – 13 April 2019) was a Finnish Olympic cross-country skier gold medalist. She was born in Vilppula, Finland. She was the first female Olympic medalist in cross-country skiing. In 1952 she competed in thirteen 10 km races and won all of them, including the 1952 Winter Olympics, national championships and Lahti Ski Games.

In February 2018, following the death of Durward Knowles, she became the oldest living Olympic champion. Wideman died on 13 April 2019, aged 98.

Durward Knowles

Sir Durward Randolph Knowles (2 November 1917 – 24 February 2018) was a Bahamian sailor and Olympic champion. He won the gold medal in the Star class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, together with Cecil Cooke. He won the bronze medal in the same class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

From 2016 to 2018, he was the oldest living Olympic champion. He turned 100 in November 2017 and died on 24 February 2018 of kidney failure.

Gudrun Zapf-von Hesse

Gudrun Zapf-von Hesse (January 2, 1918 – December 13, 2019) was a German type designer, calligrapher and book-binder. She was the 1991 winner of the Frederic W. Goudy Award. She also designed several fonts. 

She was born in Schwerin, Germany. In her early years, she worked with Rudolf Koch and Edward Johnston.

From 1946 to 1954, Von Hesse taught lettering at the Städelschule in Frankfurt. She was hired by the Stempel foundry in Frankfurt to design typefaces, and went on to a successful career as a typographer with Stempel.

In 2001, she was recognized with a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Friends of Calligraphy. She turned 100 in January 2018.

From 1951 until his death in 2015, she was married to Hermann Zapf. They had one son Christian, who died in 2012. She lived in Darmstadt, Germany. She died on December 13, 2019 at the age of 101.



Big Four

Big Four may refer to:


Laban movement analysis

Laban movement analysis (LMA) describes human movement. It is based on the original work of Rudolf Laban, and many others helped to develop it. Its main and original purpose was to be a dance notation. Before film and video were developed, there was no way to record dance moves so that later dancers could use those moves. The transmission of dance from one generation to the next depended on older expert dancers teaching young dancers.

The problem was especially notable in modern dance, where the vocabulary of classical dance figures was expanded with almost no limits. Towards the end of his life, Laban extended his ideas into the movements workers made during physical work.

LMA draws from many fields including anatomy, kinesiology and psychology. It is used by dancers, actors, gymnasts and many other groups. However, it is fair to say that it is now largely replaced by video recordings. Also, it is not the only kind of dance notation, and not the only way human movement can be written down as a record for later generations. And, it was not the first such system. For example, in the 1680s Pierre Beauchamp had a dance notation system for baroque dance, and in 1887/8 Eadweard Muybridge started to use film to record human and animal movement. It is film and video which has transformed our understanding of motion, rather than dance notation. But in its field the Laban notation was notable.

Dance which has been reliably recorded on notation and perhaps backed up by video recording, can be and has been used to copyright choreography.

Kirsty Sword Gusmão

Kirsty Sword Gusmão was the first lady of East Timor from 2000 to 2015. Gusmão wanted kids to be able to learn. Gusmão started the Alola Foundation.  The Alola Foundation helps girls, their families and helps poor people. She helped free East Timor from Indonesia. Gusmão was a spy for twenty years.

Gusmão was born in Melbourne, Australia, in 1966. She went to Melbourne University and studied education.

Gusmão first traveled to the East Timor part of Indonesia in 1991. She was finding information for a movie on the area and was the interpreter for the movie maker. She became a teacher in Jakarta, Indonesia. She worked there from 1992-1996. She was worried about human rights in East Timor. While she fought for human rights she met the East Timor independence leader, Xanana Gusmão. He was in prison. She met him through going to his jail cell. She married him in 2000.

She moved back to Melbourne, Australia , for cancer treatment in 2012. In 2015, Sword Gusmão and Gusmão announced their separation.

Wendy Wasserstein

Wendy Wasserstein (October 18, 1950 – January 30, 2006) was an American playwright. She was an Andrew Dickson White Professor-at-Large at Cornell University. She received the Tony Award for Best Play and the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1989 for her play "The Heidi Chronicles".

Her plays, which explore topics ranging from feminism to family to ethnicity to pop culture, include "The Sisters Rosensweig", "Isn't It Romantic", "An American Daughter", "Old Money", and her last work which opened in 2005, "Third".

Wasserstein was hospitalized with lymphoma in December 2005 and died on January 30, 2006, aged 55.

Gloria Molina

Gloria Molina (May 31, 1948 – May 14, 2023) was a politician and an activist for Latino rights.

Gloria Molina was born on May 31, 1948 in Los Angeles, California. Her mother and father moved to the United States from Mexico. She went to school in Pico Rivera, California as a child, and she also went to East Los Angeles College. When she was 19, she made most of the money for her family. She stopped school at California State University in Los Angeles. 

Molina was a part of and started many groups that supported LatinX rights. She became a member of the California government in 1982. In 1987, she became the first woman Los Angeles government member. She heard the people of Los Angeles to make the city better. In 1991, Molina became a Supervisor for Los Angeles. While Supervisor, she fought to stop AIDS. She became the co-chair of Bill Clinton’s presidential campaign. 

Anjali Gopalan

Anjali Gopalan (born September 1, 1957) is a gay rights activist in India. She specifically focuses on HIV/AIDS. She forced the Indian government to pay attention to people with HIV/AIDS. The Indian government had to give more money to help people with HIV/AIDS. The government also made a law that doctors have to give good medical care to people with this disease.

Gopalan was born in India. Her father was in the army, so they moved around a lot. She went to school in India and the United States. She went to Lady Shri Ram College. She studied politics, journalism, and international development.

Gopalan worked as a journalist in India. She moved to New York City. She became a social worker and saw how HIV/AIDS affected people. She returned to India to take care of her parents. She then began to inform her community about HIV/AIDS in India.

"Anjali Gopalan." "Newsmakers", vol. 1, Gale, 2013. "Biography In Context", Accessed 3 May 2018.

Winona LaDuke

Winona LaDuke (born August 18, 1959) is an environmentalist, economist and writer who supports Native American rights. In addition, LaDuke believes in not damaging nature. For this cause, she started the White Earth Land Recovery Project. She currently lives on the White Earth Reservation. LaDuke studied at Harvard and MIT. She was included in "TIME" magazine’s 1994, “50 for the Future.” She was included because of her actions to protect Native Americans’ land from dangerous chemicals. 

Elaine H. Kim

Elaine H. Kim (February 26, 1972) teaches Asian American Studies and she fights for Asian American rights.  She co-founded the non-profit organization Asian Women United (AWU).

Kim first suffered disrespect because of her race in the second grade. She has made videos and has written in newspapers. She attended University of Pennsylvania and Columbia University. Kim went back to Seoul, South Korea to teach, but came back to University of California, Berkeley.

She teaches Asian American studies, and she fought for Asian American people around the San Francisco Bay Area and in Berkeley.


Ruth Sienkiewicz-Mercer

Ruth Sienkiewicz-Mercer (September 23, 1950 – August 8, 1998) was a civil rights activist and writer. She fought for the rights of people with disabilities. She also wrote the book, "I Raise My Eyes to Say Yes", with the help of Steven B. Kaplan.

When she was five weeks old, Sienkiewicz-Mercer acquired viral encephalitis. This is a disease that causes the brain to swell up. She became well again. Later, others noticed that she was not able to speak or move. Sienkiewicz-Mercer was diagnosed with cerebral palsy, a disease that causes paralysis. 

The first school Sienkiewicz-Mercer attended was in Massachusetts. This school was meant for people with disabilities. There, a doctor diagnosed her as mentally disabled. Her parents then decided to send her to another school. This school was more expensive. Sienkiewicz-Mercer had to leave the school because there was not enough money to continue her education. She then had to attend another school for the mentally disabled. At this school, Sienkiewicz-Mercer was treated terribly for sixteen years.

"After fourteen years of living in an institution, I knew I had to write a book about my experiences to let everyone know I was aware of all that was going on. I don't want people to have to live in that kind of environment. They are left to rot, basically, and not treated like the human beings they are. My work consists of advocating for the rights of people with disabilities, promoting community services, and closing down institutions. I want to write more."

Maureen Orcutt

Maureen Orcutt (April 1, 1907 – January 9, 2007) was an American golfer and "New York Times" reporter. Orcutt won many golf championships. She stopped playing golf at age 87 because she had knee problems.

In 1934, she won the 1934 Democratic Party nomination for the New Jersey General Assembly. In 1991, she was put into the New York State Hall of Fame for winning golf tournaments over 70 years.

In 2007, Orcutt died at the age of 99 from heart failure.


Patrisse Cullors

Patrisse Cullors supports African Americans and their rights. She co-founded Black Lives Matter. She was born in 1984 and grew up in Los Angeles. She also supports LGBTQ rights.

Cullors lived during a time when prison populations were rising. Her father and brother were in and out of prison most of her life. Her mom worked long hours and spent limited time with her. When she was 16, she identified as queer and had her first girlfriend. Her family did not agree, but her friends supported her. She decided to get involved in other groups that would support her and help others like her.

Cullors went to UCLA, where she studied philosophy and religion. She kept trying to get equal rights during this time.

Cullors co-founded the Black Lives Matter movement. She created a hashtag, #BlackLivesMatter. It spread quickly on social media sites. She helped African-Americans that needed help with lawsuits against them. She supported the LGBTQ community. She wanted everyone to have equal rights.

Cullors wrote the book called "STAINED: An Intimate Portrayal of State Violence." It talks about violence in prison.

Snowshoe hare

The snowshoe hare is "Lepus americanus", found in North America. It is a kind of hare adapted to cold climates. It is white in colour in the winter.

A major predator of the snowshoe hare is the Canada lynx. There are historical records of animals caught by fur hunters over hundreds of years. The records show show the lynx and hare numbers rising and falling in a cycle. This has made the hare a case study of the relationship between numbers of predators and their prey.

Russalka

The Russalka was a battleship of the navy of the Russian Empire. It was assigned to coastal defense in the Baltic Sea.

The Russian vessel "Russalka" was built in St. Petersburg in 1867. It was 62 meters long and armed with six cannons. The crew consisted of 178 sailors. On September 7, 1893, the ship entered a fateful course to Helsinki and sank in the Gulf of Finland due to bad weather. On September 10, the maritime ministry announced Russalka's disappearance with all hands lost. 

The Imperial Russian Ministry of the Interior ordered a search, which involved 15 vessels and lasted until October 16, 1893. The search was then called off without success. On June 22, 2003, a ship was found at a depth of 30 meters from the bottom of the sea.

CAD/CAM

The term CAD/CAM is a shortening of Computer-Aided Design (CAD) and Computer-Aided Manufacture (CAM). The term CAD/NC (Numerical Control) is equivalent in some industries. Most CAD/CAM software was developed for product development and to design and manufacture of components and molds. They are also increasingly used by architects. CAD/CAM software uses CAD drawing tools to describe geometries used by the CAM portion of the program to define a toolpath that will direct the motion of a machine tool to machine the exact shape that was drawn.
Examples of CAD/CAM software are SolidWorks, INVENTOR, CATiA and AutoCAD. Furthermore, examples of CAM software are SolidCAM and CAMWorks.

3D CAD/CAM software provides the ability to control CNC machinery from 2.5 axis, 3 axis and multi axis CNC machines. 

Expert CAD/CAM systems were developed around 1988.

French Chess Federation

The French Chess Federation (French : "Fédération Française des Echecs" – "FFE") is the national organization for chess in France. The president is Diego Salazar, the vice-president is Christophe Leroy and the treasurer is Stéphane Reyreau. The headquarters of the French Chess Federation is Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines, near Paris. The French federation was founded in 1933.



French Chess Championship

The French Chess Championship is the annual national chess tournament of France. It was officially first played in 1923 after the formation of the "Fédération Française des Echecs" in 1921.

The first unofficial national tournament was played in 1880, in the Café de la Régence, where further events were held in 1881 and 1883. The 1903 and 1914 tournaments were the first real predecessors of the official championship. They ran under the name "Championnat de France des amateurs" (Championship of the chess enthusiasts).


Manuel Turizo

Manuel Turizo Zapata, better known as Manuel Turizo and by the acronym MTZ (born 12 April, 2000) is a Colombian singer and songwriter. Born in Montería, Colombia. He is recognized for his hit single "Una Lady Como Tú" that won him great popularity.

His musical career comes with the release of an EP composed of 3 songs of different styles. There he focuses on urban music, trap music and reggaeton. In December 2016, he launched "Baila Conmigo", produced by his brother Julián and Zensei, "Vámonos" and "Una Lady Como Tú", a theme that made him famous throughout America and part of Europe.

On April 10, 2017 reissued "Una Lady Como Tú" and on August 4 premieres the remix of this track, with Nicky Jam. On October 20, "Déjala Que Vuelva" premieres, a collaboration he made with Piso 21. On November 28, the single "Déjate Llevar", a song by Juan Magán with the collaboration of Belinda, Snova, B-Case and Turizo, will be released. On December 7 he released the single "Esperándote".

Rishta Likhenge Hum Naya

Rishta Likhenge Hum Naya is an Indian mystery drama series on SET India, starring Tejaswi Prakash Wayangankar and Rohit Suchanti in lead roles and It premiered on 7 November 2017 and airs on SET India.

Female Actress Profile
https://twchannels.com/karn-sangini-serial-on-star-plus-cast-wiki-story-pics-images-promo-timings/

Joel Kovel

Joel Kovel (August 27, 1936 – April 30, 2018) was an American scholar and author.

From 1977 till 1983 he was Director of Residency Training, Department of Psychiatry, Albert Einstein College of Medicine (where he was also Professor of Psychiatry from 1979–1986). From 1980 to 1985, he was an Adjunct Professor of Anthropology at the New School for Social Research and from 1986–7 a Visiting Professor of Political Science and Communications, University of California, San Diego.

Kovel's works include "White Racism" (1971) (nominated for a National Book Award), "A Complete Guide to Therapy" (1979), "The Age of Desire" (1982), "Against the State of Nuclear Terror" (1982), "In Nicaragua" (1986), "The Radical Spirit: Essays on Psychoanalysis and Society" (1988), "History and Spirit" (1991), "Red Hunting in the Promised Land" (1994), "The Enemy of Nature" (2002), and "Overcoming Zionism" (2007).

On May 1, 2018, it was announced that Kovel died in New York City on April 30 at the age of 81. No cause of death was given. 

Point Pelee National Park

Point Pelee National Park (), also known as just Point Pelee, is a national park in Essex County. Essex County is in Ontario, Canada. Point Pelee is a peninsula of land and has many marshes and forest habitats. The shape of the park is a triangle with a sharp point in Lake Erie. Middle Island in Lake Erie is also part of the national park.

The national park is at the southernmost part of mainland Canada. The area is around by wide in the north part of the park. The park was created in 1918. It was the first national park of Canada that was created to protect the area. All of the other national parks of Canada were created at first for tourism. It became a Ramsar site on 27 May 1987. The park also became a dark-sky preserve in 2006.

The First Nations of Canada lived on Point Pelee for a long time. This was before the Europeans came to colonize the area. People think people used to live on the biggest archaeological site that was found at Point Pelee between AD 700 and 900. Point Pelee was named by two priests in 1670. They were Fathers Dollier and Galinee. The word "pelée" is the French word for bald.

Naturalists and hunters wanted to protect the area. They thought that the biodiversity of virds needed protection from land development in the area. Before the park was created, a group called the Great Lakes Ornithological Society was created. They studied the bird migration in the area. In 1915, they recommended that Point Pelee become a national park. It was the first national park that was created to protect the area. That changed how national parks were created. When the park was created, there were still many cottages in the area and two hotels. There were also many farms and a school.

Many cottages were still being built after the national park was created. After the Wall Street Crash of 1929, no more land in the park was sold. The park had a development plan in the 1920s. A highway was supposed to be built in the park. Beginning in the 1960s, a lot of people went to the park. Point Pelee became the national park that the most people went to. Almost 781 000 people went to Point Pelee in 1963. Because many people visited the park, a lot of the nature and wildlife was destroyed. The government of Canada said that Point Pelee should not be a national park anymore because of this.

After the 1980s, the government of Canada began protecting the area more. They stopped allowing cars to drive to the tip. Instead, they began a shuttle to the tip. They began buying all the cottages in the park and removing them. They removed more than 350 buildings. They have also removed two roads. In 1989, duck hunting wasn't allowed in the park anymore. In 1991, the government began killing some of the deer in the park to protect the plants. They have killed some of the deer a few more times after that.

Point Pelee became a dark-sky preserve in 2006. It was the first national park of Canada to become a dark-sky preserve. In 2006, waves from Lake Erie washed away the tip. After this, in 2007, the tip reappeared. This was because Lake Erie's water level went down. The tip changes each year, growing longer or shorter. In 2017, a fire in Point Pelee burned down some of the marsh land. Around 125 hectares were burned down.

The park is in the St. Lawrence Lowlands. It is Canada's second smallest national park, after the Georgian Bay Islands National Park. This is because it is only . A very large area of the park is marshland and has ponds. This is 70% of the park. The rest of the park is mostly forest. Forests are 21% of the park. The sandspit around the park mostly has till plains. These till plains were created in the last Ice Age.

Point Pelee has a humid continental climate. It has warm and humid summers and cold winters. The temperatures of the park are changed by Lake Erie.


Max Berrú

Max Berrú (June 5, 1942 – May 1, 2018) was an Ecuadorian-Chilean singer and musician. He was one of the two founders of Inti-Illimani and sang the band's famous song "Viva Chile!". He was born in Cariamanga, Loja Province.

President Ricardo Lagos awarded him with the "Orden al Mérito Docente y Cultural Gabriela Mistral" in 2002. He owned a restaurant called "Mitad del Mundo" ("Middle of the World"), in reference to his Ecuadorian origins.

Berrú died in Santiago de Chile on May 1, 2018 of multiple myeloma at the age of 74.


Wanda Wiłkomirska

Wanda Wiłkomirska (11 January 1929 – 1 May 2018) was a Polish violinist and teacher. She was born in Warsaw. She was known for both the classical works and for her interpretation of 20th Century music, having received two Polish State Awards for promoting Polish music and also other awards for her contribution to music.

Wiłkomirska gave world premiere performances of numerous contemporary works including Tadeusz Baird and Krzysztof Penderecki. She lived in Brisbane, Australia. Wiłkomirska performed on a violin crafted by Pietro Guarneri in 1734 in Venice.

Wiłkomirska died in Brisbane on 1 May 2018 at the age of 89.


Morton, Minnesota

Morton is a city in Renville County, Minnesota, United States. This city is ninety-five miles southwest of Minneapolis. It is the headquarters of the Lower Sioux Indian Reservation. The population was 410 at the 2020 census.

Tuas Link MRT station

Tuas Link MRT station (EW33) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station along the East West Line in Tuas, Singapore. It is the western terminus of the East West Line, and the westernmost MRT station in the network.

It is the first above-ground station to have platforms on a lower level than the station control room, fare gates and ticketing machines.

Tuas Link station is within walking distance to Raffles Marina, Tuas Checkpoint and the Malaysia–Singapore Second Link. However, as Tuas Checkpoint is designated as a vehicular checkpoint, travellers are not allowed to enter the checkpoint on foot via Tuas Link station.

Tuas Link MRT station, along with the rest of the Tuas West Extension of the East West MRT Line, was first announced on 11 January 2011 by Transport Minister Raymond Lim. The groundbreaking ceremony marking the start of the construction of Tuas West Extension was held at this station on 4 May 2012 by Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew. When opened, the extension is expected to serve more than 100,000 commuters daily.

The opening of the station was delayed from 2016 to the second quarter of 2017 to make way for the installation of the new signalling system. The station and the Tuas West Extension started operations on 18 June 2017.

Stations between Gul Circle to Tuas Link were temporary closed between 16 and 19 November 2017 following a collision between two trains at Joo Koon station. On 20 November 2017, train service from Gul Circle to Tuas Link was resumed; however, train services between Joo Koon and Gul Circle will be suspended till mid-2018 to facilitate maintenance work on signalling devices.

Alstom Metropolis C830C

The Alstom Metropolis C830C, together with the Alstom Metropolis C751C are the second generation of communications-based train control (CBTC) rolling stock to be used in Singapore’s Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) lines. 24 trainsets of 3 cars were manufactured by Shanghai Alstom Transport Co Ltd (a joint venture between Alstom and Shanghai Electric), with deliveries from end June 2014.

The tender for trains under the contract 830C was opened together with another contract C751C for an additional 18 North East Line trains which closed on 18 July 2011 with 5 bids. The Land Transport Authority has shortlisted all of them and the tender results was published on 1 February 2012.

The outside of the train is almost the same as the older C830, with slight differences such as a larger SMRT logo and the look of the train inside. The reserved seats are coloured red to make them more obvious. Navy blue and yellow coloured seats are installed in the driving motor cars (end carriages) while the seats in the middle car are khaki. The train's system that allows it to move is louder than the C830's, and is identical the one found on the Amsterdam Metro M5 Series.

Other changes include the inner layer of the doors finished in bluish-grey, a new Visual Passenger Information System, similar to the C951, located above the doors and a new gangway design similar to the C751C.

The C830C runs without a driver, using Communications-based train control (CBTC), which does not require "fixed-block track circuits" to find where the train is on the track. Instead, they use "continuous two-way digital communication" between each controlled train and a control center, which may control an area of a railroad line, a complete line, or a group of lines. It has been found that CBTC systems reduce costs for running the system and allow the system to be controlled more easily.

The configuration of a C830C in revenue service is Mc1-T-Mc2

The car numbers of the trains range from 841x to 864x, where x depends on the carriage type. Individual cars are assigned a 4 digit serial number. A complete three-car trainset consists of one trailer(T) and two driving motor cars(Mc1 & Mc2) permanently coupled together. For example, set 864 consists of carriages 8641, 8642, 8643.

Clementi rail accident

The 1993 Clementi rail accident was a rail accident that occurred on the East West line of the Singapore MRT. It was the MRT's first major incident and resulted in 156 passengers being injured. It was caused by a oil spill.

The MRT commenced operations in 1987, with the part of the line from Outram Park MRT station to Jurong East MRT station opening on 12 March 1988. At the time of the accident, the system had been operating for six years.

Before the start of service, a maintenance vehicle leaked oil onto the tracks from Buona Vista MRT station to Clementi MRT station until the junction with Ulu Pandan Depot. The first 10 westbound trains reported braking difficulties. The eleventh train, a C151, had to use its emergency brakes to stop at the station. At 7.50 am on 5 August 1993, the 12th train, another C151, collided with the stationary C151 at Clementi while it was recharging its batteries, resulting in 156 injuries.

the investigation showed that the cause of the accident was a oil spill caused by a defective rubber ring on a maintenance locomotive.

In the aftermath of the accident, SMRT said that it would replace the faulty maintenance locomotives and purchase new ones. It also introduced a new policy for station managers to inspect tracks for oil or foreign objects before the start of service.

The second collision on the MRT, the Joo Koon rail accident, occurred 24 years later on 15 November 2017, when two C151A trains collided at Joo Koon MRT station.

Devbhumi Dwarka district

Devbhumi Dwarka District is a district of India on the southern coast of the Gulf of Kutch in the state of Gujarat. Its headquarters are located in the city of Jamkhambhaliya. The district was created on August 15, 2013 from Jamnagar district.

Matthew Meselson

Matthew Stanley Meselson (born May 24, 1930) is a geneticist and molecular biologist at Harvard University. He is known for his demonstration, with Franklin Stahl, of the semi-conservative DNA replication. 

After completing his Ph.D under Linus Pauling at the California Institute of Technology, Meselson became a Professor at Harvard University in 1960. He is there today as today as Thomas Dudley Cabot Professor of the Natural Sciences.

In the famous Meselson–Stahl experiment of 1958 he and Frank Stahl showed with nitrogen isotope labeling that DNA is replicated semi-conservatively. In addition, Meselson, François Jacob, and Sydney Brenner discovered the existence of messenger RNA in 1961. Meselson has investigated DNA repair in cells and how cells recognize and destroy foreign DNA, and, with Werner Arber, was responsible for the discovery of restriction enzymes.

Since 1963 he has been interested in chemical warfare and biological defense and arms control. Meselson worked with Henry Kissinger under the Nixon administration to convince President Richard Nixon to renounce biological weapons, suspend chemical weapons production, and support an international treaty banning biological agents for hostile purposes. In 1972 this became the Biological Weapons Convention.

Meselson has received many awards. His laboratory at Harvard investigates the biological and evolutionary nature of sexual reproduction, genetic recombination, and aging. Many of his past students are notable biologists, including Nobel Laureate Sidney Altman, Mark Ptashne, Susan Lindquist, Stephen F. Heinemann, and Richard I. Morimoto.


Graham Fellows

Graham David Fellows (born 22 May 1959 in Sheffield, Yorkshire) is an English comedy actor and musician, best known for creating the comedic character John Shuttleworth and one-hit wonder Jilted John.

Siri von Essen

Sigrid Sofia Matilda Elisabet von Essen (17 August 1850 in Porvoo - 22 April 1912 in Helsinki) was a Swedish speaking Finnish actress.

At home Siri had already in young years a French governess. This is a reason, that Siri can speak French very well. Her parents Carl Reinhold von Essen and Carlotta In de Betou were normally people. Already in 1868 the first move to Paris came. She had no problems with the new city and the speach. When the family five years later must sell the Finnish goods, Siri moved to Stockholm, where she married some years later Carl Gustav Wrangel. The divorced came after four years, because Siri want to work as an actress. Also her husband had a married with Siris cousin.

After divorce Siri took drama lessons and already in 1877 she had her first performance. 1875 she met August Strindberg and married him at 30th December 1875. When she got her first children, she was quit by the dramatist. Since 1884 the married between Strindberg and Siri von Essen wasn't very good, because August accused Siri to had a lesbian married with Marie David. 1888 Siri and August started a drama, but it doesn't works good. After divorce in 1893, Siri moved with her children to Finland.

She was died at 22 April 1912 in Solna. 

Austroasiatic languages

The Austroasiatic languages are a family of languages. They are spoken in Southeast Asia. There are 157 languages, with about 117 million speakers. The biggest group of speakers speak Khmer language or Vietnamese. These are also official languages in the territories where these are spoken.

Hans-Rudolf Merz

Hans-Rudolf Merz (born 10 November 1942) is a Swiss politician of FDP.The Liberals. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council. He was head of the Federal Department of Finance (the Swiss finance minister) from 2004 to 2010 and President of the Swiss Confederation for 2009. On 6 August 2010 Merz announced his resignation for October 2010.

He was born in Herisau, Switzerland, he studied at Hochschule St. Gallen and graduated in 1971 with a DEA degree and as Dr. rer. publ.


Wolf Children

Wolf Children () is an Japanese anime movie directed/co-written by Mamoru Hosoda.

Hana, a college student, has two children with a werewolf. She names the girl Yuki and the boy Ame. Not long after this, their father dies. Hana decides to keep raising the children.

As the children grow older, Hana finds it is hard to hide the werewolf powers inherited from their father: ultimately, she moves them to the countryside to avoid trouble from the public. She works hard to repair a house and grow their own food.

Ame becomes confident in himself after a near-death experience, and the children are allowed to attend school. Yuki adapts and makes friends, while Ame drops out to receive lessons from an old fox named Sensei about surviving in the wild. At this time, they are beginning to form their life paths.

In fourth grade, a transfer student named Souhei begins attending Yuki's class. He realizes she is not normal, and during a chase, Yuki accidentally injures his ear. He tells his mother a wolf attacked him, not Yuki. Over time, they become friends.

Ame and Yuki later fight each other over their "real" selves: neither sibling can agree whether or not they are wolf or human. Hana recognizes they are forming their futures, but is worried about it. Ame reveals that Sensei has been gravely wounded during a storm and will likely not survive, but then hints that he will succeed Sensei as the guardian of the wild. Hana is horrified by this, and begs him not to return to the forest.

Two years later, despite what Hana told him, Ame disappears into the forest during a severe storm to replace Sensei; Hana goes after him. She forgets to pick up Yuki from school, who is left alone with Souhei while the other students are retrieved. She decides to reveal herself as a wolf to him. He replies that he already knew and will keep her secret.

Hana gets hurt by a fall and dreams about her lover, who tells her that Ame will be fine with his chosen path. Ame picks her up and gets her to safety, but then turns into an adult wolf and runs off into the mountains. Hana is initially heartbroken as she believes she has not yet done anything for Ame, but soon recognizes he is now "where he belongs" and bids him farewell.

The next school year, Yuki leaves home to move into a dorm room with her friends in Junior High. Ame's howls are heard throughout the forest. Despite living alone in the house, Hana feels that she has raised her children well.

Danone

Danone is a French multinational food-products corporation based in Paris and founded in Barcelona, Spain.

The company is listed on Euronext Paris where it is a component of the CAC 40 stock market index.

Danone is present in over 130 markets and generated sales of €21.9 billion in 2016, with more than half in emerging countries. In 2015, fresh dairy products represented 50% of the group's total sales, early life nutrition 22%, water 21% and medical nutrition 7%.

RÚV

RÚV () is the national public-service broadcasting organization of the Republic of Iceland. It runs two television stations (Rúv 1, which broadcasts all the time, and Rúv 2, which only broadcasts special events from inside and outside Iceland) and three radio stations (Rás 1, Rás 2 and Rondó). It broadcasts only in the Icelandic language.




"Fetch! With Ruff Ruffman sótt með Ruff Ruffman" 2007-2019


Sweetener (album)

Sweetener is the fourth studio album by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on August 17, 2018. Grande revealed the album's name and a few of its tracks on "The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon" on May 1, 2018. The album's lead single, "No Tears Left to Cry", has reached number one in Australia and the top three in the US, UK, and Canada.

Without announcing the album's release date at first, Grande revealed to Fallon that she would "do something special" on the 20th of each month until the album's release, such as performing at the 2018 "Billboard" Music Awards on May 20, 2018. She announced that she would be collaborating with Pharrell Williams, Nas, and longtime collaborators Max Martin, Ilya, and Savan Kotecha.

The album entered at the top of the "Billboard" 200 album chart, with 231,000 copies shipped and streamed in its first week in the US.

Notes

Elmar Altvater

Elmar Altvater (24 August 1938 – 1 May 2018) was Professor of Political Science at the Otto-Suhr-Institut of the Free University of Berlin. He retired on 30 September 2004. He worked at the Institute, and to publish articles and books. He was born in Kamen, Province of Westphalia. In 1970, he co-founded the German journal "PROKLA - Journal for Critical Social Science".


Chuck Missler

Charles William "Chuck" Missler (May 28, 1934 – May 1, 2018) was an American author, evangelical Christian, Bible teacher, engineer, and former businessman. Missler was born in Illinois. He was the founder of the Koinonia House ministry based in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. He helped create a monthly newsletter from the ministry and Bible study tapes, hosted a radio show called "66/40", and spoke at conferences.

Missler died at his home in Reporoa, New Zealand on May 1, 2018 at the age of 83.


Universo 2000

Andrés Reyes González (April 18, 1963 – May 1, 2018) was a Mexican professional wrestler, or luchador, who is best known under the ring name Universo 2000. Reyes made his professional wrestling debut in 1985. He worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) and, International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG).

In 2016 Andrés Reyes suffered a minor heart attack, and suffered a second more severe heart attack on June 5, 2017 which forced him to be hospitalized. Almost a year later, on May 1, 2018, Reyes died of heart attack-related complications at the age of 55.

Gord Brown

Gordon Brown, , (August 31, 1960 – May 2, 2018) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He was a member of the House of Commons of Canada, representing the Ontario riding of Leeds—Grenville—Thousand Islands and Rideau Lakes as a Conservative member from 2004 until his death in 2018.

Brown was appointed by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on the advice of Conservative Party of Canada Leader Andrew Scheer to sit on the National Security and Intelligence Committee of Parliamentarians on November 6, 2017.

Brown died of a heart attack at his Parliament Hill office in Ottawa, Ontario at the age of 57.


Vadim Mulerman

Vadim Iosifovich Mulerman (; 18 August 1938 – 2 May 2018) was a Soviet singer (baritone). He was awarded the title of Meritorious Artist of the RSFSR (1978), People's Artist of the RSFSR and Merited Artist of Ukraine.

Mulerman died on 2 May 2018 in New York City of cancer at the age of 79.


Wang Danfeng

Wang Danfeng (; 23 August 1924 – 2 May 2018) was a Chinese actress. She was active from the 1940s to the 1960s. Wang was born in Shanghai. 

She named as one of the four greatest actresses in Hong Kong, officially recognized as a "movie star of New China" in 1962, and received two Lifetime Achievement Awards. She starred in more than 60 movies.

She retired in 1980. Wang was invited to attend President Ronald Reagan's second inauguration in 1985.

In 2013, the China Film Performance Art Academy awarded Wang the Golden Phoenix Lifetime Achievement Award.

In the morning of 2 May 2018, Wang died at a hospital in Shanghai, aged 93.

Kent Osborne

Kent Osborne (born August 30, 1969) is an American screenwriter, actor, and television and movie producer. He served as a storyboard writer for "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Camp Lazlo", "Phineas and Ferb", "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack", "Adventure Time" and "Regular Show". He has received multiple Emmy Award nominations and has won twice for "Adventure Time" (in 2015 and 2017). 

He is currently the head writer for Cartoon Network's upcoming series "Summer Camp Island", set to premiere in 2018.

He has also starred in several movies, including "Hannah Takes the Stairs", "Nights and Weekends", "All the Light in the Sky" and "Uncle Kent" (in the title role).


Burgettstown, Pennsylvania

Burgettstown is a borough in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The population was 1,425 according to the 2020 census.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough has a total area of , all of it land.

James W. Carroll

James W. Carroll Jr. is an American lawyer. He was the director of the U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy from January 3, 2019 to January 20, 2021. He was appointed by President Donald Trump and then nominated to be the permanent director on April 24, 2018. 

Carroll served as the White House Deputy Chief of Staff. He was an attorney in the Office of the White House Counsel for Presidents Donald Trump and George W. Bush.

Lee P. Brown

Lee Patrick Brown (born October 4, 1937) is an American criminologist, public administrator, politician and businessman. In 1997 he was the first African-American to be elected mayor of Houston, Texas. He was reelected twice to serve the maximum of three terms from 1998 to 2004.

From 1993 to 1996, Brown served as Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy during the Bill Clinton administration.


Barry McCaffrey

Barry Richard McCaffrey (born November 17, 1942) is a former United States Army officer and current news commentator, professor and business consultant. He served on U.S. President Bill Clinton's Cabinet as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy from 1996 to 2001. He received three Purple Heart medals during his service in the Vietnam War, two Silver Stars, and two Distinguished Service Crosses — the second-highest U.S. Army award for valor. 


John P. Walters

John P. Walters (born February 8, 1952) is an American politician. He is a former Director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP). He held that position from December 7, 2001 to January 20, 2009.

During the Reagan Administration, he served as Assistant to the Secretary at the U.S. Department of Education. He was also the Secretary's representative to the National Drug Policy Board and the Domestic Policy Council's Health Policy Working Group.

In January 2009, Walters became the Executive Vice President of the Hudson Institute.


Gil Kerlikowske

Richard Gil Kerlikowske (born November 23, 1949) is a former Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. He assumed office on March 6, 2014 and retired January 20, 2017. He also served as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy between 2009 and 2014.

Kerlikowske was not in favor of the legalization of cannabis.

In a December 9, 2010 interview with "The Nation" magazine, Kerlikowske called Nancy Reagan's "Just Say No" campaign one of the "major successes" of the War on Drugs.


Michael Botticelli

Michael P. Botticelli (born January 2, 1958) is an American public official. He served as the 7th Director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) from March 2014 until the end of President Barack Obama's term in January 2017. He was named acting director after the resignation of Gil Kerlikowske, and received confirmation from the United States Senate in February 2015.

As director of ONDCP, Botticelli has advocated to expand the usage of naloxone, improved education for providers around prescription painkillers and providing clean syringes for injection drug users to limit the spread of HIV and Hepatitis C.

Botticelli criticized America's dealing with drug issues stating that "We can't arrest and incarcerate addiction out of people", talking about the War on Drugs. He believes the focus should be on treatment rather than putting people in jail. He does support the legalization of cannabis and taxing it.

Following the end of the Obama administration, the Grayken Center for Addiction Medicine at the Boston Medical Center named Botticelli its executive director.

Botticelli and his partner have dated since 1995 and were married in 2009.


Jefferson County, West Virginia

Jefferson County is the easternmost county of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census the population was 57,701. Its county seat and largest city is Charles Town.

Jefferson County is located in a Humid subtropical climate. It has varying temperatures with an average high of 86 degrees in July, and a low of 22 degrees in January. Jefferson County receives rainfall all year, with summers being wetter that winter. It receives 20 inches of snow a year on average. Jefferson County also receives 39 inches of rain per year.

Tormentor (Slayer song)

With classic tunes of thrash metal and riffs derived from the punk trend, "Tormentor" is a 1983 single recognized as one of the most emblematic songs of the American band Slayer from their album "Show No Mercy". 

Several songs and bands have the name "Tormentor" in their names or titles. However, Slayer's "Tormentor" is one of the best known in which the word is used. The band Kreator also has a song called "Tormentor", created two years after Slayer's song.

As with other songs of the band, "Tormentor" has a dark and lugubrious tone reminiscent of the album "Killers", by Iron Maiden, where a story is told, sometimes in the first person, with a supernatural theme, Noir story, or Satanism.

The narrative is from the point of view of a murderer in search of anyone walking in the solitude of the night in order to turn them into his next victim. The killer does not want to kill too soon as he starts playing with them. The murderer likes to see how fear upsets the victim who sees the potential murderer in every shadow. They realize that their mind is playing tricks on them. This is what the murderer wants, as it will torment them (hence the name of "Tormentor", "he who torments") until, in the end, he strikes.

The Daily Star (Bangladesh)

The Daily Star is a daily English-language newspaper in Bangladesh. It has more readers in the country than any other English language newspaper. Syed Mohammed Ali started the paper on 14 January 1991.

Its motto is "Committed to People's Right to Know." The newspaper is led by Mahfuz Anam. He is a member of Mukti Bahini, He was also a United Nations official. Its main offices are in Dhaka and Chittagong.

"The Daily Star" is owned by Mediaworld. Latifur Rahman's Transcom Group owns much of it. The Transcom Group also owns "Prothom Alo". This is one of the most widely read Bengali newspapers in the world.

There is an online version of "The Daily Star". Star Showbiz is a weekly entertainment tabloid about local and international movies, music and TV. Forum was a monthly magazine, edited by Shah Husain Imam.

In 2016, editor Mahfuz Anam said that "The Daily Star" printed stories given to the newspaper by military intelligence group DGFI in 2007 and 2008. The stories Sheikh Hasina was corrupt. Hasina later became Prime Minister. Some members of parliament asked for a trial of Mahfuz Anam and "The Daily Star" publisher Latifur Rahman.

Star Showbiz

Star Showbiz is a weekly tabloid in Bangladesh. The Daily Star newspaper publishes it. It is about local and international media. This magazine is published every Saturday. Its slogan is "Your Weekly Dose of Entertainment."


Dhaka Courier

The Dhaka Courier an English-language news magazine in Bangladesh. It started in 1984, so it is the longest running English language news magazine in the country. It is about politics, international affairs, economics, travel, literature, society and the arts. The Cosmos Group owns the magazine. Amanullah Khan owns the Cosmos Group. The Dhaka Courier is connected to a large news agency in Bangladesh, United News of Bangladesh.

The editor of the magazine is Shayan S Khan. Syed Badrul Ahsan, Afsan Chowdhury and M Harunur Rashid have been editors before.


Forum (Bangladesh)

Forum was an English-language monthly news and current affairs magazine in Bangladesh. It started in 1969 when Bangladesh was East Pakistan. Hameeda Hossain and Rehman Sobhan started the magazine. Hossain is a human rights activist. Sobhan is an economist. The magazine was against the West Pakistani establishment. It was for democracy and economic reforms in the Pakistani union. The Pakistan Army shut down the magazine on 26 March 1971, during the early hours of Operation Searchlight. 

In 2006, "The Daily Star", began re-publishing the magazine every month. Shah Hussain Imam was the executive editor of the magazine. The editorial board was the original "Forum" founders Hameeda Hossain and Rehman Sobhan and Mahfuz Anam, editor and publisher of "The Daily Star", Matiur Rahman, editor and publisher of Prothom Alo, and Anisuzzaman, a professor of Bengali at the University of Dhaka. In April 2013, "Forum" published its last issue. 

Writers from across South Asia, such as Amartya Sen, Tariq Ali, Kuldip Nayar and Ahmed Rashid wrote for the magazine.



ATN News

ATN News is a 24-hour news television channel in Bangladesh. It is partner with ATN Bangla, another Bangladesh satellite TV channel.

ATN News started June 7, 2010. Mishuk Munier joined ATN News as CEO and chief editor in November 2010. He worked with the TV station until he died on August 13, 2011. Bangladeshi journalist Abed Khan became the next CEO and chief editor in 2011. He quit April 20, 2013. Dr. Mahfuzur Rahman is the chairman of ATN News. Sharker Firoz is CEO and advisor. Munni Saha is ATN's head of news.


República (Nepalese newspaper)

The República is a national daily newspaper in Nepal. Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd. in Kathmandu is the publisher. It started with an online edition on January 1, 2009 and the print edition on April 24, 2009. The "República" is a partner with the "Nagarik," a similar daily paper written in Nepali.

Ameet Dhakal was the first editor in chief of the newspape. He quit in April 2012. Kosmos Biswakarma was the next editor. Subhash Ghimire became editor in chief in October 2014. He was 28 years old. The Gyawali family owns the newspaper. They also helped start Nepal's Kantipur Publications.


Singapore Pro Wrestling

The Singapore Pro Wrestling is professional wrestling promotion based in Singapore. It also have a wrestling school for those who are keen to learn professional wrestling and become a professional wrestling in the future. It is currently one of the top wrestling promotion in Southeast Asia and have competed in an inter-promotion contests against other top Asia's promotion such as the Dragon Gate. 

https://www.cagematch.net/?id=8&nr=1139 <br>
https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/singapores-pro-wrestling-shows-pull-in-crowds <br>
https://www.spw.com.sg/

Ice planet

An ice planet is a theoretical type of exoplanet where everything is frozen. None has been found so far, but astronomers think they do exist.

They might have an icy surface of substances which are volatile on Earth, such as water, ammonia, and methane. Ice planets consist of a global cryosphere. They are bigger versions of the small icy worlds of the Solar System, like the moons Europa, Enceladus, and Triton, the dwarf planets Pluto and Eris.

Some ice worlds might have subsurface oceans, warmed by internal heat or tidal forces from another nearby body. Liquid subsurface water might provide habitable conditions for life. Microorganisms can produce nutrients using specific chemicals (chemosynthesis) that may provide food and energy for other organisms. Some planets, if conditions are right, may have strong atmospheres and surface liquids like Saturn's moon Titan, which could be habitable for exotic forms of life.


Rice flour

Rice flour is made from either white rice or brown rice. To make the flour, the husk of rice or paddy is removed. The raw rice is then ground to flour. 

Rice flour is a particularly good substitute for wheat flour, which some people believe irritates their digestive system. Rice flour is also used as a thickening agent in recipes that are refrigerated or frozen.

Many dishes are made from rice flour, including rice noodles and desserts like Japanese mochi and Filipino cascaron. Vietnamese banh canh uses rice flour and it is also used in making General Tso's chicken. In Chinese, it is called "mifen" (Chinese: 米粉; pinyin: mǐ fěn) Also it can be used in cooking, steamed, fried (fried rice noodlesChinese: 炒米粉; pinyin: chǎo mǐ fěn). Also it is used in other cuisine, such as galapong in Ilokano/Filipino, and pirinç unu in Turkish cuisine. It can also be used to make rice bread.

Brown rice flour can be combined with vermiculite for the cultivation of mushrooms. Hard cakes of colonised substrate can then be fruited in a humid container. This method is often (though not always) employed by growers of edible mushrooms. It is a very simple and low-cost method of growing mushrooms.


Ice giant

An ice giant is a huge planet made mostly of elements heavier than hydrogen and helium, such as oxygen, carbon, nitrogen, and sulfur. There are two known ice giants in the Solar System, Uranus and Neptune.

In astrophysics and planetary science the term "ice" refers to volatile chemical compounds with freezing points above about , such as water, ammonia, or methane, with freezing points of , respectively.

In the 1990s, it was realized that Uranus and Neptune are a distinct class of giant planet, different from the other giant planets, Jupiter and Saturn. They have become known as "ice giants". They were solids when the planets were stuck together during their formation. Today, little of the water in Uranus and Neptune is in the form of ice. Instead, the water is a at the temperatures and pressures inside them.

Ice giants consist of only about 20% hydrogen and helium in mass, as opposed to the Solar System's gas giants, Jupiter and Saturn, which are both more than 90% hydrogen and helium in mass.

The Yachts

Yachts were a British new wave band, best remembered for their 1978 single, "Yachting Type", and minor new wave classic, "Matanovi's Hits".

Chicago &quot;L&quot;

The Chicago "L" (short for "elevated railway") is the Chicago rapid transit system. It serves the city of Chicago and some of its surrounding suburbs in the U.S. state of Illinois. 

The "L" is operated by the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA). It is the fourth-largest rapid transit system in the United States. It is long, and the second-busiest rail mass transit system in the United States, after the New York City Subway.

Chicago's "L" has 24-hour service on some portions of its network. It is one of only five rapid transit systems in the United States to do so. The oldest sections of the Chicago "L" started operations in 1892, making it the second-oldest rapid transit system in the Americas, after New York City's elevated lines.


Chaz Jankel

Charles Jeremy Jankel (born 16 April 1952), better known as Chaz Jankel, is an English musician with a career spanning more than 40 years. He came to prominence in the late 1970s as the guitarist and keyboardist of the rock band Ian Dury and the Blockheads. With Dury, Jankel co-wrote some of the band's best-known songs including "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll", "Hit Me with Your Rhythm Stick" and "Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3".

In addition to his work with the Blockheads, Jankel has had a solo career which has resulted in nine studio albums. He has a long list of credits as both a performer and as songwriter.

English Chess Federation

The English Chess Federation (ECF) is the governing chess organisation in England and is affiliated to FIDE. The ECF was formed in 2004, and took charge in 2005. It replaced the British Chess Federation (BCF), the governing body of chess in England from 1904 until 2005. 

It was suggested that the BCF should change its name because only England came under its jurisdiction. It did not administer chess in the other countries of the UK. The BCF did have a British dimension, since it ran the British Chess Championship. This is one of two important tournaments held each year in Britain (the other is the annual international tournament at Hastings).

From the 1990s there was a campaign for the BCF to become a company limited by guarantee, to bid for more sponsorship money.

At the start of the 2005/6 season the English Chess Federation was created, inheriting the BCF's assets and personnel. The former BCF still exists for legacy purposes, but its website was inherited by the ECF. The Scottish and Welsh Federations hold their own championships every year as they did before. Therefore the change does not make much difference to most players.

The situation in Ireland is more complicated. The Irish Chess Union since 1912 was the governing body for both the Republic and Northern Ireland. In 2005 the Ulster Chess Union broke away from the Irish Chess Union. These two groups were part of the original British Chess Federation, but are not in any way connected to the new English Chess Federation. All groups except the Ulster Chess Union are members of the International Chess Federation FIDE, and the European Chess Union.

Ancient Beringian

The Ancient Beringians are the earliest known population of North America. They migrated from Beringia into Alaska  sometime before 11,500 years ago. They separated from other Paleo-Indians about 20,000 years ago. The discovery of an "Ancient Beringian" genome from the remains of two infants dated to 11,500 years ago was announced in January 2018.
The Ancient Beringians remained in the Arctic until they either became extinct or amalgamated with the Dene about five to six thousand years ago.

The Ancient Beringian were hunter-gatherers.  They ate wild plants and wild animals. Some of the animals they ate were salmon, ptarmigan, and ground squirrels.

Windows 3.1x

Windows 3.1 (codenamed Janus) is a series of 16-bit operating environments produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers. The series began with Windows 3.1, which was first sold during April 1992 as a successor to Windows 3.0. Subsequent versions were released between 1992 and 1994 until the series was superseded by Windows 95. During its lifespan, Windows 3.1 introduced several enhancements to the still MS-DOS-based platform, including improved system stability, expanded support for multimedia, TrueType fonts, and workgroup networking.

Windows 3.1 was originally released on April 6, 1992; official support for Windows 3.1 ended on December 31, 2001, and OEM licensing for Windows for Workgroups 3.11 on embedded systems continued to be available until November 1, 2008.

Windows 3.1 is the final version of Windows that supports 16-bit processors. Its successor, Windows 95, requires a 32-bit processor (also known as x86-based processor) in any supported architecture.

In November 1992, Microsoft released two versions of Windows for Workgroups: 3.1 and 3.11. 
In 1993, Microsoft released Windows 3.2, although only released in China and only fixed issues with the input system for simplified chinese.

On September 27, 1993, Microsoft released Windows NT 3.1. It was the first Windows NT version. It has better programming and more features. Windows NT is not a true update to Windows 3.1 as it does not share any kernel code with Windows 3.1. Instead it is based on the new 32-bit Windows NT kernel.

 

Oleg Anofriyev

Oleg Andreyevich Anofriyev (sometimes spelled Oleg Anofriev, ; 20 July 1930 – 28 March 2018), People's Artist of Russia (PAR), was a Soviet and Russian actor, singer, songwriter, movie director and poet. He was born in Gelendzhik. He graduated from Moscow Art Theatre in 1954.

He was known for his voice role in the 1969 animated movie "The Bremen Town Musicians".

Anofriyev died on 28 March 2018 in Moscow at the age of 87.


Tony Cucchiara

Tony Cucchiara, stage name of Salvatore Cucchiara (30 October 1937 – 3 May 2018) was an Italian folk singer-songwriter, playwright and composer. In 1970 Cucchiara debuted as a playwright with a musical titled "Cassandra 2000". His first hit was the song " Annalisa", named after Cucchiara's first daughter. This song was used as closing theme of the RAI variety show "Alta pressione".

Cucchiara died in Rome on 3 May 2018 at the age of 80.

Khorramshahr

Khorramshahr () is a port city in the south of Iran. It is on the northern tip of the Persian Gulf, on the Karun river.

Bill Torrey

William Arthur Torrey (June 23, 1934 – May 2, 2018) was a Canadian hockey executive. He served as a general manager in the National Hockey League for the Oakland Seals, New York Islanders, and Florida Panthers. He owned the Islands when they won four Stanley Cups. He was often known as "The Architect," and "Bow-Tie" Bill, after the signature bow tie he always wore.

Torrey was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1995.

Torrey died at his home in West Palm Beach, Florida, on the evening of May 2, 2018, aged 83.

Afonso Dhlakama

Afonso Marceta Macacho Dhlakama (1 January 1953 – 3 May 2018) was a Mozambican politician. He was the leader of RENAMO, an anti-communist guerrilla movement from 1979 to 2018. He fought the FRELIMO government in the Mozambican Civil War before signing a peace agreement. Dhlakama became the opposition leader in the early 1990s. Dhlakama was born in Muxúngue, Sofala Province.

Dhlakama died on 3 May 2018 in Muxúngue of a heart attack at the age of 65.


Khuzestan province

Khuzestan province is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. It is in the southwest of the country and borders on Iraq and the Persian Gulf. The capital city is Ahvaz. It was the location of the ancient city of Susa in the Persian Empire. The province is majority Arab with a significant Persian minority.

Transport in Singapore

Transport within Singapore is mainly land-based. Many parts of Singapore, including certain islands such as Sentosa and Jurong Island are accessible by road. The other major form of transportation within Singapore is rail: the Mass Rapid Transit which runs the length and width of Singapore, and the Light Rail Transit which runs within a few neighbourhoods. The main island of Singapore is connected to the other islands by ferryboat services.

Singapore also has a great deal of links to the rest of the world. There are two bridges which link Singapore to Malaysia – the Causeway, and the Second Link. The Singapore Changi Airport is a major aviation hub in Asia, and Singapore is a major transshipment port.

Singapore has one of the best public transport networks in the world, according to a study by London consulting firm Credo. Public transport includes bus, train, and taxi.

The public transport system is regulated by the Land Transport Authority, which oversees the three main modes of public transportation. Fare regulation and bus service standards are under the purview of an independent body, the Public Transport Council, while TransitLink, established by SBS Transit, SMRT Trains and SMRT Buses, helps to create an integrated multi-modal system with a common fare-payment mode, information platform, and a physical network without duplication of services.

The policies of the Land Transport Authority are meant to encourage the use of public transport in Singapore. The key aims are to provide an incentive to reside away from the Central district, as well as to reduce air pollution. Singapore has a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) and Light Rail Transit (LRT) rail system consisting of five lines. There is also a system of bus routes throughout the island, most of which have air conditioning units installed due to Singapore's tropical climate. Besides cash, a contactless smart card called the EZ-Link card can be used to pay bus and MRT fares.

The average amount of time people spend commuting with public transit in Singapore, for example to and from work, on a weekday is 84 min. 25% of public transit riders, ride for more than 2 hours every day. The average amount of time people wait at a stop or station for public transit is 12 min, while 11% of riders wait for over 20 minutes on average every day. The average distance people usually ride in a single trip with public transit is 7.3 km, while 16% travel for over 12 km in a single direction.

Launched in December 2007 by Land Transport Authority, Singapore Tourism Board and EZ-Link, the Singapore Tourist Pass offers unlimited travel for tourists to Singapore on Singapore's public transport system. For S$10 a day (S$20 for 3 days, as of April 2017) and with S$10 deposit, tourists can take any number of rides on buses and trains operated by SBS Transit, SMRT Buses and SMRT Trains. Certain buses like Night Rider, train service like Sentosa Express are not applicable. The Singapore Tourist Pass is available at selected MRT stations.

Singapore's public transport system has been mostly buses, until the opening of the first section of the Mass Rapid Transit in 1987. Although buses still enjoy an average daily ridership exceeding the number carried on both the MRT and LRT systems (3.9 million on buses, compared to 3.1 million on the MRT and LRT in the year 2016), the Land Transport Authority plans to expand the rail system such that buses will eventually play only a feeder role to an extensive rail network.

The current MRT network consists of five main lines, for a total network length of and with 119 stations. The North South Line, East West Line and Circle Line are operated by SMRT Trains (SMRT Corporation), while the North East Line and Downtown Line since 22 December 2013, are run by SBS Transit. The Circle Line Extension from Promenade to Marina Bay began operation since 14 January 2012.

Light rail transit functioning as feeders to the main MRT network has been under study for some time, particularly since the existing urban configuration of self-containing new towns spread out in the suburbs meant it was feasible to consider having light rail systems connecting each town to the MRT station in the town centre, a role which has traditionally been provided by feeder buses. Thus, the first SMRT Light Rail (SMRT Corporation) operated LRT was opened in Bukit Panjang in 1999 to provide a connection to Choa Chu Kang in neighbouring Choa Chu Kang New Town. Although subsequently hit by over 50 incidents, some of which resulted in several days of system suspension, similar systems albeit from a different company were introduced in Sengkang and Punggol in 2003 and 2005 respectively, both operated by SBS Transit.

Singapore has had other various forms of light urban rail systems, such as the monorail system on Sentosa island, which opened in February 1982. This 6.4 km, 6-station system was closed in March 2005 and a new Sentosa Express system was built by December 2006. The Changi Skytrain, a people mover system shuttling passengers between the three terminals at the Singapore Changi Airport, was opened originally in 1990 along with Terminal 2 and upgraded in 2006 with the completion of Terminal 3. The Jurong BirdPark previously featured an air-conditioned panorail which closed in 2012.

Taxicabs are a popular form of public transport in the compact sovereign city-state of Singapore, with fares considered relatively low compared to those in most cities in developed countries. As of December 2014, the total taxi fleet in Singapore was 28,736 taxis, operated by 6 taxi companies and 178 independent drivers. Taxis may be flagged down at any time of the day along any public road outside of the Central Business District (CBD). However, increased usage of Uber and Grab has resulted in a decrease in the usage of taxis.

There are six local scheduled service airlines, all of them operating from Singapore Changi Airport, offering scheduled flights to over 70 cities on six continents. The national flag carrier, Singapore Airlines, operates from Changi Airport Terminal 2 and 3. Its subsidiaries, SilkAir and Scoot, operate from Changi Airport Terminal 2.

Singapore's two budget airlines, Jetstar Asia Airways and Valuair, operate from Changi Airport Terminal 1. Only one budget airline, Tiger Airways, chose to operate at the Budget Terminal; other budget airlines have cited various reasons for not shifting operations to the Budget Terminal, including accessibility and ease of transfers to connecting flights.

There are 6 airlines operate from Singapore. these are 


The Singapore Cable Car, plies between Mount Faber on the main island of Singapore and the resort island of Sentosa as an alternative means of accessing that tourist attraction. The cable car system underwent a revamp that was completed in August 2010.

Water transport within the main island is limited to the River Taxi along the Singapore River. The service was introduced in January 2013, with low ridership. There are also daily scheduled ferry services from the Marina South Pier to the Southern Islands such as Kusu Island and Saint John's Island.

Singapore Cruise Centre (SCC) runs Tanah Merah and HarbourFront Ferry Terminals which are connected by ferry services to Indonesian Riau Islands of Batam, Bintan and Karimun. Commercial ferry services are available for booking with SCC's subsidiary SCC Travel Services which operates wowgetaways.com portal

Singapore aims to be Asia's aviation hub chiefly via the promotion of liberal aviation policies in a bid to encourage airlines to commence and maintain operations there. The aviation industry is regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore, a statutory board of the Singapore government under the Ministry of Transport.

An open skies agreement was concluded with the United Kingdom in October 2007 permitting unrestricted services from Singapore by UK carriers. Singapore carriers were allowed to operate domestic UK services as well as services beyond London Heathrow to a number of destinations, including the United States along with Canada.

Singapore Changi Airport, with its four terminals, is one of the most important air hubs in the region. The international airport is situated at the easternmost tip of the main island, and serves 185 cities in 58 countries. With the recent opening of the third terminal, Changi is now capable of handling 64 million passengers every year.

Seletar Airport is Singapore's first civil aviation airport and is primarily used for private aviation today. The airport also serves limited scheduled commercial flights by Berjaya Air to the Malaysian islands of Tioman Island and Redang Island.

There are boats and ferry services to nearby islands of Malaysia and Indonesia. These services can be found at Changi Ferry Terminal, Changi Point Ferry Terminal, Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal, Singapore Cruise Centre and Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore.

The Port of Singapore, run by the port operators PSA International (formerly the Port of Singapore Authority) and Jurong Port, is the world's busiest in terms of shipping tonnage handled 1.04 billion gross tons were handled in the year 2004, crossing the one billion mark for the first time in Singapore's maritime history. Singapore also emerged as the top port in terms of cargo tonnage handled with 393 million tonnes of cargo in the same year, beating the Port of Rotterdam for the first time in the process. In 2006, it handled a total of 448 million tonnes of cargo.

Singapore is ranked second globally in terms of containerised traffic, with 21.3 million Twenty-Foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) handled in 2004, and is also the world's busiest hub for transshipment traffic. Additionally, Singapore is the world's largest bunkering hub, with 23.6 million tonnes sold in 2004.

In 2007, the Port of Singapore was ranked the world's busiest port, surpassing Hong Kong and Shanghai. The Port of Singapore is also ranked the Best Seaport in Asia.

The international railway line to Malaysia is an extension of the Malaysian rail network operated by Keretapi Tanah Melayu (Malayan Railways). Since 1 July 2011, Woodlands Train Checkpoint serves as the southern terminus of the KTM rail network. Previously, KTM trains terminated at Tanjong Pagar railway station in central Singapore. Two more rail links are being planned: the Kuala Lumpur-Singapore High Speed Rail terminating in Jurong East, and the Johor Bahru-Singapore Rapid Transit System between Woodlands North and Bukit Chagar, Johor Bahru.

MRT trains run through tunnels and viaducts along the following lines:


LRT trains run on viaducts along the following lines:


Singapore has two land links to Malaysia. The Johor-Singapore Causeway, built in the 1920s to connect Johor Bahru in Johor, Malaysia to Woodlands in Singapore, carries a road and a railway line. The Tuas Second Link, a bridge further west, was completed in 1996 and links Tuas in Singapore to Tanjung Kupang in Johor.

Singapore pioneered the modern use of toll roads to enter the most congested city centre area with the Singapore Area Licensing Scheme, which has since been replaced with the Electronic Road Pricing, a form of electronic toll collection.


Traffic drives on the left which is typical in Commonwealth countries.


The influence of expressways on Singapore's transport policy developed shortly after independence during the history of Singapore because of frequent traffic congestion in the Central district. The aim was to encourage residential development in other parts of the island and give residents in these new "satellite towns" a convenient link between their homes and their workplaces (which were mostly situated around the city centre.)


Isabela Garcia

Isabela Garcia Costa (born June 11, 1967 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress.

Because of her incredible resemblance to Shirley Temple in her childhood years, Garcia was evidently destined to be an actress. At just four years she made her debut in a telenovela. In 1976 it appeared for the first time on the big screen. 1980 was the year of the debut of Isabela, in the telenovela "Água Viva", where she played Maria Helena, the tender orphan girl of a mother who enters the lives of all the characters of the story. Garcia was the daughter of a radio actor.

In 1986 she was in the cast of "Anos Dourados" and "Roda de Fogo". In "Bebê a Bordo", Isabela played the lead, Ana. The novel was a great success and the actress was the highlight of the year 1988. In the following novels, "O Sexo dos Anjos" (1989) and "Lua Cheia de Amor" (1990), Isabela played leading paerts.

In 1993, she played the villain Lúcia Guerra in "Sonho Meu". In the miniseries "Labirinto", 1998, her character was the fun Yoyô socialite. In 2003, Isabela returned to be in evidence with the character Eliete, of "Celebridade".

In 2007, Isabela won the Friends of Best Supporting Actress Award for her performance in the novel "Paraíso Tropical". In 2012 he acted in "Lado a Lado". 

Isabela is the daughter of Dirce Prieto and of the radioactor Gilberto Garcia, who died in 1996. She has three brothers Gilberto, Ricardo and Rosana Garcia, actress, performer of the famous Narizinho of "Sítio do Picapau Amarelo".

She has four children.

Signs of Life (1968 movie)

Signs of Life () is a 1968 movie. Werner Herzog wrote, directed, and produced it. It was his first feature movie. The story of the movie is based on the short story "Der Tolle Invalide auf dem Fort Ratonneau" by Achim von Arnim. The movie won a German Film Award.

Plastic pollution

Plastic pollution is when there is a lot of plastic in the environment and it negatively affects animals, animal habitats or people. Many things are made of plastic because it is inexpensive and durable. Most plastics will not biodegrade, so they stay in the environment for a long time. That results in a lot of plastic pollution in the environment. They are the Shanghai Sharks, 

L
Hans Scholl

Hans Fritz Scholl (22 September 1918 Crailsheim Germany 22 February 1943 Munich) was the leader of the White Rose Resistance group. Along with Alexander Schmorell, Christoph Probst, Willi Graf, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber, Hans wrote and distributed six different leaflets criticizing Hitler and Hitler Germany. On February 18, 1943, Hans was captured by the Gestapo. After four days of interrogation, he was executed by guillotine on February 22, 1943.

Hans Scholl was the son of the mayor Robert Scholl (1891-1973) and his wife Magdalene Scholl (1881-1958). His siblings were Inge Scholl, Elizabeth Scholl, Sophie Scholl, and Werner Scholl. The family moved Forchtenberg in 1929. When Hitler came into power, Hans and his siblings joined the Hitler Youth against the wishes of his parents, who were devout Christians and did not approve of the course Hitler was taking with the formerly illustrious country.

the turning point came for Hans when he was the flag bearer for a Hitler youth rally. This was a great honor, but when Hans came back from the rally, instead of being elated and happy, he came home depressed. He later explained that he had seen that freedom of expression wasn’t allowed or accepted in Hitler’s Germany. Instead, public conformity was the law. Whether or not this caused him to begin to innerly revolt against Hitler, he was even more inspired to revolt in 1937 when he was captured for being part of an illicit anti nazi christian group known as d.j.1.11. He was held in prison for six weeks. At his trial, he was accused of being part of the Christian Youth Group and also of having a homosexual relationship. he was set free for both offenses, but this persecution left a lasting impact on him. 

After graduation from the high school he did work service in Göppingen. In November he began to military service in Bad Cannstatt. In 1938 after ending military training Hans began studying medicine placement. In May 1940 he was a paramedic in France. 

In 1942, Hans, along with his good friend Alexander Schmorell, started an Anti-Nazi resistance group. Calling themselves The White Rose (and later, The Resistance Movement in Germany), the two young men wrote leaflets denouncing the state of Nazi Germany and calling for passive resistance. They then mailed the leaflets to officials and intellectuals around Munich. The first four leaflets were written from June 1942-July 1942. In July 1942, Hans and Alexander (as well as their good friend Willi Graf) received notice that they were being deployed to Russia for a three month stint as medics. They left Munich on July 23, 1942. During there three months there, the young men saw horrifying things, including the Warsaw Ghetto. What they saw inspired them to step up their leaflet game. When they returned to Munich, Hans and Alexander, as well as Willi Graf, Christoph Probst, and Sophie Scholl, began to step up their efforts. They were soon joined by Sophie’s philosophy teacher Kurt Huber. Together, these six individuals made up the core of the White Rose Resistance. In January 1943, the fifth leaflet was released. While the other pamphlets had only about a hundred distributed, about 10,000 copies were made of the fifth leaflet, which was distributed all around Germany by the members, who braved trains swarming with Gestapo to post their letters from different places in Germany. 

On February 3, inspired by a student protest against Hitler, Hans, Willi and Alexander went out in the middle of the night to graffiti Munich with slogans such as “Down with Hitler,” “Hitler the mass murderer”, and “Freedom!” They repeated these graffiti campaigns on February 8 and February 15. 

On February 9, Kurt Huber gave Hans his draft for the sixth pamphlet. Hans agreed with most of the pamphlet, but decided to remove a section against Huber’s wishes. This infuriated Huber, who left the encounter angry and upset. He never saw Hans again.

On the morning of February 18, Hans and Sophie snuck into the University while classes were going. Spreading leaflets in the halls, they began to leave the university when Sophie realized she still had more leaflets in her briefcase. Hurrying up to the top floor of the University, they began to distribute the remaining leaflets. They were still up there when the bell signaling the end of classes rang. Panicked, Sophie grabbed the last stack of flyers and threw them over the balcony and into the "Lichtlof", or indoor atrium. This action was noticed by Jakob Schmid, who was a custodian working in the atrium as the papers fell. Schmid, who was also a Nazi Party Member, locked the exit doors and alerted the Gestapo, who came and arrested Sophie and Hans. For four days Hans was interrogated. At first he denied everything, but when he realized that denying was pointless he changed his story, taking all of the blame in order to protect the other members who hadn’t been captured yet. Unfortunately, Hans had had a leaflet draft written by Christoph on his person when he was arrested. Christoph, who had bowed off the group due to being married with three children, was captured on February 20. On February 22, Hans, Sophie and Christoph were tried by Roland Freisler, a hard judge known as the “hanging judge” for sentencing up to 90% of the accused to death. The verdict was as expected as it was sad: death by guillotine. Hans and the others were hustled off to prison, where they learned the shocking news that the execution was to take place that same day. Hans and Sophie were able to see their parents before they died.

at around 5 pm, the guards came for Sophie, who was the first to be executed. A few minutes later, the guards came back for Hans. As the ax fell he yelled, “Es leibe die Freiheit!” (Let freedom live!)

Today, the White Rose group, and particularly the Scholl siblings, are commonly know in Germany. Between them, Sophie and Hans have about 200 schools and public institutions named after them in Germany.

Three movies have been made about the White Rose:

"Fünf Letzten Tage (Five Final Days), 1982"

"Die Weiße Rose (The White Rose), 1982"

"Sophie Scholl, Die Letzten Tage (Sophie Scholl, the Final Days), 2005"

Ernst Heinrich Weber

Ernst Heinrich Weber (24 June 1795 – 26 January 1878) was a German physician. He was one of the founders of experimental psychology. Weber was an influential and important figure in the areas of physiology and psychology during his lifetime and beyond. His studies on sensation and touch, and his emphasis on good experimental techniques were notable. They gave new direction and areas of study to future psychologists, physiologists, and anatomists.

Weber was born into an academic background, with his father serving as a professor at the University of Wittenberg. Weber became a doctor, specializing in anatomy and physiology. Two of his younger brothers, Wilhelm and Eduard, were also influential in academia, both as scientists. One did physics and the other anatomy. Ernst became a lecturer and a professor at the University of Leipzig and stayed there until his retirement.

Tarte Tatin

The Tarte Tatin is called after the hotel which served it as its signature dish. 

It is an upside-down pastry. The fruit (usually apples) are caramelized in butter and sugar before the tart is baked. 

It originated in France but has spread to other countries over the years.

Flatboat

A flatboat is a rectangular flat-bottomed boat with square ends used to transport freight and passengers on inland waterways. The flatboat could be any size, but essentially it is large, sturdy tub with a hull.

A flatboat is almost always a one-way vessel, and is usually dismantled for lumber when it reaches its downstream destination.

Pierre-Louis Maupertuis

Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis (; ; 1698 – 27 July 1759) was a French mathematician, philosopher and man of letters. He became the Director of the Académie des Sciences, and the first President of the Prussian Academy of Science, at the invitation of Frederick the Great.

Maupertuis made an expedition to Lapland to determine the shape of the Earth. He is often credited with having invented the principle of least action; a version is known as Maupertuis's principle – an integral equation that determines the path followed by a physical system. His work in natural history is interesting in relation to modern science, since he touched on aspects of heredity and the struggle for life.

Matthew Webb

Captain Matthew Webb (19 January 1848 – 24 July 1883) was the first recorded person to swim the English Channel without the use of artificial aids for sport purpose. On 25 August 1875, Webb swam from Dover to Calais in less than 22 hours. Webb attempet to swim the Niagra River on August 24, 1883 but died near the entrance to the whirlpool.

Magnosaurus

Magnosaurus (meaning 'large lizard') was a theropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of England. The main species, "Magnosaurus nethercombensis" has poorly preserved remains. It has often been confused with or included in "Megalosaurus".

In 1923, German paleontologist Friedrich von Huene named "Megalosaurus nethercombensis" from a partial skeleton. It was found in the nineteenth century by W. Parker in Dorset. Fossils came from a possible juvenile individual. Huene interpreted it as a more primitive species of "Megalosaurus".

The remains are just a few fragments. Details of its anatomical features are unknown. It would have been a bipedal carnivore of moderate size for a dinosaur. 

CGP Grey

CGP Grey is an American-Irish podcaster and educational YouTuber. He created the podcast Hello Internet with educational YouTuber Brady Haran. Since 2015, he has also hosted the audio podcast Cortex with Myke Hurley of Relay FM. In addition to podcast production, Grey is known for posting on YouTube under the channel CGP Grey. His YouTube channel mainly features short explanatory videos on varying subjects, including politics, geography, economics, history, culture, and death. The channel's most popular video is an explanation of the terminology of the British Isles. Grey's videos have been covered by several publications, including Business Insider and The Washington Post.

Chuandongocoelurus

Chuandongocoelurus is a tetanuran theropod dinosaur from the Jurassic of China.

The type species "Chuandongocoelurus primitivus" was first described and named by Chinese paleontologist He Xinlu in 1984.

"Chuandongocoelurus" was based on two partial skeletons. The holotype, a thighbone, is part of specimen CCG 20010. Vertebrae, pelvic bones and hindlimb elements, also catalogued under this inventory number, may belong to the same individual. "Chaundongocoelurus" was a close relative of "Elaphrosaurus"

The thighbone of "C. primitivus" has a length of 20.1 cm.


Wolfgang Völz

Wolfgang Otto Völz (16 August 1930 – 2 May 2018) was a German actor. He was born in Free City of Danzig.

He was known for his roles in theatre plays, television shows, feature movies (especially German movies based on Edgar Wallace works) and taped radio shows. He was also a very prolific voice actor.

He dubbed American stars such as Walter Matthau, Peter Falk and Mel Brooks and people or animals in animated movies like "Impy's Island".

Völz died at his home in Berlin at the age of 87.

Poekilopleuron

Poekilopleuron (meaning "varied ribs") is a megalosauroid dinosaur. The genus has been used under many different spelling variants, although only one, "Poekilopleuron", is valid. The type species is "P. bucklandii" (see also "Megalosaurus"), named after William Buckland, and many junior synonyms of it have also been erected. Few material is currently known, as the holotype was destroyed in World War II, although many casts of the material still exist.

"Poekilopleuron" is a genus of theropod with a long and complex history. The genus was first named and described by Jacques-Amand Eudes-Deslongchamps in a report published in 1836, based on holotype material that is now destroyed. In 1837, Eudes-Deslongchamps published a more detailed account of this discovery in a monograph which was also inserted next year in volume 6 of the "Mémoires de la Société Linnéenne Normandie".

The holotype, which was housed in Musée de la Faculté des Sciences de Caen and destroyed during World War II, included gastralia, phalanges, a left forelimb, caudal vertebrae, chevrons, ribs and a hindlimb. Of all the material, few is still preserved, although the gastralia, phalanges and forelimb were casted.

In the same 1836 publication, Eudes-Deslongchamps also named the type species of "Poekilopleuron", "P. bucklandii". Eudes-Deslongchapms noted similarities with some material of "Megalosaurus bucklandii" and "Poekilopleuron", and chose the species name "bucklandii" for "Poekilopleuron", so that it the two genera were synonymized, only the genus name would be suppressed. The generic name is derived from Greek ποίκιλος, "poikilos", "varied", and πλευρών, "pleuron", "rib", a reference to the three types of rib present. The specific name, honouring William Buckland, was deliberately identical to that of "Megalosaurus bucklandii".

Donald McHenry

Donald Franchot McHenry (born October 13, 1936) is a former American diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations from September 1979 until January 20, 1981.

McHenry was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and grew up across the river in East St. Louis, Illinois.

In September 1979, McHenry was appointed Ambassador and U.S. Permanent Representative to the U.N. by President Jimmy Carter.

He has been a director of The Coca-Cola Company since 1981, as well as a former director of AT&T Corporation and International Paper.

Herman Krebbers

Herman Krebbers (18 June 1923 – 2 May 2018) was a Dutch violinist. He was born in Hengelo, Overijssel. In 1943 the 19-year-old violinist debuted with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and eventually became the Orchestra's Concertmaster in 1962. In parallel he led a career as a soloist and a chamber musician. 

Reece Thompson

Reece Daniel Thompson (born November 22, 1988) is a Canadian actor and voice actor. Thompson started his acting career as a child actor by voice acting in several animated television series and minor roles on television shows before transitioning to movies. In 1997 he had the minor role of Irish Little Boy playing opposite Jenette Goldstein in the academy award-winning movie Titanic. His first major role came in the 2007 movie "Rocket Science". Thompson appeared in 2009's "Assassination of a High School President" with Mischa Barton and Bruce Willis, and in "Afterwards". Also in 2012, he appeared as Craig in "The Perks of Being a Wallflower".

Thompson grew up in White Rock, British Columbia, Canada, a small town near Vancouver. His mother ran a film society that brought independent movies to town. Thompson had always expressed an interest in becoming an actor to his parents; and at a young age, Thompson, along with the rest of his family, began taking background roles in productions in Vancouver.

After the sixth grade, Thompson decided that he didn't want to continue going to school and convinced his mother to homeschool him. Soon after Thompson began attending an acting school. Thompson signed with an agent he was introduced to through the school and began attending auditions.

Thompson currently lives part-time in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The other half of his time is spent living in Los Angeles, California in the United States. He is a co-founder of the online comedy group "Jitterbug Productions".

Abi Ofarim

Abi Ofarim, born Avraham Reichstadt (5 October 1937 – 4 May 2018) was an Israeli singer, musician and dancer. He was born in Safed, Mandatory Palestine. In 1961, he married Esther Ofarim, his musical duo. Their greatest success in Germany came the next year with "Morning of my Life", written by the Bee Gees. In 1968 "Cinderella Rockefella" hit the top of the charts in a number of countries including the UK.

Ofarim died on 4 May 2018 at the age of 80.

Henryk Skolimowski

Henryk Skolimowski (4 May 1930 – 6 April 2018) is a Polish philosopher. He completed technical studies, musicology and philosophy in Warsaw. He received his Ph.D. in philosophy from Oxford University. He was born in Warsaw. uring decades of travel and involvement with leading thinkers across the globe, Skolimowski has become familiar a great variety of cultures, and has included winning precepts from them into his works.

In the years 1992-1997 Skolimowski held the position of Chair of Eco-Philosophy at Technical University of Lodz, the first such position of its kind in the world.

Skolimowski died on 6 April 2018 in Warsaw at the age of 87.


Eric Koch

Eric Otto Koch (31 August 1919 – 28 April 2018) was a German-born Canadian author, broadcaster and academic.

He retired from the broadcaster in 1979 in order to focus on writing books and teaching at York University where he was a course director in the Social Science Division and taught a course on The Politics of Canadian Broadcasting for 18 years.

He published his first novel at the age of 60, Koch is the author of 13 books of fiction.


Geneviève Claisse

Geneviève Claisse (17 July 1935, in Quiévy – 30 April 2018, in Dreux) was a French geometrical abstract painter. Her first personal exhibits in the Galerie Caille in Cambrai and Galerie Hybler in Paris in 1958. Her arts were displayed at museums in Oslo and Paris.


Anatole Katok

Anatole Borisovich Katok (; August 9, 1944 – April 30, 2018) was an Russian-American mathematician. Katok was the Director of the Center for Dynamics and Geometry at the Pennsylvania State University.
His field of research was the theory of dynamical systems.


John Treacher

Admiral Sir John Devereux Treacher (23 September 1924 – 30 April 2018) was a British naval officer. He served as Commander-in-Chief Fleet from 1975 to 1977.

In retirement he became Chief Executive of National Car Parks. He was also Deputy Chairman of Westland Group and a Director of Meggitt. He was named chairman of London's Playboy Club in an attempt to secure a gambling license that had been denied over concerns regarding his predecessor.

Treacher died on 30 April 2018 at the age of 93.

William Reynolds (actor)

William de Clerq Reynolds (December 9, 1931 – August 24, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his movie roles in the 1950s and his television roles in the 1960s and 1970s. He was known for his the title role in "Pete Kelly's Blues".

Reynolds caught his big break co-starring with Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., in another ABC series, the long-running "The F.B.I.". Reynolds first made guest appearances in seasons one and two in 1966, before he appeared as series regular Special Agent Tom Colby from 1967 to 1973.

Reynolds died on August 24, 2022 from pneumonia in Wildomar, California at the age of 90.


Danville, Pennsylvania

Danville is a borough in and the county seat of Montour County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is along the North Branch of the Susquehanna River. Danville was home to 8,042 people in 1900, 7,517 people in 1910, and 7,122 people in 1940. The population was 4,239 at the 2020 census.


Ignacio Zaragoza

Ignacio Zaragoza Seguín (; March 24, 1829 – September 8, 1862) was a Mexican general and politician. He led the Mexican army that defeated invading French forces at the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862 (mostly celebrated in the United States as "Cinco de Mayo").

Shortly after his famous victory, Zaragoza was struck with typhoid fever, of which he died at the age of 33. He was buried in San Fernando Cemetery in Mexico City.


Shazam! (movie)

Shazam! is an American superhero movie that was released in 2019. It is based on the DC Comics character of the same name and is the seventh movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The movie was directed by David F. Sandberg.

It stars Asher Angel as Billy Batson, a teenage boy who can transform via the magic word "Shazam" into an adult superhero, played by Zachary Levi. Mark Strong, Grace Fulton, Jack Dylan Grazer and his fianceè Harmony Dylan Grazer, Ian Chen, Jovan Armand, Faithe Herman, and Djimon Hounsou also appear in the movie as supporting characters.

The movie was released by New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. Pictures in RealD 3D and IMAX 3D on April 5, 2019.

In 1975, the wizard Shazam takes a young child named Thaddeus Sivana to an alternate universe to make him his champion against the Seven Deadly Sins. Sivana is tempted by sin and the Wizard tells him he will never be good enough. Shazam then sends him back to the world to the very moment that he left. Sivana panics and his father accidentally crashes his car and permanently breaks his legs. Sivana's brother blames him for what happened and hates him ever since. Sivana later becomes a doctor and pays for an experiment to reverse engineer what happened to him that way he could enter Shazam's world and fight Shazam. Dr Sivana then strikes a deal with the Seven Deadly Sins to become a supervillain in exchange for power. Dr. Sivana then kills his father and brother. 

In the present, Billy Batson is taken in by a new family after having repeatedly run away from foster homes to try to find his mother who was accidentally separated from him at a carnival when he was a young child. Billy meets his new foster brother Freddie who knows everything there is to know about superheroes and who walks with a crutch. Billy finds Freddie annoying. He then sees two bullies beat Freddie up with his crutch and does nothing until they make fun of Freddie for not having a mother. Billy then attacks and beats Freddie's bullies. Billy then runs away and gets onto a train. The wizard Shazam then appears to Billy and tells him that he is worthy of his power. The wizard tells him to say the name Shazam and transform into a superhero with his powers. Billy says Shazam and transforms into an adult superhero. Billy then reaches out to Freddie to find out how to be a superhero and transforms back by saying Shazam. Billy becomes arrogant because of his power and so he chooses not to transform into his superhero form and visit Freddie as his hero at the school’s next lunch like Freddie had said he would. When no superhero showed up, they gave Freddie a suitcase wedgie. Freddie then came to Billy while Billy was in his superhero form during a public appearance and tells him he only cares about himself. Dr. Sivana then comes and attacks Billy. Billy tries and fails to fight Dr.Sivana and he transforms back into a teenager by saying Shazam so that he can escape. Dr. Sivana attacks Freddie and threatens to kill him if he doesn’t tell him where Billy lives. Freddie tells him. Dr. Sivana then kidnaps Billy’s foster family to get Billy to come to their rescue. Billy strikes a deal with Dr.Sivana to give up his powers in exchange for his foster family but instead of giving Dr. Sivana his power he gives his powers to his family by having them say Shazam. Dr.Sivana has six of the Seven Deadly Sins try to fight against Billy and his family but they are defeated. Billy then manages to trick the Sin of Envy to leave Dr. Sivana and fight Billy himself. 
After Billy wins Dr. Sivana is left without power and is captured and imprisoned. Billy in his superhero form then visits Freddie at his cafeteria lunch and brings Superman with him. 

In a scene after the credits, a talking caterpillar visits Dr. Sivana in prison and tells him they can help each other.


The film also features John Glover as Thaddeus Sivana's estranged father of and CEO of Sivana Industries. Glover had starred in other DC Comics series and films: "", "The New Batman Adventures", and "" as The Riddler; Dr. Jason Woodrue in the 1997 film "Batman and Robin"; and Lionel Luthor in "Smallville". Natalia Safran was cast as Thaddeus' mother, though her scenes were cut from the film. Caroline Palmer portrays Marilyn Batson, Billy's biological mother. Wayne Ward and Landon Doak portray Sid Sivana, Thaddeus' bullying brother as an adult and a teenager, respectively. Carson MacCormac and Evan Marsh portray Brett and Burke Breyer, bullies at the children's school.

Director David F. Sandberg makes cameo appearances performing as each of the three Crocodile-Men (collaboratively assisted by Steve Newburn and Ned Morill), and provides the voice of the alien lifeform Mister Mind during a mid-credits sequence. Sandberg's wife, actress Lotta Losten, portrays Dr. Lynn Crosby; a researcher working with Dr. Sivana, who is killed by him. Sound designer Bill R. Dean has an uncredited cameo, providing the voice for a Batman toy, while Ryan Hadley, Zachary Levi's stunt double, appears uncredited as a stand-in body double for Superman. Hadley's appearance is a silent cameo, where the character is only seen from the neck down, due to Henry Cavill being unavailable to film the scene. Executive producer Dwayne Johnson's likeness is used for the mystically generated holograph of Teth-Adam, which the wizard Shazam conjures while teaching Billy the history of the Rock of Eternity, the Seven Realms of Magic, and his previous Champion. Johnson portrayed the titular role in "Black Adam".

The Seven Deadly Sins – a supernatural team of villains consisting of the demons Pride, Envy, Greed, Lust, Wrath, Gluttony, and Sloth – were portrayed by stunt doubles in motion capture suits on-set during filming, and depicted on-screen through CGI special effects. Their voices were collectively provided by actors Steve Blum, Darin De Paul, and Fred Tatasciore; Tatasciore previously voiced the Seven Sins in the direct-to-video "". In an Easter egg appearance, Andi Osho reprises her role as social worker Emma Glover from Sandberg's debut film "Lights Out".

Wonder Woman 1984

Wonder Woman 1984 (also known as WW84) is a 2020 American superhero movie based on the DC Comics character Wonder Woman. It is to be the sequel to 2017's "Wonder Woman." It is the eighth installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The movie is directed by Patty Jenkins, with a screenplay by Geoff Johns, David Callaham and Jenkins. It is based from a story written by Johns and Jenkins. It is produced by Charles Roven, Gal Gadot, Zach Snyder and Deborah Snyder.

It stars Gadot as Wonder Woman, with Chris Pine as Steve Trevor, Kristen Wiig as Cheetah and Pedro Pascal as Maxwell Lord. The movie is set in 1984 during the Cold War. Hans Zimmer will compose the movie soundtrack score.

The movie was released by Warner Bros. Pictures and for a limited time on HBO Max in Real D 3D and IMAX 3D on December 25, 2020.

Under Mango Tree

Under Mango Tree is an architecture firm that was formed in 2010 by Gaurav Raj Sharma. Notable projects include the UCL Institute of Making in London, Villa Fagu in the Western Himalayas and the regeneration of Sujan Singh Park – New Delhi’s first multi-storied housing complex originally designed by Walter Sykes George.Under Mango Tree works across many sectors, including arts and culture, heritage, education, hospitality and residential.


Duriavenator

Duriavenator is a genus of theropod dinosaur described in 2008. It was excavated in Dorset. The type species is "D. hesperis", formerly known as "Megalosaurus hesperis". 

"Duriavenator" lived about 170 million years ago. It is one of the oldest-known tetanurans. The genus name combines the Latin name of Dorset, "Duria", with Latin for "hunter", "venator". This genus has also gone under the unofficial name "Walkersaurus".

Penshurst, New South Wales

Penshurst is a suburb in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Penshurst is 17 kilometres south of the city of Sydney. It is part of the area.

Most of the housing in Penshurst is made up of houses and small unit blocks. Most of the people who live in Penshurst are older. Some younger families have moved into the area from other countries so that they can be close to Hurstville.

Mingguang

Mingguang City () is a county-level city within the Anhui Province, in north-east China. An agricultural city, it sat at the east of Anhui Province, just below the agricultural and industrial city of Chuzhou. With a steady economy growth, the city now held more than 655,000 residents. The railways passing through the town enables the link and communication between various parts of the country and it.

Bad News (video game)

Bad News is a free online browser game in which players strive to become a fake news tycoon. The game is classified as a serious game and a newsgame aimed at improving media literacy and social impact. The game was produced by the Dutch media organization "DROG" in collaboration with University of Cambridge scientists Jon Roozenbeek and Sander van der Linden. The game has been described by the media as a "fake news vaccine". 

The purpose of the game is to immunize the public against misinformation by letting players take on the role of a fake news producer. In the game, players can earn "badges", each of which correspond to common techniques used in the production of fake news, such as polarization, conspiracy theories, discrediting, trolling, and invoking emotion. The goal is to build your own fake news empire and gain as many followers as possible while maintaining credibility. The game is loosely based on a psychological concept known as inoculation theory, where prior exposure and familiarity with common fake news tactics is thought to help confer resistance or mental immunity against fake news.


Alexander Tschäppät

Alexander Tschäppät (16 April 1952 – 4 May 2018) was a Swiss politician. Tschäppät was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland. He was a member of the National Council of Switzerland from 1991 to 2003 and again 2011 to 2018. He was mayor ("Stadtpräsident") of Bern 2005 until 2016.

Tschäppät died of cancer on 4 May 2018 at the age of 66.

Cercopithecus

The guenons ( or ) are the genus Cercopithecus of Old World monkeys. 

All members of the genus are live in sub-Saharan Africa, and most are forest monkeys. Many of the species have small ranges, and some have local subspecies. Many are threatened or endangered because of habitat loss.

The species now put in the genus "Chlorocebus", such as vervet monkeys and green monkeys, used to be species in this genus, "Cercopithecus aethiops".

Michele Castoro

Michele Castoro (14 January 1952 – 5 May 2018) was a Roman Catholic archbishop. Castoro was born in Oria, Italy.

Castoro was ordained to the priesthood in 1975. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oria from 200 to 2009. He then served as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-S. Giovanni Rotondo, Italy, from 2009 until 2018.

Castoro died in Apulia, Italy on 5 May 2018 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 66.

Bank of America Corporate Center

The Bank Of America Corporate Center is an 871 ft (265 m) high skyscraper found in Uptown Charlotte, North Carolina. It is the 31st tallest building in the United States, and was completed in 1992. It was also the tallest building in Charlotte and in North Carolina; the building is 60 stories high. It is the 174th-tallest building in the world. It was designed by Argentine architect César Pelli and HKS Architects. It is best known as the world headquarters for Bank of America.

It is among the tallest buildings on the East Coast behind buildings in New York City, Philadelphia, and Atlanta.

Sometimes locally referred to as the Taj McColl after former Bank of America CEO Hugh McColl, who was responsible for the tower's construction, on a clear day the tower is visible to the naked eye from 35 miles (56 km) away.

Big Flow Music

Big Flow Music (BFM) is a Mexican rap and trap group from Uriangato, Guanajuato. The group began in 2013. The group members are JL, Giorgin, Achas Lokote and MC Rap also known as "El Kala". Loco 13 and Mostro were part of the group. Loco 13 left; he signed with "Del Rancho Records". Mostro has not made songs since 2015.



Active fault

An active fault is a fault that is likely to become the source of another earthquake sometime in the future. Faults are active if there has been movement seen or evidence of seismic activity during the last 10,000 years. Active faulting is considered to be a geologic hazard. It is related to earthquakes as a cause. 

Chun-Li (song)

"Chun-Li" is a song by American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on April 12, 2018, alongside the single "Barbie Tingz". It is Minaj's first lead single in over a year, since she released the songs "No Frauds", "Changed It", and "Regret in Your Tears". With "Chun-Li", Minaj earned her first production credit. The song has reached number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Minaj released a vertical video recorded with her phone the day after the song was released. The official video was released May 4, 2018, and features Minaj in scrim lighting wearing glow-in-the-dark accessories.

Bridgwater United W.F.C.

Bridgwater United W.F.C. (formerly known as Yeovil Town Ladies Football Club) is an English women's association football club based in Yeovil, Somerset. It is affiliated with Yeovil Town F.C..

Lake Albert (Africa)

Lake Albert, or Albert Nyanza, is a lake in Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is one of the African Great Lakes. Lake Albert is Africa's seventh-largest lake, and the world's twenty-seventh largest lake by volume.

Lake Albert is in the center of Africa. It is the northernmost of the chain of lakes in the "Albertine Rift", the western branch of the East African Rift. The lake is about long and wide, with a maximum depth of . It is above sea level.

Lake Albert is part of the complicated system of the upper Nile. Its main sources are from Lake Victoria to the southeast, and from Lake Edward to the southwest. Its outlet, at the northernmost tip of the lake, is the Albert Nile, which becomes the White Nile when it enters South Sudan.

At the southern end of the lake there are swamps. Farther south is the Ruwenzori Range, while a range of hills called the Blue Mountains tower over the northwestern shore

European colonialists operated shipping on the lake. The British planned shipping on Lake Albert as part of a network of railway, river steamer and lake steamer services. The idea was to link British interests in Egypt, east Africa and southern Africa.

Chiemsee

Chiemsee () is a natural freshwater lake in Bavaria, Germany, near Rosenheim. It is often called "the Bavarian Sea".

The rivers Großache and Prien flow into the lake from the south, and the river Alz flows out towards the north. The Alz flows into the Inn which then merges with the Danube. The Chiemsee is divided into the bigger, north section, in the northeast, called "Weitsee", and the "Inselsee", in the southwest.

The Chiemgau, the region surrounding the Chiemsee, is a famous recreation area.

Lake Neuchâtel

Lake Neuchâtel (; ) is a lake in western Switzerland. The lake is mainly in the canton of Neuchâtel, but is also part of Vaud, Fribourg, and Berne. Lake Geneva and Lake of Constance are larger, but the part of them that is in Switzerland is smaller. Lake Neuchatel is the largest lake entirely in Switzerland. It is the 59th largest lake in Europe. Tourism is important near the lake. Also, wine is made there (mainly white wine). The city of Neuchâtel, on the lake, is known for watch-making, and tapestries called Indiennes.


Yverdon-les-Bains

Yverdon-les-Bains () is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is the capital of the district. As of , people lived in Yverdon-les-Bains. It was called Eburodunum and Ebredunum during the Roman era.

Yverdon-les-Bains won Wakker Prize in 2009 for the way the city handled and developed the public areas and connected the old city with Lake Neuchâtel.

The former municipality Gressy became part of Yverdon-les-Bains on 1 July 2011.



Chêne-Pâquier

Chêne-Pâquier is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The municipality consists of the hamlets of Le Chêne and Le Pâquier.

Chê

ne-Pâquier is a place in Switzerland that has two old Villages: Chêne and Pâquier. People first wrote about them more than 500 years ago. They were part of another place that had a Castle, but the Castle is gone now. Chêne-Pâquier has a Church that was built in 1667 for people who are Protestants. It is one of the first Churches in Switzerland made for Protestants

Chêne-Pâquier is a place in Switzerland that has a government. The government has a leader called the mayor. The mayor is Guy-Cyrille Jaquier. The people in Chêne-Pâquier can vote for different parties. A party is a group of people who have similar ideas. In 2007, the most popular party was the SVP. The SVP is a party that wants less immigration and lower taxes. The next popular parties were the FDP, the SP and the Green Party. The FDP is a party that supports business and free trade. The SP is a party that wants more social justice and equality. The Green Party is a party that cares about the environment and human rights.

Chambry

Chambry can mean:

1811–1812 New Madrid earthquakes

This refers to a series of earthquakes near the town of New Madrid, in late 1811, and early 1812. They are known as the 1811–12 New Madrid earthquakes. The town is right next to the Mississippi River. This was the largest earthquake known in the United States in recorded history.

The first shock was on December 16, 1811. It had a magnitude of 7.5-7.9 on the Richter scale. There also was an aftershock of magnitude 7.4 on the same day. They were the most powerful earthquakes to hit the contiguous United States east of the Rocky Mountains in recorded history. We use the word "contiguous" because we wish to exclude Hawaii and Alaska, neither of which was then part of the United States.

The earthquakes occurred in and near the Mississippi River town of New Madrid. The town was part of the Louisiana Territory at the time. Today, it is in the US state of Missouri.

There are estimates that these stable continental region earthquakes were felt strongly over an area of , and moderately across nearly 3 million km (1 million sq mi). The 1906 San Francisco earthquake, by comparison, was felt moderately over roughly . There were in all three earthquakes, and each had major aftershocks.

Different American Indian tribes interpreted these earthquakes, and came to a consensus: the powerful earthquake had to have meant something. For many tribes in Tecumseh's pan-Indian alliance, it meant that Tecumseh and his brother the Prophet must be supported.

Even today, earthquakes happen in this area, known as the New Madrid Seismic Zone (or NMSZ). Scientists think that before 2050 there is a chance of over 90% that quakes with a magnitude of over 7.0 on the Richter scale will occur there. Arthur C. Clarke wrote a story called Richter 10, where he describes a scenario like this.

Other seismic activity is known from fault zones within tectonic plates. They include the Charleston earthquake on in 1886. This was particularly surprising as the area had almost no history of even minor earthquakes.

José María Íñigo

José María Íñigo Gómez (4 June 1942 – 5 May 2018) was a Spanish journalist and television presenter. He was born in Bilbao.

Shortly after he moved to London, from where he collaborated with different music programmes on Cadena SER. Back to Spain, he settled in Madrid, where he worked in radio music shows "El Musiquero", "El Gran Musical" and "Los 40 Principales".

Over the years Íñigo has been associated with the Eurovision Song Contest. Between the 1975 Contest and 1976 Contest he announced the Spanish jury result. Between the 2011 Contest and the 2017 Contest, he provided the TVE commentary.

Íñigo died in Madrid, aged 75, on 5 May 2018 of lung cancer.


Richard John Garcia

Richard John Garcia (April 24, 1947 – July 11, 2018) was an American Roman Catholic bishop. Garcia was born in San Francisco, California. He was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI as the fourth ordinary bishop of the Diocese of Monterey, California on December 19, 2006, and was installed at a Mass celebrated by Cardinal Roger Mahony on January 30, 2007.

In April 2018, Garcia was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died three months later on July 11, 2018 from complications of the disease in Monterey, aged 71.


Monterey, California

Monterey is a municipality in Monterey County in the U.S. state of California. It is on the southern edge of Monterey Bay on California's Central Coast. 

It stands at an elevation of above sea level, on a land area of . The 2020 census recorded a population of 30,218. Monterey had a big herring industry, which went bust because of overfishing. Cannery Row in Monterey was where the fish were packaged. 

Cannery Row was the setting of John Steinbeck's novels "Cannery Row" (1945) and "Sweet Thursday" (1954). Both were the basis for the 1982 movie "Cannery Row", starring Nick Nolte and Debra Winger. It is also mentioned in Bob Dylan's song "Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands". Sea otters still dive for abalone shellfish

Pacific Biological Laboratories, a biological supply house, was located at 800 Ocean View Avenue (now 800 Cannery Row) from 1928 to 1948. It was operated by Edward F. Ricketts. He was the inspiration for several characters in Steinbeck novels. The laboratory is still preserved.

There is a variety of natural habitats in Monterey: the closed-cone pine forest has pines whose cones only open after a fire (this is called "seroteny"). The idea is that the seeds drop onto ground with few occupants, so have the best chance of developing into trees. Coast live oaks often grow nearby.

George V. Murry

George Vance Murry S.J. (December 28, 1948 – June 5, 2020) was an African-American prelate of the Catholic Church and member of the Jesuit Order. He was born in Camden, New Jersey. He was the Bishop of the Diocese of Youngstown, Ohio.

Murry served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago from 1995 to 1999 and as the bishop of the Saint Thomas in the Virgin Islands from 1999 to 2007.

In April 2018, Murry was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. He died from the disease on June 5, 2020 in New York City, aged 71.


Blaxploitation

Blaxploitation is a type of exploitation movie which focuses on black people. Blaxploitation movies emerged in and were most popular during the early 1970s. 

These movies were often criticized for their use of stereotyped characters. They were also praised for showing black people as the heroes and subjects, rather than being sidekicks or as victims of violence.

Following the example set by "Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song", many blaxploitation films feature funk and soul jazz soundtracks with heavy bass, funky beats, and wah-wah guitars.

Jordan Nikolić

Jordan Nikolić (; 11 May 1933 – 26 April 2018) was a Serbian folk singer. He sang traditional songs from Kosovo. He was born in Prizren, Yugoslavia. About a hundred of his voice recordings are saved in Radio Belgrade archives. Nikolić participated in Jugovizija (Yugoslavian Eurosong qualification contest) in 1976. 

Nikolić died in Belgrade on 26 April 2018 from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 84.


Earl Balfour

Earl Frederick "Spider" Balfour (January 4, 1933 – April 27 2018) was a Canadian NHL hockey player. He was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Balfour served as a forward from 1952 to 1961. He was a defensive forward and penalty-killing expert. Balfour won the Stanley Cup with the 1960–61 Chicago Black Hawks. He also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs. He retired after 288 games, posting 30 goals, 22 assists, 52 points and just 78 penalty minutes.

Balfour died on April 27, 2018 of prostate cancer in Guelph, Ontario, aged 85.

Esther Ofarim

Esther Zaied, better known by her married name Esther Ofarim (; born June 13, 1941), is an Israeli singer. She came second in the 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "T'en vas pas", representing Switzerland. A

After marrying Abi Ofarim in 1961, she was half of the singing husband and wife duo, Esther & Abi Ofarim. The couple divorced in Germany in 1970. After they divorced, the duo broke up and she undertook a successful solo career.


Mel Lastman

Melvin Douglas "Mel" Lastman (March 9, 1933 – December 11, 2021), nicknamed "Mayor Mel" or "Mega City Mel", was a Canadian businessman and politician. He was the founder of the Bad Boy Furniture chain. He served as the mayor of the former city of North York, Ontario, Canada from 1973 until 1997.

Lastman died on December 11, 2021, at the age of 88.


Mayor of Toronto

The Mayor of Toronto is the leader of the municipal government of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The mayor is directly-elected in municipal elections every four years alongside Toronto City Council. 

The mayor is responsible for the administration of government services overseeing Toronto government departments and serves as the chairperson for meeting of Toronto City Council. The current mayor of Toronto is John Tory.

Art Eggleton is the longest-serving mayor of Toronto, serving from 1980 until 1991. No Toronto mayor has been removed from office. Toronto's 64th mayor, Rob Ford, lost a conflict of interest trial in 2012, and was ordered to vacate his position; but the ruling was stayed pending an appeal, which Ford won to remain in office.

As of February 17, 2023 there are six living former mayors of Toronto:


Rob Ford, June Rowlands and Mel Lastman are the most recent mayors that have died. Ford is the first mayor of Toronto after the amalgamation of Toronto to die.


David Crombie

David Edward Crombie (born April 24, 1936) is a Canadian politician, professor and consultant. Crombie served as Mayor of Toronto from 1972 to 1978.

Art Eggleton

Arthur C. "Art" Eggleton, (born September 29, 1943) is a Canadian politician. He was a Senator representing Ontario from 2005 to 2018. He was the longest serving Mayor of Toronto, serving from 1980 to 1991. 

Eggleton has held several federal government posts, including President of the Treasury Board and Minister of Infrastructure from 1993–1996, Minister for International Trade from 1996–1997, and Minister of National Defense from 1997 until 2002.


Martha MacIsaac

Martha MacIsaac (born October 11, 1984) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role of Becca in the 2007 teen comedy "Superbad".

MacIsaac was born and raised in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, the youngest of three girls; her mother Irene was one of twelve.

MacIsaac started her career playing Emily Byrd Starr in the "Emily of New Moon" television series, based on the books by Lucy Maud Montgomery.

She has appeared in several plays including the 2006 play "The Wild Duck" in which she played Hedwig and was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award for "Outstanding Performance by a Female in a Principal Role - Play". In 2009, she played Paige in a remake of the Wes Craven film "The Last House on the Left". She also performed in three consecutive productions of Soulpepper Theatre Company's "Our Town" as Emily, beginning in 2006.

In a 2007 "Entertainment Weekly" article, she stated she has been inspired by Julia Roberts from the age of four and was self-described as "obsessed". She also stated she would like to perform alongside her in a film, particularly "a female version of "Twins"".

In late 2012, MacIsaac began a main role on the NBC comedy "1600 Penn" as the president's eldest daughter, Becca. Brittany Snow was originally cast as Becca but because she did not physically resemble and fit in well with the other family members, Martha MacIsaac was cast. In a 2012 interview with the CBC Radio series "Island Morning", she revealed that "1600 Penn" was her last audition before she considered returning to Canada.

She was married to film producer, director, and writer Torre Catalano from 2010 to 2015. She lives in Los Angeles, California as of 2017.

She is represented by the Agency for the Performing Arts.


Jerrod Carmichael

Jerrod Carmichael ( ; born June 22, 1987) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and writer. Carmichael is best known for creating and playing the lead role in the semi-biographical NBC sitcom "The Carmichael Show."

Carmichael was born and raised in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. In 2005, he graduated from Robert B. Glenn High School.

Carmichael's early comedic influences were stand-ups Richard Pryor, Bill Cosby, Sinbad, and George Carlin.

Carmichael moved to Los Angeles at the age of 20. His first time doing stand-up was an open-mic night at The Comedy Store in West Hollywood. Carmichael then appeared in the "New Faces" showcase at the 2011 Just for Laughs Festival in Montreal. Carmichael's star role was in the 2014 film "Neighbors."

He has released two stand-up HBO comedy specials: "Jerrod Carmichael: Love at the Store" (2014) and "Jerrod Carmichael: 8" (2017). 

In June 2019, Carmichael was hired by Quentin Tarantino to co-write a film adaptation based on the "Django/Zorro" crossover comic book series.


Cirilo Bautista

Cirilo F. Bautista (July 9, 1941 – May 6, 2018) was a Filipino poet, fictionist, critic and writer of nonfiction. He was awarded with the National Artist of the Philippines award in 2014. He was born in Manila. 

Bautista works include "Boneyard Breaking", "Sugat ng Salita", "The Archipelago", "Telex Moon", "Summer Suns", "Charts", "The Cave and Other Poems", "Kirot ng Kataga", and "Bullets and Roses: The Poetry of Amado V. Hernandez". His novel "Galaw ng Asoge" was published by the University of Santo Tomas Press in 2004.

Bautista died on May 6, 2018 in Manila of neuroendocrine cancer at the age of 76.


Ben Miller

Bennet Evan "Ben" Miller (born 24 February 1966) is an English comedian, actor, and director. He is best known as one half of comedy double act Armstrong and Miller, with Alexander Armstrong. Miller starred in the Channel 4 sketch show "Armstrong and Miller", as well as the BBC sketch show "The Armstrong & Miller Show". 

Miller also played the lead role of Richard Poole in the first two series of the BBC Crime Drama "Death in Paradise".


Noah Taylor

Noah George Taylor (born 4 September 1969) is an English-Australian actor. He is best known for his roles as David Helfgott in "Shine", Locke in HBO series "Game of Thrones", Mr. Bucket in "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and Danny in "He Died with a Felafel in His Hand".

Freddie Highmore

Alfred Thomas "Freddie" Highmore (born 14 February 1992) is an English Actor and Director. He is known for his film roles in "Women Talking Dirty" (1999), "Finding Neverland" (2004), "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005), and "The Spiderwick Chronicles" (2008). He has appeared as a television actor in 2 TV series: as Norman Bates in the A&E drama series "Bates Motel" (2013–2017), and as autistic resident surgeon Dr. Shaun Murphy in "The Good Doctor" (2017–2020) on ABC TV.

Highmore won a Saturn Award in 2007. He also twice won the Critic's Choice awards for Best Young Performer in a film.

William Gillock

William Gillock (July 1, 1917 - September 7, 1993) was an American composer. He was born in La Russell, Missouri. He taught music and composed piano music.

Gillock studied music at Central Methodist College (called Central College at that time), in Fayette, Missouri. His instructor was N. Louise Wright.

He moved to New Orleans as a young man. He taught music there for many years. Later, he stopped teaching and moved to Texas. In Texas, "
he was the first and only judge for the first twenty-one years of the Junior Pianists’ Guild, which involved over fourteen hundred students." 

Gillock wrote piano music for children. Some of his compositions were solo pieces, and some were ensemble pieces. He taught music at many workshops. Because his music was very melodic, he was called "the Schubert of children’s composers." 

His music is often played at piano festivals.

Gillock was given the Award of Merit for Service to American Music by the National Federation of Music Clubs five times. 

He died in Dallas on September 7, 1993. 

In March 2018, the AADGT held a piano competition in honor of Gillock. 

The ABRSM exam syllabus includes his works. 


Naser Cheshm Azar

Naser Cheshm Azar (31 December 1950 – 4 May 2018) was an Iranian pianist, composer, and arranger. Cheshm Azar was known for his vocal music (for a singer or choir), instrumental music, electronic music, and music which combines multiple genres. He was mater in classical music, musical theatre, blues, folk music, jazz, and popular music. He was born in Ardabil, Iran.

Cheshm Azar died of a heart attack in Tehran on 4 May 2018 at the age of 68.


Renate Dorrestein

Renate Maria Dorrestein (25 January 1954 – 4 May 2018) was a Dutch writer, journalist and feminist. She won the "Annie Romein" prize in 1993. She started working as a journalist for a magazine called "Panorama". She published her first novel ("Buitenstaanders") in 1983. She was born in Amsterdam.

Dorrestein died on 4 May 2018 of esophageal cancer in Amsterdam at the age of 64.

Paolo Ferrari

Paolo Ferrari (26 February 1929 – 6 May 2018) was an Italian actor. He appeared in 45 movies between 1938 and 2018. He made his acting debut at 9 years old, in Alessandro Blasetti's "Ettore Fieramosca". He became first known as "the balilla Paolo", a character he played in numerous radio programs for children and teenagers during the fascist era.

Ferrari died in Rome on 6 May 2018 of complications from pneumonia at the age of 89.

Tarcisio Gitti

Tarcisio "Ciso" Gitti (18 April 1936 – 6 May 2018) was an Italian lawyer and politician. He was born in Gardone Val Trompia. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. He was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1979 and served until 1994. 

Gitti was Undersecretary of the Treasury from 30 July 1897 to 22 July 1989, and President of COPASIR from 29 January 1991 to 22 April 1992. From 1992 to 1994, he was Vice President of the Chamber of Deputies. 

Gitti died in Brescia, Italy of Parkinson's disease-related complications on 6 May 2018, aged 82.

Khaled Mohieddin

Khaled Mohieddine (August 17, 1922 – May 6, 2018) was an Egyptian Communist politician and a major in the Egyptian Army. He fought in the Egyptian Revolution of 1952, which overthrew the monarchy under King Farouk. 

Mohieddine held important roles throughout Gamal Abdel Nasser's presidency. He founded the leftist political party National Progressive Union Party (Tagammu) in 1976. Under Mohieddine's leadership, Tagammu became a significant opposition force during Hosni Mubarak's rule.

Mohieeddin died on May 6, 2018 at a hospital in Cairo of congestive heart failure at the age of 95.

Flula Borg

Flula Borg (born March 28, 1982) is a German actor, comedian, musician, and YouTube personality who is better known as DJ Flula or simply Flula (sometimes stylized as f|u|a). He currently lives in Los Angeles, California. Borg has appeared in several feature movies, including "Pitch Perfect 2", and a number of popular TV shows. He has collaborated with both well-known YouTubers, including Rhett and Link, Miranda Sings, Smosh, Jacksfilms, and many more, and mainstream celebrities such as Sir Mix-A-Lot, RZA, and Dirk Nowitzki. In 2015, he was named one of "The Hollywood Reporter"s Top 25 Digital Stars as well as one of Variety's 10 Comics to Watch.


2019 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series

The 2019 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series will be the 71st season of professional stock car racing in the United States, and the 48th modern-era Cup series season. The season began at Daytona International Speedway with the Advance Auto Parts Clash, the Can-Am Duel qualifying races and the 61st running of the Daytona 500. The regular season will end with the Brickyard 400 on September 8, 2019. The playoffs will end with the Ford EcoBoost 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway on November 17, 2019.

It will be the fourth season of the current 10-year television contract with Fox Sports and NBC Sports and the third of a five-year race sanctioning agreement with all tracks. It will also be the first year the Cup Series will be fielding the Ford Mustang.

Key changes from 2018 include:

The schedule, comprising 36 races, including the Advance Auto Parts Clash, Can-Am Duel (qualifying races for the Daytona 500) and the All-Star Race, was released on April 3, 2018.


Natalia Cordova-Buckley

Natalia Cordova-Buckley (born November 25, 1982) is a Mexican actress. She was born in Mexico City. Cordova-Buckley is best known for playing Elena "Yo-Yo" Rodriguez on "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and as the voice of Frida Kahlo in Disney-Pixar "Coco" (2017).

Nabih Berri

Nabih Berri (; born 28 January 1938) is a Lebanese politician. He has been the Speaker of the Parliament of Lebanon since 1992. He heads the Amal Movement.

Saad Hariri

Saad El-Din Rafik Al-Hariri (; born 18 April 1970) is a Lebanese politician. He was the 33rd Prime Minister of Lebanon from December 2016 to January 2020. He was also the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.

On 29 October 2019, amid the 2019 Lebanese protests, Hariri announced his resignation, and that of his cabinet.


Émile Lahoud

Émile Jamil Lahoud () (born 12 January 1936) is a Lebanese politician. He was President of Lebanon from 1998 to 2007.


Paul Goma

Paul Goma (; October 2, 1935 – March 25, 2020) was a Romanian-Moldovan writer and political critic. He was known for his activities as a dissident and leading opponent of the communist regime before 1989. After 2000, Goma has expressed opinions on World War II, the Holocaust in Romania and the Jews, claims which have led to widespread criticism for antisemitism.

On March 18, 2020, Goma was hospitalized in Paris after being infected with COVID-19. He died on March 25, 2020 from the infection, aged 84.



Simon MacCorkindale

Simon Charles Pendered MacCorkindale (12 February 1952 – 14 October 2010) was a British actor, movie director, screenwriter, composer and producer. He was born in Ely, Cambridgeshire. He was known for his roles in "Manimal" as the lead character, "Dr. Jonathan Chase". He also acted for the longer-running role of lawyer Greg Reardon in "Falcon Crest".

MacCorkindale died of colorectal cancer on 14 October 2010 in London at the age of 58.


George Raft

George Raft (born George Ranft; September 26, 1901 – November 24, 1980) was an American actor, comedian and dancer. He was born in New York City. 

Raft is mostly known for his gangster roles in the original "Scarface" (1932), "Each Dawn I Die" (1939), and Billy Wilder's 1959 comedy "Some Like It Hot", as a dancer in "Bolero" (1934), and a truck driver in "They Drive by Night" (1940).

Raft died in Los Angeles, California of leukemia on November 24, 1980 at the age of 79.


Buona Vista MRT station

Buona Vista MRT station (EW21/CC22) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the East West Line and Circle Line in Queenstown, Singapore. This station is in close proximity to one-north, a high technology business parks made up of biomedical science, infocomm technology and media industries.

Buona Vista station opened on 12 March 1988, as part of Phase 1B of the MRT line which runs from Outram Park to Clementi.

In the late 1990s to early 2000s, a temporary overhead bridge was built across North Buona Vista Road, leading into the concourse level.

With the construction of the Circle Line from 11 January 2005, the bridge was demolished and replaced with a newer one. The second storey of the EW Line station was also converted into a transfer level between the two lines. The Circle Line part was opened on October 8, 2011, while the two new exits share the same location as the original one.

Following the 25 March 2006 accident, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) made the decision in 2008 to install Platform Screen Doors in this station, whereby operations commenced on 10 June 2011.

The lifts were upgraded in August 2009 and had been the last station to be barrier-free, due to the big size of the station. Buona Vista MRT station is the second station to serve as an interchange between an above and underground MRT line, with the first being Paya Lebar. The station is fitted with high-volume low-speed fans, which commenced operations on 25 June 2012, the same day as the fans at Commonwealth.

The artwork featured under the Art in Transit programme is "The Tree of Life" by Gilles Massot. Located on the lift shaft in the underground station, the artwork depicts a eucalyptus tree located at the nearby Kent Ridge Park that has been digitally edited to create an effect similar to David Hockney's photo montages. The tree also represents the jungle greenery which used to exist next to the above-ground station and is a result of the deep impression left on the artist of the landscape and view of the area.

Wilson Frost

Wilson Frost (December 27, 1925 – May 5, 2018) was an American politician. He served as Chicago alderman of the 34th Ward. In 1976, upon the death of longtime mayor Richard J. Daley, Frost declared that he was acting mayor. 

In a power struggle that lasted several days, the entirely Democratic Chicago City Council determined that Frost was incorrect in his claim, and appointed Alderman Michael Anthony Bilandic as acting mayor instead. If he had been elected mayor, Wilson Frost would have been Chicago's first African American mayor. He was born in Cairo, Illinois.

Frost died on May 5, 2018 in Palm Desert, California at the age of 92.

Ray Szmanda

Raymond Jack Szmanda, Sr. (June 22, 1926 – May 6, 2018) was an American radio and television announcer. He became well-known for his "Menards Guy," commercial role who has advertised for the home improvement store for more than 20 years. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Szmanda once appeared in a 1970s science fiction movie, "The Alpha Incident" as the Official. He also hosted the Wausau version of "High Quiz Bowl." 

Szmanda died on May 6, 2018 in Antigo, Wisconsin of pneumonia caused by a fall at the age of 91.


Chase Bank

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., also known as Chase Bank, is a national bank headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The bank was known as Chase Manhattan Bank until it merged with J.P. Morgan & Co. in 2000. Chase Manhattan Bank was formed by the merger of the Chase National Bank and The Manhattan Company in 1955. 

The bank has been headquartered in Columbus, Ohio since its merger with Bank One Corporation in 2004. The bank acquired the deposits and most assets of Washington Mutual. The current CEO of the bank is Jamie Dimon.

Chase offers more than 5,100 branches and 16,000 ATMs nationwide. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has 250,355 employees (as of 2016) and operates in more than 100 countries. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had assets of US$2.49 trillion in 2016.

JPMorgan Chase is one of the largest banks of the United States.

JPMorgan Chase

J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is a banking and money managing company headquartered in New York City that operates all over the world. It is the largest bank in the United States, and one of the biggest in the world. It is also the world's most valuable bank by market capitalization. JPMorgan is one of America's Big Four banks, along with Bank of America, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo. Some of the different ways they manage money are called investment banking, asset management, private banking, private wealth management, and treasury & securities services; they use the name "JPMorgan" for these services. They use the name "Chase" for credit card services in the United States and Canada, retail banking activities in the United States, and commercial banking. 270 Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City is the headquarters for activities using both names. The company was formed in 2000, when Chase Manhattan Corporation merged with J.P. Morgan & Co.

J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is a big company that used to be several smaller companies. These companies include banks that were active two hundred years ago. Like most American banks, the smaller companies that make up JPMorgan Chase all made a lot of money from slavery.

Timeline of prehistoric Britain

Events from the prehistory of Britain (to 1 BC). The entries are backed by modern research in archaeology.


Swanscombe Heritage Park

Swanscombe Heritage Park or Swanscombe Skull Site is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest Swanscombe in north-west Kent. The site has two Geological Conservation Review sites, and a National Nature Reserve.

The park is in a former gravel quarry, Barnfield Pit. The area was already famous for numerous Palaeolithic-era handaxes—mostly Acheulean and Clactonian artifacts, some as much as 400,000 years old.

In 1935/1936 work at Barnfield Pit uncovered two fossilised skull fragments. These fragments were the remains of Swanscombe Man. The bones were later found to have belonged to a young woman. The Swanscombe skull were early Neanderthal, dating to the Hoxnian Interglacial around 400,000 years ago.

They are one of only two sites in Britain which have yielded Lower Palaeolithic human fossils, together with the 500,000-year-old "Homo heidelbergensis" leg bones and teeth at Boxgrove.

The skull fragments were found in the lower middle terrace gravels at a depth of almost eight metres beneath the surface. Further excavations, carried out between 1968-1972 uncovered more animal bone and flint tools, and established the extent of a former shoreline that the bones were found on.

Most of the bone finds are now in the Natural History Museum in London, and the stone finds are at the British Museum. The other key paleolithic sites in the UK are Happisburgh, Pakefield, Pontnewydd, Kents Cavern, Paviland, and Gough's Cave.

Happisburgh

Happisburgh, pronounced "Hazeborough", is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. The village is on the coast, to the east of a north-south road, the B1159. Its population is under 1,000.

This small place became a site of national archaeological importance in 2010. Flint tools over 800,000 years old were unearthed. This is the oldest evidence of human occupation anywhere in the UK. In May 2013, a series of early human footprints were discovered on the beach at the site, providing direct evidence of early human activity at the site. Rough seas had eroded the sandy beach. This uncovered some elongated hollows.


Firuz Shah Tughluq

Sultan Firuz Shah Tughluq (1309 – 20 September 1388) was a Muslim ruler of the Tughluq Dynasty, who reigned over the Delhi Sultanate from 1351 to 1388. His father's name was Rajab (the younger brother of Ghazi Malik) who had the title "Sipahsalar". He succeeded his cousin Muhammad bin Tughlaq following the latter's death in 1351 at Thatta in Sindh, where Muhammad bin Tughlaq had gone in pursuit of Taghi the Muslim ruler of Gujarat. For the first time in the history of Delhi Sultanate, a situation was confronted wherein nobody was ready to accept the reins of power. With much difficulty, the camp followers convinced Firuz to accept the responsibility. In fact, Khawaja Jahan, the Wazir of Muhammad bin Tughlaq had placed a small boy on throne claiming him to be the son of Muhammad bin Tughlaq, who meekly surrendered afterwards. Firuz Shah Tughlaq thereafter reigned upon the throne of Delhi and took control of the Delhi Sultanate. Due to widespread unrest, his realm was much smaller than Muhammad's. Tughlaq was forced by rebellions to concede virtual independence to Bengal and other provinces. However, he reconquered Bengal in 1364. Firuz Shah Tughlaq was a religious Sunni Muslim who established Sharia across his entire sultanate. In Delhi, Firuz Shah Tughlaq constructed a jamia masjid called Jamia-i-Miri ("mosque of miri") and asked all the Muslim scholars (ulama) and mystics to assemble there for the Friday prayers.

Alpine orogeny

The Alpine orogeny (sometimes Alpide orogeny) is the building of mountain ranges in central and southern Europe and west Asia.
This mountain-building phase started in the later Mesozoic era. It happened as the two large continents Africa and India (plus a smaller plates) moved north and collided with Eurasia. This happened at the end of the Mesozoic era, and is slowly continuing today.

So this slow collision sqeezed the Eurasian plates, and caused mountains to build from the western edge far into Asia. These are the mountain ranges of the Alpide belt. They include (from west to east) the Atlas, the Rif, the Baetic Cordillera, the Cantabrian Mountains, the Pyrenees, the Alps, the Apennine Mountains, the Dinaric Alps, the Hellenides, the Carpathian Mountains, the Balkan Mountains, the Taurus, the Armenian Highlands, the Caucasus, the Alborz, the Zagros, the Hindu Kush, the Pamir, the Karakoram, and the Himalayas.

The Alpine orogeny also led to more distant and smaller geological features such as the chalk hills in southern England and northern France (the 'Weald–Artois Anticline'). The remains of this can be seen in the chalk ridges of the North and South Downs in southern England. Its effects are visible on the Isle of Wight, where the chalk and overlying Eocene strata are folded to near-vertical, as seen at Alum Bay and Whitecliff Bay, and on the Dorset coast near Lulworth Cove.

The Alpine orogeny was the last of the three major phases of orogeny in Europe that made its geology. The Caledonian orogeny which formed the Old Red Sandstone continent was the first. The second was the Variscan orogeny. That was when Pangaea formed as Gondwana and the Old Red Sandstone continent collided in the middle to late Palaeozoic.

Rockstar North

Rockstar North Limited (former DMA Design Limited) is a British video game developer based in Edinburgh, Scotland.

The company was founded as Acme Software in Dundee in 1984. The founders were classmates David Jones, Russell Kay, Steve Hammond, and Mike Dailly. It was renamed DMA Design in 1987. During its early years, the publishing company Psygnosis backed DMA Design, and it focused mainly on making games for the Amiga, Atari ST and Commodore 64 game systems. During this time, DMA created successful shooters such as "Menace" and "Blood Money", but it soon turned to platform games after the release of "Lemmings" in 1991. "Lemmings" was an international success and led to several sequels and spin-offs. After developing "Unirally" for Nintendo, DMA Design was set to become one of their main second-party developers, but this partnership ended after Nintendo's disapproval of "Body Harvest".


Charles W. Steger

Charles William Steger Jr. (June 16, 1947 – May 6, 2018) was an American architect and engineer. He was the 15th president of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech) in Blacksburg, Virginia, United States. 

Steger was President during the Virginia Tech massacre of April 16, 2007, in which 32 people were killed and another 17 were injured by Seung-Hui Cho in two buildings on opposite sides of the sprawling campus. Steger called the shootings "a tragedy of monumental proportions." 

On May 14, 2013, Steger announced that he would step down as the President of Virginia Tech. He was succeeded on June 1, 2014 by Timothy D. Sands, Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost at Purdue University. 

Steger died on May 6, 2018 in his home in Blacksburg, Virginia at the age of 70.

Ermanno Olmi

Ermanno Olmi (24 July 1931 – 5 May 2018) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Bergamo, Italy. He was best known for his movie "The Tree of Wooden Clogs" (L'Albero degli zoccoli), which was awarded the Palme d'Or at the 1978 Cannes Film Festival. In 1983 his movie "Walking, Walking" was screened out of competition at Cannes.

Olmi died of complications from Guillain–Barré syndrome in Asiago, Italy on 5 May 2018 at the age of 86.

Jesús Kumate Rodríguez

Jesús Kumate Rodríguez (13 November 1924 – 7 May 2018) was a Mexican physician and politician. He was born in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, Mexico. He served as the Secretary of Health during the Presidency of Carlos Salinas de Gortari from 1988 to 1994. He was awarded Legion of Honour, "Chevalier" and "Officier". His family were immigrants from Japan.

Kumate Rodríguez died of respiratory failure in Mexico City on 7 May 2018 at the age of 93.


Won't You Be My Neighbor? (movie)

Won't You Be My Neighbor? is a 2018 documentary movie directed by Morgan Neville. It is about the life and philosophy of Fred Rogers, the host and creator of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". The trailer was released on what would have been Rogers' 90th birthday, March 20, 2018.
The movie premiered at the 2018 Sundance Film Festival and was released on June 8, 2018. The movie received very good reviews and has a 99% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

It has made $22 million in the box office making it the highest grossing biographical-documentary of all time.
It was nominated for numerous awards, won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature, and was chosen by "Time" magazine as one of its top ten films of 2018.

In November 2018, Morgan revealed that the original title of the movie was "The Radical Mister Rogers", but after the election of Donald Trump, the term "radical" had a negative connotation according to Morgan.

PBS aired the movie on February 9, 2019, as part of the network's "Independent Lens" series.

On July 27, 2018 the movie became the highest-grossing biographical documentary of all-time, and on August 12 passed "Bowling for Columbine" to become the 12th-highest-grossing documentary overall.



Joe Negri

Joseph Harold Negri (born June 10, 1926) is an American jazz guitarist and educator. He is best known for starring as "Handyman Negri" in "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood".

He appeared on the 1959 children's television program "Adventure Time". He also worked closely with Fred Rogers while his career was based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Negri appeared, along with pianist and fellow Pennsylvanian Johnny Costa, on the 1954 TV series, "67 Melody Lane", hosted by Ken Griffin. They played two songs: "After You've Gone" and "Little Brown Jug" the latter accompanied by Griffin at the organ. He also recorded with the Three Suns.


François Clemmons

François Scarborough Clemmons (born April 23, 1945) is an African-American singer, actor, playwright, and university lecturer, best known for his appearances on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" from 1968 to 1993.

Clemmons is openly gay.


Middlebury, Vermont

Middlebury is the shire town (county seat) of Addison County, Vermont, United States. The population was 9,152 at the 2020 census.
Middlebury is home to Middlebury College and the Henry Sheldon Museum of Vermont History.

Antigo, Wisconsin

Antigo ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 8,234 at the 2010 census.

The name "Antigo" comes from the Chippewa Indian name for the river that flows through the area, ""Nequi-Antigo-sebi"" meaning "spring river" or "evergreen."

2018 lower Puna eruption

The 2018 lower Puna eruption, which began May 3, 2018 is an ongoing volcanic event on the island of Hawaii on Kīlauea while at the time day, faced a 6.9 earthquake. It caused outbreaks of lava fountains up to high, lava flows and volcanic gas in the Leilani Estates on the island of Hawaii. 

As of May 6, 2018, the eruption has caused in the destruction of 26 houses. This volcanic event is the 62nd episode of the ongoing east rift zone eruption that began in January 1983.

On May 3, 2018, after a 5.0 earthquake earlier in the day, steaming ground cracks opened in Leilani Estate and began to spew lava, causing evacuations of the Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens areas. The next day, May 4, the first two homes were reported destroyed in Leilani Estates from three erupting vents.

The Civil Defense Agency reported extreme levels of sulphur dioxide gas in the area, and Talmadge Magno, the Civil Defense Administrator for Hawaii County, stated that power lines had melted off the poles due to heat.

By May 25, 2018, over 20 fissures had erupted lava in or near the Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens subdivisions, resulting in the destruction of at least 82 structures in lower Puna. The eruption forced the evacuation of about two thousand residents. 

The fissures had sent lava rivers that on May 19 buried part of Hawaii Route 137 and began flowing into the ocean. On May 29 the approach of lava forced closure of Hawaii Route 132.

By July 12, over of land had been covered by lava flows. About of new land has been created in the ocean. The official number of houses destroyed by the ongoing eruption reached 700 on July 9. The eruption was said to have stopped near August 15, 2018.

2018 Hawaii earthquake

On May 4, 2018, an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.9 struck Hawaii at around 12:33 p.m. local time. The earthquake's epicenter was near the south flank of Kīlauea, which has been the site of seismic and volcanic activity since late April. The quake happened at the same time as the lava outbreaks at the volcano.

The earthquake left two deaths and 28 injuries.

Stickler syndrome

Stickler syndrome, is sometimes called Stickler's dysplasia (hereditary progrerssive arthro-ophalmo-dystrophy). It is a rare medical condition discovered by Gunnar B. Stickler in the early 1960s. It affects the way a person produces collagen. 

When someone has Stickler's they may have problems with their joints, eyes, ears, heart, and in some rare cases their skin. Stickler syndrome affects around 1 in 10,000 people.
There are six types of Stickler syndrome known, and each has its own gene. 

Some people may live long and productive lives if the condition is discovered early on. 

Peter Temple-Morris

Peter Temple-Morris, Baron Temple-Morris (12 February 1938 – 1 May 2018) was a British politician. He was elected as the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Leominster in 1974. He stepped down from the office in 2001 after changing parties. He sat in the House of Lords as a Labour peer. He was born in Cardiff, Wales.

Temple-Morris died on 1 May 2018 in London, aged 80.


Maurane

Maurane (born Claudine Luypaerts; 12 November 1960 – 7 May 2018) was a Belgian French language singer and actress. She was born in Ixelles, Belgium. In 2012, she became a member of the Jury in "Nouvelle Star" broadcast on television station D8. She was known for her 2002 single "Tu es mon autre". She also starred in the 2010 movie "My Afternoons with Margueritte".

Maurane died in Schaerbeek, Belgian on 7 May 2018 of suspected cardiac arrest at the age of 57.



Eric Schneiderman

Eric Tradd Schneiderman (born December 31, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 65th Attorney General of New York from 2011 to 2018. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Schneiderman served for a decade in the New York State Senate, elected five times.

On May 7, 2018, four women publicly said that Schneiderman had physically abused them during his tenure as Attorney General. Schneiderman did not deny the allegations and stated their sexual acts were consensual. He resigned that day, effective the next day.


Sanjeev Bhaskar

Sanjeev Bhaskar OBE (born 31 October 1963) is a British actor, broadcaster, and comedian. He is best known as a talker in the ITV's daytime show The Switch since 25 November 2019 and for his work in the BBC Two sketch comedy series "Goodness Gracious Me" and star of the sitcom "The Kumars at No. 42". He also starred as Dr. Prem Sharma in "The Indian Doctor" and a main role as DI Sunny Khan in "Unforgotten".

Bhaskar is currently the Chancellor of the University of Sussex.

In 2003, he was listed in "The Observer" as one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy. In 2006, Bhaskar was honored with the Order of the British Empire.


Damietta Governorate

Damietta Governorate ( "Muḥāfẓet Dumyat") is one of the governorates of Egypt. It is in the northeastern part of Egypt. It has a population of about 1 million. The city of Damietta is its capital.

The city of Damietta is famous for its guava farms, and for the palm trees from Ras El Bar in the east to Gamasa in the west. The governorate exports millions of palm trees to many countries every year, including Greece and China. Damietta also produces wheat, maize, cotton, rice, potatoes, lemon, grapes and tomatoes. It is famous for its sweet industry, sardine packing, and Domiati cheese. Ras El Bar is one of the oldest summer resorts in Egypt. It is at the point where the Nile meets the Mediterranean Sea.

According to population estimates from 2015, most residents in the governorate live in rural areas. Only 38.7% live in urban areas. About 1,330,843 people live in the governorate. There are 815,244 people in rural areas and 515,599 in urban areas.

The city of Damietta is famous for its skilled carpenters and furniture. Their products are sold in Egypt, and throughout the Middle East, Europe and the USA. Eighty percent of the governorate's income comes from furniture.


Alexandria Governorate

Alexandria Governorate ( "Muḥāfẓet El Eskenderiya") is one of the governorates of Egypt. The city of Alexandria was historically the capital of Egypt. Later Fustat was built, and this became Cairo. Today the governorate is considered second in importance to the Cairo Governorate. It is on the northern coast of Egypt, on the Mediterranean Sea. It is one of the most important harbours in Egypt.

Alexandria has a diverse history. It was occupied by several cultures through the years. Alexandria has many historic sites and several monuments .



Alexandria Governorate follows the Egyptian Educational System in its public schools and universities.


Alexandria governorate most common sport is football and has three main stadiums which are:




Alexandria Governorate has two international airports:




ISG Luxury Management

ISG Luxury Management is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in Geneva, Switzerland and in Paris, Bordeaux, Lille, Lyon, Montpellier, Nantes, Nice, France.

The business school is specialist in the fields of luxury, fashion and jewellery.


Solnhofen

Solnhofen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Middle Franconia in the "" of Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Altmühl valley.

Solnhofen is on the Altmühl in Bavaria. It has two districts: Hochholz and Eßlingen. It is next to the cities Pappenheim, Langenaltheim and Mörnsheim.


PBS Kids Go!

PBS Kids Go! is an educational television brand used by PBS for programs intended for older children (6 to 13-year olds), in comparison to the younger targeted PBS Kids. It was broadcast on PBS stations during the afternoon hours on weekdays. It debuted on October 11, 2004 and closed on October 7, 2013.

PBS Kids Go! programming block was launched in October 2004. With the of the PBS Kids network for PBS Kids Sprout in 2005, Kids Go continued on PBS.

In April 2006, PBS announced that, in October 2006, a 24-hour digital multicast network called PBS Kids Go! Channel would be launched with additional content. Slated were several programming blocks, an evening Go! family block targeted at both children and their families, a Spanish language-programming block, "PBS Kids Vayan!" and a school block. "KidsWorld Sports", HIT Entertainment’s "Wishbone" reruns and "Kratts’ Creatures" were planned as exclusive programs for the network. These exclusive shows plus those from the PBS block would total seven hours of original programming. At this time, PBS planned on adding one or two new series per year. The network was to be fee-based, allowing those stations that subscript to place the network's exclusive programs on their analog channel if they wish. A branded interactive club was also part of the plan, with stations working it into their existing club or starting a new club and branding it how they would like to.

With only one third of PBS stations affiliating with the network and half needed on July 6, 2006, the network was withdrawn. PBS left open the possibility to re-offer the network. Stations found that the sliding scale licensing fees were too high for what little exclusive programming they received, especially after spending additional funds for the PBS HD feed.


Möttingen

Möttingen is a municipality of the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor in 2018 is Erwin Seiler.

Tagmersheim

Tagmersheim is a municipality of the Donau-Ries district in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor in 2018 is Georg Schnell.

Jack Evans (ice hockey)

William John Trevor "Jack" Evans (April 21, 1928 – November 10, 1996) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Chicago Black Hawks.

Evans was born in Garnant, Wales, but emigrated with his parents to Drumheller, Alberta in his youth. He spoke no English until he entered school. Although he did not begin playing hockey until age 14, by age 20, a quick-learning Evans was a leading junior league defenceman and participated in the 1948 Memorial Cup. That same year, he signed a minor league contract with the Rangers. 

Evans played five games over the next two seasons, while gaining experience in the American Hockey League. He would then spend the next four years as the Rangers' seventh defenceman, moving in and out of the lineup as needed and serving as a valuable defensive reserve. During the 1954–55 NHL season, Evans finally cracked the regular lineup and worked significant minutes for the next three years on the blue line. In 1958, he was claimed by Chicago, where he would play in a similar role for his final four seasons. He was a member of the 1961 Stanley Cup winning team. Jack Evans played in 1962 NHL All Star game in Toronto. In 1964, the Blackhawks released Evans, but the veteran continued to play in a variety of minor leagues until he finally retired in 1972 at the age of 44.

In 1974, Evans was hired to coach the Salt Lake Golden Eagles of the WHL. After one season that included coach of the year honors, he was promoted to the parent club California Golden Seals. He coached the anemic franchise in its final year in the Bay Area and its two seasons as the Cleveland Barons before the financially troubled organization merged with the Minnesota North Stars in 1978 (only later to be reincarnated as the San Jose Sharks).

Evans returned to the ECHL bench before being hired by the Hartford Whalers in 1983. In his third season with the club, he earned a playoff berth, and in 1987, he led the club to a division title. A poor performance the following year resulted in Evans being fired midseason.

Evans died of prostate cancer at his Manchester, Connecticut home in 1996 at the age of 68.

Saturnalia

Saturnalia was an ancient Roman festival. It honoured of the god Saturn. It was held on 17 December of the Julian calendar. Later it lasted longer, through to 23 December. The holiday was celebrated with a sacrifice at the Temple of Saturn, in the Roman Forum, and a public banquet. There was private gift-giving, continual partying, and a carnival atmosphere. Gambling was permitted, and masters served their slaves. A common custom was the election of a "King of the Saturnalia". The poet Catullus called it "the best of days".

Long Valley Caldera

Long Valley Caldera is a depression in east California next to Mammoth Mountain. The valley is one of the Earth's largest calderas, the result of a gigantic volcanic eruption. The valley is about long (east-west), wide (north-south), and up to deep.

Long Valley formed 760,000 years ago when a supervolcanic eruption released very hot ash that later cooled to form the Bishop tuff that is common to the area. The eruption emptied the magma chamber under the area, so it collapsed. The second phase of the eruption released pyroclastic flows that burned and buried thousands of square miles. Ash from this eruption blanketed much of the western part of what is now the United States. It is not expected to explode again in such a manner.

The explosion released 600 cubic kilometres (140 cu mi) of material from vents inside the margin of the caldera. By way of comparison, the 1980 Mount St. Helens eruption released 1.2 cubic kilometres (0.29 cu mi). This eruption had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 7.

In April 2006, three members of the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area ski patrol died while on duty. All three died from suffocation by carbon dioxide when they fell into a fumarole on the slopes of the mountain while attempting to fence it off.

Panphagia

Panphagia is a sauropodomorph dinosaur. It was described in 2009. It lived around 231 million years ago, during the Late Triassic period in Argentina. The name "Panphagia" comes from the Greek words "pan", meaning "all", and "phagein", meaning "to eat". It was given that name because scientists think it was omnivirous. "Panphagia" is one of the earliest known dinosaurs. It is an important find which may mark the change of diet in early sauropodomorph dinosaurs.

Temptation of Christ

The temptation of Christ is detailed in the Gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke.
After His baptism, Jesus went into the desert where he didn't eat for 40 days. Then He was temped by Satan who told him to change stones into bread. Jesus didn't do it even though he must have been hungry. He said that Man does not live by bread alone, but by the words that come from the Father's (God's) mouth. The devil then told Jesus to jump off the highest part of the Temple to show his power, since the Bible said that God would send angels to save Him. Jesus replied that the Bible also says not to "test the Lord your God". Then the Devil offered to give Jesus all of the World's kingdoms if Jesus would worship him. Jesus replied that we should worship only God. 

All three temptations are recorded in each of the three Synoptic Gospels. But the order in which they were told is different between the accounts. Some scholars think the Gospel authors chose the order of the three temptations to make a particular point, not just because they were careless in telling the story.

Emmendingen

Emmendingen is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Emmendingen. It is at the Elz river, north of Freiburg im Breisgau. More than 26,000 people live in the town. It is the most in the Emmendingen district.


Müllheim

Müllheim is a town in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald.

Müllheim is the center of the region called Markgräflerland.


Eric Geboers

Eric Geboers (5 August 1962 – 6 May 2018) was a Belgian professional motocross racer and racing driver. He was nicknamed "The Kid", he was the first person to win world championships in the 125cc, 250cc, and 500cc divisions. He retired from the international competition after his victory in Namur, on August 5, 1990.

On 6 May 2018 during a boating trip, Geboers went missing after diving into a lake near Mol, Belgium, to save his drowning dog. His body was found by rescue services on 7 May 2018.


Atlanta Motor Speedway

Atlanta Motor Speedway is a motorsports racing track in Hampton, Georgia. The speedway, opened in 1960, covers . It is south of Atlanta, Georgia. The races held at the track are the Folds of Honor QuikTrip 500, the Rinnai 250 and the Active Pest Control 200.

The speedway holds a NASCAR Cup Series race, NASCAR Xfinity Series race and Camping World Truck Series race annually, The track is banked fifth in the straightways, and twenty-fourth in the turns. It is the only racetrack to host these events.

Juan Morano

Juan Morano Masa (5 December 1941 – 5 May 2018) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Madrid. Morano was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 2004 to 2015. He also served as the Mayor of León from 1979 to 1987 and from 1989 to 1995.

Morano died in León on 5 May 2018 at the age of 76.

Lara Saint Paul

Silvana Savorelli (30 April 1945 – 8 May 2018), professionally known as Lara Saint Paul, was an Italian-Eritrean singer, entertainer, impresario and record producer. She was born in Asmara. Lara has been featured in many television specials in Italy and around Europe, starting with the variety show "Quelli Della Domenica" in 1968, for RAI. A 1970-1971 edition of the RAI network TV show "Canzonissima".

In later years, she was on Italian television for retrospectives featuring the life of Frank Sinatra. Lara Saint Paul has worked and performed with notables such as Ray Charles, Lionel Hampton, Louis Armstrong, Roberta Flack, Frank Sinatra and Stevie Wonder. Her popular 1977 album "Saffo Music", recorded in Los Angeles.

Lara Saint Paul died of cancer, aged 73, on 8 May 2018.


Lionel Hampton

Lionel Leo Hampton (April 20, 1908 – August 31, 2002) was an American jazz vibraphonist, pianist, composer, philanthropist, percussionist, bandleader and actor. Hampton worked with Benny Goodman, Teddy Wilson and Buddy Rich to Charlie Parker and Quincy Jones. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. 

In 1992, he was added into the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame, and was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 1996.

Hampton died from heart failure on August 31, 2002 in New York City at the age of 94.


Teddy Wilson

Theodore Shaw Wilson (November 24, 1912 – July 31, 1986) was an American jazz pianist.

His work was featured on the records of many of the biggest names in jazz, including Louis Armstrong, Lena Horne, Benny Goodman, Billie Holiday, and Ella Fitzgerald. With Goodman, he was one of the first black musicians to appear prominently with white musicians.

Wilson died in New Britain, Connecticut, on July 31, 1986 of stomach cancer at the age of 73.


