Armorer

A modern armorer is someone whose job is repairing, assembling and testing of small arms. Originally, an armorer was a person who created armor for medieval knights and noblemen. Today an armorer is someone who belongs to an organization such as the police or military and who maintains guns and weapons belonging to that organization. An armorer keeps these weapons in top working condition always ready for trouble-free use in the field. By doing this an armorer extends the service life of these weapons at minimum cost to the organization. A failure of a weapon in a crucial situation could cost lives. Their job is similar (but not the same) as that of a civilian gunsmith.

The medieval armorer had to be a combination of scientist toolmaker, chemist, metallurgist, engineer and artist. He was highly skilled and worked with wood and leather as well as metals. An armorer also had to understand mathematics and geometry. Much of his work revolved around high-end blacksmithing. Because he did custom work and produced high quality armor for nobles and knights, he was paid more money than a blacksmith was. Each suit of armor was made to order and would fit that person exactly. If any part of the suit of armor was damaged in battle, the armorer would repair it. In time of war an armorer also made armor for soldiers. 

In addition to making mail (also called chain-mail), after the 14th century they began making plate armor. Armorers could also specialize in what type of armor they produced (mail or plate). They also specialized in various tasks involved in creating armor. For example a "fourbor" was a someone who polished armor. Armorers often belonged to a guild. Later there were guilds for mail armorers, plate armorers and for armorers who specialized in helmets.

In a modern police department, an armorer inspects, maintains and repairs firearms to the standards required by the manufacturer's warranty. An armorer cleans and adjusts all the handguns used by police officers. He or she also maintains the shotguns, semi-automatic and automatic weapons the officers must depend on in a crisis. Other equipment maintained by armorers includes gas masks, gas-grenades, smoke grenades and similar devices. An armorer is often involved in training other members of a department in chemical warfare equipment and practices. 

In the various militaries around the world, armorers often maintain the armory of a military organization. An armorer instructs military personnel on the proper maintenance and care of weapons issued to them. The armorer maintains receipts for equipment issued locally and also while on deployment. He or she is responsible for inspecting and repairing all arms they are responsible for. On ships, an armorer is responsible for the correct working of all weapons used by marines and sailors that vessel.

On a film crew, an armorer is the person responsible for all the weapons and firearms used during the production. Armorers work with the producer, director and property master to create a list of all the weapons that will be needed. Sometimes the prop master is also the armorer. Often they research the style of weapons used according to the period and the kind of movie. For specialty weapons the armorer consults with the production designer and the prop maker. The armorer is responsible to make sure all weapons are used comply with federal and local laws. For scenes outside the studio, armorers work with police departments to get the necessary permits. To get the weapons they need, armorers may rent or lease them from licensed armories. Many movie armorers also have their own collection of weapons they may use. Armorers explain safe weapons handling to actors and crews making certain all safety rules are met. It is their responsibility to make sure nobody is hurt while weapons are being used.


Ashton Gate

Ashton Gate might refer to;


Montmorillon

Montmorillon is a commune in the Vienne department, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, in central-western France. The clay mineral montmorillonite (a silicate) was named after Montmorillon when it was discovered there in 1847.

It is one of the two subprefectures of the Vienne department and the capital of the canton of Montmorillon.

Montmorillon is well known for its macarons, and has a museum dedicated to it.

Montmorillon is along the Gartempe river. The city is at to the southeast of Poitiers and at to the nortwest of Limoges.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Montmorillon are Saulgé, Jouhet, Sillars, Journet, Saint-Léomer, Bourg-Archambault, Lathus-Saint-Rémy and Pindray.

The climate of Montmorillon, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Montmorillon are known, in French, as "Montmorillonnais" (women: "Montmorillonnaises").

With a population of 6,155, Confolens has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montmorillon

Montmorillon is a subprefecture of the Vienne department since 1800. It is also the capital of the canton of Montmorillon.


Montmorillon is a twin town of:

Montmorillon is also partner withː



List of renamed cities in Azerbaijan

The following is a list of cities in Azerbaijan that have undergone a name change in the recent past:


Gartempe

The Gartempe is a French river that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Centre-Val de Loire regions.

It rises in the Massif Central and flows into the Creuse river, as a left tributary, in the Vienne department.

The Gartempe river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Gartempe river starts in western Massif Central, near the hamlet of "Pétillat" in the "commune" of Peyrabout, Creuse department, at an elevation of about . From here, it generally flows to the northwest.

Finally, the river flows into the Creuse river in La Roche-Posay (Vienne department, on the left side) and Yzeures-sur-Creuse (Indre-et-Loire department, on the right side).

The Gartempe flows through 5 departments and 46 "communes", in 2 regions:

The main tributaries of the Gartempe river are:


Safnern

Safnern is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Saicourt

Saicourt is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Le Fuet, Bellelay, La Bottiere and Montbautier.


Saint-Imier

Saint-Imier is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Saint-Imier is the hometown of the Longines watchmaking company. The Breitling watchmaking company was founded in Saint-Imier, but moved to Grenchen, Canton of Solothurn.


Saules, Switzerland

Saules is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Saxeten

Saxeten is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Schalunen

Schalunen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Schalunen, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Schangnau

Schangnau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schattenhalb

Schattenhalb is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schelten

Schelten () is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. This is one of two German speaking cities in the majority French-speaking Bernese Jura (Jura Bernois). The other is Seehof.

Etching

Etching is done by drawing lines through a protective coating on a copper or zinc plate. The plate is then placed into acid. The acid cuts into the unprotected parts of the surface to create a design in the metal.

The printing is done by rolling an ink pad across the surface. The ink sinks into the intaglio (cut) surface, and rolls off the waxed surface off the plate. The metal plate is then pressed onto paper.

Colgan Air Flight 3407

Colgan Air Flight 3407 was a passenger flight from Newark to Buffalo, the plane was a Bombardier Dash 8 with 49 people on board. On February 12, 2009 the plane stalled and crashed into a house in Clarence Center. Everyone on board the flight died as well as one man on the ground.

Metonic cycle

The Metonic cycle is a period of about 19 years used in astronomy and calendar studies. In particular, it is often used in the structure of lunisolar calendars, because 19 solar years is almost exactly the same length of time as 235 lunar months.

The Metonic cycle is named for the astronomer Meton of Athens, who used the cycle in the calendar of Attica in the 5th century BCE. But it was used in the calendar of many ancient cultures, including Babylonia and China, before then.

Nineteen years of 12 lunar months each would last a total of formula_1 lunar months. But from astronomy we know that 19 solar years are the same length as formula_2 lunar months. So over 19 years, formula_3 extra lunar months need to be added to make the years line up correctly. Adding a thirteenth month in a year is called "intercalation." There are different ways to do it:

A Metonic cycle is close to the length of 20 eclipse years. For that reason, some eclipses repeat for a time at 19-year intervals.


Shahidul Alam

Shahidul Alam (born 1955) is a photographer and blogger from Bangladesh. Alam was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh in 1955.

Alam received a PhD in chemistry from London University, then he decided to study photography. He started the Drik Agency, the Bangladesh Photographic Institute, and Pathshala, the South Asian Institute of Photography; which National Geographic calls "one of the finest schools of photography in the world".

Alam's work has been in many galleries, including MoMA in New York, the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, the Royal Albert Hall in London and The Museum of Contemporary Arts in Tehran. Special shows include:


Alam received many awards for photography, including the Mother Jones and the Andrea Frank Awards.

Nazimuddin Samad

Nazimuddin Samad (Bengali:নাজিমুদ্দিন সামাদ)(c. 1988 - April 6, 2016) was a law student, activist, and blogger from Sylhet in Bangladesh. He was a student at Jagannath University in Dhaka. On April 6, three or four young men killed him with machetes and shot him in the head.

Samad was a member of the ‘Sylhet Bangabanghu National Youth Parishad’. He was also an activist in Ganajagaran Mancha, for bloggers. He spoke against religious fundamentalism.

Samad received many threats. His name was on an Islamist list of 84 bloggers in Bangladesh in 2013. A local al-Qaeda group said they killed him.

Ahmed Rajib Haider

Ahmed Rajib Haider (Bengali: আহমেদ রাজীব হায়দার)(? - Feb. 15, 2013) was an architect and blogger from Bangladesh. Haider was killed on February 15, 2013. More than 100,000 people attended his funeral in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh. 

Haider organized protests against war criminals from the 1971 war. He also spoke against the fundamentalist Islamist political party Jamaat-e-Islami.
The protests started on February 5, and continued for 12 days. A group of bloggers stated the protests. They protested against a verdict by the special war tribunal that sent Abdul Quader Mollah, a Jamaat leader, to prison. Mollah was convicted of murder, rape and torture. The protesters wanted the death sentence. 

In December 2015, two students were sentenced to death for killing Haider. Police said the students got their ideas from Jashim Uddin Rahmani, the leader of a mosque in Dhaka, who said it was legal to kill bloggers. 

Creuse (river)

The Creuse () is a river in western France that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Centre-Val de Loire regions.

It rises in the Massif Central and flows into the Vienne river, as a right tributary.

The Creuse river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Leugny, Vienne.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Leugny
The Creuse river starts in the Plateau de Millevaches, a north-western extension of the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Le Mas-d'Artige, Creuse department, at an elevation of about . From here, it generally flows to the northwest.

Finally, the river flows into the Vienne river, on the right side, in the place known as "Bec des Deux Eaux" in the "communes" Port-de-Piles (Vienne), Ports and Nouâtre (Indre-et-Loire).

The Creuse flows through 5 departments and 80 "communes", in 2 regions; some of the "communes" are:

The main tributaries of the Creuse river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Guðni Th. Jóhannesson

Guðni Thorlacius Jóhannesson (born June 26, 1968) is an independent politician and the President of Iceland. He became president on August 1 2016. Guðni holds a PhD in history from Queen Mary University of London.

Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.

Hapoel Be'er Sheva Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון הכדורגל הפועל באר שבע‎‎, "Moadon HaKaduregel Hapoel Be'er Sheva") is a professional association football club that is from Beersheba, Israel. The club currently plays in the Israeli Premier League, and has been one of the best Israeli clubs since the 1970's. Hapoel Be'er Sheva was founded in 1949.

The team's colours are red and white. They play their home games at the Turner Stadium (which can hold around 16,000 people). The clubs first game was against a team made up of mostly South American players and was from southern Israel. They won that game 5-4.



2016–17 UEFA Champions League

The 2016-17 UEFA Champions League is the 62st season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA. It is the 25th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The 2017 UEFA Champions League Final was played at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales. Real Madrid are the defending champions.

The losing teams in both the champions and league route go on to the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League play-off round.

Champions route:

The champions route is only for teams that won their country's league.

League route:

The league route is only for teams who did not win their country's league.

The draw for the play-off round was held on 5 August 2016. The first legs will be played on 16 and 17 August, and the second legs will be played on 23 and 24 August 2016.

Champions route

The champions route is only for teams that won their country's league.

League route

The league route is only for teams who did not win their country's league.

The draw for the group stage will be held on 25 August 2016, at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco.

These teams already qualified for the group stage (the clubs are listed by their UEFA ranking):
These teams qualified from the play-off round:


The best two teams from each of the groups in the group stage will move on to the knockout stages. The draw for the round of 16 will be held on 12 December 2016.

<section begin="bracket" /><section end="bracket" />

The final was played on 3 June 2017 at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales.







FK Vardar

FK Vardar (Macedonian: ФК Вардар; usually just called Vardar) is a professional association football club from Skopje, North Macedonia. The club was founded in 1947and have played in every Macedonian First Football League saeson since it's creation. The club was named after the Vardar river (which runs right through the middle of Macedonia and ends at the Thermaic Gulf in Greece). FK Vardar is the most successful Macedonian team, winning 9 national championships and 5 national cups.

 Yugoslav Second League:


 Yugoslav Cup:




Mitropa Cup:

Balkans Cup:

Vuko Karov Tournament:


Lincoln Red Imps F.C.

The Lincoln Red Imps Football Club is a semi-professional association football club from Gibraltar. They currently play in the Gibraltar Premier Division and share the Victoria Stadium with all other clubs in the territory. They have won 22 league titles and 17 cup titles. The football club was first formed in 1976 by Charles Polson and Charles Head.





Falmouth, Virginia

Falmouth is a census-designated place (CDP) in Stafford County, Virginia, United States. It is situated on the north bank of the Rappahannock River at the falls. The community is north of and opposite the city of Fredericksburg. Recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), Falmouth's population was 4,274 as of the 2010 census.

Founded in 1728 by the same act of the Virginia Assembly that established neighboring Fredericksburg, Falmouth was created as a port town on the Rappahannock. It served the inhabitants living north of the river within the vast Northern Neck holdings of Lord Fairfax. His agent, Robert "King" Carter, promoted the establishment of the town. The Carter family played a dominant role in the town's growth throughout much of the colonial period. Originally located within King George County, Falmouth became part of Stafford County when county lines were redrawn in 1776.

During the American Civil War, Falmouth was occupied by Union forces in 1862 and 1863. Northern commanders located their headquarters southeast of the town during the Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville campaigns.

Today Falmouth is a residential community and a suburb of Fredericksburg. Among the community's significant historic structures is Belmont, the home of American artist Gari Melchers, now a historic house museum administered by the University of Mary Washington. Chatham Manor, the 1771 home of William Fitzhugh and a Union headquarters during the Civil War, is located downstream from Falmouth, opposite the historic district of Fredericksburg. It is administered by the National Park Service as part of Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania County Battlefields Memorial National Military Park and now serves as park headquarters.

Falmouth is located at (38.331790, -77.461361).

According to the United States Census Bureau, Falmouth has a total area of 3.2 square miles (8.4 km²), of which, 3.1 square miles (8.1 km²) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.3 km²) of it (3.09%) is water.

As of the census of 2000, there were 3,624 people, 1,323 households, and 997 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 1,155.6 people per square mile (445.6/km²). There were 1,412 housing units at an average density of 450.3/sq mi (173.6/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.29% White, 6.46% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 1.08% Asian, 0.61% from other races, and 2.35% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.15% of the population.

There were 1,323 households out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of these, 58.5% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP the population was spread out with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $57,697, and the median income for a family was $66,989. Males had a median income of $39,280 versus $31,202 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $25,544. About 5.9% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

Vienne (river)

The Vienne () is one of the most important rivers in southwestern France, a main left tributary of the lower Loire river. It supports numerous hydroelectric dams.

It flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Centre-Val de Loire regions, and two French "départements" are named after the Vienne: the Haute-Vienne (87) and the Vienne (86).

The Vienne river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Vienne river starts in the department of the Corrèze, at the foot of "Mont Audouze", on the "Plateau de Millevaches", in the "commune" of Millevaches, at an elevation of about .

It then flows roughly west to the city of Limoges where its water was used in the famous Limoges porcelain industry. A little way after Limoges it takes a turn to the north.

Finally, the river flows into the Loire river, on the left side, in the "commune" Candes-Saint-Martin.

The Vienne flows through 6 departments and 96 "communes", in 2 regions:

The Vienne flows through three regional nature parks: "Parc naturel régional de Millevaches en Limousin", "Parc naturel régional Périgord Limousin" and "Parc naturel régional Loire-Anjou-Touraine".

The main tributaries of the Vienne river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Nouâtre in the Indre-et-Loire department.



Aquia Creek

Aquia Creek () is a tributary of the tidal portion of the Potomac River and is located in Northern Virginia. The creek's headwaters lie in southeastern Fauquier County, and it empties into the Potomac at Brent Point in Stafford County, south of Washington, D.C.

The Public Quarry at Government Island in the creek served as the source for Aquia Creek sandstone. This sandstone was used in numerous public buildings. The most important of these public buildings was the first White House in Washington, DC. It was painted white for symbolic reasons. The National Capitol Columns were also quarried at the Aquia Creek Public Quarry in the early 1800s. They were transported to Washington on a barge.

In an early American Civil War skirmish, the Battle of Aquia Creek, three US gunboats battled a Confederate shore battery. The skirmish took place from May 29, 1861 to June 1, 1861 during the Union campaign to blockade the Chesapeake Bay. There were an estimated 10 casualties.

C96

The Mauser C96, is a German semi-automatic pistol that has a broomhandle-style pistol grip made by Mauser. Nicknames for the gun include the Broomhandle (named for its grip), the Red 9, and the box cannon. Although there were some semi-automatic pistols made before it was invented, the C96 was one of the first that was successful. The C96 was used by many countries including Germany, Spain, China, and the Soviet Union. The C96 was made by Germany from 1896 until 1937. Spain and China made many copies of the C96. Although it was invented in Germany, it was never the standard pistol for the German military. It was still a very popular pistol for German soldiers and officers until the end of World War II. The only country that made the C96 its standard pistol was China.

The C96 had many different models that fired different types of bullets. The first models fired 7.63x25mm Mauser bullets, but Germany later made a 9x19mm Parabellum version. 9x19mm versions of the gun have a red number 9 imprinted on the handle so that people would know to only load 9x19mm bullets and not the 7.63x25mm bullets. This is how the 9x19mm versions got the nickname "Red 9". In China, .45 ACP versions were made for the police and the military. The Chinese Army nicknamed the C96 the "box cannon," but the official name was the Type 17 pistol.

The gun comes with a magazine built in the gun. Most magazines for the C96 could hold 6 bullets, 10 bullets, or 20 bullets. Unlike most semi-automatic pistols, in order to load the C96, the shooter must load the bullets through the top of the gun using a stripper clip (like what you see in the picture above), rather than load a box magazine inside the grip. The C96 can also attach a wooden buttstock to the grip so that the shooter can aim more easily. The buttstock is also used as the gun's holster. The gun was also one of the first machine pistols, since some models allow the shooter to shoot the gun in full automatic fire.

Although the C96 is a little awkward to use, especially compared to most modern pistols, its unusual appearance make it a popular weapon in video games, like "Resident Evil 4", the "Metal Gear" series, the Zombies game mode in the "Call of Duty" series, "", "Battlefield 1", "", "Far Cry 4", and many others. The C96 was also the basis for Han Solo's weapon (called a "blaster") in the Star Wars pictures.

Plumcot

Tetriodon is a hybrid fruit. A plumcot is part plum and part apricot. There are many different types of plumcot. Some of them are about half plum and half apricot, while others are mostly plum. One well-known type of plumcot is called the plumcot or the pluot, which is a trademarked name for plumcots that were developed in the 1980s by Floyd Zaiger. The first plumcots were bred in the late 1800s by Luther Burbank.

Flintlock

A flintlock is a general term for firearms that use the flintlock firing mechanism. It can also refer just to the firing mechanism itself. A flintlock uses a piece of flint held in a locking jaw. When the trigger is pulled, a hammer with the flint attached falls, striking a piece of steel called a "frizzen". This causes a spark which causes the gunpowder in the pan (directly below the flint) to ignite. Through a small hole, this ignites the main powder charge in the breech of the gun causing it to fire the round ball, shot or bullet. The flintlock was a very popular type of musket for over 200 years. Flintlocks were available with smoothbore and later rifled gun barrels.

The first form of flintlock appeared in 1570 and was called a snaphaunce. About 1630, Frenchman Marin le Bourgeoys created the first "true" flintlock, also called the "French lock". Bourgeoys was in the service of King Louis XIII of France for whom he created the flintlock mechanism. The French lock simplified the Snaphaunce design by creating a one-piece, L-shaped frizzen. This is the style seen on most flintlocks today.

Like earlier designs such as the matchlock, the flintlock design was used for smoothbore long guns or muskets. But soon it was used for shotguns and pistols. Officers on sailing ships and army officers used flintlock pistols as well.








War of Attrition

The War of Attrition (1967–1970) was a war between Egypt and Israel. It ran from March 1969 to 7th August 1970 when the ceasefire was restored. It followed the Six-Day War in 1967, when Israel won a victory and captured the Golan Heights, Gaza Strip and the West Bank.

Both sides used attrition warfare in an attempt to weaken the other. Both Egypt and Israel thought that by wearing down the other they would gain an advantage in later negotiations. Egypt wanted its territory back from Israel. The leader of Egypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser, thought that by waging a low-grade war against Israel, he would exhaust their resources and get them to give up the territory. Israel wanted to secure its hold on the Sinai and annex it to Israel.

In the end, neither side achieved their goals. Egypt did not force an Israeli withdrawal. Israel still occupied the Sinai. Both sides claimed they won the war. The Israeli death toll included 5,000 soldiers and 600 civilians. Approximately 6,000 soldiers and 1700 civilians were wounded. Egypt lost about 4,000 soldiers and 900 officers. Another 2,000 Egyptian soldiers and 200 officers were captured. Egypt lost about 60% of its military equipment. The Suez Canal remained closed to shipping.


Secret (Madonna song)

"Secret" is a pop song from Madonna's studio album "Bedtime Stories". This song is about a lover having a secret. It hit #3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was released on September 27, 1994. It was declared Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

Express Yourself (Madonna song)

"Express Yourself" is a 1989 dance-pop song by Madonna. The lyrics are about female empowerment and inspire women to go for the best. The song was a tribute to American R&B-funk band Sly and the Family Stone.

The song peaked at #2 on the American "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

There are many versions of the song. One is almost eleven minutes long.

Fast &amp; Furious (2009 movie)

Fast & Furious (also known by Fast & Furious 4) is a 2009 American action movie directed by Justin Lin. The story was written by Chris Morgan. The movie is the fourth one of the "Fast and the Furious" movies. The movie gets back together the actors Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Michelle Rodriguez and Jordana Brewster. The movie follows from "The Fast and the Furious", the 2001 movie into a the time right now. The same actors are in both movies. The movie came out on April 3, 2009. The movie got bad comments when it came out. The movie made $363 million dollars all over the world.


Arda Turan

Arda Turan (born 30 January 1987) is a Turkish football player. He plays for F.C. Barcelona and Turkey national team.

FN F2000

The F2000 is an Belgian bullpup 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle. 

The F2000 has been in production since 2001. It is used in many countries including Belgium, Libya, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and more. The F2000 is a replacement of the FN FNC. 

The FS2000 is a civilian version of the gun. FS2000 is only semi-automatic and has a long barrel. It began production in 2006.

Gold Star family

Gold Star families (or Gold Star American families) are the relatives of US military members who died in battle.

Starting in World War I, the families of US soldiers and sailors often flew flags that had a blue star for each member of the family that was serving in the military. If one of them died in battle, the blue star was changed to a gold star. In August of 1947, the United States Congress authorized the military to present a gold star lapel pin to the family members of those killed in action. That first pin was a simple gold star on a purple background with a laurel wreath around the star. Another pin—this time a gold star with a gold background and four oak sprigs around the star—was authorized by Congress in 1973. It was awarded to the next of kin of service members who die during military service.

The military continues to award Gold Star lapel pins to the family members or next of kin of service members who die during military service.


Sex hormone

Sex hormones, also called sex steroids, are steroid hormones that interact with androgen or estrogen receptors. 

The non-steroid luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone and gonadotropin-releasing hormone are usually not regarded as sex hormones, although they play major sex-related roles.

Natural sex steroids are made by the gonads (ovaries or testes), by adrenal glands, or by conversion from other sex steroids in tissues such as liver or fat.

Darwin Day

Darwin Day is celebrated in the United States on 12 February, the birthday of Charles Darwin. This recognizes the importance of his book "The Origin of Species", the basis of the theory of evolution. The decision was taken by the US Congress. 

The date is not widely known or celebrated in the UK. However, 2009 was the 200th anniversary of Darwin's birth and was also the 150th anniversary of the publication of "Origin of Species". Events were planned, with celebrations in Shrewsbury (his birthplace), the University of Cambridge, and the Natural History Museum in London.

SPAS-12

The SPAS-12 is an Italian combat shotgun that was produced from 1979 until 2000. The SPAS-12 is a dual-mode shotgun, adjustable for semi-automatic or pump-action operation. The SPAS-12 has been popular in many movies, TV shows, and video games including Call of Duty, Battlefield, Grand Theft Auto, Left 4 Dead and more.

Lucille Dumont

Lucille Dumont (January 20, 1919 – July 29, 2016) was a Canadian singer, radio host and television host. She was credited by the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame for having "served and personified" Quebec popular music. She was also credited with being "at the birth of Quebec television", having been in Radio Canada's first television shows.

Dumont was inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2006.

Dumont was born in Montreal, Quebec. She died at age 97.

Mukto-Mona

Mukto-Mona (Bengali: মুক্তমনা ) is the first online platform for Bengali speaking freethinkers, atheists, and secular bloggers and writers, started by Avijit Roy. The meaning of Mukto-Mona is "free mind". The website supports free expression and criticizes religious fundamentalism, especially Islamic religious fundamentalism. 

The Council for Secular Humanism called Mukto-Mona "the largest and the fastest-growing collection of contemporary freethinkers in Bangladesh and within South Asia". The group worked with international NGOs like the Center for Inquiry and the International Humanist and Ethical Union. 

The website was moderated by Avijit Roy. Roy was killed on February 26, 2015. Ananta Bijoy Das also wrote for the blog. Das was killed on May 12, 2015. The group al-Qaida in the Indian Subcontinent said they were responsible for Roy's death. Ananta Bijoy Das was on a list of targets by the same group of Islamists who were behind the murder of Avijit Roy. 

In May 2001, Avijit Roy started a Yahoo group called Mukto-Mona, meaning "free mind". In 2002 Mukto-Mona moved to a blog. Mukto-Mona was the first Bengali group to celebrate Darwin Day and International Women's Day on the internet. The group worked for freedom for religious minorities and secular writers. They worked with international secularist groups to protest killings and arrests. They also discussed religious questions and LGBT issues, that were taboo subjects in Bangladesh. In 2005 the website was banned in the United Arab Emirates. 

In 2015, Mukta-Mona received "The Bobs – Best of Online Activism" award from German public broadcaster Deutsche Welle. Blogger Rafida Bonya Ahmed, the wife of murdered blogger Avijit Roy, received the award.


International Humanist and Ethical Union

The International Humanist and Ethical Union (IHEU) is a humanist NGO based in the U.K. It has members on United Nations committees and other international organizations. It was started in Amsterdam in 1952.

Thesis statement

In an essay or research paper, a thesis statement is a statement at the start or the end of an introduction that shows the reader the argument of the essay. A thesis statement gives concise information about what the whole essay is about, including the topic of the paper. It is usually just one sentence but it may have more than one sentence. The thesis statement is explained further using body paragraphs. Thesis statements are not obscure, because obscurity happens when a "writer himself is not quite sure of his meaning. He has a vague impression of what he wants to say, but has not, either from lack of mental power or from laziness, exactly formulated it in his mind, and it is natural enough that he should not find a precise expression for a confused idea.” (W. Somerset Maugham). Clarity and unity of a thought in an essay flows from a good thesis statement. Rubrics of a good essay involve good sentence development and formation acceptable to grammatical standards and relevant word choices organized in forms of phrases, clauses and sentences.

The thesis statement is developed, supported, and explained in the course of the paper by means of examples and evidence. Thesis statements help organize and develop the body of the writing piece. They let readers know, what the writer's statement is and what it is aiming to prove. A thesis statement does not necessarily forecast organization of an essay which can be more complex than its purpose.

The thesis statement will reflect the kind of paper being written. There are three kinds of papers: analytical, expository, and argumentative. The structure of a thesis statement depends upon the nature of controlling essay type. In simple terms, first a thesis statement will have a main topic sentence formed from questioning the topic, then the writer's statement regarding the topic sentence, and finally ends with the specific supporting points detailing the writer's statement for justifying its relation with the topic sentence. In general, it should have a supportable opinion (specific/focused) and clear intent for the essay.

Metropolitan City of Bari

The Metropolitan City of Bari () is a metropolitan city in the Apulia region of Southern Italy. Its capital, and of the Apulia region, is the city of Bari.

It replaced the Province of Bari and includes the city of Bari and some forty other municipalities ("comuni"). It was first created by the reform of local authorities (Law 142/1990) and then established by the Law 56/2014. It has been operative since January 1, 2015.

The Metropolitan City of Bari is in the central part of Apulia and has an area of .

The Metropolitan City is bordered on the east by the Adriatic Sea, to the northwest by Basilicata (province of Potenza), to the north by the province of province of Barletta-Andria-Trani, to the west with Basilicata (province of Matera), to the southeast by the province of province of Brindisi and to the south with the province of Taranto.

, there are 1,263,820 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The province has 41 "comuni". The "comuni" with more people living in them (more than 30,000) areː

The largest "comune" is Altamura, with and the smallest is Cellamare, with . The "comune" with fewest inhabitants is Poggiorsini, with 1,450 inhabitants.



Scheunen

Scheunen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Scheunen and Münchringen merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.

BC Budivelnyk

BC Budivelnyk Kyiv - is a Ukrainian basketball team. It was founded in 1945.



Scheuren

Scheuren is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Candidate

A candidate, or "nominee", is a person (or a thing) which is being considered for something. For a person, it might be an award or honor or membership of a group. An election, for example, often chooses one or a few, among two or more candidates. The word comes from a Latin word for white, because men who wanted to be chosen would wear white so everyone would notice them. 

The word is also used in problem-solving. In chess, a distinction is made between legal moves and candidate moves. The candidate moves are those selected for a more detailed examination.


Biel/Bienne (administrative district)

The administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the Swiss canton of Bern has 19 municipalities in an area of 97.63 km².

Brown Bess

The Brown Bess is a nickname for the British Short Land Pattern Musket. It was produced from 1725 to 1838. The Land Pattern, or more popularly known as the "Brown Bess", and its versions were all .75 caliber smoothbore flintlock muskets. They were the standard guns for all land forces in the British Empire. It was one of the most important military firearms ever designed. It helped win the British Empire. The Brown Bess was replaced after 1838 by smoothbore percussion cap muskets. Its effective range was about but in most battle situations the distance between forces was only about . Even at that range the gun was not particularly accurate. The British tactic was to fire in vollies followed by a bayonet attack. While the origins of the name Brown Bess are uncertain, a plausible explanation is the name was based on the German "Braun buss", meaning strong gun. The gun was commissioned during the reign of King George I of Great Britain, who was from Germany.

One of the earliest forms of flintlock musket used by the English Army was the "dog lock". Very similar to the snaphaunce it was the first to introduce the half-cocked position of the hammer. This made the gun much safer to handle and load. It was in use during the English Civil War and many found their way to the British North American colonies. Another name for the dog lock was the English lock, and the gun was a Swedish styled musket. Some of these have been found at Jamestown and Yorktown, Virginia by archaeologists.

Between 1710 and 1720 the first King's pattern musket called “Long Land Service” came into use. It had a barrel, iron furniture and the French lock (or "true" flintlock) style of flintlock. Later the metal parts (furniture) were changed to brass and the wood ramrod which broke easily was replaced by an iron ramrod.

About 1722, the British Long Land Pattern musket was developed. It created a pattern for arms makers to the British Army to follow, creating a standard weapon. The Long Land Pattern musket weighed just over and was long. It had a barrel and held a long bayonet that was used as a crude gunsight. About 1756 the second version called the Short Land Pattern musket was introduced. The barrel was shortened to although the longer Long Land Pattern continued to be made until 1790.

In about 1768, a new pattern Short Land Service Musket with a barrel was produced. This was the result of the 1768 Clothing Warrant that was intended to lessen the weight of uniforms and equipment carried by British soldiers. In addition to shortening the musket, to reduce its weight, soldiers could no longer carry swords (except in the Highland and Grenadier units). Uniforms were trimmed to be less bulky. This is the gun most used by British forces during the American Revolutionary War. Among the variety of weapons used by the Continental Army, versions of the Brown Bess were also used.

The British manual listed 11 drill maneuvers soldiers had to follow to load and fire their muskets. This was the same drill as the one in the drill manual by Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben for the Continental Army. Unless otherwise mentioned steps are performed in one motion:


At this point, observing the troops are all ready to fire, the command is given to "fire". The drill is then repeated as necessary.


Emmental (administrative district)

The administrative district of Emmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 42 municipalities in an area of 691 km².

Schlosswil

Schlosswil was a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Schlosswil merged into the municipality of Grosshöchstetten.

Battle of Pirano

The Battle of Pirano was a naval battle of the Adriatic campaign of the Napoleonic Wars. It was between France and the United Kingdom. The battle was fought around Piran and Grado. 

Emirates Flight 521

Emirates Flight 521 was an Emirates airline crashed upon landing in Dubai International Airport on 3 August 2016. One person was killed and 39 others injured. 

Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani

The Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani () is a province in the Apulia region of Southern Italy. The capital is shared by three cities: Barletta, Andria and Trani. The province borders the Adriatic Sea.

It was created from 10 municipalities ("comuni"), which were formerly in the provinces of Bari (7 municipalities) and Foggia (3 municipalities), taking its name from the three cities which share the new administrative functions of the province.

The province of Barletta-Andria-Trani is in the central part of Apulia and has an area of .

The province borders to the northwest by the province of Foggia, to the north and northeast by the Adriatic Sea, to the east with the Metropolitan City of Bari, to the south by province of Potenza (Basilicata region).

The main river of the province, and of the Apulia region, is the Ofanto river, that flows into the Adriatic Sea between Margherita di Savoia and Barletta.

The highest point in the province is "Monte Caccia", high; it is in the "Altopiano delle Murge", a karstic plateau of rectangular shape in southern Italy.

, there are 393,534 persons (194402 males and 199,132 females) living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The province has 10 "comuni".


Schüpfen

Schüpfen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Dissociative

Dissociatives are a type of hallucinogenic drug. Dissociatives can make the user feel separated or "dissociated" from their body and environment. They are often used as anesthetic, to make people unconscious during operations or for other medical uses. 

Dissociatives change users perceptions and can cause hallucinations, trance and euphoria. They are usually only used on animals or children, who won't notice these effects. However, for this reason they are also used recreationally or for fun. In many countries however, they are illegal to use for this purpose. Some dissociatives, like that produced from "Salvia divinorum", enter the bloodstream and attach to opioid receptors in the brain. Others attach to dopamine receptors. Most block the chemical glutamate from its normal action in the brain. Glutamate is important in how the brain processes memory and pain. The most commonly available dissociatives around the world are ketamine, phencyclidine (PCP) and dextromethorphan or DXM.

Schwadernau

Schwadernau is a municipality in Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Springfield Model 1795 Musket

The US Springfield Model 1795 Musket was the first smoothbore flintlock musket produced in the United States. It was based on the French Model 1763 Charleville musket and like the French design was a .69 caliber musket. The Charleville and the Brown Bess were the two most famous muskets during the 18th century. The Charleville musket had been the primary musket used by Americans during the American Revolutionary War. The Charleville being the more accurate of the two, it was selected as the model for a new American musket.

About the middle of the 18th century, French gunsmith Honoré Blanc developed the concept of interchangeable parts for muskets. Blanc tried to interest other European gunsmiths, but they were not impressed by the idea. But he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 10,000 muskets to be delivered within two years. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. Congress had already decided to pattern the new musket after the 1763 French Charleville model. Whitney, like other contractors, had been given 2 or 3 to work with.

The Model 1795 muskets were the first muskets produced at the Springfield Armory and also the Harpers Ferry Armory. The Harpers Ferry Armory did not begin producing the muskets until 1798 at the earliest and more probably started around 1800. There were some distinct differences in the muskets produced at the two armories. The models from the Springfield Armory have dates of manufacture on the lockplate and have an eagle stamp with the word "Springfield". Between 1795 and 1816, the Springfield Armory produced about 85,000 muskets. Between the two armories, some 700,000 muskets were produced between 1795 and 1844. This makes it the longest production run in American history. The Springfield musket was used in the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War, and even the American Civil War. They were also carried on the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Created in 1777, during the American Revolution the arsenal stored muskets, cannon, and other weapons. When France entered the war on the side of the United States, the large stores of arms and ammunition were sent to Springfield for storage and to be sent to the troops. After the war there were large supplies of Charleville muskets stored at Springfield. When the US decided to manufacture its own muskets, Springfield had a daunting task ahead of it. The government had to start up arms factories with no past experience in doing so. When Whitney was awarded the contract (for five years) he was paid most of the money up front. The contract paid Whitney $13.40 per musket when it was determined the Springfield armory could make them for $10 each. The reason they did this was to learn from Whitney and other contractors how the weapon was produced and assembled efficiently. When government inspectors saw talented workers at various contractor's factories, they would often persuade them to come work at Springfield. By the 1840s the government no longer saw the need to pay contractors the higher prices and would award contracts based on the best bid.



Schwanden bei Brienz

Schwanden bei Brienz is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schwarzhäusern

Schwarzhäusern is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Roggwil, Berne

Roggwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


RPK machine gun

The RPK is a Soviet machine gun that was designed by Mikhail Kalashnikov. The RPK is a replacement of the older RPD. The RPK production began in 1961 and ended in 1978. The RPK-74 began in 1974 replacing the older RPK. The RPK was based on the AK-47. The RPK was used by the NVA and Viet Congs in the Vietnam War.

South Italy

South Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

South Italy is defined only for statistical and for some elections. It should not to be confused with the "Mezzogiorno", or Southern Italy, which generally refers to all the southern half of the Italian State, including the island of Sicily and sometimes even Sardinia. The two islands form a distinct statistical region.region.

South Italy borders to the north with Central Italy (to the northwest with Lazio and to the northeast with Marche). The Adriatic Sea is to the east and the Tyrrhenian Sea to the west, and the Ionian Sea to the south.

The Apennines are mountain ranges that goes from north to south through South Italy. The highest point in the region is the Corno Grande () (part of the Gran Sasso) that is high.

Central Italy encompasses six of the 20 regions of Italy, including 24 provinces and 1,789 comuniː

The "comuni" with more than 100,000 persons living in them areː


Champdor-Corcelles

Champdor-Corcelles is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France. It was established on 1 January 2016. It is made of the former communes of Champdor and Corcelles.


Le Poizat-Lalleyriat

Le Poizat-Lalleyriat is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France. It was established on January 1, 2016. It is made of the former communes of Lalleyriat and Le Poizat.


Val-Revermont

Val-Revermont is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France. It was established on January 1, 2016. It is made of the former communes of Treffort-Cuisiat and Pressiat.


Schwendibach

Schwendibach was a municipality in Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipality of Schwendibach became part of of Steffisburg.

Seeberg

Seeberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The lake Burgäschisee is on the border with Aeschi. On 1 January 2016, the former municipality of Hermiswil merged into Seeberg.


Laws of motion

In physics, a number of noted theories of the motion of objects have developed. Among the best-known are:

Interchangeable parts

Interchangeable parts is a basic concept of creating identical or nearly identical parts to be mass produced. These parts can then be put together to form a product. For example, cars, computers, furniture, almost all products used today, are made from interchangeable parts. These parts are made with precision machines so each part can fit in any product that uses this part. Since it is no longer necessary to make each part one at a time and by hand, assembling products takes fewer workers. This lowers the cost of the product. Interchangeability of parts also allows products to be repaired by replacing a broken part with an identical new part. Eli Whitney was the first to use interchangeable parts in manufacturing.

Several inventors have had the idea of interchangeable parts in the past. But their version of the idea revolved around parts that had very loose tolerances or were used only for very simple parts. In 1720 a Swedish inventor named Christopher Polhem used interchangeable parts for clocks in his workshop. But the idea was not used outside his shops. 

About the middle of the 18th century, French gunsmith Honoré Blanc developed the concept of interchangeable parts for muskets. Blanc tried to interest other European gunsmiths, but they were not impressed by the idea. But he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. It came at a critical time when Congress was preparing for a war with France. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 10,000 muskets to be delivered within two years. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. What he produced was the first smoothbore flintlock musket produced in the United States, the Springfield Model 1795 Musket. Whitney's idea of using machines to create interchangeable parts started what came to be known as the "American system" of mass production.

The concept of mass production depends on the use of interchangeable parts. One of the most famous inventors to use interchangeable parts, mass production and the assembly line was Henry Ford. Unlike other cars of the time, his Ford Model T used the same identical parts in each vehicle. Parts were created in large quantities and delivered to his assembly plant where workers built the cars on an assembly line. This allowed Ford to produce a quality vehicle ready to go in just 93 minutes. Ford raised workers' wages in 1914 to $5 a day. That was an excellent wage at the time, so much so that it allowed many of his workers to buy their own Model T. That same year Ford produced more cars than all other car manufacturers combined. His least expensive model in 1914, the Runabout, sold for $440. By 1925 he was able to sell a Model T for as little as $260.


Social media in the 2016 United States presidential election

In 2016, social media had the biggest effect ever on the United States presidential election. For the first time, social media created the change (of plans for Democratic and Republican primaries) rather than talking about it. Many journalists expected this.

Many presidential candidates benefited from the use of social media in the 2016 election. 
Many people think social media is the reason Bernie Sanders did so well in the Democratic primaries. In May 2016, 450,000 people belonged to the pro-Sanders Facebook group "Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash". Another pro-Sanders group, "Bernie or Hillary?", exists.

Social media is also thought by most people to be the reason Donald Trump did so well in the Republican primaries. Activity by Donald Trump supporters on social media was one of the things talked about at the first Republican debate. Trump mentioned that his social media accounts provided a tremendous platform for his election and helps keep people interested. 

"Right Side Broadcasting Network" often uploads live footage of Donald Trump rallys on YouTube, causing their popularity to go way up.

In April 2016, Correct the Record, a pro-Clinton super PAC, started a program called "Barrier Breakers" that wants to compete with the mostly online volunteer efforts of Sanders and Trump supporters. With $1 million in funding, Correct the Record hired a paid staff of people that used to be reporters, bloggers, public affairs specialists, designers to post good things about Clinton.

On June 9, 2016, as a response to Donald Trump's tweet about Obama's endorsement to Clinton, she wrote with a three word tweet: "Delete your account". This tweet has become her most retweeted tweet of all time.

By the end of June 2016, this most retweeted tweet of all time got more than 1,000,000 interactions. 

One form of social media being used in the 2016 election are memes. "The Guardian" compared Internet memes to political cartoons, saying, "For the first time in a US election cycle, community-generated (created) memes have grown to play a significant (important) role in political discourse (debate), similar to the classic printed cartoon. While an Internet meme is unlikely to destroy a political career, lots of memes targeting a candidate might." Many memes attacked Ted Cruz.

FN BRG-15

FN BRG-15 was a heavy machine gun. It was designed by Fabrique Nationale de Herstal to replace Browning M2HB .50 caliber heavy machine gun. However, the project was cancelled in the early 1990s.

Mettauertal

Mettauertal is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Etzgen, Hottwil, Mettau, Oberhofen and Wil merged into the new municipality of Mettauertal.


Münchwilen, Aargau

Münchwilen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Unterehrendingen

Unterehrendingen is a village and former municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Unterehrendingen and Oberehrendingen merged into the new municipality of Ehrendingen

Lodano

Lodano is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo merged into the municipality of Maggia.

Honoré Blanc

Honoré Blanc (1736–1807) was a French gunsmith and inventor. He was one of the first to use the concept of interchangeable parts. Blanc was born in Avignon, France in 1736. At age 12 he became an apprentice to a gunsmith. He was an armorer at the Charleville armory in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes, France. In 1763 he became the controller of gunlocks at the Saint-Étienne arms factory. Just before the French Revolution, he came up with the idea of interchangeable parts for gun locks. 

By the 1760s, Blanc was making specialized machinery and tools to make gunlocks. His design for the Musket Model 1777 was accepted and he was made chief controller for three arms factories. In 1785, in an experiment, Blanc mixed parts from 25 gunlocks and assembled several models with ease. His demonstration showed the benefit of interchangeable parts and how it worked. He repeated the experiment for military policy makers in 1790. The French Academy of Sciences supported his idea in 1791. But the Legislative assembly would not fund his work. Blanc shifted his attention to setting up a private company to produce gunlocks using interchangeable parts in 1791. Even after receiving permission and s from the French government, he was very slow in getting started. He did not produce any gunlocks until 1796. His factory was still making gunlocks in 1807 when Blanc died.

While European gunsmiths were not impressed by the idea, he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 10,000 muskets to be delivered within two years. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. This was the first time in the US Blanc's ideas of mass production were put to use. Congress had already decided to pattern the new musket after the 1763 French Charleville musket. This was one that Blanc had worked on early in his career. What resulted was the Springfield Model 1795 Musket, the first military musket made in the United States.


Seedorf, Bern

Seedorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Seedorf, Lobsigen, Wiler, Frieswil, Baggwil, Ruchwil, Dampfwil, Aspi, Grissenberg and Frienisberg.


Seehof, Switzerland

Seehof () is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. This is one of two German speaking cities in the majority French-speaking Bernese Jura (Jura bernois). The other is Schelten.

Long range shooting

Long range shooting is a relative term generally meaning accurate shooting at distances ordinary shooters with ordinary rifles could not hit. For example, Daniel Boone, using a flintlock rifle could probably hit a target at up to . Today, expert marksmen are hitting targets well over away. Modern long range shooting is more than just using modern machined actions and precision gun barrels. These produce a rifle that a decent shooter can hit targets at about 250 yards, ranges that were unheard of by black powder shooters. 

The ability to hit a target at (or 10 football fields away) requires the shooter to become an expert in ballistics. First, the shooter has to know exactly how far away target is. They have to be able to compensate for windage (the effects of wind on a bullet). Next, the shooter has to compute the "elevation". This is how far "above" the target the shooter must aim to compensate for the force of gravity on the bullet at a given distance. Shooters have to compensate also for shots uphill or downhill from their position. 

Other factors include "bullet Drift". This means a bullet that fired out of the barrel with a muzzle velocity (speed at the muzzle) of 2800 FPS that exits a barrel with 1:12 rifling is spinning at 168,000 RPMs. At just the bullet will drift about in the direction it was spinning. If the rifle has a right-hand twist, the bullet will go to the right of the target.

Long range shooters, and especially snipers, operate as a team. As difficult as long range shooting is, it would be even harder without a spotter. Spotters are also trained snipers or long range shooters. The spotter has a number of jobs. He helps locate the target. He does most of the calculations for elevation, windage, and hitting a moving target. With several targets, the spotter decides which to hit first. Spotters also measure the humidity, temperature, and the angle of the shot. He then tells the sniper/shooter what adjustments to make to the rifle scope. Finally, the spotter tells the shooter where the round hit—on target or a miss—and what adjustments to make to get back on-target.


Battle rifle

A battle rifle is a weapon that fires a powerful bullet such as 7.62×51mm NATO (.308 caliber) or 7.62×54mmR. They were most often used in the Cold War. Today, most armies use smaller, intermediate bullets like the 5.56×45mm NATO, but many many soldiers from different countries still use battle rifles - for example, in a sniper role. 

Some of the most popular battle rifles are the FN FAL, G3, and M14, all first made during the Cold War. Newer examples of this type of weapon include the Belgian or the American . There are also older weapons that can be described as battle rifles - for example, the M1 Garand rifle, used in World War II.

While battle rifles are much less popular now than in past decades, some armies are going back to the idea of giving their soldiers larger caliber rifles. In 2022, the United States Army decided to replace the old 5.56 M4 carbine with the , which fires a much bigger 6.8×51mm bullet. And the Turkish army uses the , a .308 battle rifle, as its standard issue weapon.

Ofanto

The Ofanto () is a river in South Italy that flows through the regions of Campania, Basilicata, and Apulia, and into the Adriatic Sea.

The Ofanto river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Ofanto river starts in the Apennines mountains, within the "Irpinia" (a historical region of the southern Apennines around Avellino), at an elevation of about , in the "comune" of Torella dei Lombardi, Province of Avellino, Campania. From there it runs southeast flowing into "Lago di Conza", a man-made reservoir.

The river forms the border between the province of Avellino and the province of Potenza and then turns to the north, forming the border between the province of Foggia and the province of Potenza. It then turns to the northeast and forms the border between the province of Foggia and the province of Barletta-Andria-Trani.

Finallly, the river flows, in the community of "Fiumara" between Margherita di Savoia and Barletta, into the Adriatic Sea near the Gulf of Manfredonia.

The Ofanto flows through 3 regions, 4 provinces and 33 "comuni", all in South Italy:

Most tributaries of the Ofanto river are small streams. Some of them are:


Apple Maps

Apple Maps is a mapping service. It is an app that comes with every iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, and Apple Watch, but not available on the web. It gives information about local businesses and their ratings, and reads driving directions as you are driving; or on an Apple Watch, it will vibrate when you need to turn. Apple Maps is also known for its 3D views of many major metro areas, which has been compared favorably to Google Earth.

It started in 2012, but when it started many users did not trust it and went back to using Google Maps. Apple has been busy fixing it so users can trust it, and nowadays Apple Maps is used 3.5 times as much as Google Maps on devices Apple Maps is supported. At first, Apple Maps was only on iOS, but Apple has made it so Apple Maps can also be used on Macs and Apple Watches.

Ajamu Baraka

Ajamu Baraka (born October 25, 1953) is an African American human rights activist. He is the Green Party's presumptive nominee for Vice President of the United States, in the 2016 election running with Jill Stein. Baraka has taught political science at Clark Atlanta University, Spelman College, and other academic institutions.

 

The Parent Trap (1998 movie)

The Parent Trap is a 1998 American romantic comedy movie co-written and directed by Nancy Meyers, and produced and co-written by Charles Shyer. It is a remake of the 1961 movie of the same name.

Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson star as a divorced couple who separated shortly after their identical twin daughters' birth; Lindsay Lohan stars (in her movie debut) as both twins.

Seftigen

Seftigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Signau

Signau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Signau, Schüpbach, Höhe, Mutten and Häleschwand.


Frutigen-Niedersimmental (administrative district)

The administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 13 municipalities in an area of 774 km².

Interlaken-Oberhasli (administrative district)

The administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the Swiss canton of Bern has 29 municipalities in an area of 1,229 km².

Tonia Sotiropoulou

Tonia Sotiropoulou (born on 28 April 1987 in Glyfada, Athens, Greece) is a Greek actress and model. She left Greece to begin her international career when she was 21 years old. She is best known for being in the 2012 film "Skyfall". She also played in the 2014 film Hercules with Dwayne Johnson and Ian McShane.


Shermine Shahrivar

Shermine Shahrivar (; born on 20 November 1982) is a German model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Europe in 2005. She was born in Tehran, Iran.

She became Miss Germany in 2004 and then won the overall title of Miss Europe in 2005 while competing in France. She then participated in the Miss Universe 2004. Shermine currently lives in New York City where she is studying acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute.

She was born to Iranian parents. Her family moved to Germany when she was one year old. Her mother and brothers live in Germany. She was raised speaking German and Persian, and she is also fluent in French and English. Shahrivar has a university degree in social sciences. She was chosen to be the host of a Nowruz celebration in Oberhausen, Germany on March 19, 2005. She hosted Traumpartner TV in Germany from December 2004 to August 2005. She was also in an October edition of the German "Playboy".

She dated German actor Thomas Kretschmann in 2008 and then Australian actor Xavier Samuel in 2010. She is now dating Lapo Elkann.


Sigriswil

Sigriswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Aeschlen ob Gunten, Gunten, Meiersmaad, Merligen, Ringoldswil, Schwanden, Sigriswil, Tschingel ob Gunten, Wiler, Endorf, Reust and Justistal.


Social structure

Social structure is the framework of a society founded by a distinct tradition of hierarchy by birth in the social group and by occupation or tradition of work as a distinct social class.


Social investment

Social investments are resource inputs in any social groups or society that may bring about a social change. Special banks or cooperatives like Oikocredit make investments to help society.



Siselen

Siselen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sonceboz-Sombeval

Sonceboz-Sombeval is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is in the French-speaking Bernese Jura.


Sonvilier

Sonvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the Swiss canton of Bern.


List of flag bearers for Azerbaijan at the Olympics

This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Azerbaijan at the Olympics.

Flag bearers carry the national flag of their country at the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games.


Combat boot

Combat boots are military boots designed to be worn by soldiers during combat or combat training. They are not intended for wear during parades and other ceremonial duties. 

Modern combat boots are designed to provide a combination of grip, ankle stability, and foot protection suitable for a rugged environment. They are traditionally made of hardened and sometimes waterproofed leather. Today, many combat boots incorporate technologies originating in civilian hiking boots, such as Gore-Tex nylon side panels, which improve ventilation and comfort. They are also often specialized for certain climates and conditions, such as jungle boots, desert boots, and cold weather boots as well as specific uses, such as tanker boots and jump boots.

Jump boot

Jump boots are the combat boots worn by paratroopers. They have calf-length lacing and hard toes. During World War II, many countries came up with their own type of jump boots. The uppers are usually made of smooth black leather that is easy to shine. It is also a paratrooper tradition to lace jump boots in a ladder or cobweb style which increases ankle support during a parachute jump.

Vogue (Madonna song)

"Vogue" is a 1990 dance-pop and deep house song by Madonna. It was released on April 5, 1990, through Sire and Warner Bros. It is a single from the soundtrack for the film "I'm Breathless" (1990). The song is about Hollywood fashion. The song's rap section talks about 16 stars from the 1920s to the 1950s, such as Greta Garbo, Katharine Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe.

The song hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in May 1990. The song also hit #1 on several other charts worldwide.

The song won awards for Best Single and Best Video in the Rolling Stone Reader's Poll Awards.

The song comes in many remixes. One of them is eight minutes/twenty five seconds long.

On August 6, 2022, singer Beyoncé released a remix of her song "Break My Soul" with samples of "Vogue" called the Queens Remix. Instead of naming Golden Age celebrities, Beyoncé names Black female entertainers, such as Lizzo, Rihanna, Jill Scott, Janet Jackson, and Grace Jones.

Assassination of Orlando Letelier

The Assassination of Orlando Letelier was a car bombing which killed Orlando Letelier, a Chilean socialist political figure when Salvador Allende was president of Chile. It all starts when he was based in the United States as an activist but Letelier was assassinated in Washington, D.C. with his American assistant, Ronni Karpen Moffitt and her husband Michael (who worked for Letelier) by some Chilean DINA agents in September 21, 1976. Until 9/11, it was known as the most infamous act of international terrorism in the capital of the US.

Declassified U.S. intelligence documents show and confirm that Pinochet ordered the killing.



Beauty of Loulan

The Beauty of Loulan (楼兰美女) or Loulan Beauty (Other aliases: "Loulan middle-aged woman(楼兰長女)") is the preserved dead body of a woman who lived about 4000 years ago, during the Bronze Age. She was found on April 1, 1980 near the Silk Road in the Xinjiang region of China, by Chinese archaeologists Mu Sun-ing (穆舜英) and members of the Archaeological Institute of the Xinjiang Academy of Social Sciences. She is one of the Tarim mummies, named after where they were found, the .

Unlike , which were preserved on purpose, the Loulan Beauty was preserved almost by accident. She was buried near a salt lake in the desert, where the arid and dry conditions preserved even the finer details of her face, such as her eyelashes.

For many years, the Chinese government forebade the testing of the mummy's DNA, due to fears that it would lead to it being used by nationalist local Uighurs. In 1993, and Italian Paolo Francalacci, were able to some tissue samples, and although the Chinese government confiscated the samples, Mair claims a Chinese scientist later 'slipped in to their hands' as they were leaving. They found that the Loulan Beauty probably came from Siberia. Later, in 2007 and 2009, scientists from China's Jilin University and Fudan University both tested the Loulan Beauty's DNA. . They found she was at least part European, but her people might have lived in Siberia before migrating to Xinjiang. But they all found that the Loulan Beauty was not an Uighur woman, which meant there was less reason for people to argue about her. In 2015, the Chinese government let the Loulan Beauty and other mummies tour foreign museums as an exhibit about the Silk Road.

The woman is estimated to have been between 40 and 48 years old at the time of her death. The body is 152–155 cm in stature, and her blood type was O.

Scientists learned things about her life by looking at her body and clothes. Her shoes and clothing had been worn out and fixed repeatedly. Her hair was infested with lice. She had inhaled a great amount of sand, dust and charcoal and she may have died of lung problems. She lived around B.C 1900~B.C 1800.

The mummy is wrapped in a wool cloth, cowhide leather, and linen. She is wearing leather shoes. There were several items made out of clay and some grain found nearby.

In 1980, she was restored by a Japanese painter who was named Yamaguchi Terunari(山本耀也). The mummy is currently displayed on the second floor of the , "Mummy Hall"(古尸馆).



Orlando Letelier

Marcos Orlando Letelier del Solar (April 13, 1932 – September 21, 1976) was a Chilean socialist politician during the presidency of Salvador Allende.

Looking for a refuge from the military regime of General Augusto Pinochet, Letelier accepted academic positions in Washington, D.C. On September 21, 1976, he was killed in a car bomb by agents of the Pinochet regime's secret police, Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional in 1976, in collaboration with members of the "Coordination of United Revolutionary Organizations". Ronni Susan Moffitt (née Karpen) was also killed while her husband, Michael Paul Moffitt (who were married four months ago before the bombing) survives in the attack.



42 (disambiguation)

42 may mean:


2015 Rugby World Cup

The 2015 Rugby World Cup was the 8th Rugby World Cup tournament. It was played in England from 18 September to 31 October. Scotland won the tournament over Australia to win their 3rd title. 20 nations competed in the tournament.

On 28 July 2009, the International Rugby Board chose England as the host for the 205 tournament, and Japan for the 2019 competition. Italy, Japan and South Africa all wanted to host the tournament.

The final venues and schedule were all confirmed on on 2 May 2013.

12 of these teams qualified just from playing well in the last tournament, and the other 8 played in regional tournaments to qualify.


Qarabağ FK

Qarabağ Futbol Klubu (usually just called Qarabağ) is a professional association football club from Baku, Azerbaijan. The club was originally from Agdam, but moved to Baku because of the Nagorno-Karabakh War. The club plays in the Azerbaijan Premier League.

Qarabağ was formed in 1951, and were the founding members of the Azerbaijan Premier League in 1992. A season later they won their first league championship, which made them the first non-Baku based club to win the Azerbaijan Premier League title.

The clubs plays at the Tofiq Bahramov Republican Stadium, which has a capacity of around 31,200. The Azerbaijan national football team also uses that stadium. They used to play at the Imarat Stadium, but it was destroyed by the Armenian military during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

The club won their first league title in 21 years in 2014. Qarabağ have won the Premier league four times and Azerbaijan Cup five times. In the same year, Qarabağ became the second Azerbaijani team to advance to the group stage of a European competition after they beat Twente in the play-off round of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League.



Maryam Zakaria

Maryam Zakaria (Persian: مریم زکریا; born on 27 September 1985 in Tehran) Swedish-Iranian actress. She has worked in Bollywood and the South Indian Cinema. She is best known for her work in the 2012 film "Agent Vinod".

In Sweden, Zakaria worked as model, dance teacher, choreographer and established a Bollywood Dance School called the Indisk Dans Studio. She moved to Mumbai in 2009 and began to model in ads for Set Wet, Layz and Coke. She performed an item number in the film "Nagaram" (2010), after the director saw a video of her dancing on YouTube. The film was a big breakthrough for Zakaria.

Sornetan

Sornetan was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Sornetan, Châtelat, Monible and Souboz merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Fusil de chasse

The French-made Fusil de chasse ("fu-zi dee chā-se"), originally meant "gun of the hunt”, was a light smoothbore flintlock musket designed for hunting. They were an elegant flintlock with a distinctive "cow's foot" shape to the buttstock that softened recoil. This "La Peid" stock shape is typical of long guns made at Tulle. The Fusil de Chasse was made at the Tulle (France) arms factory. The fusils were very similar to the Charleville musket, also made at Tulle. Fusils were typically lighter and shorter than the Charleville muskets. The name fusil is phonetically pronounced "fusee" in English." The French name Fusil is a corruption of the Italian "fucile" meaning flint. Both the French and the British had versions of the officer's fusil. The British fucils were based on the Brown Bess musket. Also from the name fusil comes the term fusilier. A very similar but cheaper version was the fusil de traite (trade gun). The officer's fusil is fitted for a sling and the stock is shorter than the barrel in order to fit a socket bayonet. The officer's fusil was much better made. But there is some confusion between the two versions. At 20 gauge (.62 caliber) the fusil was also used as a fowling gun (early predecessor of the shotgun). Fusils were a common musket in 18th century Colonial America and were used by Americans during the American Revolution.

In France, the manufacturing of arms got its start as a large industry in Saint-Étienne in about 1535. The first armory was set up in 1669. By 1646, arms manufacturing had started up at Tulle nearby. In 1690 an armory was set up there as well. The flintlock was adopted by France for her armies in 1630. Both Tulle and Saint-Étienne furnished flintlocks for the French troops in America. The typical musket in 1690 was about long and had a barrel of about . Until about 1718, captains were responsible to make sure each soldier had a working firearm, but other than that the captain allowed his soldiers to choose which musket they would use. Often, that meant there was no standard musket in use in a company let alone an army. This was a common failing of all armies of the time. That changed with the Model 1717 fusil which standardized the muskets and ammunition used by the French army. It was longer than the British muskets of the time giving French troops an advantage. At and with a barrel of it allowed troops to fire from three ranks at the same time. With the bayonet, it had the advantage of being longer. The combination of a longer barrel and a front sight to aim the weapon also made it slightly more accurate than British muskets. A few improvements were made with the M1728 model but it was otherwise the same musket. More improvements were made in 1746 when the wood ramrod was replaced with a metal one. The French muskets shot 18 bullets to the pound which translates to .69 caliber. A fourth model was issued in 1754 with a shorter lighter version for officers. The officers model weighed about and was in length. All officers, including generals, carried an officer's model fusil. These were used during the French and Indian War and many were used by Americans during the American Revolution.

The fusil de chasse was designed for hunting. Generally the muskets made at Tull were defined by models, but some hunting fusils were made to order. Differences were based on their intended purpose and market. In 1695 and 1696 contracts for muskets from the Tulle factory each called for "five hunting muskets for the Indian Chiefs". These models would later be called a Fusil fin (chief's grade musket). These muskets were to be caliber 28 balls to the pound (approximately .56 caliber), long, "well filed and well polished with fine mountings and a flat lock". These gifts to Indian chiefs were elegant hunting muskets.

In New France, the Indians allied to the French carried French fusils. These were either Fusils de chasse or de traite. At the Battle of the Monongahela, British General Edward Braddock led his troops directly into an ambush by native american and French troops in July of 1755. Braddock was killed, no doubt, by a .62 caliber ball fired from a French fusil. The smoothbore Tulle musket was carried by most, if not all, the Indians who attacked Braddock at the Monongahela River. Native warriors took very good care of their muskets and strongly preferred the French fusils over guns made elsewhere. Although the fusil de traite was designed as a less-expensive trade gun, many Indians knew the difference and preferred the fusil de chasse. While there were a number of different models of fusils sent to the Americas, the light musket de chasse was designed for those who hunted for a living. So many were needed that the factory at Saint-Étienne had to handle the extra demand. Most of these were shipped to New France where trading was the main activity between Native Americans and the French. Both varieties were made with either iron or brass fittings and most were .62 caliber. Both were marked "Tulle" (earlier spelling was "Tvlle") on the lock plate. This makes archaeological finds harder to tell apart over two centuries later. Many of the reproductions made today are marked "Tulle".

The various flintlocks produced at Tulle had the following costs in 1750:


List of programs broadcast by Discovery Kids

This is a list of programs on Discovery Kids.



Sorvilier

Sorvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality is in the Tavannes valley on both sides of the Birs river.


Sun Myung Moon

Sun Myung Moon (25 February 1920 – 3 September 2012) was a Korean religious leader, businessman and political activist. He believed he was the second coming of Jesus Christ. He founded the Unification Church. He was an ardent anti-communist and advocate for Korean reunification. He was recognized by the governments of North and South Korea. His business interests included New World Communications, an American news group that owned "The Washington Times".

Moon was born in what is now North Korea. He moved to the United States in 1971. He became well-known after giving a series of public speeches based on his beliefs.

Critics called Moon a cult leader because he made high demands on his followers. He was criticized for his relationships with political and religious people, such as Presidents of the United States Richard Nixon, George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush. His wedding ceremonies drew criticism, especially when they involved members of other churches, such as the Roman Catholic bishop Emmanuel Milingo.

Moon died on 3 September 2012 of pneumonia and its complications.

The Dream Job

The Dream Job (Chinese: 绝世好工) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 28 June 2016. There are 30 episodes. It stars Hugo Ng, Shaun Chen, Jeanette Aw, Rebecca Lim, Zhang Zhenhuan and Ian Fang as the main characters.

A vast fortune and inheritance is at stake when a mysterious man offers three young candidates a dream job at his horticulture estate. They are eventually discovered to be his illegitimate children from the many affairs he had during his younger days. In the beginning, revenge and family politics are at play, but when one of them gets falsely accused of committing murder, the "siblings" finally overcome differences and band together.

Some scenes of this drama were shot in Perth, Australia.


Souboz

Souboz was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Souboz, Châtelat, Monible and Sornetan merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Oberaargau (administrative district)

The administrative district of Oberaargau in the Swiss canton of Bern has 50 municipalities in an area of 354 km².

Sirkazhi

Sirkazhi is a major town in the Mayiladuthurai district, Tamil Nadu, India. The town covers an area of . The population according to 2011 census is 34,927. This city is the part of Cauvery delta region.

Sirkazhi is the motherland of the shaiva saint Thirugnanasambandhar, world renowned actor Sivaji Ganesan and many famous people.

The literacy rate of Sirkazhi population is 81.5%.87% of the population is Hindus, 9.5% are Muslim, 2.1% are Christians and 1% are others.

Famous temples here are the Bhrammapureeshwarar temple, also known as Sattainathar Temple,Vaitheeswaran temple and Kazheesirama Vinnagaram temple.

Gypsy Taub

Oxane "Gypsy" Taub (born 1970) is one of San Francisco's most well-known activists in naturism and "body freedom" of the past decade.

On June 18, 2015, Taub along with activist George Davis settled a lawsuit with the city of San Francisco with a one-time payment of $20,000 to the plaintiffs, who had hoped to overturn the city's 2013 ban on unregulated public nudity.

On September 25, 2015, a federal judge ordered San Francisco to issue a parade permit to Taub’s group for another naked march after the city had previously denied their applications.

In December 2015, Taub was characterized as San Francisco's most notorious nudist.

On August 7, 2016, Taub organized a four-hour nude "Summer of Love" event with a parade from Jane Warner Plaza to the edge of Golden Gate Park and back, followed by nude dancing at the Plaza.


E-flat major

E major is a musical major scale starting on E. Its key signature has three flats.

Its relative major is C minor and its parallel minor is E minor.

D-flat major

D major (or D-flat major) is a major scale based on D. Its key signature has five flats.

Its relative minor is B minor, and its parallel minor is D minor. This is usually replaced by C♯ minor because D♭ minor's eight flats (including the double-flat) make it generally impractical to use. Therefore, D♭ minor is often used as the parallel key of C♯ minor.

For example, Chopin's Prelude No. 15 in D-flat major ("Raindrop"), modulates from D-flat major to C-sharp minor for the middle section in the parallel minor, and in his Fantaisie-Impromptu, primarily in C-sharp minor, Chopin switches to D-flat major for the middle section for the opposite reason. Claude Debussy also switches from D-flat major to C-sharp minor in the significant section in his famous Clair de lune. Antonín Dvořák's New World Symphony likewise switches to C-sharp minor for a while for the significant section in the slow movement.

C-flat major

C-flat major (or the key of C-flat) is a major scale based on C, containing the pitches C, D, E, F, G, A, and B. Its key signature has seven flats. The B major is the same as C-Flat, B major is a key signature with five sharps.

The C-flat major scale is:

Rafida Bonya Ahmed

Rafida Bonya Ahmed, better known as Bonya Ahmed, (Bengali: রাফিদা আহমেদ বন্যা, b. 1969), is a Bangladeshi-American author, humanist activist, and blogger.

On February 26, 2015, Bonya and her husband Avijit Roy were attacked by machete wielding Islamic extremists while they were visiting Dhaka, Bangladesh, on a book signing trip. They were attacked in the middle of the street at a very crowded book fair. Avijit died after he was taken to the hospital, and Bonya was seriously injured.

Bonya was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh. She completed her undergraduate degree in Computer Information Science at Minnesota State University in Mankato.

Bonya met Avijit through their writing on Mukto-Mona, the first online platform for Bengali speaking freethinkers, atheists, and secular bloggers and writers founded by Avijit. This group started the first celebration of Darwin Day in Bangladesh. Mukto-Mona was internationally recognized in 2015 and received The BOBS jury award.
Bonya wrote one of the first popular science books in Bangladesh about biological evolution, named "Bibortoner Path Dhore" ("Along the Evolutionary Path", 2007). She is one of the moderators of Mukto-Mona.

Bonya has a daughter, Trisha Ahmed, from her first marriage. Trisha wrote an article with her stepfather Avijit for the "Free Inquiry" magazine about imprisoned secularist bloggers. Ahmed has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer.

Bonya decided to take a leave of absence from her job as a Senior Director at a credit bureau in the US after the attack on her and Avijit. She started working with the humanist associations in Europe and the US to raise awareness about the attacks on the secular intellectuals in Bangladesh by Islamic fundamentalists. She is currently doing research work on Islamic fundamentalism as a visiting research scholar at University of Texas, Austin. A week after her husband's death, Bonya started meeting with humanist associations in Europe, and working to get other activists out of Bangladesh, before they could be killed.

In 2016, Bonya received the Freedom From Religion Foundation's "Forward" award. She is on the jury of Deutsche Welle's The BOBS Best of Online Activism Award.



Hayes School

Hayes School is a mixed secondary school in Hayes, Bromley. This school is an academy. The head teacher is Mr. Whittle, as of July 2016. This school has an Ofsted rating of "Outstanding". This school has some of the highest GCSE and A-Level results in the country. In 2016, the school was announced as one of the top 100 schools in England for its GCSE results. Hayes School has a long waiting list and is very popular.

The school became independent from the local Parish school in 1956. In 1956, the only building in the school was a Victorian-style mansion named Gadsden. Today, the Gadsden holds the main reception, the student reception, a few offices, and other things. As soon as it became independent from the Parish school, it started accepting both genders. By then, most of the school was relocated to A Block, which had 3 floors.

Petit-Val

Petit-Val is a new municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Châtelat, Monible, Sornetan and Souboz merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.


Obersimmental-Saanen (administrative district)

The administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 7 municipalities in an area of 575 km².

Spiez

Spiez is a municipality in Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is on the Lake Thun.


Recoil

Recoil or kick (sometimes incorrectly called kickback) is the tendency of a firearm to move backwards and at the same time the muzzle of the gun to rise when fired. This is a reaction to the explosive force of a bullet leaving the barrel of a firearm. A handgun shooter feels the recoil in the hands and arms. A rifle or shotgun shooter feels most of the recoil in his or her shoulder.

Recoil is explained by Newton’s third law of motion. It is usually paraphrased as: "to every action there is always an equal and opposite reaction". In simpler terms, when a projectile and the hot gasses go forward, the firearm goes backwards. There are a number of factors that determine the amount of backward force.


For example, a .22 Long Rifle (the designation of the bullet not the gun) has very little recoil. For this reason it is a caliber recommended for beginning shooters and, because the rounds are cheap, it is good practice ammunition for more experienced shooters. It is a favorite ammunition for target shooting. By comparison, the .500 S&W Magnum handgun round has very heavy recoil. Also, the recoil from the .500 magnum round is more sharply felt since the recoil speed is much greater.

One of the first things new shooters want to know is if a gun will kick them. New shooters learn to hold the gun firmly to reduce and control recoil. If firing a handgun, use both hands. If firing a shotgun or rifle, press it firmly against the shoulder and press your cheek on the gunstock. But, instructors often tell new students that recoil is 80% mental and only 20% physical. In other words, no matter how well you hold the weapon, recoil anticipation can ruin every shot.

Recoil anticipation, or more commonly known as "flinching", is the unintended (not intended or planned mental and physical response to firing a gun. The shooter knows the loud noise and shock of firing the weapon is coming and at the last moment flinches. This often causes an inexperienced shooter to hit low of the intended target. Another form of recoil anticipation is when new shooters unconsciously move the gun forward while pressing the trigger. This is very difficult for instructors to see until the shooter presses the trigger on an empty chamber. Only then can the instructor see the shooter moving the gun forward. 

Another problem is jerking the trigger. Instead of smoothly pulling the trigger while concentrating on the target, an inexperienced shooter often "jerks" the trigger. If shooters are consistently hitting low and to the left (right handed shooters) they are usually jerking the trigger. Shooters probably don't understand that quickly yanking the trigger back ruins the shot.

All forms of recoil anticipation are eliminated or reduced through practice. Good instruction in safe firearms practices is also very important.


Lego Ninjago

Lego Ninjago is a line of sets (video games, television series, and toys) produced by Lego. It is based on the sets of six Ninja: Lloyd, Kai, Jay, Nya, Zane, and Cole, and many other characters from the television series. 

The television series is about all characters in the land of Ninjago. The television series first aired in 2011. It was a major success and airs on Cartoon Network

The animated television series is based on The Ninja (Lloyd, Kai, Jay, Zane, Nya and Cole) fighting with a number of villains with various motivations.

There are many toys of Lego Ninjago which all are based on the characters. The toys are Lego Ninjago's first success, and have been successful since when the show first aired to when it ended in October 2022.

Lego Ninjago video games are usually based on the television series. Lego Ninjago games are produced by Lego System A/S. Most Lego Ninjago video games are placed in Google Play. 


Ceratonia

Ceratonia is small genus of flowering trees in the pea family, Fabaceae, endemic to the Mediterranean region and the Middle East. Its best known member, the carob tree, is cultivated for its fruits (called s) and has been widely introduced to regions with similar climates.

It belongs to the subfamily Caesalpinioideae.

The genus was created by Carl Linnaeus and published in "Species Plantarum" 2: 1026 en 1753. The type specimen is "Ceratonia siliqua".

The genus was long considered monotypic (with only one species), but a second species, "Ceratonia oreothauma", was identified in 1979 from Oman and Somalia.

Some photos of "Ceratonia siliqua" (the carob tree):

Carob

The carob is a species of flowering evergreen tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. Its scientific name is "Ceratonia siliqua" L.

It is widely grown for its edible s, and as an ornamental tree in gardens. The ripe, dried pod is often ground to carob powder, which is used to replace cocoa powder. Carob bars, an alternative to chocolate bars, are often available in health-food stores.

The tree is known in English as carob tree, St John's-bread or locust bean (not to be confused with the African locust bean).

The word carob, used commonly for the fruit, comes from Middle French "carobe" (modern ), which borrowed it from Arabic ("kharrūb", "locust bean pod").

Common names in some other languages are:

"Ceratonia siliqua", the scientific name of the carob tree given by Carolus Linnaeus to this plant, comes from the Greek "kerátiοn" κεράτιον 'fruit of the carob (from "keras" κέρας 'horn'), and Latin "siliqua" ", carob".

The carat, a unit of mass for gemstones, and of purity for gold, takes its name, indirectly, from the Greek word for a carob seed, "kerátion".

The carob tree grows up to tall. The crown (the upper part of tree) is broad and semispherical, supported by a thick trunk with brown rough bark and solid and firm branches. Leaves are long, alternate and compound.

Most carob trees are dioecious (with separate male an female plants) but some are hermaphrodite. The male trees do not produce fruit. The trees blossom in autumn. The flowers are small and in an inflorescence axis in racemes like catkins; the pollination is by both wind and insects.

The fruit is a legume (also known as a pod). The pods take a full year to develop and ripen. The sweet ripe pods eventually fall to the ground and are eaten by various mammals (goats, sheep, cows), and so the hard seeds are dispersed.

The carob tree is native to the Cyprus island, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey.

It is generally found within 30-45°N and 30-40°S and from sea level to an altitude of .

It has been introduced into regions with a similar Mediterranean climate.

Carob eaten by humans is the dried (and sometimes roasted) pod. The pod have 5 to 18 hard brown seeds (10% of the pod weight) within a sweet thick pulp substance.

Carob is mildly sweet and is used in powdered, chip, or syrup form as an ingredient in cakes and cookies, and as a substitute for chocolate. Carob bars are widely available in health food stores. A traditional sweet, eaten during Lent and Good Friday, is also made from carob pods in Malta.

Carob pod meal is used as an energy-rich feed for livestock, particularly for ruminants, though its high tannin content may limit its use.

In Cyprus, carob syrup is known as Cyprus's black gold, and is widely exported. In Malta, a syrup ("ġulepp tal-ħarrub") is made out of carob pods. Carob syrup is also used in Crete as a natural sweetener, and is considered a natural source of calcium. It contains three times more calcium than milk. It is also rich in iron, phosphorus, and natural fibers (Due to its strong taste, it can be found mixed with orange or chocolate).

Carob juice drinks are traditionally drunk during the Islamic month of Ramadan. Crushed pods may be used to make a beverage; , liqueur, and syrup are made from carob in Turkey, Malta, Portugal, Spain, and Sicily. Several studies suggest that carob may aid in treating diarrhea in infants.

"C. siliqua" is widely planted in the horticultural as an ornamental plant for planting in Mediterranean climate and other temperate regions around the world, as in California and Hawaii. The plant can be used as a dense and large hedge.

According to FAO, the top carob-producing countries are (in metric tonnes, 2012): "Source: UN Food & Agriculture Organisation (FAO)"

(F) = FAO estimate


2016 Turkish purges

The 2014–2016 Turkish judicial purges were purges of the judicial system of Turkey that took place in January 2014 and July 2016 during the presidency of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. In January 2014, 120 judges and prosecutors were reassigned during a major corruption enquiry and on 16 July 2016, 2,745 judges were dismissed immediately following the 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt.


Araucanía Region

The IX Araucanía Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. Its capital and largest city is Temuco.

The "Auracanía" means "place where the "Araucanians" live". Araucanian () was the name given by the Spanish to the Mapuche people that live in the region.

The Araucanía region has an area of .

It borders the Bío Bío region (Bío Bío and Arauco provinces), to the north, Argentina to the east, the Los Ríos region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The two main rivers in the region are the Imperial and the Toltén rivers.

The highest mountain in the region is the "Lanín" volcano (), , on the border with Argentina (Neuquén Province); it is .

The Auracanía had a population of 869,535 inhabitants (2002 census) and its population density was .

The largest city in the region is its capital, Temuco, with 227,086 inhabitants (2002 census). The other provincial capital, Angol had 43,801 inhabitants.

The Auracanía region is further subdivided into two provinces: Cautín and Malleco.



Los Ríos Region

The XIV Los Ríos Region (, "Region of the Rivers") is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. Its capital and largest city is Valdivia.

It began to operate as a region on 2007, having been created by subdividing the Los Lagos Region in southern Chile. It consists of two provinces: Valdivia and the new El Ranco province, that was part of the Valdivia province.

The Los Ríos region has an area of .

It borders the La Araucanía region to the north, Argentina to the east, the Los Lagos region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The two main rivers in the region are the Valdivia river, in the northern part of the region, and the Bueno river, in the southern part of the region.

The highest mountain in the region is the Villarrica volcano () (), high, near the border with Argentina.

The Los Ríos had a population of 356,396 inhabitants (2002 census) and its population density was .

The largest city in the region is its capital, Valdivia, with 127,750 inhabitants (2002 census). The other provincial capital, La Unión had 25,615 inhabitants.

The Los Ríos region is further subdivided into two provinces: Valdivia and El Ranco.



Los Lagos Region

The X Los Lagos Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has four provinces.

The capital city of the region is Puerto Montt. Other towns are Puerto Varas, Ancud and Frutillar.



Maule Region

The VII Maule Region () is one of Chile's 16 first order administrative divisions. Its capital is Talca.

The region is named after its main river: the Maule river.

The city of Talca was founded in 1692 by General Governor Tomás Marín de Poveda. On 17 February 1742 it got the name of "Villa San Agustín de Talca" by Governor José Antonio Manso de Velasco. Curicó followed in 1743, Linares and Parral in 1794.

In Talca is the house where Bernardo O'Higgins signed the proclamation of the independence of Chile on 12 February 1818. It is now a museum.

The Maule region borders the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins region to the north, Argentina to the east, the Ñuble region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The two main rivers in the region are the Maule and the Mataquito rivers.

, there were (estimated) 1,042,989 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

People from this region are known as "Maulinos" (women: "Maulinas").

The largest city in the region is Talca, with 189,505 inhabitants (2002 census).

The Maule region is further subdivided into four provinces: Talca, Curicó, Linares and Cauquenes.



Hurricane Earl

Hurricane Earl was a tropical cyclone in the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico in August 2016. The storm struck Belize and Mexico with wind of around 80 mph.

The storm caused 13 deaths in the Dominican Republic. More than fifty other deaths took place, mostly in Mexico. Damage totaled over $115 million.

Gwangju

Gwangju is the sixth largest city in South Korea. It is in the southwest of Korea and is the center of Honam's economy, culture, education and government.

Kerckhoffs's principle

Kerckhoffs's principle (axiom, or law) is an idea in cryptography. It was stated by Dutch cryptographer Auguste Kerckhoffs in the 19th century. It is:

Kerckhoffs's principle was more briefly stated by American mathematician Claude Shannon as "the enemy knows the system", that is, "one ought to design systems under the assumption that the enemy will immediately gain full familiarity with them". In that form, it is called Shannon's maxim. It is opposite to the idea of "security through obscurity".


Some are no longer relevant given the ability of computers to perform complex encryption. The second axiom, Kerckhoffs's principle, is still vitally important.

Charleville musket

The Charleville muskets were .69 caliber French smoothbore flintlock muskets used in the 18th and 19th centuries. The Charleville was used during the American Revolutionary War by the Americans and was later copied and manufactured in the US as the Springfield Model 1795 Musket.

About 1630, Frenchman Marin le Bourgeoys (c.1550–1634) created the first "true" flintlock, also called the "French lock". Bourgeoys was in the service of King Louis XIII of France for whom he created the flintlock mechanism. Throughout the 17th century, flintlock muskets were produced in a wide variety of models.

In 1717, the original "Charleville" flintlock musket was made for the French military. This became the first standard flintlock musket to be issued to all troops. While it is more correctly called a French infantry musket or a French pattern musket, these muskets later became known as "Charleville muskets". They were named after the armory in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes, France. The standard French infantry musket was also produced at Tulle, St. Etienne, Maubeuge Arsenal, and other sites. While technically not the correct name for these muskets, the use of the name Charleville dates back to the U.S. Revolutionary War, when Americans tended to refer to all of the musket models as Charlevilles. It should be noted that the naming of these muskets is not consistent. Some references only refer to Model 1763 and later versions as Charleville flint lock muskets, while other references refer to all models as the Charleville.
The Charleville musket's design was refined several times during its service life. Later models of Charleville muskets remained in service until 1840. This was when percussion lock systems made the flintlock mechanism obsolete.

Charleville muskets had a smoothbore barrel. Rifles were more accurate than muskets because of their rifling, but military commanders favored smoothbores on the battlefield. Both types used black powder which caused fouling. Because the bullet was a tighter fit in the barrel (weapons), Rifles became very difficult to load after a few shots. Early on, the longer range and better accuracy of the rifle was also considered to be of little value on a battlefield that was quickly obscured by black powder smoke. Like all smooth bore muskets, the Charleville flintlock musket was only accurate to about against a column of men, or against a single man-sized target.

The Charleville's .69" (17.5mm) caliber barrel was slightly smaller than its main competitor, the .75 caliber Brown Bess produced by the British. The smaller round was intentionally chosen to reduce weight in the field. But the .69 caliber ball round still had enough mass to be effective against enemy soldiers. The Charleville's stock was usually made out of walnut.

Charleville muskets were not used in battle like a modern rifle. Instead, Charleville muskets, like the Brown Bess muskets, were fired in mass formations. In modern warfare, bayonets are considered to be last-ditch weapons. But in the 18th century firing muskets only paved the way for a bayonet charge. Muskets with bayonets attached were used as a pike type weapon in close Hand-to-hand combat. This use as a pike dictated the Charleville's general length and weight. A shorter weapon could not be used as a pike, and its weight was a balance between being heavy enough to be used as a pike or club, but light enough to be carried and used by general infantrymen.

The rate of fire depended on the skill of the soldier, but was typically about three shots per minute. After 1728, the Charleville's barrel was held into place by three barrel bands making it much sturdier. In 1743 the wooden ramrod was replaced with a steel one. Additional improvements were made in the 1750s and 1760s. The 1763 model was determined to be too heavy. In 1766 it was replaced by a lighter version.


Kirchhoff's laws

There are several Kirchhoff's laws, all named after Gustav Kirchhoff:


Arrondissements of the Charente-Maritime department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Charente-Maritime department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 5 arrondissements of Charente-Maritime are:
Since its creation, the Charente-Maritime department has had some changes:


Arrondissement of Jonzac

The arrondissement of Jonzac is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Jonzac.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, Jonzac was not one of the original districts but soon, in 1800, it was made one of the "arrondissement"s of the department with the territories of the Monlieu and Pons districts.

The "arrondissement" of Jonzac has an area of , and a population of 56,973 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

Jonzac is the southernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Saintes, to the east by the Charente department and to the southeast and east by the Gironde department. To the northwest of the department is the southern part the Gironde estuary, the largest estuary of France.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Jonzac, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Thénac canton. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Jonzac has 129 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Atacama Region

The Atacama Region Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. The southern portion of the Atacama Desert is in the region; the rest of the desert is in the other regions to the north ("Norte Grande" natural region).

The capital of the region is the city of Copiapó; it is at north of Santiago, the capital of country.

From 1843, Atacama was a province of Chile but in 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, it became one of those regions.

The Atacama region borders the Tarapacá region to the north, Argentina (provinces of Catamarca, La Rioja and San Juan), on the east, the Coquimbo region on the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The highest mountains of the region are: Nevados Ojos del Salado, high, and Nevado Tres Cruces, high; they are in the Andes, in the border with Argentina.

, there were (estimated) 312,486 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is its capital, Copiapó, with 125,983 inhabitants (2002 census).

The Atacama region is divided in three provinces: Chañaral, Copiapó and Huasco.



Coquimbo Region

The IV Coquimbo Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions.

The capital of the region is the city of La Serena; it is at north of Santiago, the capital of the country. Other important cities include the seaport Coquimbo and the agricultural centre Ovalle.

From 1826, Coquimbo was a province of Chile but in 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, it became one of the Chilean regions.

The Coquimbo region borders the Atacama region to the north, Argentina on the east, the Valparaíso region on the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The three main rivers are Elqui, Limarí and Choapa.

, there were (estimated) 771,085 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is its capital, La Serena, with 160,148 inhabitants (2002 census). The port of Coquimbo had 148,438 inhabitants.

The Coquimbo region is divided in three provinces: Choapa, Elqui and Limarí.



Valparaíso Region

The Valparaiso Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions.

The capital of the region is the city of Valparaiso, an important Chilean seaport. Other important cities are Viña del Mar, Quillota, Quilpué and Villa Alemana.

Valparaíso was made a province in 1842. In January 1928, Valparaíso was made part of the new province of "Aconcagua" but in 1936 was made again a province. In 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, Valparaíso became one of the Chilean regions.

The Valparaíso region borders the Coquimbo region to the north, Argentina and Santiago Metropolitan Region on the east, the Santiago Metropolitan Region region on the south, the O'Higgins region on the southwestern and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The three main rivers are:

, there were (estimated) 1,825,757 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is Viña del Mar, with 286, 931 inhabitants (2002 census). The capital of the region, Valparaíso, had in 2002 263,499 inhabitants.

The Valparaíso region is divided in eight provinces:



Arrondissement of Rochefort

The arrondissement of Rochefort is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Rochefort.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Rochefort was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Rochefort has an area of , and a population of 187,843 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

Rochefort is in the northern half of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of La Rochelle, to the northeast by the Deux-Sèvres department, to the east by the "arrondissements" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély and Saintes. To the south is the upper part the Gironde estuary, the largest estuary of France, and the Atlantic Ocean is to the west.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Rochefort, there are 12 cantons, some of them only partially. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Rochefort has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of La Rochelle

The arrondissement of La Rochelle is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of La Rochelle.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of La Rochelle was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of La Rochelle is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the Charente-Maritime department but the one with more people living in it. It has an area of , and a population of 210,151 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

La Rochelle is the northernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is formed from the old province of "Aunis", with centre in La Rochelle, its historical capital.

It is bordered to the north by the Vendée department, to the east by the Deux-Sèvres department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Rochefort, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of La Rochelle, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Châtelaillon-Plage and La Jarrie cantons. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of La Rochelle has 58 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


St. Stephan

St. Stephan is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Stettlen

Stettlen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Studen, Bern

Studen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Sumiswald

Sumiswald is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sutz-Lattrigen

Sutz-Lattrigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is on the southern shore of Lake Biel.

It is home to a number of Neolithic and Bronze Age lake shore archeological sites, including one that is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.


Tägertschi

Tägertschi was a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipality of Tägertschi merged into the municipality of Münsingen.

Siege of Petersburg

The Richmond–Petersburg Campaign was a series of battles around Petersburg, Virginia, fought from June 9, 1864, to March 25, 1865. Fought during the American Civil War, it is more popularly known as the Siege of Petersburg. But it was not a classic military siege, in which a city is usually surrounded and all supply lines are cut off. Nor was it strictly limited to actions against Petersburg. The campaign consisted of nine months of trench warfare in which Union forces commanded by Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant assaulted Petersburg unsuccessfully. Then the Union Army constructed trench lines that eventually extended over . They ran from the eastern outskirts of Richmond, Virginia, to around the eastern and southern outskirts of Petersburg. Petersburg was critical to the supply of Confederate Lieutenant General Robert E. Lee's army and the Confederate capital of Richmond. Numerous raids were conducted and battles fought in attempts to cut off the railroad supply lines through Petersburg to Richmond. Many of these caused the lengthening of the trench lines, overloading dwindling Confederate resources.

Lee finally gave in to the pressure and abandoned both cities on April 3, 1865. This led to Lee's final surrender at Appomattox Court House on April 9, 1865. The trench warfare of Petersburg became common in World War I, earning it a prominent position in military history. Of the 4,000 African American troops of the 4th Division, IX Corps, who fought at the Battle of the Crater on July 30, 1864, over half were killed, wounded or captured.

On March 10, 1864, Ulysses S. Grant was promoted to lieutenant general. He was given command of all Union troops. Grant planned a coordinated strategy to apply pressure on the Confederacy from many points. This was something President Abraham Lincoln had urged his generals to do from the beginning of the war. Grant put Major General William T. Sherman in immediate command of all forces in the West. He moved his own headquarters to be with the Army of the Potomac (still commanded by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade) in Virginia. Grant intended to maneuver Lee's army to a decisive battle. His secondary objective was to capture Richmond (the capital of the Confederacy). But Grant knew that the latter would happen automatically once the former was accomplished. His coordinated strategy called for Grant and Meade to attack Lee from the north, while Major General Benjamin Butler drove toward Richmond from the southeast. Major General Franz Sigel was to control the Shenandoah Valley. Sherman was ordered to invade Georgia, break up the Confederate Army of Tennessee, and capture Atlanta. Brigadier Generals George Crook and William W. Averell were to operate against railroad supply lines in Tennessee and Virginia. Finally, Major General Nathaniel P. Banks was assigned the task of capturing Mobile, Alabama.

Most of these initiatives failed. Many of the assignment of generals to Grant were for political rather than military reasons. Butler's Army of the James bogged down against inferior forces under Gen. P.G.T. Beauregard before Richmond in the Bermuda Hundred Campaign. Sigel was soundly defeated at the Battle of New Market in May. At Lincoln's request, Banks was sent to Louisiana for the Red River Campaign and his move on Mobile was cancelled. However, Crook and Averell were able to cut the last railway linking Virginia and Tennessee. Sherman's Atlanta Campaign was a success, although it dragged on through the fall.

Grant and Meade's Army of the Potomac crossed the Rappahannock River and entered the area known as the Wilderness. On May 5, 1864, Grant was met by an undersize Confederate force of 60,000 soldiers led by Lee. At the bloody but tactically inconclusive Battle of the Wilderness (May 5–7) and Battle of Spotsylvania Court House (May 8–21), Grant failed to destroy Lee's army. But, unlike his predecessors, Grant did not retreat after the battles. He repeatedly moved his army leftward to the southeast in a campaign that kept Lee on the defensive and moved ever closer to Richmond. Grant spent the remainder of May maneuvering and fighting minor battles with the Confederate army as he attempted to turn Lee's flank and lure him into the open. Grant knew that his larger army and base of manpower in the North could sustain a war of attrition better than the Confederacy could. This theory was tested at the Battle of Cold Harbor (May 31 – June 12) when Grant's army once again came into contact with Lee's near Mechanicsville. He chose to engage Lee's army directly, by ordering a frontal assault on the Confederate fortified positions on June 3. This attack was repulsed with heavy losses. Cold Harbor was a battle that Grant regretted more than any other and Northern newspapers thereafter frequently referred to him as a "butcher". Although Grant suffered about 45% casualties. Lee lost about 50% his forces. These were losses that Lee could not replace.

On the night of June 12, Grant again advanced by his left flank, marching to the James River. He planned to cross to the south bank of the river, bypassing Richmond, and isolate Richmond by seizing the railroad junction of Petersburg to the south. While Lee remained unaware of Grant's intentions, the Union army constructed a pontoon bridge and crossed the James River. What Lee had feared most of all was about to happen. Petersburg was the main supply base and rail depot for the entire region, including Richmond. The taking of Petersburg by Union forces would make it impossible for Lee to continue defending Richmond.

Also called the "Battle of Old Men and Young Boys", it was fought on June 9, 1864 just outside Petersburg. The armies of Lee and Grant were deadlocked just outside of Richmond in their Cold Harbor defenses. Butler knew Grant would probably soon attack Petersburg since it was the key supply point for Richmond. By way of intelligence from slaves and Confederate deserters and a captured Confederate map, Butler realized Petersburg was not well defended. In Petersburg, Confederate generals Beauregard and Wise had only 2,200 militiamen guarding the city. One Petersburg citizen called them a collection of "greyhaired men, and beardless boys." Some were not even equipped with rifles. Butler saw an opportunity and sent a force of 3,400 infantrymen along with 1,300 cavalry to attack Petersburg before Grant could get there. The Union infantry attacked from the east while the cavalry attacked from the south using the Jerusalem Plank Road. The infantry attack was intended as a diversion while the cavalry entered the city from the south. But the 2,500 Confederate defenders fought off both attacks. The infantry was stopped by the Dimmock Line which had been constructed to stop any such attacks. After the attacks failed, Butler withdrew.

Meade’s Army of the Potomac marched from Cold Harbor to support Butler. Meade's leading XVIII Corps crossed the Appomattox River and attacked Petersburg on June 15. The Confederate defenders were driven back to Harrison Creek. The Union XVIII Corps was then relieved by the II Corps. The next day, June 16, II Corps captured another part of the Confederate line. Beauregard moved more defenders to hold the Union troops while Lee, now aware of the situation at Petersburg, rushed troops to the city. On June 18, the Union II, XI, and V Corps attacked but were beaten back with heavy casualties. Now the Confederate fortifications were heavily defended and all hopes of an easy Union victory were lost. This was the beginning of the siege of Petersburg. Rather than a tactical siege with short term goals, it now became a strategic siege involving a number of battles.

Continuing their attacks, the Union Army under Grant began their third offensive against Richmond-Petersburg. General Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps and two divisions of General Philip Sheridans cavalry crossed the James River at the "Deep Bottom" oxbow. They crossed at night to threaten Richmond. The plan called for the infantry to push the Confederates to the west. Then the cavalry could attack the railroad that connected Lee to the Confederate army under General Jubal Early still in the Shenendoah Valley. Sheridan's cavalry was then to attack Richmond if possible. But after breaking through the Confederate line, the Union offensive stalled. The Union cavalry was counterattacked by Richard H. Anderson's Confederate infantry. But the counterattack was defeated by the dismounted cavalry with their Spencer repeating carbines. But late on July 28, Hancock and Sherman withdrew back to Deep Bottom. The next night, July 29/30, they crossed the James River back to their own lines. They left a garrison to guard the crossing at Deep Bottom. Both sides could claim a victory. The Union forces defeated the Confederate infantry at Darby farm. But the withdrawal afterwards allowed the Confederates a victory. It was a Union victory strategically because their attack on the Virginia Peninsula caused Lee to move five and a half divisions north of James River. This weakened Petersburg leaving only four Confederate divisions to fight there. While Hancock and Sheridan were diverting Lee's attention, a mining operation was going on at Petersburg. A long tunnel was being dug by a regiment of Pennsylvania coal miners. It was dug right up to a Confederate strongpoint.

At this point in the siege, Lee's army had strengthened the Petersburg line. They dug breastworks out of rifle pits. At night, with pick and shovel, they then turned the breastworks into deep trenches. Pointed stakes turned outwards were designed to break up any frontal attacks. The area between the two lines became a no man's land. The summer that year was hot and dry. Streams and springs were quickly drying up causing a water shortage on both sides. The siege was quickly becoming a stalemate.
At a part of the Union line that was only from the Confederate line, the 48th Pennsylvania regiment was dug in. They were below the top of a ridge and part of their lines could not be seen by Confederates, blocked by the terrain. The 48th Pennsylvania regiment was made up of anthracite coal miners. Their commander heard his men remark, "We could blow that damned fort out of existence if we could run a mine shaft under it!" He passed the idea up to Burnside who agreed to the idea and digging started on June 25. Confederates on the ridge began to hear the sounds of picks and shovels under them. They dug several listening shafts. But when the digging sounds stopped on 23 July, they quit looking and dismissed any danger from mining. By the afternoon of July 28 the explosives were ready. Burnside's Fourth Division, including nine regiments of African American troops were trained to bypass the crater the explosion would cause and attack immediately after the explosion. These were fresh troops and their morale was high. At the last minute, Burnside's plan was changed by his commander General Meade to send in white troops. Meade said he did not want to be responsible for the "massacre" of colored troops.

Just before 5:00 am the explosion blew up a Confederate artillery battery and most of an infantry regiment. The blast killed at least 278 Confederates instantly. The crater caused by the explosion was more than long, across and deep. Following the explosion, the untrained Union troops were slow to leave their trenches. Instead of avoiding the crater they ran right into it. The walls of the crater exposed red clay making them too slippery to climb out of. The Confederates recovered quickly and began firing down directly on the Union troops who were unprotected. To try to save the situation, after four hours of fighting Burnside ordered the black troops to attack. At this point they could only follow the white soldiers into the crater. They had to force their way past the dead, wounded and demoralized white troops to get into the fight. As more Confederates joined in, they set up a tremendous crossfire into the crater. Mortar shells were dropped on the Union troops and the Confederate cannons were rolled up to the edge and fired canister shot at the soldiers trapped in the crater. The situation quickly turned from a one-sided battle into a race riot. As Union soldiers surrendered, black soldiers were given no quarter. Those who were allowed to surrender were murdered by Confederate troops as they were marched to the rear. Some Confederates later expressed regret that they could not kill them fast enough, as a few black troops made it to the rear alive.

The fighting went on for eight and a half hours. Burnside's IX Corps suffered 3,800 casualties. Lee's army lost about 1,500 who were killed, wounded or missing. But the black troops lost 1,327 men, 450 of whom surrendered. Most of these were murdered by Confederate soldiers as they were marched to the rear under guard. The failure and horror over what happened at the Battle of the Crater caused Burnside to be relieved of his command. He was placed on indefinite leave of absence with no orders to return to duty. This effectively ended his army career. He resigned from the army less than nine months later, on April 15, 1865.

General Grant was using a strategy of simultaneous operations on both sides of the James River during the summer of 1864. Grant was forcing Lee to use Confederate troops on two fronts. Lee, on the other hand, had General Early in the Shenandoah Valley. While Grant and Lee were engaged at Petersburg, Early launched an offensive into the North that was threatening Washington, D.C..

Grant learned that Lee was sending part of his force to support Early in the Shenandoah Valley. He thought the Confederate trenches between Petersburg and Richmond were now more lightly defended. The information was wrong. But Grant saw an opportunity to break the siege of Petersburg by attacking the trenches around Deep Bottom. The week-long campaign failed to defeat the Confederate defenses because Grant had miscalculated the situation. He sent General Hancock with Union II Corps, X Corps, and General David McMurtrie Gregg’s cavalry division across the James at Deep Bottom during the night of August 13-14. At first, the Union attacks were successful. But soon Confederate reinforcements arrived and the Union advance stalled. On August 17 a truce was called so both sides could take care of their dead and wounded. Lee ordered a counterattack the next day. But it was poorly organized and did not accomplish much. Hancock, however, began a withdrawal of the Union troops north of James. By August 20 the withdrawal was completed. The Union forces maintained their bridgehead at Deep Bottom. Overall the battle and skirmishes cost the Union 3,000 casualties against a loss to the Confederacy of about 1,500. Lee's thinly defended line some long remained intact. But he could not afford to send any troops to Early in the Shenandoah Valley.

While the Second Battle of Deep Bottom was going on, Grant had sent troops south of Petersburg to capture the Weldon Railroad. This was another of Grant's simultaneous operations. The Weldon Railroad was the only connection between Petersburg and the last Atlantic seaport at Wilmington, North Carolina. Grant had failed to capture the Weldon Railroad in June. The Union V Corps under General Gouverneur K. Warren was ordered to move west, destroy the tracks and, if possible, hold the rail line. Warren was successful in destroying tracks. But attacks and counterattacks went on for the next three days. The action cost the Union Army 4,279 casualties and the Confederates lost between 1,600 and 2,300 dead, wounded or missing. The Union was able to extend its lines west and built a fort named after Union General James S. Wadsworth, who was mortally wounded at the Battle of the Wilderness.

Hancock's II Corps moved against the Weldon Railroad on August 24. Tired from the battle at Deep Bottom, they were forced marched to the south of Petersburg to tear up more tracks. Gregg's cavalry cleared a path ahead of them. But on August 25, Confederate general Heath attacked the Union forces at Ream's Station. Confederates captured 9 cannon and took many Union prisoners. Hancock withdrew his forces back to the Union lines near the Jerusalem Plank Road.

By September 1864, the Confederate army was getting hungry. Supplies of everything were running low. Lee's army was feeling the effects of Grant's scorched earth policy in the Shenandoah Valley. On September 5 Lee learned that the Union Army had about 3,000 cattle being kept at Coggins Point, Virginia. This was only from Grant's headquarters. The herd was being lightly guarded by 250 men of the 1st D.C. Cavalry. There was also a detachment of about 150 men of the 13th Pennsylvania Cavalry. This entire area of the Union rear was picketed by one understrength cavalry division. Lee had been pressuring his cavalry commander, Major General Wade Hampton, to attack the Union rear area. Hampton saw this as a chance to both attack behind enemy lines and get cattle to feed the hungry Confederate soldiers at Petersburg. Lee approved but told Hampton he had one concern: “The only difficulty of importance I see to your project is your return.”

Wade put together a force of about 3,000 cavalry troops. It consisted of General W.H.F. "Rooney" Lee's cavalry division, and two brigades led by generals Thomas L. Rosser and James Dearing. It also included about 100 men from Pierce M. B. Young's and John Dunovant's brigades, along with a number of dogs to help herd the cattle. The plan was to ride a total of to steal the cattle then get them back to the Confederate lines. The herd designed to feed Union troops would now be used to feed Confederate troops.

On the morning of September 14, Hampton led his force southwest around the Union Army's left flank. They camped at Wilkinson’s Bridge on Rowanty Creek and early next morning moved to the bridge had once stood over Blackwater Creek. By midnight his forces had rebuilt the bridge and were now within of the cattle herd. Hampton divided his forces. Rooney Lee went to the left to screen against forces coming from Petersburg. Dearing's brigade went to the right to wait for the main attack, then protect the captured herd from any Union forces in the area. Rosser's brigade took the 1st D.C. Cavalry by surprise and captured 300 men. They also captured a number of the Union cavalry's new Spencer repeating rifles. The 13th Pennsylvania cavalry put up a stiffer resistance but were brushed aside by the larger Confederate force. Within a few hours the cattle had been captured and the Confederates were on their way back to their own lines. Once they discovered what had happened, Union forces in the area went after the cattle. All they got for their trouble was a few stray cattle. Once across the bridge over the Blackwater, Hampton's Confederates took it apart. In addition to the cattle, Hampton's men captured the civilian herders. The herders proved useful and seemed willing to go with the Confederate raiders. Hampton got 2,486 cattle losing just 10 men, 47 were wounded and four were missing. Hampton also kept one of the repeating rifles for himself.

Also called the Battle of Chaffin's Farm. On the night of September 20–29, General Butler and his Army of the James cross the James River to attack the outer defenses of Richmond. At dawn, his columns attacked the Confederates. Fort Harrison was the key to General Butler's plan. It was the strongest point in the Confederate line north of the James. On high ground, the fort had a view all the way to the James River. The fort was lightly held by only 200 Confederate troops as most were in Petersburg at the time. The fort's cannon were old and not considered battle worthy by the Northern artillerymen. The Union attack came unexpectedly and so quickly that there were few Union casualties. The Union Army was successful at both New Market Heights and at Fort Harrison. The Confederates then fought to contain the breakthrough. As Grant predicted, Lee weakened his Petersburg defenses to reinforce his lines north of the James River. Lee counterattacked on September 30 but his efforts were unsuccessful. The Union troops dug in forming trenches around the territory they just captured. The confederates built a new line of defenses that cut off the area captured by the Federal troops. The total casualties were 4,430 including Union General Hiram Burnham. The fort was renamed Fort Burnham in his honor.

Also called the Battle of Dabney’s Mill. On February 5, 1865, Gregg's Union cavalry division moved towards Ream's Station and the Dinwiddie Court House. Their mission was to raid and cut off Confederate supply trains. He was supported by Union General Warren's V Corps who took up a blocking position to stop any Confederate interference. Major General Andrew A. Humphreys's II Corps moved west to cover V Corps' right flank. That night, two more divisions reinforced the Union positions. But the raid was unsuccessful. As Gregg's cavalry was returning they were attacked by Confederate divisions led by Generals John Pegram and William Mahone. The Union advance was stopped although General Pelgram was killed in the battle. But the Union Army gained more territory as the line was now extended to Hatcher's run. Total casualties in the action were 2,700.

By March 25, 1865, the Siege of Petersburg had on for nine months. After initial battles the siege had settled into trench warfare. There were now a total of about 50 miles of trenches around Petersburg and Richmond. Lee was losing the war of attrition. Lee realized the Union Army around him was growing in size while his was getting smaller. He knew that as soon as Spring brought better weather, there would be a final attack by the Union Army. Lee ordered one of his most trusted generals, John Brown Gordon, to find a weak point in the Union line and attack it. Gordon thought Fort Stedman offered his best chance for success. While it had high walls and a moat, it formed a narrow gap in the Union line. Also, it was only from the Confederate line. Early in the morning, while it was still dark, Union pickets heard sounds coming from the corn field between the two lines. The sound was Confederate soldiers moving aside the "Cheval de frise" defenses in preparation for an attack. This was followed by 11,000 rebels who quickly captured of Union trenches. Union forces quickly arrived to turn back the Confederates to their own lines.

Union casualties were about 1,000. Confederate killed, wounded or captured numbered around 3,000. These were losses that Lee's army could not afford. Lee wrote Confederate President Jefferson Davis that he could not hold out much longer.

At the Battle of Five Forks, on April 1, 1865, Union General Sheridan's cavalry broke through and flanked the Confederate lines at Petersburg. This set the stage for the final attack. On the morning of April 2, Grant ordered all his troops south of the Appomattox River to charge the Confederate lines. The first success came at the same place where Sheridan had broken through the day before. Union General Horatio Wright's VI Corps quickly overran the Confederate pickets and began a brutal battle that lasted only 20 or 15 minutes. He lost some 2,200 Union solders during this short time period. But the larger numbers of the Union forces finally broke through the rebel line. Most of the Georgians and North Carolinans defending this section surrendered. The breakthrough by the VI Corps was the final straw for Confederate forces defending Petersburg. Lee wired Davis in Richmond that he had to evacuate both Petersburg and Richmond and retreat that night. This is also when Lee lost one of his best generals. Coming back from sick leave, riding to the front lines to rally his men, Lieutenant General A. P. Hill was killed by enemy gunfire.

The siege had lasted nine and a half months. There were a combined total of about 70,000 casualties. Richmond fell on April 3, 1865 and six days later, Lee surrendered his Army of Northern Virginia to General Grant at Appomattox Courthouse.


Arrondissement of Saintes

The arrondissement of Saintes is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Saintes.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Saintes was part of that original department.

It was the centre of the old province of Saintonge.

It is the largest of the "arrondissements" of the Charente-Maritime department but the third by population. It has an area of , and a population of 128,786 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

Saintes is in the central part of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Cognac (Charente department), to the south by the "arrondissement" of Jonzac, to the southwest by the Gironde department (through the Gironde estuary), to the west and northwest by the "arrondissement" of Rochefort.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saintes, there are only two cantons where all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Saint-Porchaire and Saintes cantons. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Saintes has 89 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Jean-d'Angély

The arrondissement of Saint-Jean-d'Angély is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Saint-Jean-d'Angély.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, together with Marennes, was eliminated. In 1943, Saint-Jean-d'Angély was made again an "arrondissement".

Saint-Jean-d'Angély is the "arrondissement" of the Charente-Maritime department with fewest people living in it. It has an area of , and a population of 53,336 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély is in the northeast of the department, in the historical and geographical region of "Basse Saintonge."

It is bordered to the west by the "arrondissement" of Rochefort, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Saintes, to the east by the Charente department and to the north and northeast by the Deux-Sèvres department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, there are only three cantons. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély has 111 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Attacks by Islamic extremists in Bangladesh

In 2015, Islamic extremists killed four bloggers and a publisher in Bangladesh. A report by the Committee to Protect Journalists said Bangladesh was the fourth most deadly country for journalists.

In 2013, a local al-Qaeda group called Ansarullah Bengali Team had a list of 84 names of people it wanted silenced. By 2015, 8 of them were dead: Avajit Roy, Rajeeb Haider, Jafar Munshi, Mamun Hossain, Jagatjyoti Talukder, Arif Hossain Dwip, Ziauddin Zakaria Babu and Wasikur Rahman.

Jafar Munshi ( জাফর মুন্সি ) and Anjali Devi ( অঞ্জলী দেবীর ) were killed for supposed "defamation of religion", such as refusing to enforce hijab on students. Some of the people murdered were supporter of the Shahbag movement (শাহবাগ আন্দোলন ) named for the Shahbag (শাহবাগ) district: Ashraful Alam (আশরাফুল আলম ), Arif Raihan Deep (আরিফ রায়হান দীপ ), Nurul Islam Faruki (নুরুল ইসলাম ফারুকী), Jagat Jyoti Talukder (জগৎজ্যোতি তালুকদার ), and Jakaria Babu (জাকারিয়া বাবু ).

Nazimuddin Samad, a law student, was hacked and shot to death on a busy street in Dhaka.

Xulhaz Mannan, editor Of Bangladesh’s only LGBT magazine was hacked to death.

Rezaul Karim Siddique, English professor was hacked to death in the city of Rajshahi, Bangladesh, after he organized a music school.

Avijit Roy, a writer who started the blog Mukto-Mona, was hacked to death with machetes in Dhaka after a book fair. His wife, Rafida Bonya Ahmed, was hurt.

Washiqur Rahman Babu was killed with knives at his house in Dhaka. Police said he wrote about religion on Facebook under the name Washiqur Babu.

Ananta Bijoy Das was a blogger with Avaijit Roy's Mukto-Mona. He was hacked to death with machetes in Sylhet.

Niladri Chakrabarti wrote under the name Niloy Neel. He was killed in his apartment.

Faisal Abedin Deepan was killed in his office. He was a publisher who published Roy's books. Another publisher, Ahmed Rahim Tutal, was attacked, but he lived.

Ahmed Rajib Haider was hacked to death near his home in Dhaka in February 2013. He wrote under the name Thaba Baba on his blog Somewhere in Blog.

Aysén Region

The XI Aysén Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has four provinces.

The capital city of the region is Coyhaique. Other towns are Puerto Cisnes and Río Ibáñez.


Magallanes Region

The XII Magallanes Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has four provinces.
It contains the Chilean territorial claim in Antarctica.

The capital city of the region is Punta Arenas. Other towns are Puerto Natales, Porvenir and Puerto Williams.
This region has the world famous Torres del Paine National Park.


Santiago Metropolitan Region

The Santiago Metropolitan Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has six provinces.

The capital city of the region is Santiago. Other towns are Providencia, Peñalolén and Lo Barnechea.


Täuffelen

Täuffelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Tavannes, Switzerland

Tavannes is a municipality in Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Île d'Oléron

Île d'Oléron () is an island and canton in the Atlantic coast of France (to the west of Rochefort). It is the second largest island of Metropolitan France, after Corsica. The capital, and largest town, is Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron; it is in the centre of the island.
Since 1966, there is a bridge that connects the island with mainland.

The Île d'Oléron is on the southern side of the "Pertuis d'Antioche" strait.

The island is long and wide; it has an area of . It is a very flat island and its highest point, the "Grande dune de Saint-Trojan" dune in the southern part of the island, is only high.

The southern point of the island is "Pointe de Gatseau", the northern one is "Pointe de Chassiron" and the eastern one is "Pointe des Saumonards". Near this last point is the "Fort Boyard", a fortification in the "Pertuis d'Antioche" that is used for the French TV show of the same name.

The climate in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is an oceanic climate with temperate summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Administratively, the island belongs to the Charente-Maritime department, "arrondissement" of Rochefort, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

The island was divided in two cantons: "Canton du Château-d'Oléron" and "Canton de Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron", with 4 "communes" each. In 27 February 2014, the number of cantons was reduced and the two cantons of the island were combined to form only one: the Canton de l'Île d'Oléron, divided in 8 communes.

The inhabitants of Île d'Oléron are known, in French, as "Oléronais" (women: "Oléronaises").

Île d'Oléron has a population, in 2014, of 22,032, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The eight communes of the island and their populations (2013) are:



Owen Smith

Owen Smith (born 2 May 1970) is a British Labour Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament for Pontypridd in Wales since 2010. In July 2015 he challenged Jeremy Corbyn for the leadership of the Labour Party. Before he became an MP he worked for the BBC and as a lobbyist for Pfizer, a company that makes drugs or pharmaceuticals. 

Lobbying

Lobbying is the act of trying to persuade people or governments to make decisions or support something. Lobbying can be done by many sorts of people, alone or in groups. Often it is done by big businesses, political parties, social movements, or ethnic groups. It can also be done by politicians and by ordinary citizens. Lobbyists are people whose job it is to lobby for big businesses or political parties. The word lobbying comes from the lobby of the Palace of Westminster in London. The lobby is between the House of Commons and the House of Lords, and there people would try to meet politicians as they came in and went out.


Pontypridd

Pontypridd is a town in southern Wales. It is about ten miles south of Wales' capital city, Cardiff. Its name comes from the Welsh "Pont-y-ty-pridd” which means 'bridge by the earthen house'.

Princess of Xiaohe

The Princess of Xiaohe () was unearthed and named by the archaeologists of Xinjiang Institute of Archaeology at Xiaohe Cemetery Tomb M11, 102 km west of Loulan, Nop Nur, Xinjiang in 2003. She is different from the female mummy discovered in 1934 described below. She has flaxen hair and long eyelashes and was wrapped in a white wool cloak with tassels and wore a felt hat, string skirt, and fur-lined leather boots. She was buried with wooden pins and three small pouches of ephedra and twigs and branches of ephedra were placed beside the body. She is not permanently exhibited in any museum. In 2010, she was exhibited at Bowers Museum in Santa Ana, California, Houston Museum of Natural Science and University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. In 2019, she was exhibited at Arthur M. Sackler Museum of Art and Archaeology at Peking University.

The previously called Princess of Xiaohe (), also known as the Beauty of Xiaohe (), is a different female mummy discovered in 1934 by Swedish archaeologist Folke Bergman, at Xiaohe Tomb (小河墓地; literally "Little River Tomb"), Luobu Po (罗布泊), Ruoqiang County (若羌县), Xinjiang. Because of its beauty, this mummy was also nicknamed Marlene Dietrich of the Desert and Sophia Loren of Xiaohe.

The mummy was discovered in the Tarim Basin, 60 km south of the river Konqi He (孔雀河) at the coordinates . 

Estimated to have lived between 1900 BC and 1613 BC, the mummy was between 20 and 40 years old when she died, and stands out among other mummies found nearby for her Indo-European features. The mummy's hair, teeth and eyelashes are well preserved; its face has a sharp nose and deep eyes.



Teuffenthal

Teuffenthal is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Thierachern

Thierachern is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Thörigen

Thörigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Thun

Thun () is a city of the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The city has about 43,783 inhabitants (around 90,000 in the agglomeration), as of 31 December 2013.

It is located where the Aare flows out of Lake Thun (Thunersee), 30 km (19 mi) south of Berne.


Jerusalem Archaeological Park

Jerusalem Archaeological Park (also known as Ophel Garden) is an archaeological park and visitor centre. It is in the Old City of Jerusalem. The park is south of the Western Wall Plaza and under the Dung Gate.


Kawhi Leonard

Kawhi Anthony Leonard (born June 29, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He used to play for the San Antonio Spurs. Leonard played two seasons of college basketball for the San Diego State Aztecs and was named a consensus second-team All-American as a sophomore.

Leonard won Defensive Player of the Year in 2015 and 2016. He won the Most Valuable Player for the 2014 Finals win. He was not drafted by the Spurs. Rather he was traded on draft night from the Indiana Pacers.

In 2018, Leonard joined the Toronto Raptors. He helped the team win the 2019 NBA Finals. His contract ended on June 30, 2019.

Leonard has scored more than 30 points in a game thirteen times in the 2019 playoff season. He has been compared to LeBron James, Kevin Durant, and Stephen Curry.

In 2021, he was named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team.

Jonzac

Jonzac is a commune and a sub-prefecture in southwestern France, in the Charente-Maritime department (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region).

It is the capital of the southern "arrondissement" of the Charente-Maritime department.

Jonzac is in the historical region of "Haute Saintonge". The city started on two hills, "Balaguier" et "Montguimar", where are the main historical buildings of the city: the "Saint-Gervais-Saint-Protais de Jonzac" church and the "Château de Jonzac" castle.

The city of Jonzac is far from the prefecture of Charente-Maritime, La Rochelle, that is at to the northwest, but it is at only from Angoulême, prefecture of the neighbour department of Charente, and at from Bordeaux, prefecture of the department of Gironde and main city of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Jonzac has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Jonzac are Saint-Martial-de-Vitaterne, Réaux, Champagnac, Ozillac, Saint-Simon-de-Bordes and Saint-Simon-de-Bordes.

The Seugne river, a left tributary of the Charente river, flows through the city from southeast to northwest.

The climate of Jonzac, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

With a population of 3,465, Jonzac has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Jonzac are known, in French, as "Jonzacais" (women: "Jonzacaises").

Jonzac is a subprefecture of the Charente-Maritime department since 1800. Its INSEE code is 197 (combined with the code of the department: 17197). It is also the capital of the canton of Jonzac.



Alex Higgins

Alex Higgins (March 18, 1949 – July 24, 2010) was a snooker player from Northern Ireland. He was born in Belfast and started playing snooker at the age of 11. He became a professional player in 1972 when he was 22. He won the 1972 World Snooker Championship by beating John Spencer 37 frames to 32. Ten years later, he won the 1982 World Snooker Championship by defeating Ray Reardon 18 frames to 15. Higgins was nicknamed the "Hurricane" because of his fast play around the table. Higgins retired from professional snooker in 1997.

Higgins smoked 60 cigarettes a day for many years. In June 1998, He was found to have throat cancer. On July 24, 2010, he died in Belfast at the age of 61. The cause of death was a combination of malnutrition, pneumonia, and a bronchial condition. He was clear from throat cancer when he died.

Thunstetten

Thunstetten is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Toffen

Toffen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Stitch (Lilo &amp; Stitch)

Stitch is the main character of the Disney Lilo & Stitch franchise. He is voiced by creator Chris Sanders and is an alien that poses as a dog.

Stitch is a hyena-like alien. was created as Jumba Jookiba's 626th experiment. He left the galactic prison and landed on Hawaii, where he met Lilo Pelekai.

Berga

Berga is the capital of the "comarca" (county) of Berguedà, in Catalonia, northeast Spain.

Berga name is from the Bergistani, an Iberian tribe who lived in the area before the Roman conquest. Berga was ruled by viscounts in the Early Middle Ages. It had its own counts starting in 988. Berga was sold to King Peter II of Aragon in 1199.

Berga is perhaps most famous for its traditional festival of "La Patum". The celebration occurs every Corpus Christi, lasting for five days.

Planum

Planum is an Italian academic journal about urban planning and design. It is published in Italy by the Italian National Institute of Urban Planning. 


Power (Kanye West song)

"Power" is a song by American hip hop performer Kanye West. It was released as the main single from his album "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy". It peaked at #22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It got very good reviews from critics.

The song is performed by Kanye West. It has extra vocals from the soul singer Dwele. It was co-produced by West and Symbolyc One. The song has samples from "21st Century Schizoid Man" by King Crimson, "Afromerica" by Continent Number 6 and "It's Your Thing" by Cold Grits.

The Life of Pablo

The Life of Pablo is the seventh studio album by American rapper Kanye West. It was released in early 2016 by Roc-A-Fella Records, GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings. Most recording of the album took place between 2013 and 2016 and production was done mainly by West as well as other big producers like Mike Dean and Rick Rubin. It got good reviews from music critics and also debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200.

Notes

Sample credits

T24

T24 (Techno 24, Russian: "Техно 24") - Russian scientific educational TV channel of male`s interests. It is devoted to the achievements of science in the civil and military technologies, development of engineers and designers; it explains the newest types of weapons, space exploration, sports science, engineering and strategic sites. It is a part of the "Digital TV" package of media holding VGTRK

The 24TECHNO TV channel began broadcasting on June 18, 2007. It was the sixth TV channel of "ArtMedia Group", the leading manufacturer of TV channels for basic cable and satellite broadcasting.

At first, T24 provided documentary television programming focused primarily on popular science: technique, technology and incredible experiments. The main idea of the channel was to bring together the best scientific programs of Russian and overseas production.

Half of the content was Russian, including the channel’s original content. The other 50% of broadcasting was filled with Western programs and films which met the channel`s subject . 24TEHNO TV used to buy programs from companies such as BBC, Electric Sky, F For Films, World Wide Entertainment and others. Categories: "Man", "Technology", "Discovery", "Space", "The X-Files", "Curiosities" and "Evolution" explained the latest scientific developments in different science branches, as well as the history of discoveries. By 2008, the audience of the channel had reached two million people from Russia, CIS and Baltic countries. At 2011, entered media holding "NCC Media".

On February 1, 2015 former 24TECHNO entered the thematic channels package "Digital TV" (subsidiary RTR and "Rostelecom"). There was a full restart of the channel. The channel got the name " TEHNO 24" or "T24", a new logo and corporate identity, and a new programming lineup. The main idea of the channel was also changed. Oleg Ternovoy became an editor of the “24T”. After restarting, the updated "T24" will offer its viewers a few special projects dedicated to tanks, modern armies armament , as well as will make shows about men, enthusiastic restoration of military equipment. Two "T24" projects are devoted to military and civil engineering. The basis of “T24” is the channel’s own content. In 2015, viewers saw 500 hours of original content. The audience of the channel at the time of start-up was 15.2 million subscribers in Russia, the Baltics and the CIS.


Seugne

The Seugne is a river in southwestern France and a left tributary of the Charente river. It flows through the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

The Seugne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 7.6 cubic metres per second at "Saint-Seurin-de-Palenne".

The Seugne river starts in the "commune" of Montlieu-la-Garde, near the place called "Chez Bourdeau", at an elevation of about . It flows generally north-northwest.

The river flows through the small cities of Jonzac, subprefecture and Pons, both in the Charente-Maritime department.

After the small town of Colombiers, the river flows into the Charente river in Les Gonds, a suburb of Saintes.

The Seugne flows through 2 "arrondissements" (Jonzac and Saintes), 7 cantons and 34 "communes", all in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region:

The river starts in the canton of Montlieu-la-Garde, flows through the cantons of Montendre, Jonzac, Saint-Genis-de-Saintonge, Pons, Gémozac and, finally, ends in the canton of Saintes-Est.

It flows through the following communes, from its starts to its confluence : Montlieu-la-Garde, Chepniers, Pouillac, Sainte-Colombe, Polignac, Chatenet, Le Pin, Sousmoulins, Mérignac, Pommiers-Moulons, Vibrac, Chaunac, Fontaines-d'Ozillac, Léoville, Saint-Médard, Champagnac, Ozillac, Jonzac, Saint-Germain-de-Lusignan, Lussac, Clion, Saint-Georges-Antignac, Mosnac, Fléac-sur-Seugne, Belluire, Pons, Bougneau, Saint-Léger, Colombiers, Montils, La Jard, Berneuil, Les Gonds, Courcoury, Saint-Sever-de-Saintonge.

All the tributaries of the Seugne river are small rivers or streams:


Trachselwald

Trachselwald is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the Swiss canton of Bern.


Tramelan

Tramelan is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


National Liberation Day of Korea

The National Liberation Day of Korea, is a holiday on August 15 in both North and South Korea. It is to celebrate Victory over Japan Day, the day when Korea was freed from Imperial Japanese control by the United States and the Soviet Union. In South Korean, it is written as 광복절 or 光復節, and pronounced gwangbokjeol. In North Korea, it is written as 조국해방의 날 or 祖國解放의 날, and is pronounced jogukhaebangui nal.

United States of America Mathematical Olympiad

United States of America Mathematical Olympiad, or USAMO, is a highly selective (only very good people take it) mathematics competition that takes place in the United States. The first USAMO was in 1972. It is the final round of the AMC series of contests. The United States of America Junior Mathematical Olympiad (USAJMO) was created in 2010 to recognize top scorers based on their AMC10-based index (score). Qualifying for the USAMO is considered one of the most prestigious, or best, awards for high school students in the United States, with only 264 students qualifying in 2013 out of over 350,000 students competing. Top scorers on the USAMO are invited to the Mathematical Olympiad Summer Program to represent the United States at the International Mathematical Olympiad.
The AMC Competition Series consists of multiple tests to determine the 6 people that will represent the United States in the International Mathematical Olympiad:
Mathematical Olympiad Program, is an intense summer program for the top scorers in the USAMO. In MOP, students take tests called TSTST and TST. 6 top scorers will represent the United States at the IMO.

Joey Graceffa

Joseph Michael "Joey" Graceffa (born May 16, 1991) is an American YouTuber who became known for his musical parodies, including the 2012 Hunger Games song "I Wanna Go." He competed in the 22nd and 24th seasons of The Amazing Race. In 2014, he won a Streamy Award for Best Actor in a Drama for Storytellers. He started his YouTube career making videos (short movies) with Brittany Joyal. In 2012 they stopped working together.

Graceffa launched his own web series on Teen.com called Joey's Dystopia. He released a book in 2015 titled "In Real Life: My Journey to a Pixelated World". In the book he came out as gay. He also later released a music video called "Don't Wait" introducing his boyfriend, Daniel Preda. Graceffa has 3.9 million followers on Twitter (October 2017). He has also released a storybook series, called the Children of Eden. On October 4, 2016, Graceffa, along with co-author Laura L. Sullivan, released a young adult novel titled "Children of Eden". The sequel, "Elites of Eden", was published on October 3, 2017.

He grew up with his family in Boston before moving on his own to California to pursue his career. His parents divorced when he was young. He has a brother named Jett and a sister named Nicole. In 2016 he introduced his boyfriend, Daniel Preda. He is good friends with many fellow YouTubers, including Cat Valdes and Louise Pentland.

Treiten

Treiten () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Trimstein

Trimstein was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, Trimstein became part of Münsingen.

ISO 3166-2:PY

ISO 3166-2:PY is the entry for Paraguay in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces, departments or states) of all countries that are in ISO 3166-1.

Currently for Paraguay, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 capital and 17 departments. The capital of the country Asunción is similar to the departments.

Each code has of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the second part is either of the following:

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).



Departments of Paraguay

Paraguay has 17 departments and one capital district ("Distrito Capital"). The departments are formed by districts.

The departments are grouped in two geographic regions, separated by the Paraguay river:
 

 

Trubschachen

Trubschachen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kambly is a Swiss biscuit factory headquartered in Trubschachen.


Tschugg

Tschugg is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kalika Purana

The Kalika Purana is a Hindu script. It is one of the 18 uppurana. There are 98 lesson and 9000 sloka in this holy book. This is the only book written for Goddess Kali and her special form. It explains the kamrupa mountain, river and kamakhya temple. It also records how to worship Kali, Kamakhya and Durga. It is the main book of the Shakta branch in Hinduism. Probably this book was written in Kamrup (present Assam) or Bengal. This Purana is an important scripture. Most modern writers mention that it is a main script of shaktadharma. This Purana mentions the mythological story. It is the rare book where we find the term of Hindu.

The oldest printed version of the Kalika Purana was printed in Mumbai in 1907 by Venkateswar Press. Later the first Bengali version of was printed by Kolkata Bangabasi Press in 1909.

Trabzon

Trabzon, is a city on the Black Sea coast of northeastern Turkey. It is the capital of Trabzon Province. Trabzon is well known for its fish production. It started as a trading colony of ancient Greece and later became capital of the Empire of Trabizond.

Wabern bei Bern

Wabern bei Bern is a village in the municipality of Köniz in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Branching

Branching is a term in linguistics. It refers to the way a phrase or sentence is made up. There is a head word and various other words to make the phrase or sentence.

Most languages make phrases with a head word and dependents (modifiers). These examples show the phrase heads in bold. 

Examples of left-branching phrases (= head-final phrases):

Examples of right-branching phrases (= head-initial phrases):

Example of phrases that contain both left- and right-branching (= head-medial phrases):

Most structures in English are, however, not completely left- or completely right-branching, but rather they combine both. The following trees show a combination of left- and right-branching in English:

There are more right-branching structures than left-branching structures in English. This means that trees usually grow down to the right.

Mürren

Mürren is a village in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Ghasem Rezaei

Ghasem Rezaei (Persian: قاسم رضايى‎‎, born August 18, 1985 in Amol) is an Iranian wrestler from Mazandaran Province of Iran.
He won the gold medal in the men’s 96 kg Greco-Roman at the 2012 London Olympics. Rezaei won the bronze medal in the men's 96 kg Greco-Roman at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Rezaei's first success at the international level was 2007 when he won bronze in the FILA Senior World Championships.


Seeland (administrative district)

The administrative district of Seeland in the Swiss canton of Bern has 46 municipalities in an area of 335 km².

Concepción Department, Paraguay

The Concepción department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Concepción.

Its code is PY-1.

The Concepción department is in the central part of the country, in the northwest of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a population of 189,929 for a Population density of .


The main river in the department is the Paraguay river. Other rivers are the Apa and the Ypané.

, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Concepción was . The month with the most precipitation was March with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Concepción was . The warmest month, on average, was January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 11 districts:



Angora goat

The Angora goat () is a breed of domestic goat. It is named for Ankara, Turkey (before 1930, Angora). The Angora produces fine quality white or coloured mohair which is very similar to wool. Angoras were imported into Europe in 1554 by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor. In 1765 they were imported into Spain and about 1785 they were introduced into France. None of these were able to set up a successful mohair production. But in 1838 Angoras were successfully introduced in South Africa. Today, the Union of South Africa is one of the world's top mohair producers. Angora goats are kept mostly for their output of mohair.

Tüscherz-Alfermée

Tüscherz-Alfermée () was a municipality in the district Nidau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Tüscherz-Alfermée and Twann merged into the new municipality of Twann-Tüscherz.

Twann

Twann () was a municipality of the district Nidau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Twann and Tüscherz-Alfermée merged into the new municipality of Twann-Tüscherz.


Bümpliz

Bümpliz is a quarter of the city of Bern in Switzerland.
List of famous People who grew up in Bümpliz:
Dennis Lüthi

Until 1919 it was a municipality of its own. It was then incorporated into Bern.

Spencer repeating rifle

The Spencer repeating rifle was a lever-action, seven shot repeating rifle with a rotating block. It had a tubular magazine that fed 56-56 rimfire cartridges into the chamber. The rifle was invented by Christopher Miner Spencer and patented in 1860. 

Spencer had formerly worked for Samuel Colt. His rifle was one of the most advanced designs of the American Civil War. It took some time to sell the idea to the United States Government so the rifles were not produced until 1863. The war department was looking at a number of rifle designs and it took time to decide on Spencer's rifle. 

When Spencer was trying to get his rifle accepted, he faced a number of bureaucratic obstacles. He decided to try to see the one person who might be able to cut through the red tape, President Abraham Lincoln. He got an appointment with Lincoln and brought a Spencer rifle and ammunition to the White House. Lincoln was impressed and asked Spencer to take it apart and explain how it worked. When Spencer put it back together for the President, Lincoln asked if Spencer was busy the next day. When Spencer said he was not, Lincoln said “Come over tomorrow at 2 o’clock, and we’ll see the thing shoot.” 

At 2:00 p.m. the next day, Spencer, President Lincoln and his son Todd, went to the open field nearby (later the site of the Washington Monument). Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton had been asked to attend but did not show up. Lincoln fired the gun and tested it thoroughly. Lincoln decided to keep the rifle. He shot it again the next day with his secretary, John Hay. Lincoln directed the War Department to order Spencer rifles. By the end of the war about 230,000 had been produced. Some were made by Spencer's company and later others were made by the Burnside Rifle Company in Providence, Rhode Island. After the Sharps rifle, the Spencer was the most widely used carbine during the war.

An excellent example of the firepower of the new Spencer carbines was the action at Parker's Store on the morning of May 5, 1864. The 500 cavalrymen of the Fifth New York Cavalry dismounted to form a skirmish line. They were attacked by an entire division of Confederate infantry The Union cavalry held off the Confederates for over three hours until they ran low on ammunition, forcing them to pull back. The cavalry lost about 80 casualties in the skirmish. The Confederates believed they were facing an entire Union brigade and had no idea it was a small cavalry regiment using Spencer repeating carbines.

The Spencer repeating rifle had a "rolling block" design. It was activated by lowering the trigger guard which opened the breech and extracted the spent cartridge shell. Raising the lever loaded a new cartridge from a spring-loaded 7-round magazine in the stock. The gun had few parts, many of which were common to the Sharps rifle. This made it easy and relatively inexpensive to make. One of its main advantages was its breech loading design. The Spencer proved to be very reliable under battlefield conditions. The muzzleloading rifles were slow to load compared to the Spencer. Also, in battlefield conditions, muzzleloaders could only aim the first few shots. With the enemy bearing down on them the remaining shots were fired as quickly as possible and were almost always poorly aimed. Muzzleloaders could fire only two or three shots a minute. A soldier trained to use the Spencer could fire from 20 to 30 aimed shots a minute when using a cartridge box that held 10 pre-loaded magazines. The only weakness of the Spencer was the small powder charge that did not have great range. But it proved to be an excellent rifle for the cavalry because they usually fought at close range. It allowed a smaller cavalry unit to lay down devastating firepower on an enemy. Several times, larger Confederate units had to retreat to save themselves from being cut to pieces by Spencer-equipped Union cavalry units.


Strongpoint

A strongpoint is a key point in a defensive fighting position which the rest of the positions rely on. Its primary requirement is that it should not be easy to defeat by the enemy. In general, high ground is preferred. But any good tactically important terrain can be used as a strongpoint. Examples from history include Battle of Thermopylae, where 300 Spartans held off an entire Persian army at a narrow pass in the mountains. In the Battle of Monte Cassino in Italy in World War II, the area around the abbey of Monte Cassino was used by the German army as a strongpoint until it was destroyed by American bombers.

Banshee

In Celtic mythology, a Banshee is a female spirit, who usually announces that a person from the family will die soon. The word is from "bean sí", which literally means woman from the hills. An older spelling is "bean sidhe". "Bean sith," and bean-nighe are variants.

Ethnic minorities in Azerbaijan

This article is about the ethnic minorities in Azerbaijan.
Although more than 91% of the people are ethnic Azerbaijanis, Azerbaijan has many ethnic minorities including Russians, Ukrainians, Georgians, Jews and other minorities. However, the numbers of most of these ethnic minorities are small.
After the end of the Soviet Union with the independence of Azerbaijan and the Nagorno-Karabakh War, almost all Armenians (outside the separatist region of Nagorno-Karabakh) fled or were deported from the country. At the same time, almost all Azerbaijanis fled or were deported from Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh. 

Most Russians and other minorities have also left the country and are continuing to leave. As a result, Azerbaijan has become ethnically more "pure".

Waterloo International Airport

Waterloo International Airport is an airport in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
It is an international airport because it does flights to Chicago, Illinois in the United States.

Chañaral Province

The Chañaral Province () is one of three provinces in the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). The capital is the small coastal town of Chañaral.

The Chañaral province has an area of .

Chañaral is bordered on the north by the Antofagasta region, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Copiapó province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

About north of the town of Chañaral is the "Pan de Azúcar National Park".

 (last national census), there were 32,132 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Chañaral, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 6,384 inhabitants.

As a province, Chañaral is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"). The city of Chañaral serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Chamber (firearms)

The chamber is that part of a firearm into which the cartridge is loaded. The chamber is also the place the cartridge is fired from. In a breech-loading weapon the chamber is directly behind and in line with the barrel. Most rifles and pistols have a single chamber. To "chamber" a round means to load a cartridge into the chamber.

A revolver has multiple chambers contained in a revolving cylinder. The typical number is six, which is the reason for the nickname Six Shooter and indicates the cylinder has six chambers each holding one cartridge. 

In a semi-automatic firearm the weapon can fire a bullet each time the trigger is pulled (until the magazine is empty). A semi-automatic firearm can be a pistol, rifle, or shotgun. Each time the trigger is pulled, the gun fires, the spent shell is ejected and a new round is loaded into the chamber. The semi-automatic is a very popular choice for sporting use.

Semi-automatic pistols and rifles use the pressure of the fired cartridge to move the slide backwards. A fraction of a second later, the slide moves forward loading a fresh cartridge into the chamber. The magazine uses a spring to feed one cartridge at a time into the chamber.

Fully-automatic firearms are those that automatically reload and fire again repeatedly as long as their triggers are depressed and they still have ammunition in their magazines. Fully automatic weapons are not for sporting use but are used by police and militaries. An assault rifle is "a gun that can shoot many bullets quickly and that is designed for use by the military". Like semiautomatic firearms, automatics have a single chamber.

A manually loaded firearm is one in which the chamber is loaded by hand each time the weapon is fired. For example, a Bolt action rifle ejects the spent cartridge when the bolt is pulled back, then loads another cartridge into the chamber when the bolt pushed forward (and locked). 

A lever action rifle does the same thing when the lever is moved down (ejects the spent cartridge), then up (loads a new round in the chamber). There are also single shot pistols, rifles and shotguns in which the breech is opened to eject a spent shell, then the shooter loads a round into the chamber manually. 

A popular type of manually loaded firearms for sporting and hunting use is the pump action shotgun. Here, a sliding handle (usually located under the barrel) is moved backwards to eject the spent shotgun shell, then when moved forward it loads a fresh shotgun shell from a tubular magazine.

Uebeschi

Uebeschi is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Trump

Trump most commonly refers to:
Trump may also refer to:











Uetendorf

Uetendorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sprout (TV network)

Sprout is an American Digital cable and satellite television network it launched on September 26, 2005. is owned by NBCUniversal.

2013 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2013 Africa Cup of Nations was the 29th Africa Cup of Nations held from 19 January to 10 February 2013. It was organized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF). South Africa hosted the tournament for the second time. This was also the first tournament to be held on an odd-numbered year. This was done so that it doesn't get in the way of the FIFA World Cup.

Nigeria won the tournament after a 1–0 victory over Burkina Faso in the final. Mali also won the third-place game. Nigeria later represented Africa in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup.

A total of 47 countries entered the qualification.

The average daytime temperature of the host cities ranges from to .

Quarter-finals

Semi-finals
Third place match

Final









Unterlangenegg

Unterlangenegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


1994 African Cup of Nations

The 1994 African Cup of Nations was the 19th Africa Cup of Nations held from 26 March to 10 April. It was hosted by Tunisia and had 12 teams who qualified.

Nigeria won their 2nd title after defeating Zambia 2−1 in the final. The Zambian team featured new players because the 1993 Zambia national football team air disaster occurred a few months earlier.

Teams highlighted in green move on to the quarter-finals.

Quarter-finals

Semi-finals
Third place match

Final








Unterseen

Unterseen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ulsan

Ulsan is a metropolitan city in the southeast of South Korea. Big companies such as Hyundai Heavy Industries, Hyundai Hysco, Hyundai Mipo Dockyard, Hyundai Motor Company, SK Innovation and S-Oil. are in Ulsan. Making motors, shipbuilding and petrochemical companies are the main industries in Ulsan. It has the largest area of Korean metropolitan cities but it has the lowest population. In Ulsan, there is a Whale Festival every year to celebrate whales.

AC Sparta Prague

Athletic Club Sparta Praha (), commonly known as Sparta Prague, is a Soccer club from the Czech Republic. It is the most successful football club in the Czech Republic. Its nickname is Iron Sparta. Its biggest rival is Slavia Prague.

The A.C. Sparta Prague has:

In 1991, Sparta came in third place in the Champions League. The other finalists were F.C. Barcelona, F.C. Porto, and F.C. Spartak Moscow.

Sparta last won a title in the Czech Republic during the 2013/2014 season. Sparta also won the Czech League Cup and the Super Cup that season. Because of this, Sparta fans call the 2013/2014 season the "Sparta treble season."

In the 2015/2016 season of the Europa League, Sparta made it to the quarterfinals but lost to Villarreal C.F. 

Famous players who have played for Sparta include Pavel Nedvěd, Jan Koller, Andrej Kvašňák, Jan Berger, Tomáš Rosický, Horst Siegl, Václav Mašek, Jiří Novotný, Jiří Jarošík, Libor Sionko, Wilfried Bony, and Leonard Kweuke. 

Sparta's most famous coach was Václav Ježek.

The following is a list of the all-time statistics from Sparta's games in the three UEFA tournaments it has participated in, as well as the overall total. The list contains the tournament, the number of seasons (S), games played (P), won (W), drawn (D), and lost (L). The statistics include qualification matches.

"As of 12.02.2021, Source: "

Notes

George Meade

George Gordon Meade (1815-1872) was one of the few Union Army generals in the American Civil War who was born and began his career in a foreign country. He was born in Cadiz, Spain on December 31, 1815. He came to the United States after his family was financially ruined during the Napoleonic Wars. Meade was made commander of the Union Army of the Potomac just before the Battle of Gettysburg. After the Civil War he stayed in the army, serving in the South during the Reconstruction. Meade served as commissioner of Fairmount Park in Philadelphia until his death in 1872.

Meade was born in Cadiz, Spain to American parents, Richard W. Meade and Margaret Coates Meade. His father was an agent for the United States Navy. Richard Meade died in 1828 leaving his family with very little money. The family returned to the United States settling in Philadelphia. In 1831, because his family was still struggling financially, Meade entered the United States Military Academy at West Point. Four years later he graduated 19th in a class of 56. 

Meade was commissioned a second lieutenant and served in the Seminole Wars in Florida. He was an artillery officer for a year before resigning in 1837 to become a civil engineer. He reentered the army in 1842 after having difficulty in finding jobs. Meade was a second lieutenant in the Corps of Topographical Engineers when the Mexican–American War broke out in 1846. He was then placed in charge of lighthouse construction and later, surveying the Great Lakes.

At the outbreak of the Civil War, Meade had risen to the rank of captain in the regular army. He was appointed a brigadier general to command a brigade of Pennsylvania volunteers. He was given the task of building several fortifications near Tenallytown, Maryland. It was about this time he gained his nickname "The Old Snapping Turtle" for being short-tempered with junior officers and his superiors. He was especially short with civilians and newspaper reporters. His command was attached to the Army of the Potomac in March 1862. His troops fought in the Battle of Beaver Dam Creek and the Battle of Gaines's Mill. Meade was seriously wounded at the Battle of Glendale. He remained on the battlefield giving orders until a loss of blood from two bullet wounds forced him to leave the field. He recovered in a Philadelphia hospital and returned to duty in September. He led a division of "Pennsylvania Reserves" at the Battle of South Mountain and again three days later on September 17, 1862 at the Battle of Antietam. At Antietam he took temporary command of I Corps after the corps commander was wounded. He participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg and after the battle was made commander of the V Corps. In May 1863, Meade's V Corps protected the important fords on the Rappahannock River at the Battle of Chancellorsville. Despite the Union Army heavily outnumbering the Confederates, the Army of the Potomac was defeated. This led to General Hooker being replaced as commander. On June 28, 1863 Meade was given overall command of the Army of the Potomac.

Having had command of the Army of the Potomac for only three days, and having to deal with a Confederate army which had already invaded Pennsylvania, Meade quickly reorganized his forces. He moved the army towards Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to stop Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
With parts of his army already at Gettysburg, Meade arrived late in the day on July 1. He decided to fight a defensive battle. His army held ground just south of Gettysburg. The next day saw some of the bloodiest fighting with the Union army holding the high ground and Lee's army attacking both flanks. Each attack was thrown back. That evening, Meade held a "council of war" with his officers. All said the army should stay and fight the Confederates. On July 3 the Confederates attacked the Union center with about 13,000 men. They broke through the center of the Union line only to be thrown back again. When Lee told General George Pickett to gather his division together and attack again, Picket replied he no longer had a division. They had been nearly wiped out during Pickett's Charge. At that point Lee realized he had been defeated. On July 4, 1863, following three days of battle at Gettysburg, the two armies watched each other from opposing ridges. Meade sent out skirmishers to probe the Confederate lines. But no order was given to attack. Lee was now concerned with getting his army and all their captured supplies back to Virginia. His army held its position while the more than 10,000 wounded men were moved by wagon train to Williamsport, Maryland. The train of wagons and ambulances with the wounded was some long. Meade discovered Lee's army had left the morning of July 5. Meade then ordered his nearly exhausted army to pursue Lee. Since the Potomac River was flooded, Lee's army was delayed in crossing. But by the time Meade's forces reached the Potomac, Lee had already escaped back into Virginia.

While Meade was proclaimed the "hero of Gettysburg", President Lincoln wasn't satisfied. He had expected Meade to follow and destroy Lee's army, which could have ended the war. Meade offered Lincoln his resignation but Lincoln refused to accept it. On July 7, 1863, Meade was promoted to brigadier general in the regular army. Both the battles of Bristoe Station and Mine Run were undecisive for the Union army under Meade. In the spring of 1864, Meade again offered his resignation when General Ulysses S. Grant became general-in-chief of all Union forces and made his headquarters with the Army of the Potomac. While Meade remained in command, nearly all command decisions were made by Grant. This continued through the Siege of Petersburg after which Meade was promoted to major general. A week later, when Lee surrendered his army to Grant at Appomattox Court House, Meade was not present.

Meade commanded several military departments. One of these was the Department of the South. In the fall of 1872, he came down with pneumonia. He died on November 6, 1872. His funeral became a state affair with President Grant attending. Thousands of people in Philadelphia lined the route of his funeral to say goodbye to the "hero of Gettysburg". On July 18, 1917, by order of the United States Department of War, Camp Meade, Maryland was named in honor of George G. Meade. In 1929, to differentiate it from Fort Meade in South Dakota, the camp was renamed Fort George G. Meade.


Clementi MRT station

Clementi MRT Station (EW23) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. Part of the East West Line, Clementi MRT Station is heavily used by commuters who live in Clementi itself or further west to go to work and also, by students of the National University of Singapore, Ngee Ann Polytechnic and other schools around Clementi. Hence, the station experiences high passenger traffic throughout the day due to it serving a wide range of passengers.

The tracks between this station and Jurong East is the second longest between any two stations on the East West Line, the longest being the tracks between Expo and Changi Airport MRT Stations. It takes four minutes for trains to travel between these two stations.

The station is also directly linked to the Clementi Mall and Clementi Bus Interchange. Together, they form the Clementi Integrated Transport Hub (ITH).

It was opened on 12 March 1988.
On 5 August 1993, at around 7.53 am, two trains collided in the station. It appeared that one train had stopped at the station for longer than usual after experiencing a technical fault, and then a second westward train hit the first. It was caused by a 50 litre oil spill. 156 commuters were injured, many of whom were on their way to work. Eight were admitted to three hospitals, while the rest received outpatient treatment. In the aftermath of the accident, SMRT said that it would replace the faulty maintenance locomotives and purchase new ones. It also introduced a new policy for station managers to inspect tracks for oil or foreign objects before the start of service.


Together with Commonwealth and Queenstown stations, this station will see the construction of an additional pedestrian link bridge linking the station to two new exits, one on each side of the road. The exits will be equipped with fare gates and ticketing machines. It was completed and opened on 25 August 2015.

Queenstown MRT station

Queenstown MRT Station (EW23) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. It was opened on 12 March 1988.

The station was opened on 12 March 1988, as part of the extension of the MRT system from Outram Park to Clementi.

Together with Commonwealth and Clementi stations, this station will see the construction of an additional pedestrian link bridge linking the station to two new exits, one on each side of the road. The exits will be equipped with fare gates and ticketing machines. Construction started in mid-2012 and opened on August 23, 2015, together with Commonwealth.


Commonwealth MRT station

Commonwealth MRT Station (EW20) is an MRT station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. It was opened on 12 March 1988.

Together with Queenstown and Clementi stations, an additional pedestrian link bridge linking the station to two new exits were built, one on each side of the road. The exits are equipped with fare gates and ticketing machines, whereas the exit numbers are divided into 1 and 2 respectively. These new exits were opened on 23 August 2015, alongside Queenstown.

Chañaral

Chañaral is a small coastal city and commune in the Atacama region in the north of Chile. It is the capital of the province of Chañaral.

Its name, "Chañaral" means a "place where there are many trees of chaña" (the Chilean name for "Geoffroea decorticans").

In 1824, Diego de Almeyda found a large area with copper ore in the region; later, he looked for a place from where to export the mineral and began to form a small village in the place where is the present town of Chanaral. In 26 October 1833, José Joaquín Prieto founded the Distrito de Chañaral ("Chañaral District").

The commune of Chañaral has an area of . The city of Chañaral is to the north of Santiago at and to the north of the city of Copiapó at .

The commune is bordered on the north by the Antofagasta region, on the east by the Diego de Almagro commune, on the south by the Copiapó province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

Near the town of Chañaral, to the north, is the "Pan de Azúcar National Park".

The "Salado" river flows into the Pacific Ocean in the commune of "Chañaral"; it is about long.

Chañaral has a very dry climate, a desert climate. The average amount of precipitation for the year, during 47 years, is only .

 (last national census), there were 13,143 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

Chañaral is the largest city of the province with a population, in 2002, of 12,123 inhabitants. The small town of "Salado" has 1,149 inhabitants.



Linda Partridge

Professor Dame Linda Partridge (born 18 March 1950) is a British geneticist. She studies the biology and genetics of ageing (biogerontology) and age-related diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.

In 1994 she moved to University College London (UCL) as Weldon Professor of Biometry, and was the Director of the Institute of Healthy Ageing between 2007 and 2019.

She is also founding director of the Max Planck Institute for the Biology of Ageing.

Partridge was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1996 and appointed CBE in 2003. She was awarded the Linnean Society of London's prestigious Darwin–Wallace Medal in 2008.

In 2009, she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE), and received the Croonian lectureship from the Royal Society.

In March 2009, the UKRC announced Dame Linda was one of six Women of Outstanding Achievement in Science, Engineering and Technology.
She is a member of the Advisory Council for the Campaign for Science and Engineering.

She was awarded Foreign Honorary Membership from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010.
She has been awarded Honorary Degrees (DSc) from the University of Bath in 2011, the University of Oxford and the University of Brighton.

In a recent BBC radio interview Partridge talked about her life and work.

Now That You Got It

"Now That You Got It" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her second solo studio album, "The Sweet Escape" (2006). Stefani co-wrote the song with its producers Sean Garrett and Swizz Beatz. The album version of the song is a hip hop and R&B song and the remix is a reggae song.

The song's music video was directed by The Saline Project and was shot in Puerto Rico and Jamaica. The Puerto Rico scenes were filmed after Stefani's concert there on July 19, 2007. Most of the video were shot in a studio, including scenes of Stefani riding a motorbike in front of a green screen.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".


Diego de Almagro, Chile

Diego de Almagro is a small Chilean city and commune in the Chañaral Province, Atacama Region. The commune is named after Diego de Almagro, a Spanish conquistador.

Its inhabitants are called "dieguinos" (women: "dieguinas").

The commune was created on 19 August 1972 with the name of "Pueblo Hundido" but its name was changed on 13 April 1977 to the present name of "Diego de Almagro".

The commune of Diego de Almagro has an area of . The city of Diego de Almagro is at from Chañaral (capital of the province and at from the city of Copiapó (capital of the Atacama region).

The commune is bordered on the north by the Antofagasta region, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Copiapó province and on the west by the Chañaral commune.

Diego de Almagro has a very dry climate, a desert climate. The average amount of precipitation for the year, during 10 years, is only .

 (last national census), there were 18,589 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest town of the commune is "Salvador", a mining town, with a population, in 2002, of 9,745 inhabitants. The town of Diego de Almagro has 8,192 inhabitants.



Copiapó Province

Copiapó Province () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). Its capital is the city of Copiapó.

The Copiapó province has an area of , the largest province in the Atacama region.

Copiapó is bordered on the north by the Chañaral province, on the northeast by Argentina, on the east by the Tierra Amarilla commune, on the south by the Huasco province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean and the Caldera commune.

The main river of the province is the Copiapó river that is long. In the valley of the Copiapó river, fruits, including grapes, are grown.

 (last national census), there were 155,713 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Copiapó, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 129,091 inhabitants.

As a province, Copiapó is a second-level administrative division, consisting of three communes ("comunas"). The city of Copiapó serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Huasco Province

Huasco Province ) is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). Its capital is the city of Vallenar.

The Huasco province has an area of , the smallest province in the Atacama region.

Huasco is bordered on the north by the Copiapó province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Coquimbo region and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river of the province is the Huasco river that is long. In the valley of the river, fruits, including grapes, are grown.

 (last national census), there were 6,649 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Vallenar, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 48,040 inhabitants in the commune.

As a province, Huasco is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Vallenar serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Cimo, Ticino

Cimo is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Bosco Luganese and Cimo merged to form the municipality of Bioggio.

Breno, Ticino

Breno is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalities of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Sirtuin

Sirtuin or Sir2 proteins are a class of enzymes that are important in cell biology. 

Sirtuins regulate important biological pathways in bacteria, archaea and eukaryotes. The name Sir2 comes from the yeast gene 'silent mating-type information regulation 2', the gene responsible for cellular regulation in yeast.

Sirtuins influence many cellular processes like ageing, transcription, apoptosis, inflammation and stress resistance, as well as energy efficiency and alertness during low-calorie situations. Sirtuins can also control circadian clocks and mitochondrial biogenesis.

Euryale

Euryale is one of the gorgons in Greek myth. Her sisters are Stheno and the infamous Medusa. All three were once ravishing young women, particularly Medusa, who also happened to a priestess in the temple of Athena and took a vow of chastity, until she was raped by Poseidon. This was much to the ire of Athena and to punish Medusa, she had her and her sisters, who had been watching, turned into monsters with snakes for hair and a killer gaze, which turned onlookers into stone. The trio of sisters were later banished to a remote island. 

A side effect of the transformation was that while Medusa's sisters were immortal, she herself wasn't, which would lead to Perseus killing her. Euryale is well known for her loud cries, particularly after her younger sister's death.

MTOR

mTOR is a protein, an enzyme which regulates cell growth, cell division, cell movement, cell survival, protein synthesis, autophagy, and transcription. It is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MTOR" gene.

It has been given various names. It was originally called the 'mammalian target of rapamycin', but is also known as the 'mechanistic target of rapamycin' and 'FK506-binding protein 12-rapamycin-associated protein 1' (FRAP1).

The mTOR pathway is a central regulator of mammalian metabolism and physiology, with important roles in the function of tissues including liver, muscle, white and brown adipose tissue, and the brain.

Rapamycin

Rapamycin, also known as sirolimus, is a compound produced by the bacterium "Streptomyces hygroscopicus".

It is used in medicine to prevent organ transplant rejection. It has immunosuppressant functions in humans and is especially useful in preventing the rejection of kidney transplants. It inhibits activation of T cells and B cells by reducing the production of interleukin-2 (IL-2). Sirolimus is also used as a coating for coronary stents.

Rapamycin was first shown to extend lifespan in eukaryotes (actually, yeast cells) in 2006.

In a 2009 study, the lifespans of mice fed rapamycin were increased between 28 and 38% from the beginning of treatment. That is a 9 to 14% increased maximum lifespan. The treatment began in mice aged 20 months, the equivalent of 60 human years.

Later, rapamycin has been shown to extend mouse lifespan in several separate experiments. It is now being tested for this purpose on nonhuman primates (the marmoset monkey). A study on dogs is also planned.

Because rapamycin at high doses can suppress the immune system, people taking rapamycin for transplant or cancer therapy are more susceptible to dangerous infections. 

It is thought that some dietary regimes, like restricting calories and methionine, cause lifespan extension by decreasing mTOR activity. It is believed that this is achieved by limiting the essential amino acid leucine, a potent activator of mTOR. The administration of leucine into the rat brain has been shown to decrease food intake and body weight via activation of the mTOR pathway.

According to the free radical theory of aging, reactive oxygen causes damage to mitochondrial proteins, and decreases ATP production. Then, the mTOR pathway is inhibited and ATP consuming protein synthesis is downregulated. This means the proportion of damaged proteins grows. Moreover, disruption of mTORC1 directly inhibits mitochondrial respiration. 

These positive feedbacks on the aging process are counteracted by protective mechanisms: decreased mTOR activity (among other factors) upregulates glycolysis, and removal of dysfunctional cellular components by autophagy.

Bristoe Campaign

The Bristoe Campaign was a series of minor battles fought in Virginia during October and November 1863, in the American Civil War. Major general George G. Meade, commanding the Union Army of the Potomac, began an unsuccessful attempt to defeat General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. Lee countered with a turning movement. Not willing to do battle on ground he did not choose, Meade gradually withdrew his army back toward Centreville. His object was to keep Lee from getting between his Union forces in Virginia and Washington, DC.

In September, Lee was forced to send his I Corps commanded by general James Longstreet to the Western Theatre around Chattanooga, Tennessee. Meade lost his Union XI and XII Corps who were also sent to Tennessee. Lee was left with about 55,000 men while Meade’s forces now numbered about 80,000. Meade was unhappy about having to give up two Corps and felt he did not have a large enough force to defeat Lee. Lee, however, proceeded with his plan for a turning movement, to get between Meade and Washington DC.

Early on the morning of October 9, the Confederates broke camp to try to move unnoticed around Meade's flank. They avoided hills and dusty roads where marching might raise clouds of dust that could be seen for miles. Lee knew that if Meade discovered his movements he would either commit to battle or move north of the Rappahannock. But Union pickets reported there were no drum or bugle calls and no smoke from the morning cooking fires coming from the Confederate camps. Word was sent to Meade's headquarters that the rebel army seemed to be moving westward. Meade still did not know what was happening but was very uneasy about these reports. Lee might be moving south to Richmond or he could be moving north trying to turn Meade's flank. Meade also realized that Lincoln was unhappy with his letting Lee escape after Gettysburg. So Meade knew he had to do something.

Throughout the day on October 9, Meade waited on news of Lee's movement. That evening his sent orders for general John Buford’s 1st Cavalry Division to cross the Rapidan at Germanna Ford to find out where the Confederates were. But Buford did not get the orders until the following morning. His cavalry left right away but did not get to the area where the Confederates had been camped before 11:00 a.m.. It wasn't until sunset they made contact with Confederate troops at Morton’s Ford. Meade did not get word of this until the next day, October 11.

At Culpepper Courthouse, Meade was beginning to think Lee was moving north around his flank. But he still had no reports showing this was the case. By the night of October 10, Meade decided a fight in the constricted area of Culpepper was dangerous and might give Lee an advantage. He ordered his entire army north of the Rappahannock. Buford had not received word of the Union army moving north and waited for support from I Corps on the morning of October 11. Instead, he was attacked by Confederate cavalry. The Union and Confederate cavalry units fought throughout the day and by evening Buford had fought his way back across the Rappahannock. But this had distracted the Union cavalry from discovering where Lee's army was.

On October 13, in what became known as the First Battle of Auburn, Confederate general J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry was riding ahead of Lee's army. He blundered into Federal troops guarding a supply train. Seeing he was outnumbered, Stuart's cavalry hid in the thick bushes waiting for a chance to attack. But they quickly found themselves surrounded by Union troops who did not know Stuart's men were there. The Confederate cavalry remained in hiding, gathering information about what they saw. The next morning, in what was called the Second Battle of Auburn, Stuart's cavalry fought its way out of the area.

On October 14, 1863 Hill's Corps attacked two Union corps who were retreating north. Hill's mistake was in not ordering any reconnaissance before the attack to see what they were up against. One of Hill's divisions was badly beaten and one artillery battery was lost. After reinforcing his line Hill was not able to make any progress against the Union corps who were dug in behind the Orange and Alexandria Railroad embankment. After beating Hill, the Union army continued on to Centerville, Virginia. Lee was angry with Hill over his mistakes at Bristoe Station. He told hill, "bury your dead and say no more about it!"

After defeat at Bristoe Station and an aborted advance on Centreville, Stuart's cavalry shielded the withdrawal of Lee's army from the vicinity of Manassas Junction. Union cavalry under general Judson Kilpatrick pursued Stuart's cavalry along the Warrenton Turnpike. But they were lured into an ambush near Chestnut Hill and were routed. The Federal troopers were scattered and chased five miles (8 km) in an affair that came to be known as the "Buckland Races".

Lee returned to his old position behind the Rappahannock but left a fortified bridgehead on the north bank. This protected the approach to Kelly's Ford. On November 7, Meade forced passage of the Rappahannock at two places. A surprise attack by general John Sedgwick's VI Corps at dusk overran the Confederate bridgehead at Rappahannock Station. They captured two Confederate brigades (more than 1,600 men) of general Jubal A. Early's division. Fighting at Kelly's Ford was less severe, but the Confederates retreated, allowing the Federals across in force.

Turning movement

A turning movement , also called a wide envelopment is a maneuver designed to pass around the enemy's front to strike a vital part of the enemy's rear. It is a military tactic where a command is divided into two parts. The first part holds the enemy from the front while the other part moves around to attack the enemy's rear or flank. Unlike an envelopment or a flanking maneuver, the two forces operate beyond the distance where they could usually support each other. It is often easier for an enemy force to avoid an envelopment than it is to avoid a turning movement. To counter a turning movement, the enemy must either abandon their position or turn to meet the new threat. The turning movement is a variation of the envelopment tactic. Another difference is that the turning movement often seeks to "avoid" enemy contact until they are deep in the enemy's rear. Faced with a new threat in his rear area, the enemy is "turned" out of his defensive position and forced to act.

An early example of a turning movement was by Julius Caesar in 48 BC. One of Napoleon I of France's favorite tactics was the "Strategy of Indirect Approach" or the turning movement. One corps of his army would hold the enemy's attention while the main force would move behind the enemy in a wide circle. Ideally he would use the terrain to hide the turning movement. He used this to great effect during his 1805 Ulm Campaign. He repeated his success with this tactic at the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt in 1806, and at the Battle of Friedland in 1807.

The famous "left hook" maneuver by American and French troops during Operation Desert Storm was another example of a turning movement. Paratroopers of the American 82nd Airborne Division in vehicles along with the French 6th Light Armoured Brigade moved up the flanks. At the same time the 101st Airborne Division made the largest helicopter assault in history in the rear of Saddam Hussein's Republican Guard to cut off their retreat.



Geoffroea decorticans

The Geoffroea decorticans or Chañar is a small tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. It is found in very arid places of southern South America. It is a deciduous tree that loses its leaves in winter with the cold and also in summer if it gets too dry.

The trunk of "Geoffroea decorticans" grows vertically when grows alone but the plant looks like a shrub when it grows inside the forest. The tree grows up to tall.

The trunk could have up to in diameter, with yellow bark that off, revealing the underneath young green bark. The plant has many branches and many leaves, and the tree have a rounded look in its upper part.

The flowers are very visible, small, papery and yellow-coloured. The tree produces flowers in spring (September to October, in the Southern hemisphere), either singly or in groups ("clusters)", and produces fruits from November to January.

"Geoffroea decorticans" is unique among legumes in that it produces fleshy, oval s that hold a single seed. Fruits are initially green but turn deep orange as they mature.

The second name of the species, " decorticans", means that the bark of the trunk peels off.

Common names for this tree are "chañar", Chilean palo verde and "kumbaru".

The species have the following synonyms:

The plant grows naturally in very dry regions in South America. "Geoffroea decorticans" is found in Argentina (northwest and central), Bolivia, northern Chile, western Paraguay, southern Peru and western Uruguay. 

The "chañar" grows from sea level up to above sea level. In Chile, it grows in the Arica and Parinacota, Tarapacá, Antofagasta, Atacama and Coquimbo regions, and grows in groups called , in plural ( in singular).

"Geoffroea decorticans" is an average tree with a wood moderately hard and dense, good for carpentry and furniture making. It is also used as firewood and to make cheap posts (tall sticks) for fences.

The fruits are sweet and can be eaten, as well as the seeds; both are used as human and animal feed. The fruits are very commonly used for both cooking and medical purposes in the processed form of chañar molasses.

Because they produce many bright, yellow flowers, "Geoffroea decorticans" is also used as ornamental plants.


Cyclone Bobby

Cyclone Bobby took place on February 19, 1995. The cyclone hit parts of Western Australia. It moved slowly before hitting the east of Onslow. Cyclone Bobby had 40mm of rain and a maximum winds of 270km/h. Three people died from Bobby and many were injured. Cyclone Bobby was one of the most devastating cyclones in the history of Western Australia.

Postal codes in Azerbaijan

Postal codes in Azerbaijan consist of four digits. 

The four-digit postcode shows the nationwide format "AZ NNNN". The first two digits show the regions of Azerbaijan in accordance with the modern administrative divisions, including the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic and occupied Nagorno-Karabakh.

From 1970 until 1991, when Azerbaijan was part of the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan SSR, the entire territory of the Soviet Union used the six-digit postcode "37NNNN". After gaining independence, Azerbaijan switched to the current four-digit postcode.



ENSAE ParisTech

ENSAE Paris (officially École nationale de la statistique et de l'administration économique Paris) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its curricula lead to these French & European degrees:

Academic activities and industrial applied research are taught mainly in French and English languages. The students are from a dozen nationalities.

Research activities at ENSAE ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Hayflick limit

The Hayflick limit (or Hayflick phenomenon) is a phenomenon of cell division in tissue culture. It is the number of times a normal human cell population divides until cell division stops.
We now know that the telomeres on each cell's chromosomes get slightly shorter with each new cell division, until they reach a critical length.

The idea of the Hayflick limit was suggested by American anatomist Leonard Hayflick in 1961, at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Hayflick showed that a population of normal human fetal cells in a cell culture will divide between 40 to 60 times. The population then goes into senescence. This refutes the idea of Nobel laureate Alexis Carrel that normal cells are potentially immortal.

Each mitosis slightly shortens each of the telomeres on the chromosomes of the cells. Telomere shortening eventually makes cell division impossible, and this ageing of the cell population may cause the overall physical ageing of the human body.

The process of telomere shortening leads to apoptosis, the technical name given to programmed cell death. Although the Hayflick experiments were done on human cells in tissue culture, there is nothing special about human cells which would not be found in the cells of other living organisms. Apoptosis is thought to happen in all multicellular organisms. The 2002 Nobel Prize in Medicine was awarded to Sydney Brenner, H. Robert Horvitz and John E. Sulston for their work identifying genes that control apoptosis. The genes were found by studies in the nematode "Caenorhabditis elegans". These same genes function in humans for apoptosis.


Cantor's diagonal argument

Cantor's diagonal argument is a mathematical method to prove that two infinite sets have the same cardinality. Cantor published articles on it in 1877, 1891 and 1899. His first proof of the diagonal argument was published in 1890 in the journal of the German Mathematical Society (Deutsche Mathematiker-Vereinigung). According to Cantor, two sets have the same cardinality, "if it is possible to associate an element from the second set to each element of the first set, and to associate an element of the first set to each element of the second set".

The example below uses two of the simplest infinite sets, that of natural numbers, and that of positive fractions. The idea is to show that both of these sets, formula_1 and formula_2 have the same cardinality. 

First, the fractions are aligned in an array, as follows:

Next, the numbers are counted, as shown. Fractions which can be simplified are left out:

That way, the fractions are counted:

By omitting fractions that can still be simplified, there is a bijection which associates each element of the natural numbers, to one element of the fractions: 

To show that all natural numbers and the fractions have the same cardinality, the element 0 needs to be added; after each fraction its negative is added;

That way, there is a complete bijection, which associates a fraction to each natural number. In other words: both sets have the same cardinality. Today, sets that have the same number of elements than the set of natural numbers are called countable. Sets which have fewer elements than the natural numbers are called at most countable. With that definition, the set of rational numbers / fractions is countable. 

Infinite sets often have properties which go against intuition: David Hilbert showed this in an experiment which is called Hilbert's paradox of the Grand Hotel.

The set of real numbers does not have the same cardinality than those of the natural numbers; there are more real numbers than natural numbers. The idea outlined above influenced his proof. In his 1891 article, Cantor considered the set "T" of all infinite sequences of binary digits (i.e. each digit is zero or one).

He begins with a constructive proof of the following theorem:
To prove this, given an enumeration of elements from "T", like e.g.
The sequence "s" is constructed by choosing the 1st digit as complementary to the 1st digit of "s" (swapping 0s for 1s and vice versa), the 2nd digit as complementary to the 2nd digit of "s", the 3rd digit as complementary to the 3rd digit of "s", and generally for every "n", the "n" digit as complementary to the "n" digit of "s". In the example, this yields:
By construction, "s" differs from each "s", since their "n" digits differ (highlighted in the example).
Hence, "s" cannot occur in the enumeration.

Based on this theorem, Cantor then uses a proof by contradiction to show that:
He assumes for contradiction that "T" was countable. In that case, all its elements could be written as an enumeration "s", "s", … , "s", … .
Applying the previous theorem to this enumeration would produce a sequence "s" not belonging to the enumeration.
However, "s" was an element of "T" and should therefore be in the enumeration. 
This contradicts the original assumption, so "T" must be uncountable.

Arrondissements of the Deux-Sèvres department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Deux-Sèvres department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs).  The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Deux-Sèvres are:

Since its creation, the Deux-Sèvres department has had some changes:


Arrondissement of Bressuire

The arrondissement of Bressuire is an arrondissement of France, in the Deux-Sèvres department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Bressuire.

When the Deux-Sèvres department was created on 1790, Bressuire was not one of the original districts but, in 1804, it was made one of the "arrondissements" of the department when the subprefecture of Thouars was moved to Bressuire.

Bressuire is the northernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the Maine-et-Loire department, to the east by the Vienne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Parthenay and to the west by the Vendée department.

It has an area of , and a population of 96,703 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bressuire, there are 3 cantons with all their "communes"  in the "arrondissement": Bressuire, Mauléon and Thouars, 

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the "arrondissement" of  Bressuire:

The "arrondissement" of Bressuire has 53 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Cynthia Kenyon

Cynthia Jane Kenyon (born February 21, 1954) is an American molecular biologist and geneticist. She does research on the genetics of aging in the model organism "Caenorhabditis elegans", which is a roundworm.

Kenyon did postdoctoral studies with Nobel laureate Sydney Brenner at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England, studying the development of "C. elegans".

Since 1986 she has been at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), as the Herbert Boyer Distinguished Professor of Biochemistry and Biophysics, and now as an American Cancer Society professor. She is also Vice President of Aging Research at Calico, a new company focused on health, well-being, and longevity.

Her early work led to the discovery that hox genes, known to pattern the body segments of the fruit fly "Drosophila", also pattern the body of "C. elegans". These findings showed that hox genes were part of an ancient and fundamental metazoan patterning system.

Michael Klass discovered that lifespan of "C. elegans" could be altered by mutations, but he believed the effect was due to reduced food consumption (calorie restriction). Later, Thomas Johnson showed that the 65% life extension effect was due to the mutation itself, not calorie restriction.

In 1993, Kenyon discovered that a single gene mutation (daf-2) could double the lifespan of "C. elegans" and that this could be reversed by a second mutation in daf-16m. This set off an intensive study of the molecular biology of aging. Kenyon's findings led to the discovery that an evolutionarily-conserved hormone signaling system influences aging in other organisms, perhaps also mammals.

The company she founded, Elixir Pharmaceuticals, is trying to make a pill that would slow down the process that makes people age. It would mimic gene manipulation.

Kenyon has received many honors, including the King Faisal Prize for Medicine, the American Association of Medical Colleges Award for Distinguished Research, the Ilse & Helmut Wachter Award for Exceptional Scientific Achievement, and La Fondation IPSEN Prize, for her findings. She is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She is now the director of the Hillblom Center for the Biology of Aging at UCSF. She is also one of featured biologists in the 1995 science documentary "Death by Design / The Life and Times of Life and Times".

Kenyon's research prompted her to make personal dietary changes. She stopped eating high glycemic index carbohydrates when she discovered that putting sugar on the worms' food shortened their lifespans.

Kenyon follows a low glycemic index diet similar to the Atkins diet and the South Beach Diet.

In the past, Kenyon had also briefly experimented with a calorie restriction diet for two days, but couldn't stand the constant hunger.



Randall Woolf

Randall Woolf (born 23 August 1959) is an American composer. He studied at Harvard University. Woolf received Guggenheim Fellowship in 1999. One of his piaces is called "White Heat". He is a long time collaborator of Welsh musician John Cale. He arranged Cale's score for Mary Harron's movie "American Psycho". His wife Kathleen Supové is a pianist.


Arrondissement of Niort

The arrondissement of Niort is an arrondissement of France, in the Deux-Sèvres department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Niort.

When the Deux-Sèvres department was created on 1790, Niort was one of the original districts.

Niort is the southernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Parthenay, to the east by the Vienne department, to the south by the Charente-Maritime department and to the west by the Vendée department.

It has an area of , and a population of 212,425 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the case of the "arrondissement" of Niort, all its cantons have their "communes" within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Niort has 163 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Arrondissement of Parthenay

The arrondissement of Parthenay is an arrondissement of France, in the Deux-Sèvres department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Parthenay.

When the Deux-Sèvres department was created on 1790, Parthenay was one of the original districts.

The territory of the present "arrondissement" of Parthenay is the historical region of Gâtine vendéenne; several "communes" are named after this region: La Boissière-en-Gâtine, Mazières-en-Gâtine, Saint-Paul-en-Gâtine, Vernoux-en-Gâtine.

Parthenay is the central "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Bressuire, to the east by the Vienne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Niort and to the west by the Vendée department.

It has an area of , and a population of 64,425 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Parthenay, there are 2 cantons with all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": La Gâtine and Parthenay. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Parthenay has 77 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Arosio, Switzerland

Arosio is a village and former municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalites of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Envelopment

Envelopment is the military tactic of attacking the enemy's flank or rear. This is done while keeping the enemy's attention focused on his front by the use of diversionary attacks. The envelopment makes the enemy fight in a direction they are the least prepared for. The maneuver requires a flank that can be attacked. Unlike a flanking maneuver, which uses the enemy's forward movement to create an attackable flank, envelopment depends on the enemy's defensive position, any obstacles and the terrain. The envelopment has both advantages and disadvantages. Advantages include being able to capture or defeat all or part of an opposing army. It offers less risk than other offensive maneuvers. Disadvantages include the possibility of an enemy counterattack on the weakened center or on the other flank.


Famous examples of the single envelopment include Alexander the Great who used it at the in 331 BC. Robert E. Lee used the tactic at the Battle of Chancellorsville in 1863. During World War II, German General Erwin Rommel used it successfully at the Battle of Gazala, which led directly to his capture of Tobruk in 1941. Some of the famous double envelopments include Hannibal at the Battle of Cannae where he defeated the Roman army in . In 1781 during the American Revolutionary War, American general used it successfully against British general , causing many of the British soldiers to surrender. In the 1944 during Operation Overlord, German troops were caught in a double envelopment by British and American forces.


Knap of Howar

Knap of Howar is a neolithic settlement on Papa Westray (one of the Orkney Islands) in Scotland. The farm was occupied from about 3700 to 2800 BC. The farm consists of two buildings: One has been interpreted as house where people lived, the other as a workshop of sorts.The houses have no windows, both entries face the sea. It is believed that the houses where lit by fires. 

DeAndre Yedlin

DeAndre Roselle Yedlin (born July 9, 1993) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Major League Soccer club Inter Miami and the United States national team.

Seattle Sounders FC

Newcastle United

Inter Miami

United States

Individual

Sèvre Nantaise

The Sèvre Nantaise is a river in western France, a left tributary of the Loire river.

It starts in the Deux-Sèvres department (named "Two Sèvres" after this and the Sèvre Niortaise river that flows through Niort) and ends in the city of Nantes (and is the origin of the second part of the river's name).

The Sèvre Nantaise river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Nantes, where the Sèvre Nantaise joins the Loire river.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Nantes
The Sèvre Nantaise starts in the "Gâtines" plateau, "commune" of Neuvy-Bouin, near the "commune" of Secondigny in the Deux-Sèvres department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the northwest through the departments of Vendée, Maine-et-Loire and Loire-Atlantique.

Finally, the river flows into the Loire river in the city of Nantes.

The Sèvre Nantaise flows through 2 regions, 4 departments and 44 "communes":

The main tributaries of the Sèvre Nantaise river are:


Ricardo Lucarelli

Ricardo Samuel Lucarelli Santos de Souza (born February 14, 1992) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He is a member of the Brazil national volleyball team and Brazilian club Funvic Taubaté. He competed on the winning volleyball team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.


Aaron Russell

Aaron Russell (born June 4, 1993) is an American volleyball player. He is a member of the United States men's national volleyball team. He competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. He won a bronze medal. Since late 2015, he plays for an Italian volleyball club.


Artem Volvich

Artem Aleksandrovich Volvich (born 22 January 1990) is an Russian volleyball player. He is a member of the Russian National Volleyball Team. He competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.


Lazarus

Lazarus is a given name and surname (family name). The pronunciation of the name is [ laz-er-"uh"s ]. It is derived from the Hebrew אלעזר, Elʿāzār (Eleazar) meaning "God has helped". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Cagiallo

Cagiallo is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 15 October 2001 the former municipalities of Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca, Tesserete and Vaglio merged to form the new municipality Capriasca.

Sala Capriasca

Sala Capriasca is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 15 October 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Tesserete and Vaglio to form a new and larger municipality Capriasca.

Tesserete

Tesserete is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

In 1976 the neighboring municipality Campestro was incorporated into Tesserete.

On 15 October 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca and Vaglio to form a new and larger municipality Capriasca.

Ardfern

Ardfern ( = "the head-land of alder-trees") is a village in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It is on the south coast of the Craignish peninsula, facing Loch Craignish.

Rosh Chodesh

Rosh Chodesh or Rosh Hodesh (; trans. "Beginning of the Month"; lit. "Head of the Month") is the name for the first day of every month in the Hebrew calendar, marked by the birth of a new moon. It is considered a minor holiday, like the middle days of Passover and Sukkot.

When a Hebrew calendar month is 30 days long, day 30 is considered Rosh Chodesh of the next month. Then Rosh Chodesh is two days long: day 30 of the old month and day 1 of the new month.

Sèvre Niortaise

The Sèvre Niortaise is a river in western France, flowing into the Atlantic Ocean.

It starts in the Deux-Sèvres department (named "Two Sèvres" after this and the Sèvre Nantaise) and flows through Niort (that is the origin of the second part of the river's name).

The Sèvre Niortaise river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Niort.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Niort
The Sèvre Niortaise starts in the "commune" of Sepvret in the Deux-Sèvres department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the northwest through the departments of Vendée and Charente-Maritime.

Finally, the river flows into the Atlantic Ocean to north of the city of La Rochelle.

The Sèvre Nantaise flows through 2 regions, 3 departments and 38 "communes":

The main tributaries of the Sèvre Niortaise river are:


Intersectionality

Intersectionality or intersectional theory studies the relation between the many different ways that people are kept in a lower social position, controlled, and left out of important parts of society because of their differences. Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw gave the name "intersectionality" to this concept in 1989. 

Sometimes a society decides that a group of people are different from themselves. When they do this, they "other" that group, or marginalize them. Intersectionality points out that people are often othered for more than one reason.

These reasons might be


Because of this, it suggests that these types of othering cannot be looked at by themselves. They must be looked at together. For example, a person can be othered because they are a woman, a person of color, a poor person, and a disabled person at the same time. These different forms of othering make each other worse, shape each other, and prop each other up. This means that the experience of being othered for all of these reasons is different from what would happen if you added them all up. Because of this, fighting each one alone would not help the people who experience many of them at the same time.

Intersectionality says that the different ways people are othered and forced into a lower social position, such as racism, sexism, classism, ableism, homophobia, transphobia, xenophobia and bigotry based on belief, create an entire system. In this system, each of the ways people are held down by society contributes to the other. So if someone wanted to understand how a society began to other a group of people as a race apart from themselves (racialization), they would have to look into the ways that gender, class, sexuality, and other parts of identity shaped this process.

Intersectionality began as a way to understand the ways that women of color in American society were othered. The women who developed the theory were challenging the feminism of their time. They saw it as being too focused on the issues of wealthy white women. They felt that this left behind the women who needed feminism the most, and only helped the women who already had the most power. They were also criticizing the Civil Rights Movement. They saw it as being too focused on men and leaving women of color behind. They believed they had a place in both of these movements, and that these parts of their lives could not be separated. Intersectional theory quickly grew to include the relation between all of the many other ways that people are othered and kept in a lower social position, such as sexuality, ability, and the gender binary.

Daniel Sickles

Daniel Edgar Sickles (1819–1914) was a controversial New York politician, diplomat, and political general during the American Civil War. He was the first person to successfully use the Insanity defense as a legal defense. As a result, he was acquitted of killing his wife’s lover, Francis Barton Key (son of Francis Scott Key). As a general, he was a political appointee who gained his high rank strictly through political influence. Without any military experience or training, Sickles found it difficult to follow orders. In spite of his battlefield failures, he managed to get himself awarded the Medal of Honor.

Sickles was born in New York City on October 20, 1819. He was the son of George Garrett Sickles and Susan Marsh Sickles. At a young age he kept running away from home. His parents sent him to boarding school when he was 15 years old but he had to leave after a fight with a teacher. He became a printer's helper for a year before returning to New York City. There he developed the habit of hanging out with prostitutes and others with poor reputations. His parents decided he needed a good education and arranged for him to live in the Da Ponte household. Sickles was to be tutored by the elderly Professor Lorenzo Da Ponte. He was already friends with the younger Professor Da Ponte, who was in his 30s at the time. Sickles' parents hoped the friendship would be a good influence on Sickles. Maria Cooke, a young American girl also lived in the household. She was about the same age as Sickles. She was thought to be the natural daughter of the elder Da Ponte who adopted her. Her husband, Antonio Bagioli and their infant daughter, Maria, also lived with the Da Ponte family. At the time she was 3 years old, Sickles was 20. They would marry some 13 years later.

Sickles then studied law at New York University. Afterwards he became involved in politics and was a key figure in the Tammany Hall political machine. He also served as their legal counsel. Through political influence he became the Corporate Council for New York City, Secretary of the United States Legation in London and later a US congressman from New York. In 1852 he married Teresa Bagioli. At the time he was 33 years old and she was 15. Both families were opposed to the marriage at the time. Only a few years later, living in Washington, D.C. as the wife of a congressman, she was described as "more like a schoolgirl than a polished woman of the world" with a "sweet, amicable manner".

Leaving for London, as the assistant to James Buchanan, American minister to Great Britain, he left his young pregnant wife Teresa at home. Instead, as his traveling companion, he brought Fanny White, a notorious prostitute. In London Sickles embarrassed the American delegation on more than one occasion. He refused to drink a toast to Queen Victoria. Another time he introduced Fanny White to the Queen under a false name.

In 1859 Sickles was arrested for murder. His wife had turned to another man for attention. This was Francis Barton Key, son of Francis Scott Key. Sickles repeatedly shot Key in front of his home (which was also in front of the White House. Sickles had a team of lawyers represent him, led by Edwin M. Stanton (future Secretary of State under Abraham Lincoln). Sickles was released on what was the first successful plea of "temporary insanity". Sickles already had a questionable reputation, but this incident made him a pariah. Sickles saw the outbreak of the civil war as an opportunity to save his reputation.

In Congress, Sickles had aligned himself with Southern Democrats and was himself a pro-slavery Democrat. But after the outbreak of the war, Sickles suddenly became Pro-Union. His last session in Congress had ended in March so Sickles was back in New York City practicing law when the war started. In later versions of his motives for joining the Union Army he stated he thought he could best serve the Union by raising a regiment. Republican President Lincoln needed the support of Democrats and apparently saw Sickles as one he could use. After raising a regiment, then a brigade which he named the Excelsior Brigade, Sickles assumed he would be given the rank of brigadier general (a colonel commanded a regiment while a brigadier general commanded a brigade). But officially, he remained a colonel of the first regiment, even though he commanded the entire brigade. New York Governor Edwin D. Morgan decided there were too many regiments from New York City and ordered Sickles to disband some of the regiments. As a result, Sickles would not get a brigadier general's commission. Going around the governor, Sickles went to Washington to meet with Lincoln. The President agreed to enlist the disbanded regiments as United States Volunteers. Finally on July 20, 1861 they received orders to report to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia. In September, Sickles was nominated as a brigadier general of volunteers, but his confirmation was delayed for several months by the United States Senate. Sickles brigade spent most of 1861 in lower Maryland. Sickles frequently visited the Lincolns in Washington during this time. In March 1862, his command was attached to General Joseph Hooker in the Army of the Potomac. That same month, Sickles' brigadier general commission was turned down by the Senate. The Excelsiors saw their first combat that month. Sickles personally led a reconnaissance. Then on April 6, he left the Excelsiors for Washington to protest his not being commissioned a brigadier general. While his unit fought in the Peninsula Campaign, Sickles remained in Washington. Lincoln again nominated him for general and on May 3, 1862 the Senate confirmed him.

On May 24, "brigadier general" Sickles was ordered to report back to Hooker. He was given command of Hooker's 2nd Brigade. Sickles saw his first major engagement at the Battle of Seven Pines. Sickles next saw action at the Seven Days Battles. Hooker's advance did not go well due in part to Sickles' brigade having difficulties moving through the swamps then meeting heavy Confederate resistance. When some of his men broke and ran to the rear, Sickles was only able to get a few to return. Nonetheless, Hooker's report noted Sickles gallantry in trying to rally his men. He did not stay long and missed the Second Battle of Bull Run and the Battle of Antietam, being in New York recruiting men for his brigade. When Ambrose Burnside replaced George B. McClellan as commander of the Army of the Potomac, both Hooker and Sickles were moved up to command larger units. Sickles still had hardly any battlefield experience yet was now leading Hooker's old second division of III Corps. Sickles was busy getting New York newspapers and Washington insiders to promote his image as a battle hardened fighting general.

In December 1862, at the Battle of Fredericksburg, Sickles brigade did not see battle until the third day. He and his troops watched as Union troops fought uphill against Lee's Confederates. After 2:00 p.m. Sickles was finally ordered to the front. Leading his men they found the battle to mostly be over in their section. They secured their position against limited sniper fire and a few Skirmishes but otherwise did not see any fighting.

When Burnside was replaced as commander of the Army of the Potomac, Hooker was moved up to replace him. In the new assignments resulting from the change, and even though he had little battlefield experience, Sickles was given temporary command of III Corps. But again, the Senate did not confirm his promotion to Major General. Finally, on March 9 (with his rank to date back to November 29), the Senate confirmed his promotion. By the end of March Sickles was officially a major general. Unlike earlier battles, at the Battle of Chancellorsville, Sickles saw action. As Sickles observed Confederate general Stonewall Jackson's flanking maneuver, without orders he pushed forward with two-thirds of his corps to go after the Confederates. This left XI Corps on his right completely isolated. Jackson's confederates then made a crushing attack on XI Corps. Sickles leaving his assigned position was a major factor in the Confederate victory. This started a feud between Hooker and Sickles that continued into the Battle of Gettysburg. Hooker blamed Sickles for the defeat at Chancellorsville.

On June 27, Hooker resigned as commander of the Army of the Potomac. Among the corps commanders suggested to replace him, the New York Herald actually suggested Sickles as the best commander for the job. On June 28, three days before the battle of Gettysburg, Lincoln appointed general George G. Meade to replace Hooker. On July 1, the first day ended in Confederate victory. Meade worked to quickly put his forces in place for the next day's battle. Early on the morning of July 2, Meade sent a message to Sickles with instructions to place his 12,000-man corps on Cemetery Ridge. He was specifically ordered to connect to general Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps on his right, and extend his line to Little Round Top on his left.

Sickles, not impressed with his new commander or his orders. He rode to Meade's headquarters about 11:00 a.m. and waited to see Meade. But the commander was busy at the time. Feeling ignored Sickles returned to his troops. He decided he did not like his orders. A mile to his front was Emmitsburg Road, which was higher ground than he was assigned to occupy. He also did not like the fact there were rocks and trees among his line. Sickles, without orders or without informing the other corps commanders moved his corps forward about one mile. This left Hancock's left flank completely open and a large break in the line where his corps was supposed to be. The new position he chose was wider than the one he abandoned and he did not have enough men to cover it completely. The middle of his line formed a salient (a right angle in the line that could be attacked from two directions). Brigadier general Henry Hunt, the artillery chief, inspected the new position with Sickles and pointed out the problems. He said he had to check back with Meade to see if the orders he gave Sickles could be changed. Sickles made the move anyway. Within an hour, his entire III Corps was nearly wiped out by Confederate general James Longstreet's corps. Sickles himself was nicked by a cannonball which shattered his leg. He was carried off the field and his right leg was amputated a few hours later. His injury may have saved him from a court-martial for disobeying orders, but his days as a field commander were at an end.

After Sickles lost his right leg, he gained fame for donating it to the Army Medical Museum in Washington, DC. He sent it with a card which read, "With the Compliments of Major General D.E.S.". The leg is on display today at the Army Medical Research and Materiel Command headquarters building at Fort Detrick, Maryland. After his recovery, Lincoln sent Sickles to the South where he was to look into the effect of slavery on African Americans. He was also to give suggestions for the future Reconstruction of the South.

After the Civil War he held a number of different positions. He was military governor of North and South Carolina but was removed by President Andrew Johnson in 1867. He retired from the army in 1869. From his retirement to 1872 he was appointed a U.S. minister to Spain by President Ulysses S. Grant. While there Sickles managed to engage in "undiplomatic relations" with the Spanish queen. He served one more term in Congress from 1893–1895 but was defeated for reelection in 1986. In 1897, after 34 years of lobbying, Sickles was able to get himself awarded the Medal of Honor.

In New York he was a New York City sheriff and chairman of the New York State Monuments Commission. In 1912, he was removed from the commission for allegedly misusing funds. He also was an important part of establishing the Gettysburg National Battlefield Park. On May 3, 1914, Sickles died in New York City of a cerebral hemorrhage. Sickles was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.


Thouet

The Thouet is a river in western France, flowing through the Deux-Sèvres and Maine-et-Loire departments, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Pays de la Loire regions.

It is one of the last left tributary of the Loire river.

The Thouet river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Thouet starts in the "Gâtine" plateau, west of the Deux-Sèvres department, in the "commune" of Le Beugnon, near Secondigny and close to the source of the Sèvre Nantaise river, at an elevation of about . From the source to Parthenay the river flows in a generally southwest-northwest direction. To the east of Parthenay, the river turns north and flows on a generally northward direction for the rest of its course.

Finally, the river flows into the Loire river in the city of Saumur.

The Thouet flows through 2 regions, 2 departments and 34 "communes"; some of them are:

The main tributaries of the Thouet river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:



Amambay

The Amambay department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Pedro Juan Caballero. Its code is PY-13.

The name comes from the name of a part of the Caaguazú Cordillera, the "Amambay Cordillera" (). "Amambay" (or "amambái") means "fern" in Guaraní language; ferns are common in the forests of the region.

The town of Pedro Juan Caballero was found in 1893, and Bella Vista, in 1902. The department of Amambay was created in 1945 as the No. 10 department of the country. After some reorganization it was declared as the No. 13 department.,

Pedro Juan Caballero, the capital of the department, is still known by its old name, "Punta Porá", because is near the "Punta Porá" Hill; that name was used by the people that transported yerba mate from Mato Grosso to Concepción. The BrazilIan municipality across the border, Ponta Porã (Mato Grosso do Sul), keeps the name.

The Amambay department is in the north part of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a population of 125,611 for a Population density of .

Amambay is the highest of the Paraguayan departments, high, and the "Punta Porá" Hill, high, is one the highest point in the country.


The main rivers in the department are the Apa in the north, and the Ypané and the Aquidabán rivers in the central part of the department.

, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Pedro Juan Caballero was . The month with the most precipitation was February with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was May with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Pedro Juan Caballero was . The warmest month, on average, was December with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 5 districts:



Darwin–Wallace Medal

The Darwin–Wallace Medal is awarded by the Linnean Society of London for "major advances in evolutionary biology".

The medals have been awarded every 50 years, beginning in 1908. That year marked 50 years after the joint presentation of papers by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. These were "On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties"; and "On the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection". The papers were both about natural selection as the main cause of evolution. The papers were presented to the Linnean Society of London on 1 July 1858. 

Wallace was one of the first to get of the medal. In his case it was made of gold, rather than the silver versions given to the six other medallists. However, in 2008 the Linnean Society announced that due to the continuing importance of evolutionary research, the medal will be awarded on an annual basis beginning in 2010.

The first award was of a gold medal to Alfred Russel Wallace, and silver medals to six other distinguished scientists:


20 silver medals were awarded:


13 silver medals were awarded, including 2 posthumously:



Khan Academy

Khan Academy is a non-profit educational organization. It has been created by Sal Khan. Khan Academy is available on the internet for free. Khan Academy teaches by using YouTube videos of short lectures of certain topics, as well as by using practice exercises and tools that help with learning. It is available in many different languages, but mostly English.

Khan Academy teaches mostly about mathematics, but also teaches biology, chemistry, physics, history, astronomy, cosmology, American civics, art history, economics, music, computer programming and computer science, healthcare, medicine, and finance. In the YouTube videos that Khan Academy makes, they record diagrams being drawn from a tablet using the screen capture software called Camtasia Studio.

Untersteckholz

Untersteckholz was a municipality in Aarwangen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010 the Untersteckholz became part of Langenthal.

Ursenbach

Ursenbach is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Urtenen-Schönbühl

Urtenen-Schönbühl is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Uttigen

Uttigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Kienersrüti merged into the municipality of Uttigen.


Political general

A political general is a term used by historians and most often applies to the American Civil War. In this context, it means a General officer who does not have formal military training or experience and who gained his position through political influence. To a lesser degree, it can also mean generals who engaged in politics during or after their time as a general. A "political general" can seem to be a contradiction in terms in a country such as the United States where by law the military is under civilian authority. An example was Dwight D. Eisenhower, who graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in the class of 1915. He was an experienced staff officer who commanded the invasions of North Africa and Western Europe. Eisenhower developed the political skills to deal with his British and American officers as well as political leaders. He later became President of the United States. 

In history, many great generals were also political leaders. Julius Caesar was a general who became the dictator of Rome in 44 BC. Genghis Khan was the son of a Mongol chieftain who became a general and then the leader of the Mongol Empire. As a general, Alexander the Great never lost a battle. He was a king who was also a general. In the British Army of the 17th and 18th centuries, the officers were often aristocrats and most obtained their rank by purchase.

In American history up to the Civil war, there had been a long line of amateur military leaders going back to the colonial militias. Before he led the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War, George Washington had little military experience. Andrew Jackson only had experience in the American Indian Wars. But he successfully defeated a larger and more professional British army at the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812. 

During the American Civil War, two great armies were raised that were made up largely of citizen-soldiers. There simply were not enough trained generals to lead all these men. Both Abraham Lincoln and Jefferson Davis appointed political generals, some of whom later proved to be incompetent. Others proved to be good or even great generals. Many of these generals had very little or no military training before being commissioned a general. Confederate general Patrick Cleburne was such a leader. He earned his nickname as the "Stonewall Jackson of the West" by being a great general. One of the worst examples was Union general Daniel Sickles. He was a Tammany Hall politician who used his influence to rise to the rank of major general. Sickles nearly lost the Battle of Gettysburg for the North yet, after 34 years of lobbying, managed to get himself awarded the Medal of Honor.


E. Ray Lankester

Sir E. Ray Lankester KCB, FRS (15 May 1847 – 13 August 1929) was a British zoologist, born in London.

Ray Lankester was an invertebrate zoologist and evolutionary biologist. He was Professor of Zoology at University College London and Oxford University. He was the third Director of the Natural History Museum, and was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society.

E. (Edwin: his first name was never used) Ray Lankester was the son of Edwin Lankester, a coroner and doctor-naturalist who helped abolish cholera in London. Ray Lankester was probably named after the naturalist John Ray.

August 2016 Central Italy earthquake

The August 2016 Central Italy earthquake was a natural disaster that struck Central Italy on 24 August 2016 at 03:36 CEST. Its epicentre was close to Accumoli. It was followed by 40 strong aftershocks.

More than 250 people were killed by the earthquake.

Citation

A citation or source citation is a reference to a published work (for example, a book, article, image, etc.,) that is used when creating a written work. It shows readers where specific pieces of information came from and where readers can locate it for themselves. It acknowledges or gives credit to the author who actually created the content being used in a paper. The opposite of a citation is plagiarism, or not giving credit to others for their ideas, concepts, or images. Plagiarism, especially in academia, is considered taking the work of others and presenting it as one's own. The penalties for plagiarism can be severe. Source citations also give a work credibility. In other words, it shows the information is simply not made up.

In general, different academic situations will have different rules for what to cite and how to cite it. Some use footnotes while others may require in-text (also called inline) source citations.(←) Some may require a bibliography which lists all works that were used. In some cases, it may only be necessary to provide a list of "works cited." It is important to know in advance what protocols must be used and what citation style (see below) is preferred.





You do not need to cite anything that is common knowledge. These are things that would be known by nearly everyone. Examples of common knowledge are:

But when in doubt, cite it.

A source citation typically includes several key pieces of information including:

The main citation styles that are used include:





Nihal Naj Ali Al-Awlaqi

Nihal Naj Ali Al-Awlaqi or Nihal Naji Ali Al Awlaki (Arabic: نهال ناجي علي العولقي ) is a Yemeni lawyer. She is Yemen’s Minister of Legal Affairs. In 2016 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Al-Awalqi is from the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen. At the time of her appointment as Minister of Legal Affairs, on September 9, 2016, she was 39 years old. Al-Awalqi received a Doctor of Laws degree with honors from Mohammed V University in Morocco. She also received a Master of Law and a Bachelor of Legal Sciences from Mohammed V. University. She speaks Arabic, English, and French.

Al-Awalqi was an assistant law professor at the University of Aden, where she worked on research and training on the status of women.
She was a member of the comprehensive national dialogue conference state-building team. She was a member of the constitution drafting committee. She was a member of the government negotiating team in Geneva.

On September 9, 2016, Yemen President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi appointed al-Awaqi as Minister of Legal Affairs ( وزيراً للشؤون القانونية ). 


Elqui Province

Elqui Province () is one of three provinces in the Chilean region of Coquimbo (IV). Its capital is the city of Coquimbo.

It is named after the main river of the province: the Elqui River river.

The Elqui province has an area of , the largest province in the Coquimbo region.

Elqui is bordered on the north by the Atacama region (Huasco province), on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Limarí province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river of the province is the Elqui river that is long. In the valley of the river, fruits, including grapes, are grown.

 (last national census), there were 365,371 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km², the province of the region with more people living in it.

The largest city of the province is La Serena with a population, in 2002, of 160,148 inhabitants.

As a province, Elqui is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of Coquimbo serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Limarí Province

Limarí Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Coquimbo Region (IV). Its capital is the city of Ovalle.

It is named after the main river of the province: the Limarí River.

The Limarí province has an area of , the second largest province in the Coquimbo region.

Limarí is bordered on the north by the Elqui province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Choapa province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river of the province is the Limarí river that is long.

 (last national census), there were 156,158 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Ovalle, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 66,405 inhabitants.

As a province, Limarí is a second-level administrative division, consisting of five communes ("comunas"). The city of Ovalle serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Choapa Province

Choapa Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Coquimbo Region (IV). Its capital is the city of Illapel

The Choapa province has an area of , the smallest province in the Coquimbo region.

Choapa is bordered on the north by the Limarí province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Valparaíso region and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 81,681 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Illapel, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 30,355 inhabitants.

As a province, Limarí is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Illapel serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


LGBT rights in Tunisia

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Tunisia may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Homosexuality is illegal in the Republic of Tunisia and the law does not include sexual orientation or gender identity in its civil rights laws and there is no legal recognition for same-sex couples. According to the 2013 Pew Global Attitudes Project, 93% of Tunisian adults do not believe that homosexuality is acceptable by society.
Tunisia is socially conservative when it comes to such issues as homosexuality. There are a few led organised LGBT Human rights movements such as the movement named "Shams". Mostly Tunisians are generally Muslims with traditional values, and traditional Islamic attitudes and mores look down upon Homosexuality and cross-dressing as signs of decadence and Immorality. But Tunisian Cross-dressers are not expressly Illegal in the country. Male prostitution workers occur in some Tunisian tourist resorts. The so-called Minister for Human Rights Samir Dilou stated that "Freedom of Speech has its limits", Homosexuality is a "perversion", and gay people needed to be "treated medically" for this. His comments were condemned by many in Tunisian society who posted pro-LGBT pictures on social networking sites. In June 2012, Dilou rejected the recommendation of the United Nations Human Rights Committee for Tunisia to decriminalise same-sex sexual acts, stating that the concept of "Sexual orientation is specific to the west" which is not true and is overridden by Tunisian Law, which "clearly describes Tunisia as an fellow Arab Muslim country".

In May of 2016, several LGBTI Associations organised a small, discreet Gay Pride reception in Tunis. Associations also organised events and public demonstrations to mark the International Day against Homophobia in May.

Public Tunisian Opinion:

Public opinion regarding its LGBT Human rights is complex. According to a 2014 Survey Poll by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, 18% of Tunisian people were in favour of legalising Same-sex marriages, with 62% being opposed to such legislation of legalisation.

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Toulouse

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Toulouse (INSA Toulouse, National Institute of Applied Sciences of Toulouse) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Toulouse (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at INSA Toulouse.

Research activities at INSA Toulouse relate to the following topics:


1909 Cherry Mine disaster

The 1909 Cherry Mine disaster was a fire that occurred in Cherry, Illinois on November 13, 1909 in the Cherry Coal mine. Of the approximately 500 miners who reported to work that day, 259 men and boys (some as young as 10 years old) lost their lives. It was the second worst mine disaster in United States History.

During the early 20th century, coal miners risked their lives every day. During the first decade of the 20th century, on average about six miners died every month in Northern Illinois coal mines. Between 1905 and 1930 in the U.S. it totaled about 2,000 deaths per year. The Cherry Mine was operated by the St. Paul Coal Company. It opened in 1905 and by 1909 was producing 300,000 tons of coal a year. The mine was a modern state of the art mine for its time. It had two vertical shafts, one of which blew blew air into the mine and was also used if miners needed to escape. The other shaft had elevators that lowered men and supplies, and brought out the coal. Most of the miners were from Europe and were new to America. Many lived in nearby towns such as Streator, Illinois or other towns on the Illinois River.

There were three veins of coal, two of which were being worked that day. About 300 men worked the second vein while about 200 worked the third and deepest vein. In order to reach the third level, miners had to use the escape shaft and take a different elevator. On the morning of November 13, the electricity that lit the mine was not working. This was a common problem in the mine. When there was no electricity, miners used kerosene lamps to light the mine. A mine car full of hay to feed the mules that worked in the mine caught fire. The fire quickly spread and was out of control. Many of the miners burned to death while others died of suffocation from the toxic fumes. 

About forty-five minutes after the fire started, men were told to abandon the mine. About 10 to 12 cages full of men reached the surface through the elevator shaft. Others scrambled up the escape shaft. About 2:00 p.m. someone decided to reverse the fans that supplied air into the mine. This spread the fire and made matters much worse. Rescue workers went into the mine to try to save lives. But after a cage full of rescuers was lost at about 4:00 p.m., the company decided to seal off the mine.

The next day, rescue workers went back into the mine. They wore diving helmets with oxygen tanks, as no special equipment yet existed for mine rescues. They brought out the bodies of the dead workers. Then there was a surprising development. A small group of 21 miners had been quick thinking enough to build a barricade against the fire. They were found alive eight days later. 

When a final count was made, 259 men and boys were killed in the mine fire. As a consequence, the USA reinforced many mining laws and regulations. The United Mine Workers Union gained hundreds of new members. In Illinois, the disaster led to the passage of the Illinois Workmen's Compensation Act. It also became a main reason for changes in the child labor laws in the United States. It was one of the mine disasters that caused the formation of the United States Bureau of Mines in 1910.



Prosopis tamarugo

Prosopis tamarugo, commonly known as tamarugo, is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. It is found only in the dry northern regions of Chile.

"Prosopis tamarugo" are trees that could grow up to tall but usually they are, on average, tall and the trunk is wide. The young branches have spines. Flowers grow together in inflorescences and their pollination is made by bees.

The plant grows only in the Pampa del Tamarugal, some east of the city of Iquique.

The Pampa del Tamarugal is a plain between 19°33' S and 21°50' S, and an altitude from .

Even if the Pampa del Tamarugal is very dry, the "Prosopis tamarugo" can use the relatively shallow ground water.

The wood and dry leaves of "Prosopis tamarugo" are used as firewood; the wood is also used for lumber. Leaves and fruits are used as food to animals, mainly to ruminants as cattle, sheep and goats.

Fruits are sweet and people can eat them.

Margaret Anstee

Margaret Anstee (June 26, 1926 - August 25, 2016) was a British diplomat. She worked with the United Nations for over 40 years, and became the first woman to reach the post of Under-Secretary-General. She was the Director-General of the UN office in Vienna. She also worked as the Director-General's Special Representative to Angola. She wrote an autobiography called "Never Learn to Type."

Maria Eugénia

Maria Eugénia Pinto do Amaral (April 1, 1927, Lisbon - August 25, 2016, Lisbon) was a Portuguese actress and singer. She became known as the Radio Girl when she starred in the movie of the same name directed by Arthur Duarte in 1944.

Justin du Fresne

Justin du Fresne (died August 25, 2016) was a New Zealand radio broadcaster, known as the Voice of Wellington. He began his career in 1960 working for the New Zealand Broadcasting Service. After a break, he returned to radio in 1984 as a morning talk show host, and retired in 2013. He died from cancer in 2016.

Warren Hinckle

Warren Hinckle (October 28, 1938, San Francisco - August 25, 2016, San Francisco) was an American journalist. He became famous as the editor of Ramparts magazine in the 1960's. Hinckle was known for his no holds barred writing style (later called gonzo journalism), and as a supporter of the political left.

Neo-futurism

Neo-futurism is a 21st-century movement in the arts, design, and architecture with an attitude of post-modernism and represents an idealistic future and "a need to periodize the modern rapport with the technological". Neo-futurism has absorbed sоme of the high-tech concept themes аnd ideas and incorporating elements of high-tech industry аnd technology.

Neo-futurist artists include Erin Sparler, Marlow Rodale, Panayiotis Terzis, Miguel Ovalle, British Olivia Peake, Yuima Nakazato, and Simon Stålenhag.

Neo-futurism in the 21st century has been creatively inspired by the Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava, the British architect Zaha Hadid, and by Vito DiBari.



Appeal to emotion

Appeal to emotion is a logical fallacy. It happens when the argument is designed to trigger an emotional response instead of giving reasons. An example of this would be "we have to donate to charity X; think of the children!", where instead of giving a reason why we should donate to charity, an emotive trigger is used instead- "think of the children". It is also called "argumentum ad passiones" or appeal to feeling.

Aristotle recognized that if you triggered someone's emotions, they were easier to persuade. He said this in his book, Rhetoric.

Appeal to tradition

Appeal to tradition (also known as "argumentum ad antiquitatem", appeal to antiquity, or appeal to common practice) is a common fallacy.

In this fallacy, an idea is claimed to be right because it is the way it was often done in the past. The appeal takes the form of "this is right because we've always done it this way".

An example of appeal to tradition is, "drinking boiling hot water (and never cold water) is always healthy because Chinese people have done it for thousands of years."

An appeal to tradition essentially makes two mistakes:

In the case of drinking boiling water, traditional Chinese medicine claims that the health benefits come from re-balancing one's own qi, rather than the fact than un-boiled or un-chilled water may have dangerous germs in it.

The opposite of an appeal to tradition is an appeal to novelty, claiming something is good because it is "new".


Red herring

A red herring is something that misleads or distracts from an issue.

There are two ways in which it is used. One, it may be used as logical fallacy during an argument so that someone arguing does not have to answer a difficult question. For example, if a journalist asks a politician if the politician used any taxpayer money for his or her personal use, the politician may instead talk about the importance of increasing the pay of government officials without ever answering the question.

Two, it can be used as a literary device that tricks readers or audiences into thinking that something is true when it really is not. It is common in stories like detective mystery books. For example, a character may own or hold a weapon similar to the weapon used to kill a character, but then it turns out that character was not the killer. The weapon was only a red herring.

It has long been thought that the phrase came from kippers (a strong-smelling smoked fish) to train dogs to follow a scent, or to distract them from the correct route when hunting. However, most researchers today believe that the term was probably invented in 1807 by English polemicist William Cobbett. He may have have been talking about a time which he had used a kipper to distract dogs from chasing a hare, and that hunters never actually used kippers to train dogs. The phrase was later borrowed to give a formal name for the logical fallacy and literary device.


Appeal to popularity

An appeal to popularity, also called argumentum ad populum (Latin for "appeal to the people"), is a logical fallacy. It happens when someone tries to argue that something is right because lots of people believe in it.

An example is saying "many people buy extended warranties, therefore we should buy one for our new computer".


Twann-Tüscherz

Twann-Tüscherz () is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Twann and Tüscherz-Alfermée merged into the new municipality of Twann-Tüscherz.

Utzenstorf

Utzenstorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is regionally famous for its medieva castle, Landshut Castle.


Inwil, Switzerland

Inwil (Swiss German: "Eibu") is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Lieli, Switzerland

Lieli is a village and former municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2007, it is part of the municipality of Hohenrain.

Feigned retreat

A feigned retreat is a military tactic where a force will pretend to be defeated, fake a retreat, then while they are being pursued, turn and ambush the enemy. It can be used to cause confusion in the enemy ranks or to force some to leave and weaken their battle formations. Battlefield commanders have had to use this tactic carefully so the feigned retreat did not become a real retreat. It was a tactic used in ancient history and is still being used today. Sun Tzu wrote about it in his book "The Art of War". He warned his readers: "When some are seen advancing and some retreating, it is a lure."






Magnicharters

Magnicharters is a low cost, charter airline from Mexico. It's headquarters are in Monterrey, Mexico. It was founded in 1994 by the Mexican tourist agency, "Magnitur". The airline currently focuses on transporting Mexicans to domestic beach destinations. It also goes to a few destinations in the United States. It has a fleet of 9 Boeing 737 airplanes. 

Constructive proof

In mathematics, a constructive proof is a method of proof that shows the existence of a mathematical object—by giving a method on how to create the object. The other type of proof is called non-constructive proof, or existence proof: It shows that an object must exist, but does not give a way how to construct it.

A non-constructive proof is rejected by the so-called constructivists, who choose to interpret existence in a stricter way.


Vauffelin

Vauffelin was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Vauffelin and Plagne merged into the new municipality of Sauge.


Involuntary celibacy

Involuntary celibacy or inceldom means being unable to get sex or a romantic partner. An incel or incelibate is a person who is in this situation. Female incels are sometimes called "femcels". Homosexual incels are sometimes called "gaycels". Transgender people going through inceldom are called "transcels".

Discussions on the incelosphere (incel websites) are mostly by heterosexual males. But female incels and gay incels also exist. Incels, especially male incels, are often misogynistic and seem to feel a sense of entitlement to sex, with some supporting arranged marriage. Some incels even support violence against women, such as rape, and violence against romantically successful men (some of which are often refered to as "Chads"), who are resented.The Southern Poverty Law Center has described the subculture as "part of the online male supremacist ecosystem", and says self-described incels have committed several mass murders in North America.

The word "incel" was invented in 1993 by a college student 'Alana' from Toronto, Ontario. She made a website to discuss her sexual inactivity with others. The website, titled "Alana's Involuntary Celibacy Project", was used by people of all genders to share posts about the topic. During her college career and after, she realized she was queer, and became more comfortable with her identity. She later gave the site to a stranger. After reading about the 2014 Isla Vista killings, she wrote, "Like a scientist who invented something that ended up being a weapon of war, I can't uninvent this word, nor restrict it to the nicer people who need it". Another notable incel was Christine Chubbuck. She committed suicide on live tv in 1974. /r/incels on Reddit was one of the biggest Incel forums. On November 7, 2017, Reddit decided to get rid of it because of their new site rules. 

There are many subgroups of incels. For example lesbocels are a subgroup of gaycels meaning lesbian involuntary celibates. Some femcelish lesbians call themselves "incelbians". Or for example disabledcels and mentalcels are subsets of inceldom whose involuntary celibacy is caused by them being disabled. Femcels who believe that their inceldom condition is permanent call themselves "trufemcel" or "truefemcel". They call the state of being unable to get romance or a partner as "femceldom". The largest inceldom-related forum at the turn of the 2020s decade was the subreddit "trufemcels", a platform for femcels.

Many incels take views from fields like evolutionary psychology. Some incels believe that male incels have no chance against more attractive males, and women have things easier because of feminism and cosmetics. Incels may believe their lack of success is because of being shy, poor body image, penis size, or their appearance, and believe that having lots of money is the only chance to find an attractive partner. 

Chad: A sexually successful man.

Stacy: A sexually active woman who is considered attractive.

Roastie: A woman who had sex with many men.

Black pill: The real or perceived socially unspoken realizations that come from being a longtime incel.

Sauge

Sauge is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Plagne and Vauffelin merged into the new municipality of Sauge.


Jailhouse Rock (movie)

Jailhouse Rock is a 1957 American musical movie. It was directed by Richard Thorpe. Jailhouse rock stars Elvis Presley, Judy Tyler, and Mickey Shaughnessy. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and is based on a story written by Nedrick Young. The movie is about a young man sentenced to prison for manslaughter. There he is mentored in music by his prison cellmate who realizes his musical abilities. After his release from jail, while looking for a job as a club singer, the young man meets a musical promoter who helps him start his career. As he develops his musical abilities and becomes a star, his self-centered personality begins to affect his relationships. Jailhouse rock is considered one of Elvis Presley's best movies. When James Dean died in 1955, Hollywood began looking for a new actor to replace him. There were a lot of young actors trying to act tough and be rebellious. Presley was considered a replacement for Dean. He could sing and dance. He was good-looking and was a decent actor.


Vechigen

Vechigen is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Bern. In 2014, 5075 people lived there. It consists of the villages: Sinneringen, Boll, Dentenberg, Utzigen, Lindental, Berg, Littewil and Radelfingen.

Villeret, Switzerland

Villeret is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois of the Swiss canton of Bern.


Vinelz

Vinelz () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Thun (administrative district)

The administrative district of Thun in the Swiss canton of Bern has 35 municipalities in an area of 322 km².

The Beginning (Black Eyed Peas album)

The Beginning is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. The album was released on November 26, 2010 by Interscope. The album was titled to be a prequel to the groups fifth album "The E.N.D." (2009). It is the groups last album to feature Fergie as she left in 2017 to focus on her solo career.


Credits for "The Beginning" adapted from Allmusic.

Shock tactics

Shock tactics are those military tactics designed to overwhelm an enemy with fear, causing panic and confusion. Shock tactics are as old as warfare itself. The Mongols got their reputation for being invincible by the use of shock tactics. Numbers of Medieval knights mounted on their warhorses made coordinated shock attacks into the ranks of enemy soldiers. Robert E. Lee saw the advantage of the shock attack as not so much killing enemy soldiers, but to "create a panic and virtually destroy the [enemy] army." The disadvantage of a shock attack is that the attacker may suffer heavy casualties. During World War I, for example, Germany suffered great losses with its use of the shock attack.

Ancient armies often defeated their enemy through through the psychological impact of shock tactics.





Renegotiations: The Remixes

Renegotiations: The Remixes is a remix EP by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. It was originally released on iTunes on March 21, 2006 by Interscope Records. All the songs were originally from the groups fourth studio album "Monkey Business" (2005).

Monkey Business (album)

Monkey Business is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group, the Black Eyed Peas. It was released on May 25, 2005, by the will.i.am Music Group and A&M Records. It was the groups second album to feature R&B singer Fergie as a member.

Credits adapted from "Monkey Business" liner notes:

Elephunk

Elephunk is the third studio album by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 24, 2003, by the will.i.am Music Group and A&M Records. Although the album is the group's third album it is also the groups first in many ways; it was the first album to feature R&B singer Fergie and was the first album of the group to be billed as "the Black Eyed Peas".





The album is considered a victim of the Loudness war, with the worst possible ranking in the Hall of CD Clipping Shame, as 1 minute 19 seconds of the CD's audio has been destroyed by clipping.

Azadliq (newspaper)

Azadliq () a daily political newspaper in Azerbaijan. It is one of the most popular newspapers in Azerbaijan.


Behind the Front

Behind the Front is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas, released on June 30, 1998 by Interscope, The original members of the group were rappers will.i.am, Taboo and apl.de.alp as well as R&B singer Kim Hill, although Hill was a member of the group her photo wasn't included on the album and she only appeared on a few of the songs on the album. Some of the songs were demos from will.i.am and apl.de.alp's group Atban Klann's scheduled debut album "Grass Roots" which was never released, with additional raps added by Taboo.



Bridging the Gap (Black Eyed Peas album)

Bridging the Gap is the second studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas, released on September 26, 2000. This is their last album as "Black Eyed Peas", before they changed their name to "The Black Eyed Peas" and the last album with Kim Hill as a member.

Arrondissements of the Haute-Vienne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Haute-Vienne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Haute-Vienne are:

Since its creation, the Charente department has had some changes:


Rodjaraeg Wattanapanit

Rodjaraeg Wattanapanit is a bookstore owner from Thailand. She also helped start Creating Awareness for Enhanced Democracy (CAFÉ Democracy), an organization for political ideas. In 2016 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Wattanapanit graduated from Payap University in Chiang Mai, Thailand. She raised money for conservation of forests. She worked for Community Forest Support group, a non-governmental organization. When Wattanapanit received the award in 2016, she was 49 years old.

In October 2011, Wattanapanit started the bookstore Book Re:public with Pinkaew Luangaramsri, an anthropology scholar from Chiang Mai University. After the May 2014 coup, the government closed her bookshop. They took her to military camps twice. They wanted her to sign an agreement not to work for political activities. The first time, they took her to Kawila Army Camp in Chiang Mai. The second time it was the Army Central Command.

After one year, she opened the bookshop again. The shop is a place for neighbors to meet and talk about social and political problems.


Vicky Ntetema

Vicky Ntetema or Vicky Alice Ntetema (born c. 1958) is a journalist from Tanzania. She hid her identity to find out about the deaths of albino people. She is the director of Under the Same Sun, an NGO for the rights of albino people. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Ntetema received a bachelor's degree in the former Soviet Union in 1985. She studied journalism at Byelorussian State University in Minsk. She received a Master of Science in Information Systems Development from the University of London.

Ntemtema started work at the BBC in 1991 as a Swahili translator. In 2005, she returned to Tanzania, and became the head of the BBC World Service in Tanzania. She worked at the BBC from 1991 to 2009.

In November 2007, Ntetema wanted to know about a series of albino murders and their connection with witchdoctors. More than 90 percent of Tanzanians believe in witchcraft, so witch doctors are important in traditional African life. According to Ntetmea, more than 50 albinos were killed since 2007. Often, witchdoctors pay people to kill albinos. The police protect the killers.

In July 2008, Ntetema's story was on the BBC. She received threats, so the BBC told her to get out. She went to London. Later she went to Kenya.

In 2010 she received the Courage in Journalism Award.



Arrondissement of Bellac

The arrondissement of Bellac is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Bellac.

When the Haute-Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Bellac was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Bellac is the most northern "arrondissement" of the Haute-Vienne department. It is bordered to the northwest and north by the Vienne department, to the east by the Creuse department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Limoges, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart and to the west by the Charente department.

The "arrondissement" of Bellac is the second "arrondissement" of the department, after the "arrondissement" of Limoges, in area, , and population (39,744 inhabitants). It has a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bellac, the canton of Bellac and the canton of Châteauponsac have all their "communes". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Bellac has 62 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Awadeya Mahmoud

Awadeya Mahmoud or Awwadah Mahmoud Koko (Arabic: عوضية محمود كوكو ) is a tea seller and activist from Sudan. She started the Women’s Food and Tea Sellers’ Cooperative and the Women’s Multi-Purpose Cooperative for Khartoum State. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Mahmoud lived in southern Kordofan. Because of war in south Sudan, she moved to Khartoum. She started to sell tea by the side of the road. Every day, the local police harassed her and threatened her. She could not go to the government, so she organized women. She helped them talk to politicians and use the media to get attention for their problems. The police put her in jail for four years. Finally the courts of Sudan said she was free. With the help of the Sudanese Development Association, an NGO, she started an organization to help the women who sell tea.

At first there were three cooperatives. During 2015, the project increased to 36 cooperatives in seven areas of Khartoum region. Now there are more than 7,500 women in the original three cooperatives.


Forever Marilyn

Forever Marilyn is a giant statue of Marilyn Monroe designed by Seward Johnson. The statue is made to look like one of the most famous images of Monroe, taken from the movie "The Seven Year Itch". The statue was created in July 2011. It has been displayed in the United States and Australia.

The 26-foot-tall sculpture is a super-sized tribute to Marilyn Monroe's famous scene from Billy Wilder's 1955 comedy, "The Seven-Year Itch". It shows the instant a blast of air from a New York City Subway grate raises her white dress.

The statue was displayed at Pioneer Court in Chicago, Illinois, before it was moved to Palm Springs, California in 2012.

It left Palm Springs on March 27, 2014. It was moved to the 42-acre Grounds for Sculpture in New Jersey in 2014 to honor Seward Johnson. Due to its popularity, the statue remained on display at the GFS through September 2015.

The statue was next displayed in 2016 in Australia in connection with the Bendigo Art Gallery's Marilyn Monroe exhibition.

In 2011 the statue was vandalized three times, being splashed with red paint. According to the executive director of the Chicago Public Arts Group, this was because the statue is controversial.

The public, however, generally liked the statue: ""Forever Marilyn" journeyed back to Hamilton in April 2014, arriving at the Grounds for Sculpture on a truck as two dozen people cheered and took pictures. During the cross-country journey, people snapped photos of the sculpture in parking lots and along highways and posted them on social media."

There is at least one full size counterfeit. The discarded sculpture was photographed in a dump in China.

Arrondissement of Limoges

The arrondissement of Limoges is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Limoges.

When the Haute-Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Limoges was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Limoges is the most southern "arrondissement" of the Haute-Vienne department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Bellac, to the east by the Creuse department, to the south by the Corrèze department, to the southwest by the Dordogne department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart.

The "arrondissement" of Limoges is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with area of , and it is the one with more people living in it with a population of 298,578 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Limoges, the canton of Ambazac is the only canton that has "communes" in more than one "arrondissement" as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Limoges has 108 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Hysterical strength

Hysterical strength or superhuman strength is a display of extreme strength by humans beyond the normal. Hysterical strength usually occurs in life or death situations. The usual explanation is a sudden release of adrenaline (epinephrine). There have been numerous reports of people exhibiting hysterical strength while experiencing negative side effects of drugs like LSD, Phencyclidine and flakka and even fighting with the police.

In 1982, in Lawrenceville, Georgia, Tony Cavallo was repairing a 1964 Chevrolet Impala automobile from underneath. The vehicle was propped up with jacks, but it fell. Cavallo's mother, Mrs. Angela Cavallo, lifted the car high enough and long enough for two neighbours to replace the jacks and pull Tony from beneath the car.

In 2006, in Tucson, Arizona, Tom Boyle watched as a Chevrolet Camaro hit 18-year-old Kyle Holtrust. The car pinned Holtrust, still alive, underneath. Boyle lifted the Camaro off the teenager, while the driver of the car pulled the teen to safety.

In 2011, in Tampa, Florida, 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m), 295 lb (134 kg; 21.1 st) University of South Florida college football player Danous Estenor lifted a 3,500 lb (1,600 kg) car off of a man who had been caught underneath. The man was a tow truck driver who had been pinned under the rear tire of a 1990 Cadillac Seville, which had lurched forward as he worked underneath it. The man suffered only minor injuries.

In 2015, in Vienna, Virginia, Charlotte Heffelmire was able to momentarily use incredible strength to free her dad from a GMC pick-up truck.

In healthy people at oral therapeutic doses, amphetamine has been shown to increase physical strength, acceleration, stamina, and endurance, while reducing reaction time. Like methylphenidate and bupropion, amphetamine increases stamina and endurance in humans mainly through the release of dopamine, and other central nervous system effects.

India (disambiguation)

India, officially the "Republic of India" ("भारत गणराज्य" ) is a country in South Asia.

India may also refer to:


The term "India" has historically also been used to refer to:



Pot calling the kettle black

The pot calling the kettle black is an informal fallacy also called Tu quoque. 
Another name is appeal to hypocrisy. 

It happens when a person is guilty of the very thing of which they accuse another.

A fable, perhaps by Aesop, has a mother crab and its young, where the mother tells the child to walk straight, and is asked in return to demonstrate how that is done.

A present-day example:

It is a fallacy because a person's actions or character do not affect the logic of the argument.

Association fallacy

An association fallacy is a logical fallacy that occurs when someone says that a quality of one thing must apply to another just because they both share a similar quality or belief. It can be used in a positive or negative way.

It follows the general outline, A is a B, A is also a C, therefore, all Bs are Cs.

An example of an association fallacy being used in positive way (called "pro hominem", or honour by association) is as follows:

An example of an association fallacy being used in a negative way (called "guilt by association") is as follows:

Arrondissement of Rochechouart

The arrondissement of Rochechouart is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Rochechouart.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800 in France, the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart was one of those in the Haute-Vienne department.

The "arrondissement" of Rochechouart is the most western "arrondissement" of the Haute-Vienne department. It is bordered to the west and north by the Charente department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Bellac, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Limoges and to the south by the Dordogne department.

The "arrondissement" of Rochechouart is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with area of only , and it is the one with fewest people living in it with a population of 37,877 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only two cantons in the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart and both have all their "comunes" in the "arrondissement". These cantons are:

The "arrondissement" of Rochechouart has 30 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Rajasthani language

Rajasthani language belongs to the Indo-Aryan languages group. It is estimated to be spoken by 100 million speakers throughout the world. Rajasthan, Panjab, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana and Gujarat are the states where Rajasthani language is spoken. In Pakistan, Provinces of Sindh and Panjab. Rajasthani language is descended from the Old Gujarati language.

LoveWave

"LoveWave" is a song by Armenian-German singer Iveta Mukuchyan. It was released as a single on March 30, 2016. It represented Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016. The video for "LoveWave" premiered on March 2, 2016.

On 25 January 2016, Armenia was placed into the first semi-final, to be held on 10 May 2016, and was announced to perform in the first half of the show. Mukuchyan performed "LoveWave" in position 7, following the entry from the Netherlands and before the entry from San Marino. The song gained second place in the first semi-final and competed in the final on May 14, 2016, where she performed the song last, following the entry from United Kingdom. The song achieved 7th place with 249 points.


Oblique order

The oblique order, also called the oblique attack is a military tactic to bring a larger force against one of the enemy's flanks. At the same time the remainder of the force is used to distract and keep the enemy line in place. This is a good tactic if the attacking force is larger in size. Frederick the Great is credited with inventing the oblique order. He would use a large number of troops on one of the flanks to destroy that section, then drive into the enemy from two directions. The word oblique comes from the Middle English word "oblike", which comes from the Latin word "oblīquus" meaning "slanted". In military usage, oblique usually means at an angle, often 45 degrees. 

Frederick the Great was not the first battlefield commander to put more forces on one side of his battle lines. But in the past the maneuver had to be done at night or out of sight of the enemy. If a commander put more troops on one flank (or "wing"), the opposing commander seeing this, would simply move his forces to counter the move. Shifting forces during a battle took time. There was also the risk of the enemy attacking while forces were being moved around. Frederick overcame these problems. The most important thing he did was train his soldiers to march quickly. When his Prussian army reached the battlefield, they would form the standard (for the time) two lines parallel to the enemy's two lines. But Frederick's army had been trained to "quarter-wheel" (turn at an angle) by sections, then in a fluid movement, quickly form into columns. Each unit of the Prussian army did this at the same moment which allowed his entire force to perform such a movement in under two minutes.

Frederick described his technique: "a commander should strengthen one wing of his army and employ it to attack the enemy flank, while holding back another, smaller wing to threaten the enemy’s main force and keep it from changing position." The other army was already in place and could not switch their troops around fast enough before the Prussians attacked. Frederick went on to say: "an army of 30,000 could beat an army of 100,000 using this method."
There are other versions of what exactly the oblique order is. One version says that all preparation done on the night before or the day of the battle to reinforce its flanks or center could be considered part of the oblique order. If that were true then Cyrus the Great used it at the Battle of Thymbra in 547 BC. Other commanders in history, ancient and modern, have also prepared in much the same way. This version would be like Frederick claiming he invented war itself. Reinforcing a flank at night or out of sight of the enemy is not so much a tactical maneuver as depending on surprise. Many Austrian, French, and English officers of this time thought the oblique order was moving an entire army around. They never understood that Frederick the Great never did this. He maneuvered by lines and by flanks, never by army.



Haut-Bocage

Haut-Bocage is a commune in the Allier department of central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

The town hall is in Maillet.

The Haut-Bocage was established on 1 January 2016 with the former communes of Maillet, Givarlais and Louroux-Hodement.

Haut-Bocage is in the western part of the Allier department, in the valley of the Cher river at to the north of Montluçon, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Miami Lakes, Florida

Miami Lakes is a town in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. At the 2020 U.S. Census, 30,467 people lived in Miami Lakes.

Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016

Armenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 with the song "LoveWave" written by Lilith Navasardyan, Levon Navasardyan, Iveta Mukuchyan and Stephanie Crutchfield. The song was performed by Iveta Mukuchyan, who was selected internally by the Armenian broadcaster Public Television of Armenia (AMPTV) to represent Armenia in the 2016 contest in Stockholm, Sweden. Mukuchyan's selection as the Armenian artist was announced on 13 October 2015, while the song "LoveWave" was later presented to the public on 2 March 2016.

The following five members comprised the Armenian jury:

Social issue

A social issue (or social problem, social conflict, or social illness) is an issue which affects many people in a society. 

Examples of social issues are economic issues. However, some issues, such as immigration, have both social and economic aspects. Racism, unemployment, poverty, violence, human rights are examples of social issues.

Poplar

Poplar may refer to:




Martin Ryle

Sir Martin Ryle (27 September 1918, Brighton, Sussex 14 October 1984, Cambridge) was a British radio astronomer. 

Ryle developed revolutionary radio telescope systems. He used them for to locate weak radio sources more accurately. With better equipment, he observed the most distant known galaxies of the universe. Ryle and Antony Hewish shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1974. That was the first Nobel Prize awarded in recognition of astronomical research.

Monte Cimone

Monte Cimone is the highest mountain in the northern Apennines, in Italy

The Monte Cimone, high, in the province of Modena, "comuni" of Fiumalbo, Sestola, Fanano and Riolunato. It is the highest point in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. It can be seen from very far away.

It has the form of a low pyramid with a flat summit on its top. The pyramid has three sides with the three ridges pointing towards the west, northeast and south. There is road on the northeastern ridge that gets to the summit.

The "Parco regionale dell'Alto Appennino Modenese", also known as "Parco regionale del Frignano", is near Monte Cimone.

On the top of Monte Cimone, Roman objects have been found, indicating that the mountain has been climbed very early on. The first touristic climb has been recorded in 1567, when Guidinello Montecuccoli, a local nobleman got to the top. Later, the Jesuits made several trips to study the atmospheric conditions at an elevation of more than .

In 1908 a chapel was built dedicated to Madonna delle nevi ("Our Lady of the Snow"). On the very summit, there is a statue of the Madonna facing south.

It is a frequented winter ski resort. In the peak there are 31 ski trails for a total length of more than (the longest trail is ) served by 26 ski lifts. Ski season starts usually at the beginning of December (often in the last weekend of November) and ends in the middle of April.



Richie Rich (comics)

Richie Rich is a fictional character created by Alfred Harvey and Warren Kremer, and published by Harvey Comics in the 1950s. Richie Rich is called "the poor little rich boy", or also "the richest kid in the world". He appeared in comic book titles such as "Richie Rich Millions" (1961) and "Richie Rich Dollars & Cents" (1963).


Preemptive war

A preemptive war is one in which a country takes military action against another country or group that poses a real threat of waging a war against them. The purpose is to stop the threat before the country or group has a chance to strike. This is an old philosophy of war or of preventing a war. Sun Tzu, the ancient Chinese general, military expert and philosopher, said a supreme country would break resistance in its enemies without needing to fight them, but if fighting is needed, then a country should consider attacking first if doing so would gain them an advantage (since that increases their chance of ending the conflict quickly). A declaration of war may or may not come before the preemptive first strike. Preemptive war is thought of as a defensive act. This is true when it is clear an enemy is threatening an attack and that attack will do great harm. Also, a country which preemptively attacks another to defend itself can claim it was a moral act and avoid the label of an aggressor.

There is often confusion between preemptive war and a preventative war. A preemptive war is one in which striking first gives a country an advantage over an enemy whose intentions are clearly to strike and do great harm. An example is the 1967 Six-Day War. When it became clear that Egypt and Syria were about to attack, Israel attacked them first in a preemptive strike.

To satisfy the justification for a first strike, certain conditions should exist including:

A preventive war is one in which a country attacks another in order to prevent them from having the capability of making war. A preventive war is one based on the idea that it is possible to tell with certainty the events that will take place. Article 51 of the United Nations Charter recognizes “the inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs”. For example, under the Bush Doctrine, the United States may attack any nation or group that may attack the country in the future even if it does not currently have that capability. By calling it "preemptive", it does not change if from being preventive.

There are a few cases in which a preventive war may have been justified. For example, when Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany in 1933, he openly said he would rearm Germany and seize the lands necessary for German "living space." Nazi Germany claimed it wanted only what was due and then it would live in peace, but many in Europe already thought that was not true.

When World War II started, nearly everyone had realized that the earlier statements had not been true, but it was too late to stop Hitler except by a costly and destructive war. Later, when the Japanese Empire decided to invade British Malaya and the Dutch East Indies for resources, they also attacked Pearl Harbor so the United States could not join the resulting war.



2006 Lebanon War

The 2006 Lebanon War, also named The Second Lebanon War, was a conflict between the paramilitary forces of the Hezbollah and the Israeli army. It lasted 34 days between the 12th of July 2006 and the 14th of August 2006, triggered by the killing of eight Israeli soldiers and abduction of two additional Israeli soldiers by the Hezbollah. 

The war was particularly characterized by the amount of air strikes and rockets launched by each side. It caused the death of 1,109 Lebanese and 159 Israelis. In addition, over a million people were forcibly displaced. 

The United Nations Resolution 1701, adopted by the United Nations Security Council on the 14th of August 2006, put an end to the conflict. 

Hezbollah (also known as "the Party of God") is a Shi'a Lebanese political party with a military branch. It emerged as a movement of resistance against the second Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982. Israel did not withdraw from south Lebanon until May 2000. Their departure was depicted as an important victory for Hezbollah. 

In the aftermath of the withdrawal Hezbollah pursued its attack against Israel. In October of 2000, the Hezbollah conducted an operation on the disputed territories of the Sheba'a Farms, during which it kidnapped three Israeli soldiers. The conflict was settled through an exchange of prisoners. 

With a few exceptions, from 2000 to July 2006 the situation in South Lebanon was stable, with minor episodes of attacks and retaliation between Israel and Hezbollah. 

On July 12th 2006, Hezbollah launched an attack against an Israeli division while it was patrolling along the border. During this operation, later named "Operation Truthful Promise," Hezbollah killed three Israelis and two were captured. In addition to the first three casualties, five other Israeli fighters were killed due to a Hezbollah anti-tank mine while trying to rescue their colleagues. Hezbollah hoped for the exchange of Palestinian and Arab prisoners held by Israel in return for the captured Israeli soldiers. Israel responded to this attack with a bombardment of artillery and airstrikes on Hezbollah targets and began a ground invasion of southern Lebanon.
Only few hours after the initial Hezbollah attack, Israeli authorities decided to retaliate and launched the "Operation Change of Direction". This bombing not only targeted military objectives but also civilian ones. Israel bombed South Lebanon villages, as well as numerous building blocks in the South of Beirut. One of the most significant of these attacks was the bombing of the Beirut airport, which killed 44 civilians. Early in the hours of the next day, Israeli forces conducted Operation Density, an aerial attack lasting 34 minutes that wiped out much of Hezbollah's missile and rocket supply, though Israeli reports often exaggerated the toll. Much of the war was conducted in the air, with the Israeli Air Force flying 11,897 missions in total and the Israeli artillery firing 170,000 shells. These were unprecedented numbers for the military.
Aside from airstrikes, from the first days of the conflict, Israel launched a ground attack on South Lebanon against Hezbollah. The goal of this attack was to repel Hezbollah from the Israeli border, in order to establish a security zone. 

From the 13th of July onward, Hezbollah retaliated to Israeli airstrikes by launching hundreds of rockets over the Israeli territory. This offensive targeted military as well as civilian objectives. The Hezbollah fired between 3,970 and 4,228 rockets in total.

On the ground, Hezbollah fighters were able to resist Israeli offensives. Indeed the IDF found itself unable to take Lebanese cities facing well-organized Hezbollah militias. The Hezbollah was able to face the Israeli army through the use of guerrilla tactics.
The conflict between Israel and Hezbollah was ended by the United Nation Resolution 1701. The resolution was approved by the United Nations Security Council on the 11th of August 2006. It was asked to the Hezbollah and Israeli forces to stop the hostilities. The resolution was accepted by both sides and the cease-fire took effect the 14th of August.

In addition, the Resolution included the establishment of a "buffer zone" between Israel and Lebanon. It called for the deployment of the Lebanese Army in the South of the country with the assistance of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon. In parallel, the Israeli military forces were asked to withdraw from the Lebanon.

Following the cease-fire, the Hezbollah side typically framed the war as a victory. During and after the war, they created posters and spread the message of a "divine victory".

The Israeli government claimed victory over Hezbollah. However over the years, the conflict has increasingly been considered a defeat. 

The war resulted in the death of 1,109 Lebanese and the injury of 4,399 persons. As for Israel, about 159 Israelis were killed during the conflict and 1,500 were injured.

In addition to the numerous people killed, the fighting also resulted in the displacement of over a million of Lebanese. Additionally, between 300,000 and 500,000 Israeli citizens were relocated to other parts of the country. 

The bodies of the two Israeli soldiers who were abducted at the start of the conflict were returned two years later on July 16th, 2008. This was part of the in which Israel also returned Lebanese prisoners and the bodies of nearly 200 fighters who had been captured.

In light of the number of air strikes and rockets launched during the 34 days of war, there was significant material damage. The estimated damages for Lebanon were about 3.5 billion U.S. dollars. On the Israeli side, the cost of the damage was estimated to be about 1.5 billion U.S. dollars.

Howard Wolowitz

Howard Joel Wolowitz is a character on the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory". He is played by Simon Helberg.

Vladimir Grbić

Vladimir "Vanja" Grbić (born 14 December 1970) is a retired Serbian volleyball player. He is tall. He played as passer-side attacker.

Grbić was born in Klek in Socialist Republic of Serbia, Yugoslavia. He is Nikola Grbić's brother. He is a member of the Volleyball Hall of Fame.
With the national volleyball team of Yugoslavia, he won a gold medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in 1996 at Atlanta. His international victories include a silver medal in the 1998 World Championship and a gold medal in the 2001 European Championship.

Grbić Yugoslav Olympic Committee has declared him for the best sportsman of the year in 1996 and 2000. In 1999 and 2000, he received a Golden Badge, award for best athlete in Yugoslavia.


Judy Martz

Judy Martz (July 28, 1943 – October 30, 2017) was an American politician who was the 23rd Governor of Montana from 2001 to 2005. She was elected Governor of Montana on 7 November 2000. She was the first woman to be elected Governor in Montana. She served only one term in office, from January 1, 2001 to January 3, 2005. 

Judy Martz was born on July 28, 1943 in Big Timber, Montana. She graduated from Butte High School in 1961. She also attended Eastern Montana College.
She was a member of the US Olympic speed skating team and competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics. She married her husband, Harry Martz, in 1965.

Judy Martz was the 22nd Governor of Montana.

On April 1, 2005, Judy Martz was appointed to the board of directors of TASER International. As of September of 2016, she was still on the board.

On November 11, 2014, it was announced that Judy Martz had stage 2 pancreatic cancer and was undergoing treatment in Arizona. She died of the disease on October 30, 2017 in Butte, Montana at the age of 74.

Subliminal stimuli

Subliminal stimuli are sensations just "below the threshold" of a person's conscious perception. They may be designed to influence the mental processes or the behavior of the individual without beiing noticed.

A recent review of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) studies shows that subliminal stimuli activate certain parts of the brain, but the subjects do not notice the stimulus. Visual stimuli may be quickly flashed before an individual can process them, or flashed and then masked, thereby interrupting the processing. Audio stimuli may be played below audible volumes or masked by other stimuli.


Rodolfo Illanes

Rodolfo Illanes (19 August 1958 - 25 August 2016) was a Bolivian politician. In 2016 he was the deputy Interior Minister when he was kidnapped by striking miners. He had gone to meet with the miners at Pandura. The miners were demanding more mining, the right to work for private companies, and greater union representation. When talks between the government and the miners failed, Illanes was beaten to death by his kidnappers.

Sonia Rykiel

Sonia Rykiel (25 May 1930 – 25 August 2016) was a French fashion designer and writer. She created the Poor Boy Sweater, which was featured on the cover of French "Elle" magazine. She was given the nickname "Queen of Knits" because of her knitwear designs. The Sonia Rykiel label began in 1968 when she opened her first store, making clothing, accessories and perfumes. Rykiel was also a writer and her first book was published in 1979. In 2012, Rykiel said she was suffering from Parkinson's disease. She died from complications of the disease on 25 August 2016.

Eddy Silitonga

Eddy Silitonga (born Charles Edison Silitonga in Siantar, Sumatra, January 17, 1949 - died in Jakarta, August 25, 2016) was an Indonesian singer. He was known for his high-pitched voice. He won several song contests, including Champion Pop Singer in Medan and the Popular Song Festival held at Taman Ismail Marzuki in Jakarta. Silitonga won the first Minang Song Contest in 1983. He studied at Mapua Institute of Technology in the Philippines. He formed his own group, "Eddy's Group", which was at its peak in 1976 - 1979. He suffered from heart disease and diabetes.

Some of his popular songs included "Bunga Tanjong", "Lancang Kuning", "Bunga Pujaan", and "Jatuh Cinta".Some of his popular songs included "Bunga Tanjong", "Lancang Kuning", "Bunga Pujaan", and "Jatuh Cinta".

Rudy Van Gelder

Rudolph "Rudy" Van Gelder (November 2, 1924 – August 25, 2016) was an American recording engineer who specialized in jazz. 

He has been described as the most important recording engineer of jazz. Over a period of more than 50 years, Van Gelder recorded several thousand jazz sessions. Some of these recordings are recognized as classics. He recorded many of the great jazz musicians, including John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Thelonious Monk, Sonny Rollins, Art Blakey, Joe Henderson, Freddie Hubbard, Wayne Shorter, and Horace Silver. He worked with many record companies but was most closely associated with Blue Note Records.

Battle of New Market

The Battle of New Market was an American Civil War battle fought on May 15, 1864 over control of the Shenandoah Valley in Virginia. The battle was part of the Union Army Valley Campaigns of 1864. Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant had ordered General Franz Sigel to take his army into the Shenandoah Valley and clear it of Confederate forces. Siegel had about 9,000 men when he started up the valley, but for some reason split his army. When he arrived outside the town of New Market, he had with him a force of about 6,500 Union soldiers. The Shenandoah valley was the breadbasket of the Confederacy and provided food to feed General Robert E. Lee's hungry army. Lee sent General John C. Breckinridge with about 4,100 men to stop Siegel and force the Union Army out of the valley. Breckenridge, with Lee's permission, called up the 500 cadets from the nearby Virginia Military Institute (VMI), some as young as 15 years old. The Confederates won the battle, defeating Siegel's larger force.

For some time during the war, the Shenandoah Valley had been a series of problems for the Union Army. In 1862, Confederate General Stonewall Jackson, in a series of six small battles, had tied up federal forces that could have been used against Richmond, Virginia, the Confederate capital. Just a year later, Lee's army had used the valley to move north to invade Pennsylvania. In addition to providing the food necessary to keep Lee's army going, it remained a very real threat to Washington, D.C.. The Shenandoah Valley was strategically the left flank of Lee's defense of Richmond. Jackson had said early in the war, "If the Valley is lost, Virginia is lost."

Grant placed Major General Philip Sheridan in charge of clearing the Shenandoah Valley. He gave Sheridan the order "to put himself south of the enemy and follow him to the death…" Siegel, under Sheridan's command, was ordered to march up the valley to Staunton from Martinsburg (now in West Virginia). Siegel was a political general and had not been trained at West Point. He had been appointed to his position to attract support from German Immigrants for the Union cause. Siegel had shown poor tactical and strategic skills and had lost a number of battles. Also, when he was under stress, he would bark out his orders in German, confusing his men. Yet he was Grant's choice for this mission. Confederate General Brekenridge was also a political general, but proved to be more than Siegel could handle.

Siegel was sent into the Shenandoah Valley while Grant was fighting Lee, first at the Battle of the Wilderness then at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House. Siegel's main purpose was to prevent Breckinridge from reinforcing Lee.

As Siegel crossed the Shenandoah River north of New Market, he started making mistakes. He sent some of his force after the Confederate cavalry in the area. He ordered two regiments of troops to stand guard over the bridges (apparently in case he had to retreat). Meanwhile, Breckinridge had managed to scrape together only two brigades of Confederate infantry, a few cavalry, and 247 cadets from VMI in nearby Lexington, Virginia. On the morning of May 15, Breckinridge decided to remain on the defensive since he had fewer soldiers and held the high ground. Siegel attacked but was quickly pushed back. Breckinridge saw he had an advantage and attacked the Union line in the afternoon during a heavy rainstorm. He had intended to keep the cadets in reserve but now he needed them. Siegel was forced back across the Shenandoah and this time burned the bridge behind him.

There were about 831 Union casualties. About 96 were killed, 479 wounded, and 256 were reported captured or missing. The Confederates had about 577 casualties. Of these, 43 were killed, 534 were wounded, captured or missing. In total, 10 VMI cadets lost their lives. The Battle of New Market is mainly remembered for the VMI Corps of Cadets who fought there and for those who died there. Beginning in 1878, VMI has held a formal ceremony every year. About the same time they began the French custom of the roll call (reading the names out loud) of the dead who had been killed at New Market. At each ceremony, a cadet is selected to answer for each of the 10 cadets who were killed. On the name being called, the cadet answers: "Died on the field of honor."


Amnesic shellfish poisoning

Amnesic shellfish poisoning is an illness caused by poisoning with a particular toxin called "domoic acid".

At times, some diatoms produce domoic acid in ocean water. Shellfish accumulate this poison, and when they are eaten by people, the people get poisoned. The symptoms may be very severe: they include permanent memory loss, brain damage, and vomiting.

This disease was discovered in 1987 in eastern Canada when many people got poisoned after eating shellfish in a restaurant. Several people died of this disease then.

Birds can get this disease too when they eat poisoned shellfish. Such birds lose the coordination ability, and may crash into car and house windows.

Scientists found that the incidents of this disease occur more frequently in the recent years.

In the United States it is illegal to catch and sell shellfish without a license. Caught shellfish have to be frequently tested. When this toxin is found in the shellfish, government bans fishing and selling it in the area.

In the UK, all shellfish caught for restaurants or sale to the public are put in clean water for at least two days before being brought to market. This is the standard way to protect from poisoning.

Salak

Salak fruit is grown in southeast Asia. It has a spiky look and has a leathery rap and a nut shaped inside. You can eat it with a little sugar or salt or even make it into a helpful eye cream.


Reno (river)

The Reno () is a river of northeastern Italy that starts in the Northern Apennines mountain range in Tuscany but flows mainly through the Emilia-Romagna region. It is one of the longest river in Italy.

The Reno river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Reno river starts in the Apennines to the northwest of the city of Pistoia, Pistoia province (Tuscany). The Reno is formed by the confluence, at about above sea level, of two streams: Reno di Prunetta (with its source at an altitude of ) and the Reno di Campolungo.

Its upper course, going to the west, marks the border between Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna. In this part, there are several artificial reservoirs whose dams are used for hydro-electric energy production.

In Sant'Agostino, the river turns to the southwest and passes west of Bologna, at Casalecchio di Reno.
In its lower course the Reno receives the water of numerous streams, some of which are seasonal (they have water only when it rains)

The Reno was a tributary of the Po until the middle of the 18th century when the course was changed to avoid the frequent floods. It now joins the Adriatic Sea near Casalborsetti, south-east of the "Valli di Comacchio", a lagoon in the commune of Comacchio.

The Reno flows through many municipalities; some of them in the lower course, in the Emilia-Romagna region, are:

The main tributaries of the Reno river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Fatih Terim

Fatih Terim (born 4 September 1953) is a Turkish football manager. He managed the Turkey national football team from 2013 to 2017.
He has been the manager of Galatasaray S.K. since 2017.

Agglutinative language

An agglutinative language is a type of language where words are made up of different types of morphemes to determine their meaning. (A morpheme is the smallest part of a word that has a meaning.) What makes these languages different from others, is that if one removes the morphemes from the word, they will be able to stand on their own.



Bozorgtarinhashunra niga mikardam - I was looking at their biggest ones.



Below is a list of modern agglutinative languages:



Suffocation (band)

Suffocation is an American brutal death metal band from Centereach, New York, United States. The band members are Frank Mullen (vocalist), Terrance Hobbs and Charlie Errigo (both guitarisits), Eric Morotti (drummer) and Derek Boyer (bassist). Their 1991 album, Effigy of the Forgotten, created a blueprint for the genre for the 1990s. The band has a raw death metal style that uses growled vocals with a downtuned guitar sound, fast and complex guitar riffs and drumming, open chord notes, breakdowns, and a complex sense of songwriting. "Decibel Magazine" has stated that Suffocation's music completely influenced the creation of deathcore.

Steve Hickner

Steve Hickner is an American animator and director who directed "Bee Movie" and "The Prince of Egypt".

Paul Bostaph

Paul Steven Bostaph (born 4 March 1964 in San Francisco, California) is an American metal drummer who is currently performing with the thrash metal band Slayer. He began his drumming career in 1984, and has since worked with bands like Forbidden, Exodus, Systematic, and Testament. "Metal-Rules.com" described Bostaph as "a true professional and one of the best drummers on today's metal music scene."

Bostaph first wanted to play the bass guitar, but later chose the drums because he found a kit that was cheaper than a bass. He listened to The Beatles and The Beach Boys, but AC/DC got him into rock drumming. He bought his first drum kit at the age of 15 and decided to become a metal drummer after listening to "Killers" by Iron Maiden. He was also influenced by bands like ELO, Blue Öyster Cult and Black Sabbath. His biggest drumming inspirations are Phil Rudd, Clive Burr, Tommy Aldridge, Nicko McBrain, Cozy Powell, Jeff Porcaro, Steve Smith, Dave Lombardo, and Tommy Lee.

Bostaph played drums for Forbidden from 1985–1992, playing on their first two studio albums, "Forbidden Evil" and "Twisted into Form". He also played on their 1989 live EP "Raw Evil: Live at the Dynamo". He is regarded as their most prolific 'permanent' drummer to date.

After drummer Dave Lombardo of Slayer left in 1992, the band was looking for a new drummer. Lombardo's drum tech was filling in but kept on making errors. After auditioning several drummers and listening to hundreds of demo tapes, Bostaph was recommended by Slayer guitarist Kerry King's guitar technician. Slayer members listened to some Forbidden records, however, they did not see how Bostaph could fit in Slayer – Lombardo's style was "over the top", while Forbidden was more melodic. Slayer auditioned Bostaph with nine songs, and he made only one error on "Angel of Death". Bostaph had to practice a lot to improve the strength of his hands and feet; "I respected and loved Dave's drumming but as a fan, if they got a new drummer and I bought a ticket to a show, I would expect to hear the stuff that Dave does, that's what I would want. So, I went in and every time I had to learn a new song I would play them exactly how Dave played them".

Bostaph recorded four albums with Slayer; his least favorite is 1994's "Divine Intervention". This is due to the guitars not being loud enough as they were in the recording session, the band moving around to several recording studios, and a producer who had never done any heavy metal music. The producer changed near the end of recording to Toby Wright – Bostaph stating "that record never had any consistency to it although a lot of fans still like it." Bostaph left the band in 1996 to concentrate on his solo project, Truth About Seafood, and was replaced by Jon Dette; however, he returned in 1997. His second favorite album is 2001's "God Hates Us All"; "The whole era that I was with the band that was the album that was the most well-rounded and mixed the best" with "Diabolus in Musica".

Bostaph left Slayer after the release of "God Hates Us All", after a chronic elbow injury he had received restricted his ability to play. (although he later said that he actually left because "Musically, I wanted to do something else".) His third last performance with the band is recorded on the DVD "War at the Warfield" recorded on December 7, 2001. Bostaph is yet to watch it as he feels "It's like breaking up with a girlfriend" and needs to move on with his life. He remained friends with the Slayer members, and when asked if he would work with them in the future, he replied "sure". Bostaph was temporarily replaced by original Slayer drummer Dave Lombardo, which later proved to be a permanent arrangement until 2013, when the band announced he has replaced Lombardo for the second time.








Homologous series

In chemistry, a homologous series is a series of chemical compounds with the same general formula. Usually these compounds vary by a single parameter such as the length of a carbon chain. Examples of such series are the straight-chained alkanes (paraffins), and some of their derivatives (such as the primary alcohols, aldehydes, and (mono)carboxylic acids). 

Compounds within a homologous series typically have a fixed set of functional groups that gives them similar chemical and physical properties. For example, the series of primary straight-chained alcohols has an hydroxyl at the end of the carbon chain. These properties typically change gradually along the series, and the changes can often be explained by small differences in molecular size and mass.

Canada men's national volleyball team

The Canada national volleyball team represents Canada in international volleyball competitions.



Czech Republic men's national volleyball team

The Czech Republic national volleyball team represents Czech Republic in international volleyball competitions.



Egypt men's national volleyball team

The Egypt national volleyball team represents Egypt in international volleyball competitions.



Tunisia men's national volleyball team

The Tunisia national volleyball team represents Tunisia in international volleyball competitions.



Shenandoah Valley

The Shenandoah Valley (nicknamed "The Big Valley" ) is a geographic valley and cultural region of western Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia in the United States. The valley is bounded on the east by the Blue Ridge Mountains. On the west it is bounded by the eastern front of the Appalachians. To the north it goes to the Potomac River and to the south by the James River. The cultural region covers a larger area that includes all of the valley plus the Virginia highlands to the west, and the Roanoke Valley to the south. The Valley is about long. It is the home of two well-known universities, James Madison and Shenandoah University.

For nearly 11,000 years before the Europeans came, Native Americans lived in the Shenandoah Valley. The first European to visit the area was probably a Jesuit priest in 1632. However, the first European credited with exploring the Valley was a German doctor named John Lederer in 1669. In the 1600s, Englishmen were told about the large forests which included chestnut trees as tall as .

Jackson's Valley Campaign Was fought here in 1862.

It is named for the river that stretches much of its length. The Shenandoah Valley has eight counties in Virginia and two counties in West Virginia.


The cultural region includes five more counties in Virginia:


At Harpers Ferry the Shenandoah River joins the Potomac. The Valley's cultural region contains 10 independent cities:



Reductio ad Hitlerum

Reductio ad Hitlerum, also known as playing the Hitler card, is a logical fallacy described by Leo Strauss, a philosopher, in 1951. It happens when someone compares their opponent's view with Hitler or something that he did.

It is a form of ad hominem, distracting from the argument by criticizing the opponent. It works because in the modern world, people think of Nazism as a bad thing.

During the 2016 US Presidential Election, Republican candidate Donald J. Trump has been repeatedly compared to Hitler by commentators and comedians.

An example is as follows:

As person 2 has criticized the opponent as opposed to the argument by comparing them to Hitler without giving any reasons as to why X is not true, they have committed reductio ad Hitlerum.

Leo Strauss

Leo Strauss (September 20, 1899 – October 18, 1973) was a German-American political philosopher and classicist who became an expert on political philosophy. He was born in Germany to Jewish parents and later went to the United States. He spent most of his time as a teacher of political science at the University of Chicago, where he taught students and put into print 15 books.

He was particularly concerned with the idea of whether freedom and excellence could go together, but his ideas were criticised by Nicholas Xenos as wanting to go back to an era of fascism.

He was against the idea of a world state as he thought it would lead to tyranny.

Recent research has criticized his ideas in Persecution and the Art of Writing. Strauss argues that writing in a secretive way is needed to protect revolutionary ideas from the general public. But the evidence shows that most people during the time when Strauss's philosophers lived were illiterate, and only a few could understand complicated philosophical works. This contradicts Strauss's hypothesis. Moreover, the complexity of language make it unnecessary to devise additional ways, as Strauss suggests, to hide messages, as language itself can have multiple interpretations. Therefore, it is important to reassess these theories based on the evidence and insights, which question Strauss's argument.

Wachseldorn

Wachseldorn is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Wahlern

Wahlern was a municipality in Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, Wahlern and Albligen joined together to become the new municipality, Schwarzenburg.

Schwarzenburg

Schwarzenburg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2011 through the merger of the municipalities of Wahlern and Albligen.

Mosen, Lucerne

Mosen was a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Müswangen

Müswangen was a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Brontallo

Brontallo is a village and former municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico merged to form the new municipality of Lavizzara.

Peccia

Peccia is one of six small Swiss municipalities that merged on 4 April 2004 to form the new municipality of Lavizzara, with about 1000 people. The other municipalities were Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, and Prato-Sornico.

Web crawler

A web crawler or spider is a computer program that automatically fetches the contents of a web page. The program then analyses the content, for example to index it by certain search terms. Search engines commonly use web crawlers.


Per capita income

Per capita income or average income is the average amount of money a person gets in a year. It is found by dividing the amount of money in an area by the number of people living there.

Per capita income is often used to measure an area's average income. The currency used is often the euro or the US dollar as they are widely used international currencies.

It has been criticised for not accounting for inflation. This means that it overstates economic growth. It also means that a small number of wealthy people can increase the country's per capita income whilst the rest of the population experience no change. It does not account for the differences in the cost of living between countries.

Sunnyvale, California

Sunnyvale is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is near San Francisco and San Jose. It is the seventh most populated city in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is in Santa Clara County and Silicon Valley. As of the 2020 census, 155,805 people were living in Sunnyvale.

Many technology companies have operations in Sunnyvale. 

Booby trap

A booby trap is a hidden device or setup that is intended to kill, harm or surprise a person. It is usually triggered by the actions of the victim who did not know the booby trap was there. 

During the Vietnam War nearly 70% of American casualties were due to booby traps. In war, booby traps are a form of psychological warfare. They are designed to make soldiers slow down and be very cautious. As the word "trap" implies, they sometimes have some form of bait to attract the victim. At other times, the trap is set to act upon trespassers that come into personal or restricted areas. The device can be triggered when the victim performs some type of everyday action. For example opening a door, picking something up or switching something on. They can also be triggered by vehicles driving along a road such as an improvised explosive devices (IED's). Often booby traps are placed in a choke point (such as a path), where people or vehicles would normally move through. Lethal booby traps are often used in warfare, particularly guerrilla warfare. Traps designed to cause injury or pain are sometimes used by criminals wanting to protect drugs or other illicit property. 

They are also used by some owners of legal property who wish to protect it from theft. There may be laws governing this use.


San Pedro Department, Paraguay

The San Pedro department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú. Its code is PY-02.

The name San Pedro ("Saint Peter") was given after its capital.

During the 17th and 18th centuries there was much problems with the people in the region. To help for the economic growth, three towns were started: San Estanislao (1749), Villa del Rosario (1786) and San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú (1786).

San Pedro, the second department of the country, was created by law in 1906, and had the territories of Itacurubí del Rosario, Santa Rosa del Aguaray, Tacuatí, Unión, Ygatimi and Curuguaty, as well as the area of the present Canindeyú department. Its limits were given finally by the Law 426 of 26 December 1973.

The San Pedro department is in the north central part of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , the largest of the "Oriental" region, with a population of 360,094 for a population density of .


The main river in the department, and of Paraguay, is the Paraguay that makes the western border of the department.

Other rivers are the Jejuí Guazú, long, and the Ypané, long.

, the total amount of precipitation in the city of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2014 in San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 20 districts:



Jeju Island

Jejudo (also known as Jeju Island) is the largest island off the coast of the Korean Peninsula. It is the main island of Jeju Province of South Korea. The island lies in the Korea Strait, southwest of South Jeolla Province. The island contains the natural World Heritage Site Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes. The highest point in South Korea is the Island's dormant volcano, Hallasan, which stands above sea level. Jejudo has a temperate climate. Even in winter, the temperature rarely falls below . The Island is a popular place for Korean newlyweds to honeymoon.

Jeju Island is 73 km wide from east to west and 31 km wide from north to south. Most of Jeju Island is made out of volcanic rocks from the Holocene era.

First, the basalt lava erupted to make the Hallasan shield volcano about 2 million years ago. Hallasan was still active into recorded history, but it is not active now. Then this first layer of volcanic rock was covered up with sediment. Then there was another set of eruptions, which made most of the rock on the surface of Jeju Island today. In the third round of volcanic activity, Hallasan grew to its current, tall height, 1950 m.

Sinusitis

Sinusitis means infection or inflammation of the sinuses, which are air-filled spaces inside the bones of the face. There are many symptoms, including thick nasal mucus, a plugged nose, and pain in the face.

Rain, Lucerne

Rain is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Retschwil

Retschwil was a municipality, in the municipality of Hitzkirch and the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Anne of Romania

Princess Anne of Bourbon-Parma, also known as Queen Anne of Romania ("Anne Antoinette Françoise Charlotte Zita Marguerite of Bourbon-Parma", 18 September 1923 – 1 August 2016), was the wife of former king Michael I of Romania.

Anne was born in Paris, France, the only daughter of Prince René of Bourbon-Parma and Princess Margaret of Denmark. Anne was the younger sister of Prince Jacques of Bourbon-Parma and elder sister to Prince Michel of Bourbon-Parma who married Princess Maria Pia of Savoy (eldest child of King Umberto II of Italy and Queen Marie José), and Prince André of Bourbon-Parma. As a granddaughter of Robert I, Duke of Parma she was first cousin to: King Boris III of Bulgaria; Robert Hugo, Duke of Parma; Princess Alicia, Dowager Duchess of Calabria; Carlos Hugo, Duke of Parma; Crown Prince Otto of Austria; and Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg.

In 1939 Anne's family fled from the Nazi Germans and escaped to Spain, then to Portugal finally to the United States. She attended the Parsons School of Design in New York City from 1940 to 1943. She also worked as a sales assistant at Macy's department store. In 1943 she joined the French Army as an ambulance driver. She served in Algeria, Morocco, Italy, Luxembourg and Germany. She received the French "Croix de guerre" for her wartime service.

In November 1947, Anne met King Michael I of Romania who was visiting London for the wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip Mountbatten, Duke of Edinburgh. They met several times in London, always with her mother or brother. Michael asked her to marry him. Michael returned to Romania, where he was told by the prime minister it was not the right tine to announce the wedding. A few days later, the government said the wedding was the reason for Michael's sudden "abdication". In fact the king was deposed by the Communists on 30 December.

Anne was a Catholic and under their rules, she needed the church's permission to marry Michael who was not a Catholic. This permission could be given if Michael agreed to allow their future children to be raised as Catholics. Michael refused to do this, as it was against the laws of Romania, and it would make it impossible for him to regain his position as king. The Holy See refused to grant permission for the wedding. The two families decided to take their case to the Vatican. In early March, the couple's mothers met with Pope Pius XII who also refused permission for Anne to marry Michael.

Anne and Michael decided to marry without church permission. Anne's paternal uncle, Xavier, Duke of Parma, said he objected to the marriage that did not have the Pope's permission. He also told Anne's parents not to attend the wedding. Anne's family was represented at the ceremony by her maternal uncle, Prince Eric of Denmark.

The wedding ceremony was held on 10 June 1948 in Athens, Greece, in the throne room of the Royal Palace. The ceremony was performed by Archbishop Damaskinos. Guests at the wedding included: Helen, Queen Mother of Romania, Michael's aunts Queen Frederica, Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark, Duchess of Aosta, Princess Katherine of Greece and Denmark; his cousins Alexandra, Queen Consort of Yugoslavia, Prince Amedeo, Duke of Aosta, King Paul of Greece, Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark, Crown Prince Constantine of Greece and Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark, the three youngest ones serving as bridesmaids and pageboys; Anne's maternal uncle Prince Eric of Denmark; Princess Nicholas of Greece and Denmark, Prince George William of Hanover and many others.

The couple took part in a religious ceremony on 9 November 1966, at the Roman Catholic Church of St Charles in Monaco, to make the marriage "legal" for the church.

After their wedding in 1948, Anne and Michael lived in Hertfordshire for four years. They became market gardeners and farmed poultry. In 1956 they moved to Versoix on Lake Geneva, and raised five daughters there. In 1992 Anne and Michael visited Romania for three days; it was Anne's first visit to the country. From 1993 to 1997, Michael was refused entry to Romania by the Romanian government. Anne visited the country a number of times representing her husband. After 1997, there were no restrictions on Anne and Michael's entry into Romania. Elisabeta Palace was made available for them to use, and they recovered some properties from the state, including Săvârşin Castle and Peleş Castle.

In June 2008, Anne and Michael celebrated their 60th Wedding Anniversary, with three days of events in Romania. Events included a concert by the George Enescu Philharmonic Orchestra at the Romanian Athenaeum, an official reception at Athenee Palace in Bucharest, and book launch at the National Museum of Romanian History.

Anne died on 1 August 2016 in a hospital in Morges, Switzerland, at the age of 92. The family refused a posthumous military medal. Romania's President Klaus Iohannis said "Her Majesty Queen Ana of Romania will remain forever in memory and in our hearts as one of the most important symbols of wisdom, dignity and, especially, as a model of moral conduct." The government made 13 August 2016 a national day of mourning. The Romanian flag was flown at half-mast on all buildings. Television and radio broadcasts were told to make their programs suitable for the memory of Anne of Romania. The funeral was held at the Curtea de Argeș Cathedral. The government of Moldova also held a national day of mourning on 13 August in memory of Queen Anne, asking for everyone to observe a moment of silence at 10 am on that day.





Colin Bean

Colin Bean (15 April 1926 – 20 June 2009) was an English actor. He was best known for his role as Private Sponge in the BBC comedy series "Dad's Army". He appeared in 45 episodes between 1968 and 1977. He also had roles in "Are You Being Served?", "Hi-de-Hi!" and "Z Cars".

Bean was born in Wigan, Lancashire (now Greater Manchester). He died on 20 June 2009, aged 83.

A. P. Hill

Ambrose Powell Hill, Jr. (1825–1865) was a career United States Army officer from Virginia who resigned and served as a Confederate States Army general and died near the end of the American Civil War. He had started his military career in 1847, graduating from the United States Military Academy at West Point, 15th out of a class of 38. While at the academy, he and his roommate George B. McClellan became close friends. He served during the last part of the Mexican-American War in Texas. He served during the Seminole War of 1849–50 in Florida. Hill is best known for commanding the "Light Division" under General Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson.

The Hill family had come to Virginia two centuries before the Civil War. The earliest family members (then spelled "Hull") traced back to 12th century England. Henry and William Hill of Shropshire came to Virginia in 1630. They settled in Middlesex County, Virginia. Both brothers were tobacco farmers and both had large families. In 1740, Russel Hill, William's great-grandson, moved to Culpepper County, Virginia. His son, Henry Hill served in the American Revolutionary War under Colonel Henry "Light Horse Harry" Lee. His son, Thomas Hill, was a farmer, merchant, and politician. He married Fannie Russel Baptist. Together they had four sons followed by three daughters. Their fourth son was Ambrose Powell Hill, Jr.

On November 9, 1825, Ambrose Powell Hill, Jr., was born at Greenland, his father's plantation near Culpepper, Virginia. But all throughout his childhood, he was called Powell. He went to the local schools. Hill wanted to go into the military, and in 1842 he was admitted to West Point. But he did not graduate in 1846 with the rest of his class because he missed a year due to illness. Graduating in 1847, he was posted to the U.S. 1st Artillery. After serving in the Mexican-American War, he was sent to Texas, then Florida. Hill came down with Yellow fever, typhoid fever, and malaria. During the 1850s he was sick much of the time and was confined to his bed. When he recovered, he was assigned to the Coast Surveying Department (now the U.S. National Geodetic Survey).

When President Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated in March 1861, Hill was among the U.S. Army officers who resigned their commissions and joined the Confederacy. He was given command of the 13th Virginia Infantry with the rank of colonel. At the First Battle of Bull Run, his regiment was held in reserve. In February 1862 he was promoted to brigadier general. In the Peninsula Campaign, he fought against his former West Point roommate, Union General George McClellan. Proving himself as an aggressive leader, he was promoted again on May 26, 1862. This made him the Confederate Army's youngest major general. Hill called his division "the Light Division" even though it was one of the Confederate Army's larger divisions. This was probably because of how fast Hill could move his troops. He was known as a fearless general and was often seen in battle at the front lines.

Without any encouragement from Hill, he was being regularly written about by a former aide, John M. Daniel. Wounded, Daniel had left the army and was now the editor of the "Richmond Examiner", a three-cent newspaper popular with Confederate soldiers. Soon, Daniel was making Hill out to be Lee's top general to the exclusion of other generals. This did not sit well with Lieutenant General James Longstreet, as Hill's commanding officer. The final straw came in the July 2 edition of "The Examiner". Daniel wrote that Hill had taken command of all of Longstreet's forces when Longstreet was absent from the battle for a period of time. Longstreet was angered at this and saw it as a lie. Longstreet decided to write his own article refuting Daniel's claims about Hill at the battle. In a rival newspaper, the "Richmond Whig", Longstreet directed Major Moxley Sorrel to submit a public response under Sorrel's own name. This started a very public feud between the two generals. Lee became aware of the feud but decided not to do anything about it.

When Hill refused to read any dispatches sent by Sorrel, Longstreet's aide, Longstreet became furious. He ordered Hills arrest. While under arrest, Hill's Light Division was commanded by generals J.R. Anderson, then Lawrence O'Bryan Branch. At this point Hill regarded this as questioning his honor. The two kept up hostile communications and a time and place was selected for a duel. At this point, Lee stepped in and made the two generals come to an agreement. Hill was restored to his command and was assigned to General Stonewall Jackson. As time passed, Hill and Longstreet became friendly again. Sorrel was later promoted to major general and found himself under the command of Hill.

At the Battle of Cedar Mountain in August 1862, Hill proved himself valuable to his new Corps commander. His Light Division played a key role in helping Jackson win a victory over the Union army. At the Second Battle of Bull Run, Hill's division nearly ran out of ammunition but stood their ground against every Federal attack.

At the Battle of Chancellorsville in May 1863, Jackson ordered Hill's division to the front in preparation for a night attack. Meanwhile, Jackson was personally doing reconnaissance. As he returned he was fired on by his own men, mortally wounding the general. J.E.B. Stuart took over command and called off the night attack. Chancellorsville was a Confederate victory.

Hill was promoted to lieutenant general after Jackson's death and was now in command of Lee's Third Corps in the Army of the Potomac. Hill's corps was at the Battle of Gettysburg from July 1–3, 1863. He was criticised for making questionable decisions. On the first day, he engaged the Union before all of the Confederate army had arrived.

At the Battle of Bristoe Station on October 14, 1863, Hill's Corps attacked two Union corps who were slowly retreating north. Hill's mistake was in not ordering any reconnaissance before the attack to see what they were up against. One of Hill's divisions was badly beaten, and one artillery battery was lost. After reinforcing his line, Hill was not able to make any progress against the Union corps who were dug in behind the Orange and Alexandria Railroad embankment. After beating Hill, the Union army continued on to Centerville, Virginia. Lee was angry with Hill over his mistakes at Bristoe Station. He told Hill, "bury your dead and say no more about it!"

On May 5, 1864, at the place known as the Wilderness in Spotsylvania County, Virginia, Confederate and Union forces battled for two days. Hill's Corps battled two Union corps both days and were on the verge of falling back when Longstreet's Texas Brigade reinforced Hill and pushed the Federals back.

Hill was killed on April 2, 1865 at the Third Battle of Petersburg. He was just returning from sick leave and riding to the front to join his men when he was killed by a shot from an enemy soldier.

Römerswil

Römerswil is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2005, Herlisberg part of the municipality.


Rothenburg, Lucerne

Rothenburg is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schongau, Lucerne

Schongau is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Lucerne District

Lucerne is a former district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital was the city of Lucerne. On 1 January 2013 the district was divided into two districts, Lucerne-Stadt and Lucerne-Land.

It contains the following municipalities:


Frank Blas

Frank Flores Blas, Sr. (March 20, 1941 – August 1, 2016) was a Guamanian politician, businessman and member of the Republican Party of Guam. Blas served as the Lieutenant Governor of Guam from 1987 until 1995 under Governor Joseph Franklin Ada.

Blas was born on March 20, 1941, in Agana, now known as Hagåtña, Guam. He attended Father Dueñas Memorial School in Guam, and St. Augustine High School in San Diego, California. He received an associate's degree from the College of Guam in 1962. Blas graduated from the University of Portland with a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1965.

Blas and his first wife, Lydia Blas (died 1970), had two children, including Frank Blas Jr., a politician. In 1971, Blas married his second wife, Tina and had three children.

Blas worked for the Mobil Petroleum Company of Guam from 1965 until 1969.

He was Director of the Department of Commerce of Guam from 1969 to 1972. Blas was elected to Legislature of Guam as a Senator from 1974 until 1984.

In 1982, with Republican Senator Kurt Moylan, Blas challenged the Republican Governor Paul McDonald Calvo in the primary election. Moylan and Blas were defeated in the primary vote. Governor Calvo lost to Democrat Ricardo Bordallo in the November 1982 general election.

On November 4, 1986, Joseph Franklin Ada, with Frank Blas, were elected Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Guam. Ada defeated the Governor Ricardo Bordallo by 2,581 votes (7.6%). Blas served as Lt. Governor under Ada for two terms from January 1987 until January 1995. Blas described his main role as a liaison between the Ada administration and members of the Legislature.

Ada could not seek re-election to a third term, so Blas joined with Simon Sanchez to stand for office. However, Blas and Sanchez lost the 1994 Republican primary election to Tommy Tanaka and Doris Brooks. Tanaka was defeated in the 1994 election by Democrat Carl Gutierrez and Madeleine Bordallo.

Blas left politics in January 1995. He owned Frank Blas & Associates, an insurance brokerage firm based in Barrigada, Guam. In 2003, Blas was appointed Chairman of the Antonio B. Won Pat Guam International Airport Authority, a government agency which operates the airport.

Frank Blas died on August 1, 2016, at the age of 75.

Dai Dower

David William "Dai" Dower MBE (20 June 1933 – 1 August 2016), was a British, Empire and European Flyweight boxing champion. He was one of the most successful Welsh boxers of all time. Dower also competed for Britain at the 1952 Summer Olympics.


Hurricane Hermine

Hurricane Hermine was a tropical cyclone in August and September 2016. It affected states from Florida to New England. The storm hit Florida on September 1, near the Big Bend region. Hermine had winds of 80 miles per hour at landfall. The storm also struck Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina.

Hermine was expected to affect areas from Virginia to Massachusetts and Rhode Island.

At least two deaths were blamed on the storm.

Jonathan Borwein

Jonathan Michael Borwein (20 May 1951 – 2 August 2016) was a Scottish mathematician. An expert in experimental mathematics, he published 388 journal articles, as well being a regular contributor to The Conversation and The Huffington Post. He held a number of important positions including Governor at large of the Mathematical Association of America (2004–07), President of the Canadian Mathematical Society (2000–02), Chair of the Canadian National Science Library Advisory Board (2000–2003) and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Australian Mathematical Sciences Institute (AMSI). At the time of his death he held the position of Laureate Professor of Mathematics at the University of Newcastle, Australia, and was in Canada as a Distinguished Scholar in Residence at Western University in London, Ontario.

Wald, Bern

Wald is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, Englisberg and Zimmerwald joined together to become the new municipality, Wald.


Walkringen

Walkringen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Walliswil bei Niederbipp

Walliswil bei Niederbipp is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Walliswil bei Wangen

Walliswil bei Wangen is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Jamkaran

Jamkaran (; also Romanized as Jamkarān, Jamgarān, Jam-i-Karān, and Jam‘karān) is a village in Iran. It is on the outskirts of the city of Qom.

Post hoc fallacy

The post hoc fallacy means "after this, therefore because of this". Its Latin name is Post hoc ergo propter hoc. It is a logical fallacy. When event B happens after event A, a person might think "event A must have caused event B".

Example: 

It is a tempting error because sequence in time does sometimes suggest causality. When I press the light switch, the light comes on, and that is a cause and effect sequence. The difference is that it can be explained why the light comes on when the switch is pressed. On the other hand, no-one can explain why a rooster's crowing might affect the Sun.

The phrase is used by the character Sheldon Cooper in the third season of The Big Bang Theory. Sheldon mentions the logical fallacy in disputing his mother's claim that her prayer group did ensure his safety during his North Pole expedition.

 

Tarn Taran Sahib

Taran Taran Sahib is a city of Punjab state of India. This city was founded by 4th Sikh Guru, Guru Ramdas Ji.

Gurmukhi alphabet

The Gurmukhi alphabet is used to write the Punjabi language by the Sikhs in Pakistan and India. Gurmukhi is primarily used in Punjab, India. It is the official script of Indian Punjab. Gurmukhi was created by the 2nd Sikh Guru, Guru Angad Dev in the 16th century, It was modified from the Lahnda scripts, which were used to write the Punjabi, Sindhi, and Lahnda languages in modern-day Pakistan.

There are 35 native characters in Gurmukhi, In the 18th-19th century a new character family called Naveen Toli was added. This helps to pronounce and write Persian words with proper tone. 

The word Gurmukhi literally means "from the mouth of Guru".

Gionee

Gionee (Gionee Communication Equipment Co. Ltd.) is a Chinese smartphone manufacturer based in Shenzhen, Guangdong. They make the world's slimmest phone called Gionee Elife S5.1. It is only 5.15mm thick. In August 2016, Gionee India introduced their plans to build a manufacturing plant in India.

Bözberg

Bözberg is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Gallenkirch, Linn, Oberbözberg and Unterbözberg merged into the new municipality of Bözberg.


Hans Schmidt

Hans B. Schmidt (1881 – February 18, 1916) was a German Roman Catholic priest. He was convicted of murder and he was the only priest to be executed in the United States.

Hans Schmidt was born in the Bavarian city of Aschaffenburg

Zhanna Nemtsova

Zhanna Nemtsova (born 24 March 1984) is a Russian journalist and activist. She is the daughter of Boris Nemtsov, a Russian opposition politician who was killed in 2015. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

After Nemtsova's father was killed, Nemtsova moved to Germany. In Germany, she started the Boris Nemtsov Foundation to work for democratic values in Russia. In Germany Nemtsova worked for the German news service Deutsche Welle. She also wrote a book, "Waking up Russia" (in the original German, "Russland wachrütteln") about Russian politics. Nemtsova also wrote for The Guardian.


Fatimata M’baye

Fatimata M’baye (Arabic: فاطمتا أمباي ) is a Mauritanian lawyer and human rights activist. She started the Mauritanian Association for Human Rights. In 2016 she received an International Women of Courage Award.

M'baye studied law and economics at Nouakchott University from 1981 to 1985. She became the first woman lawyer in Mauritania.

M'baye takes the most difficult legal cases. She represented clients accused of apostasy. She also worked for a “committee of widows” whose husbands were murdered. M'baye helped write the 2007 anti-slavery law. She got convictions for child exploitation and slavery. She was in prison many times, and received some threats to her life.


Bernardo Rezende

Bernardo Rocha de Rezende known as Bernardinho (born August 25, 1959) is a Brazilian volleyball coach and former player. He is the current coach of both Brazil national volleyball team and the female volleyball team Rio de Janeiro Vôlei Clube. Rezende is the most successful coach in the history of volleyball, accumulating more than 30 major titles in twenty-year career directing the Brazilian male and female teams.


Los Andes Province, Chile

Los Andes Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V).

The city of Los Andes is the capital of the province.

The Los Andes province has an area of , the second largest province in the Valparaíso region after the Petorca province.

Los Andes is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the west and north by the San Felipe de Aconcagua province, on the east by Argentina and on the south by the Santiago Metropolitan region.

 (last national census), there were 91,683 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Los Andes, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 60,198 inhabitants.

As a province, Los Andes is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Los Andes serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Deaths in August 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in August 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Arakkal Museum

The Arrakkal Museum is a museum dedicated to the Arakkal family, the only Muslim royal family in Kerala, South India. The museum is actually a section of the "Arakkalkettu"(Arakkal Royal Palace). The durbar hall section of the palace has been converted into a museum by the Government of Kerala. It was opened in July 2005 after a Rs. 9,000,000 renovation.

Although renovated by the government, the "Arakkalkettu" is still owned by the "Arakkal Royal Trust" and does not fall under the control of the country's archaeology department, the Archaeological Survey of India. The government had taken a keen interest in preserving the heritage of the Arakkal Family, which had played a prominent role in the history of Malabar. A nominal entry fee is charged by the "Arakkal Royal Trust" from visitors to the museum.

The Arakkal Museum is in Ayikkara, next to the Kannur City. It is 2-3 kilometres from Kannur town.


Mount Kyllini

Mount Kyllini or Mount Cyllene , sometimes Ζήρια, is a mountain on the Peloponnese peninsula in Greece. It is famous for its association with the god Hermes. Mount Kyllini rises to above sea level. This makes it the second highest point on the peninsula. It is located near the border between the historic regions of Arcadia and Achaea—in the northeast of Arcadia. It is located west of Corinth, northwest of Stymfalia, north of Tripoli, and south of Derveni.

Much of the mountain is desolate and rocky. The area below is largely forested. There is an observatory at , at 22.67 east longitude and 37.97 north latitude. Roads pass near the southern and western slopes, but there are not many on the mountain itself, as much of the mountain is part of a park.

Walperswil

Walperswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group C

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group C was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Germany, Czech Republic, Northern Ireland, Norway, Azerbaijan, and San Marino. Germany won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Northern Ireland finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.








Walterswil, Bern

Walterswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wangen an der Aare

Wangen an der Aare is a municipality in Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wangenried

Wangenried is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Wanzwil

Wanzwil was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, Wanzwil and Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee became part of Heimenhausen.

Railroad company

A railroad company or railway company is an organization that operates a railroad track or trains. The company can either be private or public. Some railway companies operate both the trains and the track. In other cases, particularly in European Union (EU), ownership of track and train operation is run by separate companies. In the United States the railroad track system is owned by the railroad companies. In the 1800s, the federal government gave large land grants to the railroads.

Many countries have a national railway company that owns all track and operates all trains in the country. For example, the Russian Railways (the world's largest rail company by network size). Other countries have many different, sometimes competing, railway companies that operate each their own lines. This is true in the United States and Canada. 

In Europe, the EU requires its members to split the railway companies into a number of different companies. Usually public owned companies own the track and other public companies (sometimes owned by regional governments) own the train cars. Franchising is then used to determine the right to operate the line for a limited time period. A number of private companies bid for the right to operate. Other companies offer track and train car maintenance.

Wattenwil

Wattenwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wengi

Wengi (Bernese German: "Wängi", []) is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wichtrach

Wichtrach is a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Niederwichtrach and Oberwichtrach merged into the municipality of Wichtrach.

Wiedlisbach

Wiedlisbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Anthocyanin

Anthocyanin is a chemical compound which makes the red colour in plants. For example, red cabbage has anthocyanins which make it red.

In flowers, bright-reds and purples attract pollinators. In fruits, the colourful skins also attract the attention of animals, which may eat the fruits and disperse the seeds.

In photosynthetic tissues (such as leaves and sometimes stems), anthocyanins have been shown to act as a "sunscreen". They protect cells from high-light damage by absorbing blue-green and ultraviolet light. Ionizing radiation can damage DNA.

There are some other suggestions. The red colour of leaves may camouflage leaves from herbivores blind to red wavelengths. The pigment may signal bad taste, since anthocyanin synthesis often comes with unpalatable phenolic compounds.

Making these pigments is done by a series of enzymes that are stuck on cell membranes.

Williamson County, Texas

Williamson County is a county in Central Texas. The county seat is Georgetown, Texas. The county population in 2020 was 609,017. The county is named after Robert McAlpin Williamson, a veteran in the Battle of San Jacinto and a previous community leader.

Williamson County held humans for at least 11,200 years. In recent times, a prehistoric skeleton was found in Williamson County. The name of the skeleton is "Leanderthal Lady". The town of Leander is named after the skeleton. "Leanderthal Lady" was found after the Texas Department of Transportation found remnants while drilling core/dirt samples for a new highway.

Native Americans also lived in areas of Williamson County. The Tonkawa tribe lived in parts of the county. Other tribes lived in the area. These tribes included Kiowa, Yojuane, Tawakoni, and Mayeye Native Americans.

On September 1921, the remains of a hurricane moved over Williamson County. The rains fell over Thrall, Texas. The town received 39.7 inches of rain in 36 hours. The storm killed 87 near Taylor, Texas, and 93 in Williamson County. A total of 215 deaths were reported due to the rains. 

On 27 May 1997, Williamson county had a tornado outbreak. The county had several tornadoes during the day. An EF-5 tornado "(rating determined on the Fujita Scale)" struck Jarrell, Texas, killing 27 persons. An EF-3 tornado also struck Cedar Park, with one indirect death.

The following is a list of communities in Williamson county. Some communities are part of other counties.

Susanna Griso

Susanna Griso Raventós (born 8 October 1969 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish journalist and TV hostess. 

She got a degree in journalism at Autonomous University of Barcelona and began to work in both radio stations, Ràdio Sant Cugat and Catalunya Ràdio.

In 1993 hosted TV3's magazines programmes: "Tres senyores i un senyor" and "Fora de joc", and after 1995: "Telenotícies".

Between 1997 and 1998 she hosted the Catalonian News of TVE. In that channel covered the information about the Princess Lady Diana of Wales's funeral and the Princess Cristina de Borbón and Iñaki Urdangarin's wedding.

In 1998 she was hired by Antena 3 to work at "Noticias 1" with the host Matías Prats until 2006. Since then, she hosts the morning program: "Espejo público".


Electric blanket

An electric blanket is a blanket with electric heating. 

The first electric blanket was invented in 1912 by an American Medic named Dr. Sidney Irwin Russell. The public remained uninteresting in the heated blanket until an English company started to produce and market heated blankets to the public in 1920.

Some modern "low voltage" electric blankets have thin carbon fiber wires and work on 12-24 volts.

Nguyễn Văn Thiệu

Nguyen Van Thieu or "Nguyễn Văn Thiệu" was the leader of South Vietnam from 1965 to 1975. He was a general in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. Thieu became head of a military junta, meaning the military controlled the government. He was then elected president.

Thieu quit being president on 21 April 1975. He then left the country. On 30 April 1975 the city of Saigon was taken by North Vietnam. This marked the end of the Vietnam War.

Thieu died in 2001. He was 78 years old. He died in Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. He had a stroke at his home in Foxborough. He had been put on a respirator. He was cremated and buried in Boston.

U Nu

U Nu (; ; 25 May 1907 – 14 February 1995) was the first Prime Minister of Burma. He served from 4 January 1948 to 12 June 1956, again from 28 February 1957 to 28 October 1958, and finally from 4 April 1960 to 2 March 1962.

Burma gained independence from Britain on 4 January 1948. Nu became the first prime minister of the new country. He quit being prime minister in 1956. He again served as prime minister between Ba Swe and Ne Win.

Nu was one of the leaders of the Anti-Fascist People's Freedom League (AFPFL) from 1942 to 1963. The AFPFL had two groups of power. Nu's group won the 1960 election. He then became prime minister. On 2 March 1962 General Ne Win took control of the government. Nu was then kept in an army camp. Nu continued to claim he was the legal prime minister. In 1988 he tried to form his own government with Win Maung as president.

Nu wrote an autobiography called "Ta-Tei Sanei Tha" ("Naughty Saturday-born"). It was published in India by Irrawaddy Publishing (U Maw Thiri) in 1975. He wrote several other books including "The People Win Through" (1951), "Burma under the Japanese" (1954), "An Asian Speaks" (1955), and "Burma Looks Ahead" (1951).

U Nu was a popular spiritual leader of his country. During the 1960 election he promised to make Buddhism the official state religion. On 29 August 1961, Parliament passed a law making Buddhism the state religion. Ne Win removed the law in 1962.

Iodine test

The iodine test is a test that is able to detect starch using iodine as a chemical indicator. Example uses include brewing beer, and determining when apples are ripe and can be harvested.

If starch is present, the iodine solution will turn dark blue/purple. If there is no starch, the iodine will stay brown.

Mauritanian Association for Human Rights

The Mauritanian Association for Human Rights or "Association Mauritanienne des Droits de l'Homme" (AMDH) (Arabic: للجمعية الموريتانية لحقوق الإنسان ) is a Mauritanian NGO. The organization started in 1991. It works for human rights and watches for human rights violations. Fatimata M’baye is the co-founder and president.

AMDH worked with three main areas of human rights violations: mass killings of black Mauritanian soldiers, deportation of soldiers and members of the press to the desert, and repatriation (sending back refugees) of large groups of Mauritanians from Senegal.

Las Lomas, California

Las Lomas is a town in Monterey County, California. At the 2020 census, 3,046 people lived there.

Arrondissements of the Creuse department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Creuse department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Creuse are:

Since its creation, the Creuse department has had few changes:


Heart block

Heart block is a type of heart disease. The human heart uses electrical signals to make the heart beat. Electricity travels down pathways in the heart to make each part of the heart beat at the right time. 

When a person has a heart block, there is a “block” in one of these electrical pathways. This blocks electricity from travelling normally through the heart. This makes the heart beat more slowly.

In the most serious cases, the heart’s electrical pathways are blocked so badly that electricity cannot travel through the heart. This means the heart’s electrical signals cannot control how the heart beats, or cannot make the heart beat at all.

Many people with heart block have no symptoms at all.

Other people only have symptoms every once in a while. Sometimes, their heart might skip a beat. This can make the person feel dizzy; faint; or have palpitations (feel their heart pounding).

In the most serious cases of heart block, a person's heart cannot control their heart beats. These cases can be treated with an artificial pacemaker. This is a medical device that is placed into the heart. It sends electrical signals to make the heart beat regularly.

Some people are born with heart block. This is called a congenital heart block.

More often, people get heart block later in life. Heart block can be caused by:

There are three main types of heart block.

This is the least serious type of heart block. It usually causes no symptoms.

In second-degree heart block, it takes longer and longer for the heart to send electrical signals from the middle of the heart to the ventricles, which pump blood to the body. Eventually, this leads to a skipped heart beat. This can cause dizziness and fainting.

This is the most serious type of heart block. It is also called a complete heart block. In this type of heart block, no electrical signals reach the heart's ventricles. This means that the electrical signals cannot make the heart pump blood to the body.

Some people with third-degree heart block may have very few symptoms and may not need treatment. However, some people with third-degree heart block have many different symptoms. Third-degree heart block can be a medical emergency. This type of heart block may be treated with a pacemaker.

Heart block can be diagnosed with an electrocardiogram (also called an ECG or an EKG). This is a painless test. During the test, pads are placed on a person's chest, arms, and legs. They record the heart's electrical activity.

A cardiologist can help diagnose heart block and order other tests if they are needed.


W (New York City Subway)

The W Broadway Local is a rapid transit service of the New York City Subway's B Division. Its route emblem, or "bullet", is colored sunflower yellow because it is used on the BMT Broadway Line in Manhattan. In addition to the Broadway Line, the W serves the BMT Astoria Line in Queens. This uses the 60th Street Tunnel to travel under the East River between Queens and Manhattan. It also ran in Brooklyn until 2004, serving the BMT Fourth Avenue and West End lines. The W is in service as of April 7, 2020. There was a six year delay due to Metropolitan Transportation Authority, or MTA, budget cuts on June 25, 2010.

Stations 

The W runs on weekdays from 6:00 a.m to 11:30 p.m. This route includes the BMT Astoria Line in Queens and BMT Broadway Line in Manhattan to its southern terminal of Whitehall Street-South Ferry. Also there are three Queens bound morning rush hour trains. They will start from the Coney Island yard that will serve from 86th Street subway in Brooklyn via Sea Beach Line, through the Montague Street Tunnel to its terminal of Astoria-Ditmars Blvd. There will be three trains from Queens to 86th Street, Brooklyn in the evening rush hour on weekdays. 

North Gyeongsang Province

North Gyeongsang Province is a province in South Korea. Gyeongsang Province divided into North Gyeongsang and South Gyeongsang in 1896.

Daegu was the capital from 1896 to 1981, but Daegu left the province in 1981. The capital changed to Andong in 2016.

North Gyeongsang Province has 19% of South Korea's land.

Gyeongsang Province was Jinhan and Byeonhan's territory in ancient times. Later Jinhan became Gaya and Byeonhan became Silla. Since Silla conquered Gaya, all of Gyeongsang Province became Silla's. When Silla collapsed and Goryeo was founded, Dongnambuseosa was established in the Gyeongsang area and it ruled the province. From Goryeo King Hyeonjong's period, the province started to be called Gyeongsang Province. In the Joseon Dynasty, which was founded after Goryeo, Gyeongsang Province was divided into Left Gyeongsang and Right Gyeongsang. In 1895, Gyeongsang Province was replaced by 4 districts. Later, in 1896, the districts were abolished, and today's North Gyeongsang and South Gyeongsang were formed. In 1981 Daegu Metropolitan City separated from the province. In 2023, very bad flooding happened there.

Currently, North Gyeongsang has 10 cities ("si") and 13 counties ("gun").

Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome

Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS, also called postural tachycardia syndrome) is a medical problem. When a person has POTS, their heart beats faster than normal when they stand up. POTS may also cause many other symptoms.


Put together, the words "postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome" mean that when a person stands up, they get tachycardia, and they also have other symptoms.

When a healthy person stands up, their heart beats faster for a little while. It does this to push blood to the brain. Then the person's heart rate goes back to normal.

When a person with POTS stands up, their heart beats much faster than normal. POTS is diagnosed when a person's heart rate increases by at least 30 beats per minute within 10 minutes after they stand up. This is called "postural tachycardia".

People with POTS also have other symptoms of "orthostatic intolerance" (symptoms that get worse when a person is standing up, and get better when the person is lying down). These symptoms may include: 

Symptoms may get worse if a person with POTS:

POTS can be caused by many different things. Many of these causes are not well understood.

Some of the known causes of POTS include:

POTS is more common in:

There are many different treatments for the symptoms of POTS. Some of these treatments include:

No medications have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to treat POTS. However, sometimes doctors treat POTS with medications that:

Most people with POTS are able to get better with treatment. About 6 out of every 10 people with POTS is able to recover within 5 years of being diagnosed with POTS. About 9 out of every 10 people with POTS have some improvement with a combination of physical treatments and medicines. 

However, some people with POTS do not get better, and may even get worse over time.



Frederick County, Virginia

Frederick County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 91,419. Its county seat is Winchester. The county was formed in 1743 by the splitting of Orange County. It is Virginia's northernmost county.

Frederick County is included in the Winchester, VA-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The area that would become Frederick County, Virginia was populated by various indigenous peoples for thousands of years before European colonization. The "Indian Road" refers to a historic trail made by local tribes.

Frederick County was established in 1743 from parts of Orange County, Virginia. At that time, "Old Frederick County" encompassed all or part of four counties in present-day Virginia — Shenandoah, Clarke, Warren, and Frederick. It also included five in present-day West Virginia — Hardy, Hampshire, Berkeley, Jefferson and Morgan. The Virginia Assembly named the new county for Frederick Louis, Prince of Wales. He was the oldest son of King George II of Great Britain.

As Commander-in-Chief of the new Colonial Virginia regiment in 1754, Colonel George Washington's headquarters were located in Winchester before and during the French and Indian War. He resigned from military service in 1758. He was appointed a general by the Continental Congress sixteen years later. Meanwhile, Washington represented Frederick County in his first elective office, having been elected to the House of Burgesses in 1758 and 1761. Daniel Morgan was another famous general during the American Revolutionary War, from (present day Clarke County).

Winchester changed hands between the Confederate and Union Armies on average once every three weeks during the war. Many battles were fought in Frederick County. Some of those battles include:

The first constitution of West Virginia provided for Frederick County to be added to the new state if approved by a local election. Unlike those of neighboring Berkeley and Jefferson counties, Frederick County residents voted to remain in Virginia.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.5%) is water. This is the northernmost county in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

As of the census of 2000, there were 59,209 people, 22,097 households, and 16,727 families residing in the county. The population density was 143 people per square mile (55/km²). There were 23,319 housing units at an average density of 56/square mile (22/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 94.99% White, 2.62% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.66% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 1.01% from two or more races. 1.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 22,097 households out of which 36.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Another 62.50% were married couples living together, 8.80% had a female householder with no husband present. The remaining 24.30% were non-families. In addition, 19.20% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the county, the population was spread out with 26.40% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 31.90% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 100.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.70 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $46,941. The median income for a family was $52,281. Males had a median income of $35,705 versus $25,046 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,080. About 4.00% of families and 6.40% of the population were below the poverty line. This was including 7.30% of those under age 18 and 6.90% of those age 65 or over.

Orange County, Virginia

Orange County is a county in the central piedmont region of the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,254. Its county seat is Orange.

Orange County is home to "Montpelier", the estate of James Madison, the 4th President of the United States and "Father of the Constitution." The county celebrated its 275th anniversary in 2009.

The area was lived in for thousands of years by different cultures of Native Americans. At the time the Europeans came, the Ontponea, a sub-group of the Siouan-speaking Manahoac tribe, lived in this Piedmont area.

The first European settlement in what was to become Orange County was Germanna, formed when Governor Alexander Spotswood settled 12 immigrant families from Westphalia, Germany there in 1714. This was a total of 42 people. Orange County was created in August 1734 when the Virginia House of Burgesses adopted “An Act for Dividing Spotsylvania County.” Unlike other counties whose boundaries had ended at the Blue Ridge Mountains, Orange was bounded on the west “by the utmost limits of Virginia” which, at that time, stretched to the Mississippi River and the Great Lakes. The colony of Virginia claimed the land, but very little of it had yet been occupied by any English people. Orange County may have been at one time the largest county that ever existed. In 1738 most of the western area was split off into Augusta County. The large county was to encourage settlement further west to counter the French claim to the Ohio River Valley region.

While no battles of the American Revolutionary War were fought in Orange County, 100 men from the county were recruited to the Culpeper Minutemen. They fought in the Battle of Great Bridge, among other engagements.

The development of transportation, including several railroad routes, up through the mid-nineteenth century helped build a agricultural economy in Orange County. The final adjustment of the county’s boundaries occurred in 1838, when Greene County was created from the western portion of Orange. The Town of Orange was legally established in 1834 (officially becoming a town in 1872) and had already served as the county seat for nearly a century. The Town of Gordonsville officially became a town in 1870.

The county saw limited conflict during the Civil War. Most of the activity was centered around the towns of Orange and Gordonsville. The exceptions were the Battle of Mine Run and the Battle of the Wilderness in the eastern portion of the county. The Battle of the Wilderness was a significant turning point in the war. Following Virginia’s readmission to the Union in 1870, and with the loss of slave labor, the agricultural economy resumed with more emphasis on livestock and dairy farming. This was because these activities requiring less physical labor. The dominance of the railroad and the relative ease it offered in delivering goods to larger markets increased the livestock production in the county’s agricultural economy. Agriculture and manufacturing continued to expand into the twentieth century, with a peak of 1279 farms and 20 manufacturing companies located within the county as of 1929. A manufacturing survey produced during the Great Depression noted that Orange County’s economy remained relatively healthy due to its accessibility.

The significance of agriculture to Orange County’s history was great enough that the Commonwealth of Virginia set aside approximately in the western portion of the county as the Madison-Barbour Rural Historic District. The District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 and is the largest such district in Virginia. It includes James Madison’s Montpelier and James Barbour’s Barboursville mansion (designed by Thomas Jefferson, now in ruins). It includes other sites listed on the National Register.

Orange County’s population went up and down following the Civil War up through the 1930s. From that point forward, the population continued to grow steadily, representing an almost 300% increase through the 2010 Census.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.7%) is water. The terrain is made up of rolling hills, generally increasing in altitude and as they continue westward toward the Blue Ridge Mountains. The highest point is Cowherd Mountain at 1,196 ft (345 m), approximately 2.5 miles (4 km) northwest of Gordonsville.

Orange County lies within the watersheds of both the Rappahannock River and the York River Both of these drain into the Chesapeake Bay.







As of the census of 2010, there were 33,481 people, 12,895 households (14,616 total housing units), and 9,342 families residing in the county. The county experienced a population increase of 29%, or 7,600 people, since the 2000 census. This ties with Louisa County as the 11th fastest growing county in the state, and one of the fastest outside of Northern Virginia. The racial makeup of the county was 82.4% White, 12.7% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.4% from other races, and 2.4% from two or more races. 3.4% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

Out of the 12,895 households, 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. Out of the total number of households, 32.6% housed someone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.97.

The age distribution of the county's population was 22.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 10.7% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.6 years. For every 100 females there were 96 males.

The median income for a household in the county in 2010 was $56,837, and the median income for a family was $65,195. The per capita income for the county was $26,820 and approximately 11.5% of the population was below the poverty line. Orange County had the 9th longest mean travel time to work (37 minutes) out of 132 Virginia localities polled. The median home value was $238,500.

Ne Win

Ne Win was a Former Military Dictator of Burma, Burmese politician and military commander. He was President of Burma from 1962 to 1981. Before being President he was Prime Minister. Ne Win founded the Burma Socialist Programme Party in 1962.

On 2 March 1962 Ne Win overthrew the legitimate elected government led by U Nu in Burma. He became head of state as Chairman of the Union Revolutionary Council and also Prime Minister. His new government ended the constitution. They also removed the Burma parliament. In 1964 he made the Burma Socialist Programme Party the only political party in Burma.

On 2 March 1974, Ne Win ended the Revolutionary Council and made the Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma. He was elected president (not by people). Then he chose Brigadier General Sein Win as Prime Minister.

Wiggiswil

Wiggiswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hua Guofeng

Hua Guofeng (16 February 1921 – 20 August 2008) was a Chinese communist politician who serve as Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 7 October 1976 to 28 June 1981. He was chosen to lead by Mao Zedong.

Hua was born 16 February 1921 in Jiaocheng County, Shanxi, China. He was named Su Zhu. He died 20 August 2008 in Beijing, China.

On 6 October 1976, Hua ended the Cultural Revolution. He also had the Gang of Four arrested. In 1979 he visited leaders in Europe. He was the first Chinese leader to visit since 1949.

Sulz, Lucerne

Sulz was a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Arrondissement of Aubusson

The arrondissement of Aubusson is an arrondissement of France, in the Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Aubusson.

When the Creuse department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Aubusson was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Aubusson is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (37,123 inhabitants).

The "arrondissement" of Aubusson is the most southern "arrondissement" of the Creuse department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Allier department, to the east by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the south by the Corrèze department, to the west by the Haute-Vienne department and to the north by the "arrondissement" of Guéret.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Aubusson, only three cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": (Ahun, Bourganeuf, Gouzon). The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Aubusson has 118 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:

Buchrain, Switzerland

Buchrain is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Dierikon

Dierikon is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Barra do Bugres

Barra do Bugres is a city in Brazil, with about 30,000 people. It is located in the state of Mato Grosso Do Sul. It is located at the confluence of the Paraguay River and the Bugres River. Local economy is focused on agriculture. The city is about from the state capital, Cuiabá.

Arrondissement of Guéret

The arrondissement of Guéret is an arrondissement of France, in the Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Guéret.

When the Creuse department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Guéret was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Guéret is the largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (83,458 inhabitants).

The "arrondissement" of Guéret is the most northern "arrondissement" of the Creuse department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Cher department, to the east by the Allier department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Aubusson, to the west by the Haute-Vienne department and to the north by the Indre department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Guéret, only three cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": Ahun, Bourganeuf and Gouzon. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Guéret has 140 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Yosemite Decimal System

The Yosemite Decimal System (YDS) is a system that is used to rate the difficulty of walks, hikes, and climbs. The system has three parts. It is used mostly by mountaineers in the United States and Canada.

The YDS system divides all hikes and climbs into five classes.

Classes 1-3 are used mainly in hiking and trail running.

If a trail is rated Class 4, a person will have to do some simple climbing to get up the trail. There is a lot of natural protection on the trail (like parts of a rock wall that are easy to step on or grab onto.) Often, people use ropes for safety on Class 4 climbs, because falls from Class 4 climbs could easily kill a person.

The Class 5 part of the system is used mostly in rock climbing. A person needs to use a rope for safety when they climb a Class 5 climb. The person may use a belayer or other protection hardware for safety. If a person falls from a Class 5 climb without being attached to a safety rope, they can be very badly hurt or killed.

In Class 6 climbs, people use equipment to help them climb. This is called "aid climbing." In aid climbing, people do not climb directly on the rock. Instead, they climb using equipment placed into or onto the rock. Class 6 is no longer widely used. Today aid climbing uses a separate scale from A0 through A5.

Starting in the 1950s, Class 5 climbs were broken down into a decimal system. As of 2022, this system rates climbs from 5.0 to 5.15d. 5.0 is the easiest type of Class 5 climb. A 5.15d is the most difficult climb any human could do without using special equipment to help them climb. 

, only two climbs in the world were rated 5.15d. The first climb is called "Silence". Adam Ondra first climbed this route in September 2017. The second proposed 5.15d is "DNA". It was first climbed by Seb Bouin in April 2022. Neither climb has been repeated to confirm the grade.

The Sierra Club originally created the Class system in the 1930s. At that time, the system was called "the Sierra Club grading system." The Sierra Club's goal was to classify hikes and climbs in the Sierra Nevada, based on how difficult those hikes and climbs were.

At first, the Sierra Club grading system compared certain hikes and climbs to others. For example, they might rate Climb #3 as harder than Climb #1, but easier than Climb #2. If a person had never done Climbs #1 or #2, this did not help them. To make the system easier to use, the Sierra Club changed its system. It started to rate hikes and climbs by numbers. This was easier for people to learn and use.

Once it started classifying climbs by numbers, the Sierra Club started dividing the classes into decimals. For example, the difficulty of a Class 4.5 route would be halfway between a Class 4 and a Class 5.

In the 1950s, members of the Rock Climbing Section of the Sierra Club's Angeles Chapter divided Class 5 into Classes 5.0 to 5.9. At that time, people thought a 5.9 was the hardest climb a person could do.

In the 1960s, as people got better at rock climbing, and as rock climbing equipment got better, Class 5.9 climbs became easier for some people to do. Classes of 5.11, 5.12, and 5.13 were added to classify harder climbs.

Later, people realized that a 5.11 climb is much harder than a 5.10. Because of this, many climbs were classified as 5.10s, and some were much harder than others. To fix this problem, the system divided 5.10, 5.11, 5.12, and 5.13 climbs even further. They did this by adding the letters "a," "b," "c," and "d" to each grade. Within each Grade, "a" is the easiest and "d" is the hardest. For example, a 5.10a is the easiest possible 5.10 climb. A 5.10d is the hardest possible 5.10 climb.

Climbs are classified based on the hardest single move on the rock climbing route. For example, if just one move on a rock climbing route is difficult enough to qualify as a 5.10d, the entire route is classified as a 5.10d.

The YDS grade system is optional (it does not have to be used). It gives climbers information about how long a climb usually takes.

The grades are:


The Grade is mostly used in mountaineering and big wall climbing. It is not often used when talking about short rock climbs.

The YDS system also includes an optional protection rating. This rating tells the climber how much protection is available on the climbing route for an experienced, skilled lead climber. (In lead climbing, the rope is not fixed at the top of the route. Instead, the lead climber goes first and hooks the safety rope into special equipment every few feet on the way up.) 

When this rating system was created, the letter codes were the same as the American system for rating the content of movies:


The G and PG ratings are often left out, since they are typical of normal, everyday climbing. R and X ratings are normally used to warn lead climbers who do not realize how dangerous a climb is. 

There is some controversy (argument) over the exact definition of the YDS Classes. Some rock climbing experts have suggested updated versions of these classifications.

The YDS classes are subjective. This means they are based on individual opinions, not facts. Traditionally, the first person to do a climb gives the climb its classification number. Other climbers might not agree with that person's classification of the climb. There is no official group of people who agree on which climbs get which classifications. 

Climbs may be classified differently in indoor rock climbing gyms, and in different types of outdoor rock climbing. Climbs are also classified differently in different parts of the United States.

The Grade and Protection categories do not apply to every climb. Use of protection ratings vary greatly from area to area, and from guidebook to guidebook.

, there is no formula that climbers can use to plan climbs based on the average climbing speed, the climb's Grade, the distance of the climb, and how high up it goes.


Function (biology)

Function in biology is what a part of the body or cell does in relation to the whole. It is the reason some part or process occurred in a system which evolved by natural selection.

A similar definition is "the function of a component in an organism is the contribution it makes to that organism's fitness".

The term is used especially in physiology, in phrases like "the function of the kidneys is to excrete urea from the body" or "the function of the heart is to push blood around the body". It is incorrect to use the word 'purpose' instead of 'function', because the word 'purpose' implies forethought.

British princess

A British princess is a princess who has the title of a Princess of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. In Britain, the title "Princess" and the use of the style "Royal Highness" can only be used for these persons:


Queen Elizabeth II issued Letters Patent dated 21 August 1996 stating that any woman divorced from a Prince of the United Kingdom would no longer be entitled to the style "Royal Highness". This has so far applied to Diana, Princess of Wales, and Sarah, Duchess of York.

Amar Singh (cricketer)

Ladhabhai Nakum Amar Singh (4 December 1910 – 21 May 1940) was an Indian cricketer. His full name was Ladhabhai Nakum Amar Singh Lodha. He was a right arm fast bowler and an effective lower order batsman. Amar Singh was the first Indian to receive a Test cap. He was born in Rajkot, Gujarat on 4 December 1910.

Amar Singh played for the Indian cricket team, Hindus cricket team and various teams in the first class cricket matches. He took 28 wickets and scored 292 runs in 7 Test cricket matches, playing for the Indian cricket team.

Amar Singh died due to typhoid on May 21 1940 in Jamnagar, Gujarat.

Pietro Martorana

Pietro Martorana (1705 – 1759), was an Italian painter. He was a member of a family of artists from Palermo. He was one of the main representatives of the classic late Baroque painting in Sicily.
Martorana painted frescos in Palermo in the churches of Santa Rosalia, St. Chiara and St. Carlo. With Olivio Sozzi. He decorated the palace of Michele Gravina Branciforte, prince of Butera in Palermo.


Siad Barre

Mohamed Siad Barre was the President of the Somali Democratic Republic from 1969 to 1991.

In 1969 President Abdirashid Ali Shermarke was assassinated. The military took power of the government. Major General Barre became the leader of the country. The new government used a form of socialism called scientific socialism. The country was renamed to the Somali Democratic Republic.

In 1991 Somalia had a civil war. Barre was removed as the leader. He tried to take back the city of Mogadishu but lost. He then went into exile. Barre died on 2 January 1995.

Roger Binny

Binny's batting style is right arm batting. He bowling style is right arm fast bowling.

Binny's son Stuart Binny plays for an Indian cricket team. Roger Binny scored 830 runs in test cricket and 629 runs in One Day International matches. He took 47 wickets in test cricket and 77 wickets in One Day International matches.

Mohammad Mosaddegh

Mohammad Mosaddegh was an Iranian politician. He was elected Prime Minister of Iran from 1951 until 1953. He was also an author, administrator, lawyer, and parliamentarian.

On 19 August 1953 Mosaddegh was removed from office by the American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and Britain's MI6. This was called Operation Ajax in the West. In Iran it is called the "28 Mordad 1332" coup . The change in power was one reason for the Iranian Revolution in 1979.

Mosaddegh was named man of the year in 1951 by "Time" magazine. He remains one of the most popular people in Iranian history.

First Battle of Kernstown

The First Battle of Kernstown was fought on March 23, 1862, in Frederick County and Winchester, Virginia during the American Civil War. Confederate General Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson's Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1862 was generally a success. However, the First Battle of Kernstown was one his few defeats. 

At the beginning of 1862, President Abraham Lincoln wanted his generals to attack in force against the Confederacy. McClellan was massing his army for his Peninsula Campaign with the goal of capturing the Confederate capital of Richmond and ending the war. To do this McClellan had to weaken his forces protecting Washington, D.C.. This left only two Union forces to protect Washington. Besides Banks in the Shenandoah Valley, General Irwin McDowell had forces in Northern Virginia. Banks was to clear the Shenandoah Valley of Confederate forces then move up towards Washington so McDowell's force of 30,000 to move against Richmond from the north. Banks left General James Shields with a force of about 9,000 in the Valley while he would move east to Manassas, Virginia, to be closer to Washington, D.C.

Stonewall Jackson was given the task of keeping the Federal Army busy in the Valley so they could not join McClellan. Jackson's cavalry commander, Colonel Turner Ashby, learned that part of the Union forces were leaving the valley and only a small force remained. 

Jackson gave Ashby permission to attack while he moved the remainder of his forces up to join Ashby. Unfortunately, Ashley's information was bad. While the Confederates thought they were attacking only four regiments (totalling about 3,000 men), there were actually about three times that number of Union soldiers. The remaining Union troops remained out of sight during the skirmish. General Shields was wounded in the fighting and turned command of the Union division over to Colonel Nathan Kimball.

At about nine o'clock on the morning of March 23, Ashby's cavalry attacked. Kimball was not certain if this was another skirmish or the start of a battle. But just in case, he placed his forces in a strong defensive position on Pritchard Hill. He placed his artillery there as well. On seeing this, Jackson concentrated his artillery on Sandy Ridge, west of Prichard Hill. At about three-thirty, Jackson could see from Sandy Ridge that what he thought was a small Union force was actually much bigger. Jackson told one of his officers "We are in for it."

Kimball, believing he was up against a much larger Confederate force, decided to silence the Confederate guns on Sandy Ridge. His attack was met with strong resistance from the Confederates and the battle soon became a stalemate. Jackson kept sending in more Confederate troops, but he could not drive the Union line back. Kimball still had fresh reserves he could send into the battle. By six o'clock the Confederates were running low on ammunition and were nearly exhausted. When one of his brigades ran out of ammunition completely, they had to withdraw from the battle. The Union army attacked through the gap they left and Jackson's entire force had to quickly retreat.


Jan Sokol

Jan Sokol (18 April 1936 – 16 February 2021) was a Czech philosopher, translator and politician. He was son of architect Jan Sokol. He was a member of parliament from 1990 to 1992. He was minister of education from January to July 1998. In 2003, he was candidate for President of the Czech Republic. He was a member of Charles University faculty.

Sokol died on 16 February 2021, aged 84.


Anastasio Somoza Debayle

Anastasio "Tachito" Somoza DeBayle was officially the 73rd and 76th President of Nicaragua. As the leader of Nicaragua's military he was really the leader of the country from 1967 to 1979.

Many people did not like Somoza as a leader. A group called the Sandinista National Liberation Front wanted to make Nicaragua a better country. They had support from inside and outside the country. In 1975 Somoza Debayle tried to stop the Sandinistas and anyone in Nicaragua who supported them. The Soviet Union and Cuba were giving the Sandinistas money to keep fighting the Somoza family. In 1979 the United States stopped supporting Somoza.

On 17 July 1979 Somoza quit the presidency. He fled to Miami but U.S. President Jimmy Carter would not allow him to enter the country. Somoza then went to Paraguay. 

On 17 September 1980 the Sandinistas assassinated Somoza DeBayle.

Autism Speaks

Autism speaks was founded in February 2005 by Bob and Suzanne Wright. Their earlier groups were Cure Autism Now (founded in 1995) and the National Alliance for Autism Research (founded in 1994).

Autism Speaks is a controversial network. It used to view autism as a disease -- which caused controversy in the autistic community.

Aubusson, Creuse

Aubusson (Occitan auvergnat: "Le Buçon", formerly "Aubuçon") is a commune of the Creuse department in central France, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

In 1790, when the departments were created, Aubusson was named as district of the Creuse department and an "arrondissement" in 1800.

The "commune" of Aubusson is in the southern part of the department, at the confluence of the Creuse river and its tributary the Beauze river. The city is at the northeastern end of the Millevaches plateau.

It has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Aubusson is at about from Bordeaux, at from Toulouse, at from Paris and at from Lyon.

The "communes" that are around Aubusson are Blessac, Alleyrat, Saint-Maixant, Saint-Amand, Saint-Alpinien , Saint-Pardoux-le-Neuf, Moutier-Rozeille, Saint-Quentin-la-Chabanne and Saint-Marc-à-Frongier.
Aubusson has an oceanic climate with relatively hot summers, mild winters and abundant rainfall, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The inhabitants of Aubusson are known, in French, as "Aubussonnais" (women: "Aubussonnaises").

The "commune" of Aubusson has a population, in 2014, of 3,591; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Aubusson

Aubusson forms the urban area of Aubusson with a population of 3,679 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Aubusson, formed by 9 "communes" with a population of 6,386 inhabitants and an area of .

Aubusson is the subprefecture of the Creuse department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Aubusson and the administrative centre () of the canton of Aubusson, with 9,437 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Creuse Grand Sud" ().

Aubusson is well known for its tapestry and carpets, which have been famous throughout the world since the 14th century. Its origins were born with the arrival of weavers from Flanders, who moved to Aubusson around 1580. There is a famous collection of Aubusson tapestries at Vallon-Pont-d'Arc.



Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement

Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement (Agro ParisTech, Paris Institute of Technology for Life, Food and Environmental Sciences) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students of many nationalities participate to the different curricula at Agro ParisTech.

Research activities at Agro ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Tiger Electronics

Tiger Electronics is an American toy manufacturer which was founded in 1979. It makes entertainment products for children. Tiger is based in Vernon Hills, Illinois. In 1998, Tiger Electronics, Ltd., became a subsidiary of the toy manufacturer Hasbro. Tiger Electronics is probably best known for Furby toys, Giga Pets and the Game.com handheld game console.

First Battle of Winchester

The First Battle of Winchester was fought on May 25, 1862, in and around Frederick County and Winchester, Virginia during the American Civil War. The battle was a victory in Confederate Army Major General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson's Campaign through the Shenandoah Valley. Jackson enveloped the right flank of the Union Army under Major General Nathaniel P. Banks. The Union forces retreated across the Potomac River into Maryland. Due to confusion among Confederate commanders, Jackson was unable to pursue Banks into Maryland.

At the beginning of 1862, President Abraham Lincoln wanted his generals to attack in force against the Confederacy. Major General George B. McClellan was massing his army for his Peninsula Campaign with the goal of capturing the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia and ending the war. To do this McClellan had to weaken his forces protecting Washington, D.C.. This left only two Union forces to protect Washington. Besides Banks in the Shenandoah Valley, General Irwin McDowell had forces in Northern Virginia. Banks was to clear the Shenandoah Valley of Confederate forces, then move up towards Washington so McDowell's force of 30,000 could move against Richmond from the north. 

Confederate General Stonewall Jackson was given the task of keeping the Federal Army busy in the Valley so they could not join McClellan. Jackson was defeated at the First Battle of Kernstown on March 23, 1862. In spite of the loss, Jackson did gain a strategic victory. It kept Banks in the Valley and prevented McDowell from sending troops to McClellan's Peninsula Campaign.

On April 17, the weather cleared and Banks started moving south towards Harrisonburg. At about this time the strategic situation changed for the Confederacy. General Joseph E. Johnston had moved to the Peninsula taking 55,000 Confederate soldiers to defend against McClellan's 110,000 troops. Confederate general Richard S. Ewell's division was now between Johnson on the Peninsula and Jackson in the Valley and could support either as the need arose. So Jackson no longer needed to keep Union forces in the Valley from joining McClellan, he now wanted to force them out of the Shenandoah Valley completely.

On April 25, Banks' Union force occupied Harrisonburg. Jackson withdrew to Swift Run Gap (about 20 miles East of Harrisonburg). This put him in a position to outflank Banks if the Union forces moved any further south and allowed him to stay in contact with Ewell's Confederate division if he needed support. Meanwhile a Union brigade under Robert H. Milroy was at the village of McDowell, Virginia which threatened Jackson's supply depot at Staunton. Jackson left Ewell at Swift Run Gap to move against Milroy. 

On May 8, Jackson's forces attacked Milroy's Union forces at McDowell. It was a Union tactical victory because the Union forces had fewer casualties than Jackson's forces. But it was a strategic victory for Jackson because the Union forces withdrew back across the Allegheny Mountains ending the threat. Jackson returned to the Shenandoah Valley and decided that his and Ewell's command would now deal with Banks. In turn, Banks anticipated Jackson's move and asked permission to leave Strasburg and move north, but it was denied. Earlier, on May 1, Lincoln had ordered one of Banks' divisions to join the Union forces at Fredericksburg under General McDowell. This weakened Banks's forces but he believed Jackson had left the Valley. On learning Milroy had been driven back at McDowell, Banks sent his 1st Maryland Infantry division to Front Royal, Virginia (about 12 miles to the east) to protect his left flank.

Jackson had intended to move against Banks at Strasburg. But when he learned there were Union infantry at Front Royal, he decided to attack there first. On May 23, at the Battle of Front Royal, Jackson's Confederates captured the town of Front Royal, along with most of the 900 Union soldiers who defended it. Realizing Jackson was now on his flank and he had no support at Front Royal, on May 24 Banks retreated to Winchester. Because of the good protection provided by his rearguard and poor communications between Jackson and Ewell, Banks was able to reach Winchester with minimal losses.

When Banks arrived at Winchester, he started organizing his defenses. On May 25, Jackson's first attack was thrown back. Ewell approached Winchester from the southwest with his division and attacked Camp Hill (now Overlook Park in the southeastern part of Winchester). At the same time Jackson's Louisiana Brigade outflanked, then overran the Union position on Bower's Hill (southwestern part of Winchester). With their flanks broken, the Union troops began a disorganized retreat through the city of Winchester. Even citizens of Winchester fired on the Union soldiers. Banks retreated across the Potomac River back into Maryland. This was the decisive victory for Jackson's Valley Campaign.

Jackson lost about 68 killed and 329 wounded. Banks Union casualties were approximately 62 killed, 243 wounded and over 1,700 captured or missing. 

Jackson's infantry was too tired to keep up with the retreating Union soldiers. His cavalry, led by Colonel Turner Ashby, was completely useless. They had started looting the abandoned and damaged Union wagons for supplies and had broken off from fighting. Confederate General J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry was attached to Ewell's forces. But they could not be found in time. Once they were located, Stuart refused Jackson's order and waited for the order to come through Ewell. Jackson won a victory at Winchester, but could not finish off his enemy.

The defeat of Banks caused great concern in Washington. President Lincoln ordered McDowell to send 20,000 men to help deal with the situation in the Shenandoah Valley. These were troops McClellan needed in his Peninsula Campaign. For the next few weeks, Jackson continued to defeat Union efforts at the Battles of Cross Keys and Port Republic in June 1862. 

Akasaka Station

Akasaka Station (赤坂駅,あかさかえき) is a railway station of Tokyo Metro in Tokyo, Japan.


List of language regulators

This is a list of language regulators - organisations which guard the evolution of a language.

Cordillera Department

The Cordillera department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Caacupé. Its code is PY-03.

The Cordillera department is in the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , the largest of the "Oriental" region, with a population of 282,981 for a population density of .


The main river in the department, and of Paraguay, is the Paraguay that makes the western border of the department.

The main lake is the "Ypacaraí".

The department is divided in 20 districts:



Zhao Ziyang

Zhao Ziyang was a high-ranking politician in China. He was the Premier of the People's Republic of China from 1980 to 1987, Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1981 to 1982 and General Secretary of the Communist Party of China from 1987 to 1989.

Zhao did not like Maoist policies. He received support from Deng Xiaoping after the Cultural Revolution. Zhao tried to stop corruption and to make general market economic changes. His views made him unpopular with important leaders including Premier Li Peng, former President Li Xiannian and Party elder Chen Yun. After the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 Zhao was not allowed to be a politician. He was placed under house arrest.

Nikolai Ryzhkov

Nikolai Ivanovich Ryzhkov (28 September 1929 – 28 February 2024) was a former Soviet politician who served as the Premier of the Soviet Union during Mikhail Gorbachev's Rule from 1985 to 1991. He became a Russian politician after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Ryzhkov was Boris Yeltsin's leading opponent in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) 1991 presidential election.

Ryzhkov was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour twice, the Order of the October Revolution in 1971, the Order of Lenin twice, and the Order of Merit for the Fatherland, 4th class. He was named a National Hero of Armenia.

In March 2014, after the Crimean crisis, Ryzhkov was sanctioned by both the European Union and United States.

Marga Marga Province

Marga Marga Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). The city of Quilpué is the capital of the province.

The province of Marga Marga was created in 2010 with 2 communes of the Valparaíso province, Quilpué and Villa Alemana, and 2 communes of the province of Quillota, Limache and Olmué.

The Marga Marga province has an area of , the sixth largest province in the Valparaíso region; only the Quillota and Isla de Pascua provinces are smaller.

Marga Marga is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the north by the Quillota province, on the east and south by Santiago Metropolitan region, and to the west by the Valparaíso province.

 (last national census), there were 277,525 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Quilpué, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 128,578 inhabitants. Other cities are Villa Alemana (95,623), Limache (39,219) and Olmué (14,105).

As a province, Marga Marga is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Quilpué serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Missal

In the western-rite Church, the term Missal is used for a text that describes the different types of Mass there are, as well as how to celebrate a given type Mass. Pope Pius V published the first missal for the Roman Catholic Church 1570.

Wilderswil

Wilderswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


American Civil War casualties

American Civil War casualties are those soldiers, both Union and Confederate, who died, were wounded, went missing or were captured. The American Civil War was the nation's bloodiest war. The violence in battles such as Shiloh, Antietam, Stones River and Gettysburg shocked everyone in the country, both North and South. It also shocked international observers. Of those who died, by far the leading cause of death was disease. The exact number of dead will never be known with any certainty. All Civil War casualty numbers are estimates, no matter what the source. For over a hundred years the total number of dead has been accepted by most historians as 618,222, generally rounded off to 620,000. Newer estimates have put the number at about 750,000 or about 20% higher than previously approximated.

In 1860, no one expected any armed conflict would come from the Southern states secession from the Union. Or, if it did, it would be brief and mostly for show purposes. Southerners did not believe the North would mobilize an army against them. The U.S. Senator from South Carolina made the statement he would drink all the blood shed over the South declaring their independence from the Union. Then, as it became apparent that it would become a military confrontation, both sides believed it would not last very long. In 1861, when the Union Army entered the First Battle of Bull Run, they thought a quick victory would bring an end to the war. After the Union loss at Bull Run, the Confederates thought the Union would simply give up the idea re-uniting the North and South. Both were wrong.

During the 1850s there were a number of improvements in weapons, especially rifles. During the Civil War, both armies were equipped with rifles that could shoot farther, could reload faster and were much more accurate than the muskets used in the Mexican–American War. Yet the same military tactics were being used as the earlier war; close formations of men firing in volleys. The new rifles combined with obsolete tactics were responsible for up to 90% of all deaths in battle.

Death was only one of several ways a soldier could be listed as a casualty. During the Civil War a casualty was any soldier who could not perform his duties. This could be for any reason including being sick, wounded, captured, missing or killed. A single soldier could be listed as a casualty several times during the war.

The mid-nineteenth century attitudes towards death and dying for a noble cause were considerably different than modern thinking. Men saw going to war as a chance for glory and honor. They thought that giving one's life for their country or cause was the highest calling. But dying of disease was considered a horrible way to die and most feared it more than dying in battle. War was presented to soldiers as a way to die "for God and country". It represented both Christian and nationalist reasons for going to war. As most were Christians, they were far better prepared to die than to kill. American society in general, and soldiers in particular, believed in the "ars moriendi" (the art of dying) or the "good death." These attitudes left soldiers to believe that a good death was glorious and at the same time a last act of redemption. Also, by dying well a person showed others how to die well.

Another factor which contributed to the high death tolls was the status of medical care at the beginning of the Civil War. In 1861, medical knowledge, diagnostic procedures, equipment, and treatment protocols were very crude by modern standards. Because doctors were often unaware of what caused the diseases they were encountering, and because medical hygiene practices were poor compared with those practiced today, physicians often could do very little to treat their patients; in many cases, they even hastened soldiers' deaths by failing to wash their hands and instruments before moving from one patient to the next - simple protocols which did not begin to take hold until later in the war through the pioneering military medical management efforts of William A. Hammond and Jonathan Letterman. As a result, at times, a physician's treatment of wounds, infections and diseases did more harm than good.

In addition, camp hygiene was extremely poor. Inadequate sanitation facilities, and the lack of shelter, clothing, shoes and food, as well as contaminated water contributed to high death rates in the camps. Diarrhea and dysentery became the leading causes of death with casualty figures showing that roughly twice as many soldiers died from disease as from the most frequent type of battle injury - the gunshot wound (shown in Latin terminology on military medical records as "Vulnus Sclopet").

Other ailments which affected Civil War soldiers included:
Soldiers who were captured by the enemy and held as prisoners of war (POWs) were, in a significant number of instances, housed in such miserable conditions that they faced a higher likelihood of contracting and succumbing to one of the medical conditions shown above; starvation also became a problem in POW camps as more soldiers were captured in battle and food shortages widened.

Even healthcare practitioners were not immune; nurses were particularly at risk of catching diseases from the soldiers they tended.

As many as half of the men killed in battle were not identified when they were buried. The records kept by each company were designed to keep track of how many men were in each unit, not to keep track of each soldier. Confederate military records are much fewer than Union records. When Richmond fell in 1865, records were destroyed, shipped south or left behind. Some of the records were kept by the Union Army and sent to the War Department in Washington, D.C.. The Adjutant General started a bureau for the “collection, safekeeping, and publication of Rebel Archives” in July of 1865. In 1903, the Secretary of War made an appeal to Southern Governors to lend the War Department any Confederate Army records in their possession so they could be copied.

Since about 1900, historians have quoted the numbers produced by Thomas L. Livermore of 618,222 Confederate and Union deaths during the war. Livermore's number was based on incomplete battle reports. It also made a crude guess as to how many died from disease and other causes. His book was titled "Numbers and Losses in the Civil War in America, 1861-65."

Before Livermore, another Civil War veteran, William F. Fox, compiled his estimate the hard way. He went over every muster list, battlefield record and pension record he could find. In 1889 he wrote "Regimental Losses in the American Civil War, 1861-1865". Fox came up with the round number of 94,000 dead. In addition to the number, Fox contributed information on the average Union soldier. For example, that he averaged 5 feet 8 ¼ inches tall and weighed 143 ½ pounds.

Interestingly, before Fox or Livermore, the superintendent of the1870 United States Census, Francis A. Walker, had estimated the number of male deaths to be “not less than 850,000.” But this was not as widely accepted as the lower numbers. Probably the main reason was that the census itself that year was suspected of being wrong. Walker's estimate was based on calculating a typical growth in population which had been consistent during the nineteenth century, minus the number of males who were missing from the census.

Many historians are beginning to accept that the earlier death estimates were probably far too low. A demographic historian from New York's Binghamton University, J. David Hacker, has made a new calculation of Civil War deaths which is about 20% higher. The new estimate is 750,000 deaths and is based on digitized nineteenth century census data. The population of the United States in 1860 was just under 31.5 million. Approximately 2,000,000 men served in the Union forces while about 750,000 served in the Confederacy. About 75% of soldiers were born in America. Of the remaining 25% who were foreign born, many did not appear in any census records prior to the Civil War.

Amputation was by far the most common surgery in the Civil War. During the war it is estimated that about 60,000 surgeries were performed. Of these, nearly 75% were amputations. There were several reasons why amputation was the main procedure. Bullet wounds made by the slow moving Minié ball caused major damage. They often shattered bones beyond repair. Another reason was to prevent gangrene and other complications. Men often lay unattended for a day or more before being brought to a surgeon. Perhaps the most important reason was that medics had too many wounded men and very little time to reconstruct damaged body parts. Lastly, if a man was wounded in the head, stomach or chest, he rarely lived long enough to be taken to a field hospital.

Until the war, most American doctors had never seen wounds like these. Most only had experience in lancing boils or pulling teeth. Doctors knew very little about germs and bacteria. Bandages were used over and over again on different men without washing or disinfecting them first. By modern standards the operations were crude, even brutal. Soldiers called medics "butchers" and they feared amputations more than anything else. To avoid losing a limb and the painful operation, some soldiers and officers went so far as to try to treat their wounds themselves.

Where the wound was located on a limb affected the soldier's ability to survive after the Surgery. The closer a wound was to the body the higher the mortality rate. For example, Confederate General John Bell Hood was wounded in the leg at the Battle of Chickamauga. His leg was amputated just over from his hip. This type of hip operation had an 83% mortality rate. Hood was among the 17% who survived. Arm wounds had a lower mortality rate of 24%. But Stonewall Jackson did not long survive the loss of his arm. The amputation process itself was done quickly. A cut was made around the arm or leg. Then the bone was sawed through. Nerves were pulled out as far as possible then cut off. The bloody stump was often left to heal by itself or a flap of skin was sewn over the stump. The surgeon had to move quickly to keep the patient from losing too much blood or going into shock. A leg amputation at the knee could be done in three minutes. In most cases anesthesia was used.

Men who survived an amputation needed to return to their work after the war. They needed a prosthesis to replace a missing arm or leg. In the case of North Carolina, it was the first of the former Confederate states to provide artificial legs to its veterans who needed them. In 1866, they passed a law providing artificial legs to their veterans. For those who could not use an artificial leg, the veteran amputee was given $70. North Carolina took care of 1,550 veterans who applied for help.


Tuncay Şanlı

Tuncay Şanlı (born 16 January 1982) is a former Turkish football player. He has played for Turkey national team.

Marko Podraščanin

Marko Podraščanin () (born 29 August 1987) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team and Italian club Sir Safety Umbria Perugia. He has participated in two Olympic Games (Beijing 2008, London 2012), and is a bronze medalist of the World Championship 2010.


Andrea Sartoretti

Andrea Sartoretti (born June 19, 1971) is an Italian former volleyball player. He has won two silver medals and a bronze medal in three Olympic Games between 1996 and 2004.


Earvin N'Gapeth

Earvin N'Gapeth (born 12 February 1991) is a French volleyball player, a member of French national volleyball team and Italian club Modena. Ngapeth winner 2015 European Champion, a gold medalist of the 2015 World League, French Champion (2010), Italian Champion (2016).


North Chungcheong Province

North Chungcheong Province, or Chungcheongbuk-do ( ]), is a province in the centre of South Korea. It was formed in 1896 from the northeastern half of the former Chungcheong province. The provincial capital is Cheongju.

Port of Amsterdam

The Port of Amsterdam is a port located in the city of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands. Looking at the amount of cargo shipped, the port is the 4th most important in Europe. The port was created in the 13th century. It was one of the main ports of the Dutch East India Company, in the 17th century. Today, it is the second largest port in the Netherlands, after the port of Rotterdam. The North Sea Canal connects the port to the North Sea. The port of Amsterdam is mostly used for bulk cargo. In 2013, about 95 million tons of goods passed through one of the ports in Amsterdam. 79 millon tons of these were bulk cargo. About 60.000 people work in the port.

Khalji dynasty

The Khalji dynasty was a Muslim dynasty of Turkic origin. It ruled large parts of South Asia between 1290 and 1320. It covered Eastern Pakistan and much of present-day India.

Larry Roberts (actor)

Lawrence Saltzman (September 28, 1926 – July 17, 1992), also known as Larry Roberts, was an American actor and comedian. He was best known for his role of playing the voice of Tramp in the 1955 Disney movie "Lady and the Tramp". He was also well known for his roles in the 1950s TV series "Lights, Camera, Action!".


Bulk cargo

Bulk cargo is a type of cargo that is carried in big amounts. Bulk cargo can be gases, liquids, coal, and wheat.

Sepoy

A sepoy was an Indian footsoldier (of whatever religion) in the East India Company army or the British Indian Army. The term comes from the Persian language "Sipahi". The term "sipahi" was also used for cavalry soldiers in the army of the Seljuks and the Ottomans.

In the modern Indian Army, Pakistan Army, Bangladesh Army and Nepalese Army, it is still used for the rank of private soldier.

Vicente Martín y Soler

Vicente Martín y Soler (2 May 1754 – 30 January 1806) was a composer from Spain. He wrote many operas and ballets.

He was born in Valencia, a city in Spain. He studied music in Bologna in Italy. His teacher in Bologna was Giovanni Battista Martini. His first opera was "Il tutore burlato". It was performed in Madrid in 1775. Then he went to Italy. He worked as a composer for the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples from 1777 to 1785. Then he moved to Vienna in Austria. His operas in Vienna had much success. In 1788 Catherine the Great, the Empress of Russia, invited him to work for her. In Russia he wrote more operas and ballets. They were performed in the Empress's theater in Saint Petersburg. Martín y Soler died in Saint Petersburg.

Martín y Soler's most important operas were:

Les Rodanes

Les Rodanes is a natural reserve in Valencian Community, Spain located into the municipal boundary of Vilamarxant, Valencia province. The territory occupies an area of .

In 2002 was stated as nature reserve into the municipal boundary of Vilamarxant, Camp del Turia. It's located few kilometers at south of the River Turia. It has an area of 582,47 ha.

Its geology is formed by sandstones and argillites.

This place is the habitat of around 50 bird species as "Buteo buteo", "Falco tinnunculus", "Tyto alba", "Strigidae", "Athene noctua" and mammals as "Mustela nivalis", "Vulpini" and "Sus scrofa".

Generalitat Valenciana - Paraje Natural Municipal "Les Rodanes" (Valencian)

Arrondissements of the Indre department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Indre department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Indre are:

Since its creation, the Indre department has had some changes:


Field hospital

A field hospital is a small mobile medical facility that takes care of casualties close to the battlefield, or in case of disasters, the scene of the natural or man-made catastrophe. The World Health Organization gives the definition of a field hospital as: "a mobile, self-contained, self-sufficient health care facility capable of rapid deployment and expansion or contraction to meet immediate emergency requirements for a specified period of time". The treatment of wounds received in war is an ancient art. The term "field hospital" is most often used as a military term.

It has been the custom of removing wounded soldiers from the battlefield and caring for them since ancient times. They were taken to temporary shelters and given what care was customary for that time period.

In Homer's Iliad, it makes brief mention of Machaon and Podalirius. These are the earliest mention in literature of field surgeons who helped fallen soldiers. The Greeks and Romans were known to use nearby houses, stables and temples as field hospitals to care for wounded soldiers. Even then, Romans understood drainage and sewage systems helped keep field hospitals clean and get injured soldiers back to health again.

Among the men returning from the Crusades were many lame, blind and sick who needed care. The Church set up Religious orders to care for the sick and injured. One group who provided this care was called the Knights Hospitallers. They had set up field hospitals at Jerusalem and Acre from 1120 to 1291.

Medieval Spain was fairly advanced in field medicine. When Spanish armies went on campaigns, medics and surgeons went with them. During the 13th century, hospitals followed the Arabic pattern of orgainzing patients into different areas based on sex, type of disease or injuries. During the Conquest of Granada, when Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile expelled the Moors from Northern Spain, Queen Isabella had established ambulances and field hospitals for her soldiers.

Near the end of the 18th century, France began paying closer attention to the poor condition of its hospitals. In Paris, the Hôtel Dieu was full of disease and vermin. It had about 1,220 beds and up to six patients shared a bed. Others lay in halls on piles of straw in extremely dirty conditions. When doctors came to visit in the morning, they had to hold sponges dipped in vinegar over their faces because of the bad smell. The Hôtel-Dieu was not a military hospital, but was typical of most hospitals at the time. In 1788, the French Academy of Sciences made several recommendations to make hospitals cleaner and have better ventilation. It laid out the size the rooms should be, that they should contain 34 to 36 beds and have floor to ceiling windows. The committee borrowed several ideas from visiting England and seeing hospitals there.

Field hospitals during the Napoleonic era were crude by modern standards. There was still no knowledge of hygiene, antibiotics had not yet been discovered and amputation was the most common treatment for battlefield wounds. Soldiers sometimes waited for days to be removed from the battlefield. The wounded had no water or food, and flies would plague them as they lay there bleeding. Many died from infection before getting medical help. If they were removed, they were sent to makeshift surgical facilities where overworked surgeons did the best they could. In a "field hospital" they had to endure amputations with no anesthetic. Officers were sometimes offered rum or brandy while regular soldiers were given a piece of wood to bite down on. The prospects for surviving their wounds were dim.

By 1861, medical knowledge and equipment still had far to go. Treating wounds, infections and diseases often did more harm than good. Doctors did not understand what caused infections and could do very little to treat them. Estimates are that twice as many soldiers died from disease as died from gunshot wounds. Camp hygiene was extremely poor. Sanitation facilities, the lack of shelter, clothing, shoes and food all contributed to high death rates in the camps. Prisoners of war lived under the most miserable conditions. Dysentery was extremely common in most camps because of poor sanitation and contaminated water. Doctors did not wash instruments or their hands as they moved from patient to patient. Nurses who tended the sick risked catching the diseases themselves. With the crude state of medicine at the time, most diseases could be fatal. While medical knowledge and conditions gradually improved during the war, it still wasn't enough to save thousands of lost lives.

In World War I, the U.S. Army used "evacuation hospitals" (called "evacs") which were a part of getting them care as soon as possible. Stretcher bearers were medical soldiers who carried the wounded off the field. They were first brought to the Battalion Aid Station. Here medics gave basic first aid. For any more serious treatment stretcher bearers and ambulances took the wounded to a field hospital. At the field hospital, they went through triage which was a process of sorting out patients by how serious and life-threatening their wounds were. Soldiers who were exposed to poison gas were treated at specially equipped hospitals. After triage, they were taken by ambulance to the evacuation hospitals. There they received surgery and would stay there while they got better. After the evac hospital, they went to base hospitals where they could receive more care and rest. World War I was the first time the army experimented with mobile hospitals.

During World War II, allied field hospitals were mobile. They usually held about 400 beds while the more stationary evacuation hospitals could be 400 or 750 bed hospitals. The mobile hospitals would arrive within days after an invasion and would move with the armies, always remaining a few miles behind the front lines. They usually used canvas tents but would also use any buildings in the area when available. When the field hospital was about to move, they stopped accepting casualties and sent those they had to other field hospitals. They then packed their tents and equipment onto trucks and moved to the new location. Within a few hours they were ready to accept wounded soldiers again.
The World War II German field hospitals were very similar to those of the U.S. Army. But the Germans differed in their triage procedures were different. Their first aid was given at a "verwundetennest" by army medics (not doctors). This consisted of using bandages and/or splints and were located very close to if not on the battlefield. They were then sent to the "truppenverbandplatz" (aid station) where they were seen by a doctor. After this patients who were stabilized were sent to a "hauptverbandplatz" (clearing station). This was located about from the front and usually had two doctors (but more were added as needed). They had a staff that could take care of about 200 patients (more staff was added if necessary). If the soldier had an abdomenal or other serious wound, they were given surgery here. Then, after the most serious were taken care of, any less serious wounds that needed surgery were taken care of. For those who had severe bone fractures, brain injuries or chest wounds, they were sent to a military hospital called a "kriegslazarett".

In the United States, there are more than 75 military hospitals and 461 clinics who see both military personnel and their families. In times of emergency, they see civilian patients. Another example is Israel. The Israel Defense Forces can set up a field hospital within 12 hours of arriving when local hospitals are either overwhelmed or are not functioning. These are two examples of modern military field hospitals serving a dual purpose.

For countries affected by natural disasters, many (in the Americas at least) have most of the supplies they need already in the country. This is contrary to what the news media often reports. Ironically, this causes many well-meaning people to send donations to places where they may not be drastically needed. Also, field hospitals that are already in the country can usually be set up much faster than waiting on other countries to send field hospitals. For those countries who do not have these resources, one of the items highest on their list of things to have in case of emergency are field hospitals.

Modern field hospitals have changed from canvas tents to modern, well-equipped health care centers. While many are still made of fabric, they are specifically designed to be clean, safe and comfortable shelters. They are highly mobile and may be found in nearly all parts of the world. They range in size from small single room shelters to fully equipped hospitals with 200 or more beds. They provide all kinds of necessary medical care. Modern field hospitals may have emergency rooms (ER), intensive care unit (ICU) and outpatient clinics. They provide all areas of needed health care from first aid to psychological care to preventive healthcare.

Often, international disaster responses are limited by politics more than availability of equipment and personnel. The affected country, international relief organizations (e.g. the United Nations), non-profit organizations or the country providing the emergency relief often cause delays or otherwise limit the providing of emergency medical facilities. All too often the needs of that organization or government come first. Ideally, the situations should be quickly evaluated to determine what help is needed by those trained to do so. Then, the response should be based on humanitarian needs and not political considerations.

Under international humanitarian law hospitals of any kind have a special protected status. To deliberately attack a hospital or any medical unit is considered a war crime. It is also prohibited to use a hospital or medical facility as part of a military action. For example, to use a hospital as a fortification. It is also against international law to use a hospital, ambulance or any medical facility as camouflage to hide soldiers who are not wounded.

In addition to international law, the laws and military codes of all nations protect hospitals and medical personnel. This has been a basic part of international law since it was started in 1864. It is also a part of four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and was added to in 1977. Doctors, nurses and medical personnel have a duty to treat the sick and wounded in a war zone. Attacking them or the hospitals they work in is a crime on many levels.

International law protects medical personnel to make sure they are not subject to military interference. They must treat patients on their medical needs alone and may not be forced to give priority to treat one side or the other. Medical personnel cannot be punished for carrying out their medical activities no mater who the patient is. They may not violate doctor-patient confidentiality. All hospital personnel must remain neutral and ethical at all times and may not take sides in a war or dispute. Medical care units must collect all weapons at the entrance to the facility and store them until the patient is released.

If the territory or area that includes hospitals or mobile medical facilities is captured by enemy soldiers, medical personnel are not immune from being seized. The medical team as well as the patients (of either side) should be treated with respect. They must be allowed to perform their normal duties tending to the sick and wounded. In international conflicts, permanent medical personnel must be repatriated except for a short period of time when their services are needed to care for their patients. Permanent medical personnel are those who are assigned to a medical mission for the entire time of the conflict. Temporary personnel may be taken prisoner and their medical skills may be used during the time they are imprisoned. If a conflict is not international, then the above distinctions between permanent and temporary medical personnel are not made. But in no case may medical personnel be punished for caring for sick and wounded enemy soldiers.


Anarkali Salwar Suit

An Anarkali Shalwar suit is a form of women's dress. The anarkali suit is made up of a long, frock-style top and features a slim fitted bottom. It is mostly worn by women in Pakistan and other countries in South Asia such as India and Bangladesh. The anarkali suit varies in many different lengths and embroideries including floor length anarkali styles. 

Anarkali suits owe their name to the fictional Anarkali, a courtesan in the court of Mughal emperor Akbar who was legendarily murdered for her illicit relationship with the Crown Prince Salim.

Anarkali Suits is similar to Gowns as it is same vice versa with Length of Suits. Only Difference in Anarkali suits and Gowns comes with Dupatta and salwar rest all are same. Anarkali Suits are very much Popuar nowadays in India among village side girls. It is most beautiful and daily wear dress in general use.

China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303

China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303 was a flight from Xianyang Airport, in Xianyang to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former). The aircraft used was a Tupolev Tu-154M. On June 6, 1994 the aircraft crashed into a field due to mechanical flaw in Xi'an. All 160 people were killed in China's worst air disaster.

Arrondissement of Le Blanc

The arrondissement of Le Blanc is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Le Blanc.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Le Blanc is the most western "arrondissement" of the Indre department; it covers parts of the west and southwest of the department. It is the second "arrondissement" of the department in area, after the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux, with, but the one with the lowest population (31,821 inhabitants).

The lowest point in the arrondissement is high, in the "commune" of Néons-sur-Creuse, and the highest is high, in the "commune" of Mouhet.

It is bordered to the north by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of La Châtre, to the south by the Creuse department, to the southwest by the Haute-Vienne department and to the west by the Vienne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only two cantons in the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc:

The "arrondissement" of Le Blanc has 57 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Châteauroux

The arrondissement of Châteauroux is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Châteauroux.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Châteauroux is a central "arrondissement" in the Indre department. It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area with , and in population (126,428 inhabitants).

The lowest point in the arrondissement is high, in the "commune" of La Vernelle, and the highest is high, in the "commune" of Chavin.

It is bordered to the north by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Issoudun, to the southeast and south by the "arrondissement" of La Châtre, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc and to the northwest by the Indre-et-Loire department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Châteauroux has 86 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Law of Azerbaijan

The law of Azerbaijan is made up of many levels of codified forms of law. The laws of Azerbaijan are based on civil law. As the country was a republic of the Soviet Union until 1991, its laws have also been influenced heavily by socialist law. Today Azerbaijani law is heavily based on the laws Germany, France and Italy which also use civil law.

The current Criminal Code of Azerbaijan came into force in September 2000, replacing the older Criminal Code of 1960 which was based on Soviet law. The current Azerbaijani criminal law is based on the criminal laws of Germany, France and Italy.

Unlike common law systems such as the United States and the United Kingdom, Azerbaijani courts do not rely on case law and judicial precedent and there are no unwritten laws in Azerbaijani law. Except for decisions of the Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan, decisions of the courts are not usually counted as a source of law. The sources of law in the Azerbaijani legal system are:

The Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan as the highest court of the country, makes the most important and final decisions on civil, criminal and other cases. It is the court of last resort and it has more power than all other courts. Decisions of lower courts can be cancelled here. The Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan has the power to interpret and apply the Constitution of Azerbaijan, especially if laws violate the constitution.


Arrondissement of La Châtre

The arrondissement of La Châtre is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of La Châtre.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of La Châtre is in the southeast of the Indre department. It has an area of and a population of 32,962 inhabitants.

The lowest point in the arrondissement is high, in the "commune" of Ceaulmont, and the highest is high, in the "commune" of Crevant.

It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Issoudun, to the east by the Cher departmen, to the south by the Creuse department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Le Blanc.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of La Châtre has 51 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


British Motor Corporation

In September 1965, BMC took control of its major suppliers (of bodies), Pressed Steel, acquiring Jaguar's body supplier in the process.

In September 1966, BMC merged with Jaguar Cars Limited.
On 14 December 1966, BMC changed its name to British Motor Holdings Limited or BMH.

BMH merged in May 1968 with Leyland Motor Corporation Limited, which made trucks and buses and were owners of Standard-Triumph International Limited, BMH becoming the major part of British Leyland Motor Corporation.

Arrondissement of Issoudun

The arrondissement of Issoudun is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Issoudun.

When the Indre department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Issoudun was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Issoudun was eliminated but in 1942 it was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Issoudun is in the northeast of the Indre department. It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, with , but the second in population, with 34,964 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the east by the Cher department, to the south by the arrondissement of Arrondissement of La Châtre and to west the "arrondissement" of Châteauroux.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Issoudun has 49 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Jonas Savimbi

Jonas Malheiro Savimbi was an Angolan political and military leader. He founded and led the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA).

In 2002 UNITA lost the Angolan Civil War to the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).

Babrak Karmal

Babrak Karmal was an Afghan politician. Karmal was made President of Afghanistan by the Soviet Union at the beginning of the Soviet–Afghan War.

Under Mikhail Gorbachev, the Soviet Union deposed Karmal and replaced him with Mohammad Najibullah. Following his loss of power, Karmal was exiled to Moscow.

Truyère

The Truyère () is a river in southwestern France. It is the main tributary of the Lot river.

The Truyère river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 69.5 cubic metres per second at Entraygues-sur-Truyèret.

The Truyère starts in the Margeride mountains, south-western Massif Central, north of Mende, in the "commune" of La Villedieu (Lozère department), at an altitude of about .

The Truyère flows to the west, in general, and passes through 2 regions, 3 departments and 44 "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a right tributary, into the Lot river, in Entraygues-sur-Truyèret, in the Aveyron department, at of altitude.

The Garabit Viaduct is a bridge over the Truyère near Ruynes-en-Margeride that was built by Gustave Eiffel.

There are several dams over the river to produce hydroelectricity.

The main tributaries of the Truyère river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Military terminology

Military terminology is the words and acronyms used by military organization and members of various militaries. Military terms may have the same spelling as common words but mean something very different. Common terms may also differ between militaries of English-speaking countries. They also differ in their use of abbreviations. For example, British and American abbreviations for the same thing may be very different. Military terms can also be specific to one branch of a nation's military or to a specific war or period of time.

Some terms are intentionally intended to obscure, disguise, distort, or otherwise change the meaning of words. This is called "doublespeak". For example, the United States reduction of troop strength in Afghanistan is called by American troops "the retrograde." This is from an old military euphemism meaning to retreat (no military likes to admit it retreats). Some phrases are so strange that nobody outside the military understands them. "15 minutes prior to 15 minutes prior" refers to military people being told to show up 15 minutes early for everything. So when a commanding officer says there will be a meeting at "06:00" (6:00 a.m. on the 24-hour clock), it means to show up at 05:45. When junior officers repeat the order to the sergeant, to him it means 05:30, and so on. By the time it filters down to the lowest ranking soldier, it can mean be there by midnight.

To listen to military people talking, everything seems to be in acronyms. For instance, "I was on the FOB when the IDF hit, so I radioed the TOC" (I was on the Forward Operating Base when the Ineffective Direct Fire hit, so I radioed the Tactical Operations center). Military people seem to love using acronyms which is probably why there are so many of them. New recruits, military families and even seasoned veterans are expected to know most if not all the current acronyms.

To say letters out loud, over the phone or when it might be unclear what letter is being pronounced a phonic alphabet is used. On ships, a navy would use flags for different letters of the alphabet. The NATO phonetic alphabet (with flags) is:

This is used often in military acronyms. For example, Bravo Zulu means "well done", a compliment. It was taken from naval signal manuals meaning the same thing. However, if someone were to say "B Z" nobody would understand. if someone used the term Whisky Tango Foxtrot it means "what the fuck?" Posed as a question or used as an interjection, it is at least a little more polite than saying the words.


Many armed forces have developed elaborate sets of symbols that act like a written language to describe units, activities, and missions. These symbols can be placed on maps to indicate locations, used in drawings to show military organization structures, or even painted on vehicles to indicate roles.

Today, many nations use the military symbology standardized by NATO and evolved from the symbols used by the US Army during the Second World War. Other nations may use military symbology from the former Warsaw Pact or systems that they created themselves.


Célé

The Célé is a river in southern France. It is a right tributary of the Lot river; it is the second largest tributary of the Lot, after the Truyère.

Several communes have the name of the river in their names:Bagnac-sur-Célé, Marcilhac-sur-Célé, Sauliac-sur-Célé.

The Célé river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 17.90 cubic metres per second at Orniac.

The Célé starts in the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Calvinet (Cantal department), at an altitude of about .

The Célé flows to the west, in general, and passes through 2 regions, 2 departments and 26 "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a right tributary, into the Lot river, in Bouziès, in the Lot department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Célé river are (only right tributaries because the left tributaries are small Streams):

Right tributaries:



Patty Judge

Patty Judge (born November 2, 1943) is an American nurse and politician. She was the 46th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. She was also previously the Secretary of Agriculture for Iowa. In 2010, she ran for re-election, though was not successful. She had been elected to the office with the Governor Chet Culver.

In March 2016, she announced her run for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate. She won the primary on June 7. She lost the general election to the incumbent Chuck Grassley.

Judge was born in Fort Madison, Iowa.

Suntec City

Suntec City is a major multi-use development in Marina Centre, a subzone of the Downtown Core in Singapore. Construction began on 18 January 1992 (with earthworks) followed by full completion and opening on 22 July 1997. It had Suntec Convention Centre, the five towers and a shopping mall. Suntec City was renovated between 2012 and 2015.


Esplanade MRT station

Esplanade MRT Station (CC3) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Downtown Core, Singapore, at the junction of Bras Basah Road, Raffles Boulevard and Nicoll Highway. The station was opened on 17 April 2010 along with the rest of Stages 1 & 2 of the Circle Line. It is located next to the War Memorial Park, the Suntec City Mall and the Suntec Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre. The station also has a link to Raffles City, CityLink Mall, Suntec City Mall and Marina Square.

There is a link from Esplanade station to City Hall station via the underground shopping centre CityLink Mall or basement 2 of Raffles City shopping mall. iExperience Gallery is also located here.

Prior to the opening of the station, names like Suntec, Suntec West, War Memorial and Memorial Park were used.

City Hall MRT station

City Hall MRT station (NS25/EW13) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station in Singapore, that has received very high passenger number all the while. It is named after the national monument - City Hall before National Gallery took over in 2015. It provides cross platform interchange between the two lines.

It is located in the Civic District in the Downtown Core, which is within the Central Area, the city centre of Singapore. It is situated underground, beneath the junction of Stamford Road and North Bridge Road, and is thus east of the Singapore River. The commercial district of Raffles Place and its respective station is located across the Singapore River.

Before this station was built, it was called St Andrew's. It was renamed to City Hall in 1984.

On December 10, 1985, a foreman died at City Hall MRT station.

This station was part of the series of 2011 MRT train disruptions on 15 and 17 December 2011. The disruption was caused by a misalignment between the trains' current collector shoes and the third rail. The disruption was one of Singapore's two largest MRT disruptions at the time of occurrence.

A power failure and blackout occurred at the station on 6 July 2012 at about 1.30 pm, causing the platforms for north and west-bound trains to turn pitch black. Emergency lighting was turned on immediately after the incident occurred. However, train services were not affected by the incident. Lighting was progressively restored from 2 pm, and was back to normal at 3.15 pm. All escalators have also been turned on. SMRT has apologised for any inconvenience caused.


Raffles Place MRT station

Raffles Place MRT station (EW14/NS26) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South Line and the East West Line in Downtown Core, Singapore. It is directly underneath the centre of the financial area of Raffles Place, located in the Downtown Core area, south of the Singapore River. It is one of the more prominent and busier stations within Singapore's transport system during peak hours, especially being an interchange station located within the Central Area. The station has many entrances/exits, the two main ones facing the Raffles Gardens, with the building being a miniature facade of the historic John Little building, just before the Telok Ayer and Downtown MRT Station came on board.

This station used to be the largest and deepest MRT station in Singapore, but the record was broken by Dhoby Ghaut in 2003 and then by Bras Basah in 2010, then by Promenade in 2013 which is 43 metres below ground. It is also one of the four MRT stations to appear in "Uniquely Singapore Edition" of the board game "Monopoly".

The station is the only MRT station to ever participate in three terrorist exercises, which are Exercise Northstar IV on January 11, 2004, Exercise Northstar V, when it was one of four stations which participated in the exercise on January 8, 2006, as well as Exercise Northstar VII on July 7, 2009 together with Sentosa and VivoCity. At Raffles Place, most southbound trains will then terminate at Marina Bay while few others at Marina South Pier.


Marina Bay MRT station

Marina Bay MRT station (NS27/CE2/TE20) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South Line and Circle Line, located on the boundary of Downtown Core and Straits View planning areas in Singapore. The station is designed by Aedas. 

It was the southern terminus of the North South Line until late November 2014. However, most trains terminate at Marina Bay instead of Marina South Pier possibly due to the low passenger demand at Marina South Pier. Passengers who are going to Marina South Pier should observe the television screens on the station platforms and listen to announcements which will notify commuters when a train that is terminating at Marina South Pier arrives. Circle Line trains that begin from here terminate at Stadium MRT station, with a few trains terminating at HarbourFront MRT station during peak hours. When the Thomson-East Coast MRT Line opened, it became 3-line interchange.

Marina Bay is mainly used as an interchange station as there are very little buildings nearby.

It is possible to walk 500 meters to Downtown MRT station from Exit B of the station.


Bishan MRT station

Bishan MRT station (NS17/CC15) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station along the North South Line and Circle Line in Bishan, Singapore. It was one of the original five stations on the North South Line. It also serves the Circle Line which opened on 8 October 2017.

The north south line platforms are one of the few on the MRT that has split side platforms. This station is also only one of four to have faregates on the same level as the platforms, with the others being Expo, Changi Airport and Stevens


Nicoll Highway MRT station

Nicoll Highway MRT Station is an MRT station in Singapore, and it was only there when the Nicoll Highway collapse on 17 April 2004.

Stadium MRT station

Stadium MRT Station is a MRT station in Singapore, that connects to the Singapore Sports Hub and Kallang Wave.

Singapore Armed Forces

The Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) is the military arm of the Total Defence of the Republic of Singapore; as well as the military component of the Ministry of Defence.

The SAF has three services: the Singapore Army, the Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) and the Republic of Singapore Navy (RSN). The SAF protects the interests, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Singapore from external threats.

The SAF relies heavily on a large pool of conscripts in the active and reserve forces. It has an active strength of around 71,600 personnel and is capable of mobilising over 900,000 reservists. National Servicemen (NSmen) make up more than 80% of its military defence system and form the backbone of the SAF.

SAF uses the SAR-21 rifle.

Wiler bei Utzenstorf

Wiler bei Utzenstorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ebikon

Ebikon (Swiss German: "Äbike") is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Gapik

Qapik (or gapik, from ) is a monetary unit of Azerbaijan, equal to 1/100 of the Azerbaijani manat. The 2006 currency denomination of the Azerbaijani manat introduced 1, 3, 5, 10, 20 and 50 qapik into circulation.

The 1, 3 and 5 qapik are made of copper-covered steel. The 10 and 20 qapik are made of brass-covered steel, the 50 qapik are in two colors.

The word "qapik" comes from the Russian word "kopek" which means spear, and which was a currency since the time of Ivan the Terrible in the 16th century and is now the monetary unit of the Russian ruble, Ukrainian hryvnia and Belarusian ruble.


History of baseball in the United States

The history of baseball in the United States can be traced to the 19th century. This is when amateurs played a baseball-like game by their own informal rules using equipment they made themselves. The popularity of the sport inspired the semi-pro national baseball clubs in the 1860s.

The earliest known mention of baseball in the United States was a 1791 Pittsfield, Massachusetts, law banning the playing of the game within of the town meeting house. In 1903, the British sportswriter Henry Chadwick wrote an article saying that baseball came from a British game called rounders. A game which Chadwick had played as a boy in England. But baseball executive Albert Spalding disagreed. Baseball, said Spalding, was basically an American sport and began in America. To decide they agreed to let Abraham G. Mills settle the question by heading a commission. After three years they found that Abner Doubleday had invented the national pastime.

In 2004, baseball historian John Thorn discovered the 1791 town ordinance, putting Pittsfield's connection to baseball 48 years before Abner Doubleday accepted invention of the game in 1839 in Cooperstown, New York. This is where the National Baseball Hall of Fame now stands. The Hall of Fame recognized the ordinance as the first known reference to the game and honored the town with a plaque. Another early reference reports that "base ball" was regularly played on Saturdays in 1823 just outside of New York City in an area that today is Greenwich Village.

Baseball started out being a game children played. Baseball's rise in popularity d with professional gamblers noticing the game. Those who ran gambling games thought adults would be more interested if they could bet on who would win. This would also add profits for gambling halls. Very soon gamblers were paying players to lose intentionally (called "throwing" a game) for a percentage of the profits. Players, fans and probably even umpires, all gambled on every part of a game. This is how most players made any money playing baseball.

The 1919 Black Sox Scandal took place during the 1919 World Series. The Chicago White Sox lost the series to the Cincinnati Reds. Eight White Sox players were later accused of intentionally losing the games in exchange for money from gamblers. The players were found not guilty in court but were still banned for life from baseball. But game-fixing dates dates back to 1865. That was the first scandal where three players were banned from playing again.

Blackmail (disambiguation)

Blackmail is the act of threatening to reveal information about a person or group unless a specific demand is met.
Emotional blackmail is a form of psychological manipulation.

Blackmail may also refer to:


List of Pashto-language movies

This is a list of Pashto-language movies.


Qom

Qom is the second religious city of Iran and one of the bases of Shi'ism. The city dates back to before the rise of Islam. The city was conquered by Muslims in 23/644-645 but the people of Qom converted to Islam with the immigration of Ash'ariyyun in 85/704-705, the beginning of the development of Qom as a Shi'a city was from that time.

Immigration of Lady Fatima al-Ma'suma (a) to Qom and his shrine in the city, and after that, immigration of other Imam's descendants and Sayyids, made the city the base of Shi'ism in Iran. Foundation of Qom seminary added to the Shi'a fame of the city.

Today, the city is the greatest base of Shi'ism from which the Shi'a knowledge is promoted to the world.

Wileroltigen

Wileroltigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Sensory deprivation

Sensory deprivation makes it impossible for a person to use one or more of their senses. Sensory deprivation devices can be simple, like blindfolds or hoods, which make it impossible to see. More complicated sensory deprivation devices can cut off a person's sense of smell, touch, taste, thermoception (ability to sense heat), and their sense of gravity.

Sensory deprivation can be used in good or bad ways. If a person chooses to go through sensory deprivation for a short time, they may feel relaxed, and it may be easier for them to meditate. However, if a person is forced to go through sensory deprivation, or the deprivation lasts for a long time, it can cause hallucinations, very bad anxiety, strange thoughts, and depression.

Some countries in NATO have used sensory deprivation techniques on prisoners because these techniques do not qualify as torture under international laws.

Restricted environmental stimulation therapy (REST) uses sensory deprivation to help a person relax and treat problems like pain. The sensory deprivation sessions are short, and the person can choose to stop the session at any time. There are two basic kinds of REST.

In Chamber REST, a person lies on a bed in a completely dark, sound-proof room for up to 24 hours. They have food, drink, and a toilet in the room with them. They can choose to leave the room at any time. However, fewer than 10% of people who go through Chamber REST actually leave the room before 24 hours.

Flotation REST uses a tank or pool filled with warm water and Epsom salts. The Epsom salts make the water so dense that a person floats in the tank like they do not weigh anything. People usually stay in a flotation tank (also called an isolation tank for about an hour. Less than 5% of people leave the flotation tank before the hour has passed.

Researchers in the United States and Sweden have found that flotation REST decreases pain and stress. Flotation REST also makes some people feel more creative, helps them solve problems more easily, and lowers their blood pressure.

Researchers have studied REST as a treatment for alcoholism, cigarette smoking, and the use of other drugs.

Studies that lasted from one to five years showed that 25% of smokers who used REST were able to stop smoking. If smokers also used other ways to stop smoking along with REST (like changing their behaviors), 50% were able to stop smoking. When smokers used REST and went to weekly support groups, 80% were able to stop smoking. (To compare, only 5% of smokers who use only a nicotine patch are able to stop smoking.)

Alcoholics who got two hours of REST, along with anti-alcohol educational messages, drank 56% less alcohol - less than half than they were drinking before - within two weeks. Three and six months after the first treatment, these alcoholics were still drinking 56% less alcohol than they did before REST.

The University of Arizona studied the use of chamber REST to treat substance abuse. They treated one group of people with both REST and regular substance abuse treatment. 43% of these people stopped using drugs and were still drug-free after four years. They treated another group with regular substance abuse treatment, but no REST. None of these people were still drug-free after eight months.

Security forces in Northern Ireland used sensory deprivation on prisoners in the early 1970s. They used "the five techniques" of sensory deprivation on prisoners they suspected of belonging to paramilitary organizations:

In 1972, the United Kingdom formally stopped using these techniques to interrogate prisoners.

In 1976, the Irish government sued the United Kingdom in the European Commission on Human Rights (Ireland v. United Kingdom, 1976 Y.B. Eur. Conv. on Hum. Rts. 512, 748, 788-94 (European Commission of Human Rights)). Ireland argued that the "five techniques" were torture. The Commission agreed, and said that if the five techniques were used together, they ""amount to torture"". However, this decision was reversed on appeal.

In 1978, the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) looked at the United Nations' definition of torture. They decided that the five techniques ""did not [cause] suffering of the particular intensity and cruelty implied by the word torture"". However, they also said the five techniques were ""a practice of inhuman and degrading treatment"", which is not allowed under the European Convention on Human Rights, article 3.

Willadingen

Willadingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wimmis

Wimmis is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Lanyard

A lanyard is a cord or strap. It is made to help the wearer keep and use some basic items of equipment, especially small items. It is usually worn around the neck with an ID card or keys. 

Lanyards were first introduced in the 15th century. In the military, lanyards are worn on the shoulders of uniforms to denote the wearer's qualification or regimental affiliation.


Controlled flight into terrain

A controlled flight into terrain (CFIT, usually pronounced "cee-fit") is an accident in which an airworthy aircraft, under pilot control, is unintentionally flown into the ground, a mountain, a body of water or an obstacle. In a typical CFIT scenario, the crew is not aware of the situation until it is too late to stop it. The term was coined by engineers at Boeing in the late 1970s.

Accidents where the aircraft is out of control at the time of impact, because of mechanical failure or pilot error, are not considered CFIT (they are known as "uncontrolled flight into terrain"). Accidents resulting from the deliberate action of the person flying the aircraft, such as acts of terrorism or suicide by pilot.

According to Boeing, CFIT is a leading cause of airplane accidents involving the loss of life. It has caused over 9,000 deaths since the beginning of the commercial jet age. CFIT was identified as a cause of 25% of USAF Class A mishaps between 1993 and 2002.


Savio (river)

The Savio () is a river that starts in the Apennines mountain and flows to east into the Adriatic Sea. It is the longest river of the Romagna region.

The Savio river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) depends of the season: in the autumn could be as high as 1,000 cubic metres per second but is very low during summer. Most of the time, the discharge is about 6 cubic metres per second.

The Savio river starts, with the name of "Fosso Grosso", in the Mount Fumaiolo, a mountain in the Apennines, at an elevation of about , in the commune of Verghereto, in the border between Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna regions. At its source there is monument with symbols that represent the Romagna region and the Verghereto commune.

In "Montecoronaro", a "frazione" (an Italian subdivision of a municipality) of Verghereto, the river takes the name of "Savio". The river flows through the communes of Bagno di Romagna and San Piero in Bagno and, after a few kilometres, it forms an artificial reservoir, the "Lago di Quarto", where it is joined, on the right side, by its first important tributary, the stream "Para".

It flows through the communes of Sarsina, Mercato Saraceno and Cesena, all in the province of Forlì-Cesena. In "Botello" (a "frazione" of Cesena), it is joined on the left side by its main tributary, the stream "Botello". Then it goes into the province of Ravenna and flows through "Castiglione di Cervia" (commune of Cervia) and "Castiglione di Ravenna" (commune of Ravenna).

Finally, after 126 kilometres, it flows into the Adriatic Sea between Lido di Classe, a seaside resort, and Lido di Savio.

The tributaries of the Savio are all small streams; the main are the Botello, left tributary, and Para, coming from the right.



Alexander Dubček

Alexander Dubček was a Slovak politician. He was briefly leader of Czechoslovakia (1968–1969).

Dubček tried to change the communist government during the Prague Spring. He was made to quit after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. He became a politician again after the Velvet Revolution.

Walter Hallstein

Walter Hallstein (17 November 1901 – 29 March 1982) was a German academic, diplomat, and politician. He was the first president of the Commission of the European Economic Community. He was one of the founding fathers of the European Union.

Hallstein is also the person behind the Hallstein Doctrine, wich the former state of West Germany proclaimed in 1955. It meant that West Germany wouldn't have diplomatic relations with countries that recognized East Germany.

Todor Zhivkov

Todor Hristov Zhivkov ( ; 7 September 1911 – 5 August 1998) was the communist head of state of the People's Republic of Bulgaria (PRB) from March 4, 1954 until November 10, 1989.

Zhivkov was the longest-serving leader of any Eastern Bloc nation. He is one of the longest ruling non-royal leaders in history. 

Decisive victory

The term decisive victory refers to a military victory that decides a matter or a conflict. A decisive victory has to result in a positive outcome for the victor and create a condition of peace between the two warring states. By comparison, an inconclusive victory is one in which one side won, but the issues between them are not resolved. A desirable goal for all armies fighting conventional wars is a quick and decisive victory with few casualties. For example, in the Six-Day War that started on 5 June 1967, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) achieved a decisive victory over the combined armies of Egypt, Syria and Jordan. This established Israel as a regional power in the Middle East with about six years of peace. During the Cold War (1947-1991) the idea of a decisive victory (or any victory) seemed obsolete. Instead, the theory of limited war seemed more practical in the age of nuclear weapons as it would not escalate into a full-scale war that would result in mutual assured destruction.

In his book "On War" ("Vom Kriege"), Carl von Clausewitz stated a decisive victory “is to throw [an] opponent in order to make him incapable of further resistance. War is thus an act of force to compel our enemy to do our will.” He wrote that, to cripple an enemy, a general must find that enemy's "center of gravity". This is the core of what gives an enemy their power. It can be different for different wars and for different enemies, but it is often the enemy's army, people or economy. According to Clausewitz, a war can only end in a decisive victory or it will continue. Clausewitz also wrote: “There is only one decisive victory: the last.”

Sun Tzu (544 BC – 496 BC) also wrote about decisive victory. In his book "The Art of War", he wrote: “Therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy but does not allow the enemy’s will to be imposed on him”. Later in the book he added: “And therefore those skilled in war bring the enemy to the field of battle, and are not brought by him”.

The Battle of Marathon was a decisive victory for the ancient Greeks over the Persians. It marked the end of the first Persian invasion of Greece.

The Battle of Hastings (14 October 1066) was a pitched battle between the Anglo-Saxon English and an invading Norman army. In the battle, the English King Harold Godwinson was killed by an arrow through his eye. The victor, William Duke of Normandy, was crowned as King William I of England 10 weeks later. The Norman conquest was a major turning point in England's history.

Another example of a decisive victory is the Battle of Yorktown (1781) fought at the end of the American Revolutionary War. The American and the French forces defeated the British Army, led by General Lord Charles Cornwallis. Cornwallis believed he could end the rebellion in The Carolinas and Georgia by setting up a fortress and naval base at Yorktown, Virginia. Seeing an opportunity to trap the British on the Virginia Peninsula, American General George Washington and French General Rochambeau marched their armies to Yorktown and established a siege. The French navy prevented the British fleet from reinforcing Cornwallis. A month later Cornwallis surrendered, effectively ending the war. 

The World War II Battle of Midway took place from June 4, 1942 to June 7, 1942. It was a decisive victory for the United States Navy over the Japanese Navy. It was the turning point in the war allowing the U.S. forces to go on the offensive against the Japanese. The Japanese fleet commander, Admiral Yamamoto Isoroku, chose to attack Midway Island to draw out the few remaining U.S. Aircraft carriers and ambush them. Unknown to the Japanese, the Americans had been able to decypher their coded messages. Reading the coded messages, they knew what the Japanese plan was. The result was the complete destruction of the Japanese carrier fleet (the Akagi, Kaga, Soryu, and Hiryu) with 322 aircraft and over five thousand sailors. The Americans lost 147 aircraft and about three hundred sailors. While the battle did not directly end the war, it crippled Japanese sea power and ended the Japanese capability to stop the Americans and their allies.



Blek le Rat

Blek le Rat is Xavier Prou. He was one of the first graffiti artists in Paris, and has been described as the "Father of stencil graffiti".

Xavier Prou was born on 15 November 1951 in Boulogne-Billancourt in the western suburbs of Paris.

Blek began his artwork in 1981, painting stencils of rats on the walls of Parisian streets. He described the rat as "the only free animal in the city", and one which "spreads the plague everywhere, just like street art". His name comes from the comic book "Blek le Roc", using "rat" as an anagram for "art".

Banksy

Murray Gell-Mann

Murray Gell-Mann (September 15, 1929 – May 24, 2019) was an American physicist who received the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the theory of elementary particles. He was the Robert Andrews Millikan Professor of Theoretical Physics Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology, a Distinguished Fellow and co-founder of the Santa Fe Institute, Professor in the Physics and Astronomy Department of the University of New Mexico, and the Presidential Professor of Physics and Medicine at the University of Southern California.

Gell-Mann has also worked at CERN, as a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellow in 1972.

He was known for his study of particle physics, the smallest parts that make up the universe. These small particles behaved in ways that did not appear to follow the known laws of physics, and Gell-Mann came up with the idea of giving them a strangeness number which could allow them to be compared and put into categories. He also came up with idea that parts of an atom, the proton ad the neutron were made up of even smaller particles. He called the quarks, a nonsense work from James Joyce's book, "Finnigan's Wake".

Gell-Mann then developed the idea that quarks were held together inside the nucleus by a force he called "color", and this force could be given a quantum number. With Richard Feynman he discovered a weak interaction between sub-atomic particles. He researched string theory which could explain what makes up the smallest particles and forces.

Gell-Mann was an agnostic. Gell-Mann supported Barack Obama for the United States presidency in October 2008.

Gell-Mann died on May 24, 2019 at his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico, aged 89.


Limited war

A limited war is a war carried out by a state that uses less than its total resources and has a goal of less than total defeat of the enemy. It is very often the high cost of war that makes limited war more practical than total war.

In a limited war, a state's total survival does not depend on the outcome of the war. For example, when Augustus sent his Roman legions to conquer Germania, the fate of the Roman Republic was not at stake. Since 1945, nuclear weapons have made limited war become the normal type of warfare.

The United States has a strategic position that has made since World War II find itself involved in a number of limited wars. The Korean, the Vietnam, the Gulf War, and the 2003 invasion of Iraq were all examples of limited wars.

The goal of at least one of the parties in a limited war is to maintain its freedom and to preserve itself. The strategy that is often used, especially against a much stronger enemy, is to draw out the fighting until the other side gets tired and finally decides to quit.

That worked for George Washington in the American Revolutionary War. Although the British Army was the strongest army in the world at the time, the war dragged out until the British got tired of the war draining its resources.

The Taliban and other Islamist groups today keep their wars going trying to wear out their enemies in the Western world.

Limited wars are rarely successful. From the time of the Roman Republic to modern times, limited warfare has usually not had the desired results. It also runs contrary to what military leaders are taught, which is to win at all costs. Those who make policy often choose the middle ground of limited war when faced with decisions between total war or do nothing at all. The only problem with doing nothing is the example of Adolf Hitler. While the world powers did nothing, he continued to invade weaker countries until finally a world war was all that could stop him.

The concept of limited war is not new. The military theorist Carl von Clausewitz (1780-1831) wrote about two kinds of war. One kind has its the goal being the total destruction of an enemy. When that is not possible, the other kind is limited war, often because one of the parties to the war does not have the capability of completely annihilating their enemy.

The Napoleonic Wars (1803-1815), World War I (1914-19) and World War II (1939-1945) are examples of total wars. Any war that is limited by geography, resources, or goals or is intentionally limited by the participants is a limited war.



Beatriz Montañez

Beatriz Montañez López (born 3 June 1977 in Almadén, Castile-La Mancha) is a Spanish journalist and radio speaker.

She began working in the radio at Onda Mancha from Almadén (currently Cadena SER Almadén). Afterwards she went to the University of California where she got a degree in journalism. At same time, Montañez worked in several Spanish language radio stations in the U.S., Telemundo and Radio KLVE among others.

Back in Spain, she studied audiovisual communication and production at Instituto de RTVE and made a master via online at Harvard University.

In 2006 began to work in LaSexta's "El Intermedio" as anchorwoman and El Gran Wyoming as host.

In 2011 she left the programme being replaced by Sandra Sabatés.

In 2013 was hired by Tele 5 to present along Jordi González: "El gran debate". In March, 2014 hosted "Hable con ellas", an interview TV-magazine at the same channel until July.

On March 15, 2021, she publishes the book "Niadela", where she talks about how she decided to live a simple life alone in the mountains.

Gōjū-ryū

Gōjū-ryū is Japanese for "hard-soft style." It is one of the main traditional Okinawan styles of karate. Gōjū-ryū uses a combination of hard and soft techniques. Both principles, hard and soft, come from the famous martial arts book used by Okinawan masters during the 19th and 20th centuries, the "Bubishi" (). Gō, which means hard, refers to closed hand techniques or straight linear attacks. Jū, which means soft, refers to open hand techniques and circular movements. Gōjū-ryū uses both circular and linear movements. It combines hard striking attacks such as kicks. It also uses close hand punches with softer open hand circular techniques. These are used for attacking, blocking, and controlling the opponent. This includes locks, grappling, takedowns and throws.

Tirthankara

In Jainism, a tirthankara (Sanskrit "tīrthaṅkara") is an all knowing Teaching God who teaches the path to liberation from the cycle of births and deaths, called "saṃsāra". According to Jains, over time, Jain teachings are gradually forgotten. Then, a rare individual is born who at some point in his life renounces the world to conquer the "saṃsāra", the cycle of death and rebirth, on his own. After "Tirthankara" attains "Kevala Jnana" (omniscience) he refounds Jainism. Tirthankara provides a bridge for others to follow him from "saṃsāra" (worldy existence) to "moksha" (liberation).

According to Jains, exactly twenty-four "tirthankaras" grace this part of the universe in each half of the Jain time cycle. The first "tirthankara" was Rishabhanatha, who is said to have taught men various arts and professions including agriculture. The 24th and last "tirthankara" of present half-cycle was Mahavira (599-527 BC). His predecessor, Parshvanatha, the twenty-third "tirthankara "was an important historical figure.

The teachings "tirthankara" are compiled as scriptures called "Agamas". All "tirthankaras "teach same philosophy and ethics and their teachings do not contradict. While "tirthankaras" are worshiped by Jains, there grace is said to be available for all living beings, regardless of religious orientation.

"Tirthankaras" are called "Jina" (victor), which means one who has conquered inner enemies such as anger, attachment, pride and greed. They are entirely free of all passions, and personal likes and dislikes. After attaining omniscience, they are free from eighteen imperfections like hunger, thirst, sleep etc.

The word "tirthankara" signifies the founder of a "tirtha" which means a fordable passage across the sea of repeated births and deaths (called "saṃsāra").
"Tirthankaras" are also called "Teaching Gods", "Ford-Makers", "Crossing Makers" and "Makers of the River-Crossing.

The" tīrthaṅkara nama-karma", a special type of "karma "is mentioned in the Jain texts. Bondage of this karma raises a soul to the supreme status of a "Tīrthaṅkara". "Tattvartha Sutra", a major Jain text, list down sixteen observances which lead to the influx of this "karma"-

Five auspicious events called, "Pañca kalyāṇaka" happen in the life of every "tirthankara":

After attaining omniscience, a "tirthankara" preaches the path to liberation in the "samavasarana". According to Jain texts, the heavenly pavilion is erected by "devas" (heavenly beings) where "devas", humans and animals assemble to hear the "tirthankara". A "tirthankara's" speech is listened by all humans and animals in their own language. It is believed that during this speech, there is no unhappiness for miles around the site.

Jainism teaches that time has no beginning or end. It moves like the wheel of a cart. Jains divide the time cycle in two halves, "Utsarpiṇī" or ascending time cycle and "avasarpiṇī", the descending time cycle. 24 tirthankaras are born in each half of this cycle. In Jain tradition the "tirthankaras" were royal in their final lives, and Jain texts record details of their previous lives.  

Twenty-one of the "tirthankaras" are said to have attained "moksha" in the "kayotsarga" (standing meditation posture), while Rishabhanatha, Neminatha and Mahavira are said to have attained moksha in the "Padmasana" (lotus position).

In chronological order, the names, emblems and colours of the 24 "tirthankaras" of this age are mentioned below: "Dhanuṣa" means "bow" and "hatha" means "hands".


Palmiro Togliatti

Palmiro Togliatti was an Italian politician. He was leader of the Italian Communist Party from 1927 until his death. 

Togliatti began his political life in the Italian Socialist Party. After World War I he created the Communist Party of Italy with others. In 1926 Benito Mussolini outlawed the party. Togliatti became the leader in exile. In 1943, the name was changed to the Italian Communist Party. In 1944 Togliatti returned to Italy. He died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Crimea.

Keith Holyoake

Sir Keith Jacka Holyoake, (; 11 February 1904 – 8 December 1983) was the 26th Prime Minister of New Zealand. He served for a brief period in 1957 and then from 1960 to 1972. He was also the 13th Governor-General of New Zealand, serving from 1977 to 1980.

Holyoake was a Member of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council. He used the following Post-nominal letters:

Gaafar Nimeiry

Gaafar Muhammad an-Nimeiry was the President of Sudan from 1969 to 1985. His name is also spelled Jaafar Nimeiry, Gaafar Nimeiry or Ga'far Muhammad Numayri.

Nimeiry came to power after a military coup in 1969. In 1972 he signed the Addis Ababa Agreement, ending the First Sudanese Civil War. In 1983 he imposed Sharia law. This led to the Second Sudanese Civil War. He was removed from power in 1985. Nimeiry went into exile in Egypt.

Alikovsky District

Alikovsky District (; , "Elĕk rajonĕ") is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It is located in the northwestern central part of the republic and borders with Morgaushsky and Yadrinsky Districts in the north, Krasnoarmeysky District in the east, Vurnarsky and Shumerlinsky Districts in the south, and with Krasnochetaysky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Alikovo. Population: The population of Alikovo accounts for 14.5% of the district's total population.

The district was formed on October 1, 1927.

There is a construction plant in Alikovo.

The Cheboksary–Yadrin and the Cheboksary–Krasnye Chetay autoroute cross the territory of the district.

As of the 2002 Census, 98% of the population was Chuvash.

There is a middle school in Alikovo.

There is a museum, a people's theater, a folk band, a veteran's orchestra, a school's brass band, and a chorus. Regional Chuvash music festival "Vir'yal shevlisem" (lit. "Viryal's pancakes") takes place in May of each year.




Thirunallar

Thirunallar is a small town in the district of Karaikal, Puducherry Union territory, India. It is on the banks of Noolaaru River and Vanchiaaru River in the north and the banks of Arasalar River in the south.

Thirunallar is specially famous for the temple dedicated to Lord Shani, or Lord Saturn. The temple is named after him, Thirunallar Saniswaran temple. The main deity of the town is Lord Dharbharanyeshwarar, a form of Lord Shiva.

The temple of this town is the only temple dedicated to Lord Shani in the whole world. Whenever Lord Saturn passes from one zodiac sign to the other (Sani Peyarchi), millions of people comes to Thirunallar for worshiping the lord. The Nala theertham or Nalan kulam is the temple tank of this temple, which is said to be washing away all misfortunes caused by karma. That is why Lord Shani is renowned as "the dispenser of Karma".

Thirunallar is believed to be named for King Nala, the king of the country of Nishadha.


Tirumalairayanpattinam

Tirumalairayanpattinam is a census town in Karaikal district, Puducherry Union territory, India. This is also a religious town like the other main renowned towns in the Karaikal district. The town's name is often shortened to TR Pattinam. This town is on the banks of Thirumalairajanar River

TR Pattinam is named after a king like the town of Thirunallar. Tirumalairayanpattinam is named after King Thirumalai Raja, who ruled this town from 1453 to 1468. At his time both the river and the town was named after him. But later the name of the town changed to Tirumalairayan pattinam.


TR Pattinam has its own railway station under the control of the Indian Railways. It is also well connected with the port city and the district headquarters, Karaikal.

Germania

Germania was a Roman name originally given to a tribe of people who lived along the Rhine River. They were a Teutonic people, who were first mentioned in the 4th century BC. The Gauls changed it from a name for a people to the name for the territory. This was a vast forested wilderness to the north that Rome knew very little about. It ran from the west on the River "Rhenus" (Rhine) to the east and the Carpathian Mountains and the River Vistula. On the north it was bounded by the North Sea and on the south by the River Hister (Danube).

Germania was home to a very large number of Germanic and a few Celtic tribes. The northern parts of Germania were called "Germania Inferior". Some of the tribes known to live here were the Menapii, Batavi, Condrusi, Atuataci and Eburones. Close to the Roman fortifications on the east side of the Rhine lived the Frisii, Chauci, Istavones, Sicambri, Marsii, Cattii, and Ubii tribes. The Ubii were friendly with the Romans and provided cavalry as well as guarding the border for the Romans.

"Germania Superior", or southern Germania was home to the Triboci, Rauraci (Celtic), Nemetes, Caeroesi, Sequani (Gallic) and Helvetii (Gallic) tribes. To the east of the Rhine and along the Danube lived the Marvingii, Varisci (also called Nariscii), Burgundians, Hermunduri, Suebi and the Cherusci tribes.

During the Gallic War, Julius Caesar ended the Germanic control of Alsace by defeating Ariovistus. He built a bridge across the Rhine in 55 BC and entered Germania. He convinced the Suebi and other tribes not to interfere in Gaul, which was Roman territory. Other than venturing into Germania a second time in 53 BC and warring against several tribes, he left Germania alone. This established the Rhine as the boundary between Germania and Roman Gaul. 

The beginnings of the occupation of Germania by Rome was in 15 BC. The Foothills of the Alps were conquered during the reign of Augustus. This, together with the lands west of the Rhine conquered by Caesar became their foothold. The Romans attempted to bring under Roman rule the lands as far north as the River Elbe. In 7 AD Rome assumed Germania was under Roman rule when Publius Quinctilius Varus became governor of Roman occupied Germania. Since they were so powerful, the Romans did not expectt on any resistance from the German tribes.

In 9 AD Varus with three legions of top Roman troops, were moving up to a permanent base on the Rhine. There had been reports of a rebellion by local tribes which Varus intended to deal with. Varis was confident that it would be easy to occupy Germany. He was a good administrator but not a soldier. While marching through the Teutoburg Forest, three crack legions of Rome’s army were caught in an ambush. For three days up to 30.000 Roman soldiers, their families and slaves were killed by the peoples they called barbarians. The battle was Rome's greatest defeat.

Arminius, the German leader, understood both the strengths and weaknesses of the Roman army. He knew not to attack Roman legions in open battle. In the Teutoburg Forest he lured the 17th, 18th and 19th legions into an ambush. The battle was fought in several places during the encounter. Those who were not killed were taken captive. When Emperor Augustus heard the news he supposedly cried out "Quintilius Varus, give me back my legions!" The numbers XVII (17), XVIII (18) and XIX (19) were never again used as legion numbers. 

Germanicus was ordered to avenge the loss of the legions. In 14 AD he started the conquest of Germania again. However after two years he decided he had done enough to avenge Rome's great loss and returned to Rome. He left Germania to their own feuds. Arminius was murdered in 21 AD by relatives because of internal fighting.


Paraguarí Department

The Paraguarí department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Paraguarí. Its code is PY-09.

The territory of this department is in a valley formerly called "Yarigua'a" that was part of the mission of Jesuit priests during the colonization.

At the end of the 16th century, the Franciscan missionaries founded the city of Yaguarón with Guarani people. More towns were founded on which today form part of this department:

The department was created in 1935. In 1945, the old department of Quyyndy was made part of Paraguarí.

The Paraguarí department is in the southwest of the "Oriental" region. It is one of the smallest of the departments of Paraguay, with an area of . It has a population of 239,633 for a population density of .


The department is divided in 17 districts:



Oswald the Lucky Rabbit

Oswald the Lucky Rabbit is the first animal-based character made by Disney productions. In 1927, Universal Studios hired Disney studios to make him for "Alice Comedies". Universal Studios owned the character by law.

According to Disney, Universal Studios named him "Oswald" by picking the name out of a hat.

Oswald was called the lucky rabbit because of the idea of rabbits' feet being lucky. In his cartoons, Oswald would pull off his own foot, rub it for luck, and then put it back.

Oswald is drawn with big eyes, big ears and shorts like the ones Mickey Mouse wears Unlike Mickey, Oswald does not have buttons on his pants.

When Disney separated from Universal Studios, the artists there made a new character called Mickey Mouse. Meanwhile, Universal used Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in comics in 1935 and in animated programs until 1943.

Disney bought Oswald back in 2006. Disney put him in the video game "Epic Mickey" in 2010 for the Nintendo Wii

Ataxia

Ataxia is trouble with balance that is not caused by a person's muscles being weak. Instead, ataxia is caused by a neurological problem.

Ataxia is not a diagnosis. It is a neurological sign. It is a sign of damage to the parts of the nervous system that control balance.

There are three different types of ataxia. Each type has many possible causes.

Cerebellar ataxia is ataxia that is caused by a problem with a person's cerebellum. The cerebellum is the part of the brain that controls balance and coordination. It makes the body move smoothly and controls movements like walking.

People with cerebellar ataxia may have trouble with actions like these:

Sensory ataxia is caused by the loss of proprioception (knowing where parts of the body are). It is usually caused by damage to the parts of the spinal cord that carry information about proprioception to the brain. However, it can also be caused by damage to the parts of the brain that receive that information (the cerebellum, the thalamus, and the parietal lobes of the brain).

A person with sensory ataxia may have these symptoms:

Vestibular ataxia is caused by problems with the vestibular system. This is the body's main sensory system that controls balance and movement. It includes the inner ear.

Along with balance problems, people with vestibular ataxia may have:

There are many different causes of ataxia. The National Ataxia Foundation breaks up these causes into three categories: acquired, genetic, and idiopathic.

A person is not born with acquired ataxia. "Acquired" means that something happened during the person's life to cause the ataxia.

Causes of acquired ataxia can include:

Genetic ataxia is caused by hereditary disorders that damage the cerebellum or spine. People are born with these disorders. In most cases, they get worse over time.

"Idiopathic" means that doctors cannot find a cause for a person's ataxia.

Idiopathic ataxias often cause symptoms that come and go. Many doctors and scientists think these ataxias are caused by a combination of things inside the body (like gene problems) and things outside the body (like the things happening in a person's life). However, they are still researching the causes of idiopathic ataxias.

Ataxia can be treated. However, treatment usually does not make ataxia go away completely.

Some treatments for ataxia include: A review of the management of degenerative ataxia was published in 2009.

Some people with severe ataxia may need to use wheelchairs.


Fátima Bernardes

Fátima Bernardes (born September 17, 1962) is a Brazilian journalist and talk show host. She has worked at Rede Globo since 1987. In this television network she started to work in TV newscasts and became very famous. In 2011, she trended worldwide on Twitter after announcing her new professional phase as show host. Forbes has said Bernardes could become as popular as Oprah". 

San Felipe de Aconcagua Province

San Felipe de Aconcagua Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). The city of San Felipe is the capital of the province.

The San Felipe de Aconcagua province has an area of , the third largest province in the Valparaíso region; only the Petorca and Los Andes provinces are more large.

San Felipe de Aconcagua is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the north by the Petorca province, on the east by Argentina and the Los Andes province, to the south by the Santiago Metropolitan region, and to the west by the Quillota province.

The main rivers of the province are the Aconcagua river and its right tributary, the Putaendo river.

 (last national census), there were 131,911 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is San Felipe, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 57,760 inhabitants. Other cities are Llaillay (16,215), Santa María (8,126) and Putaendo (7,214).

As a province, San Felipe de Aconcagua is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of San Felipe serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



1926 Miami hurricane

The 1926 Miami Hurricane (or the Great Miami Hurricane) was a very large and violent tropical cyclone. The hurricane caused a lot of damage in the Miami metropolitan area of southern Florida and in the Bahamas.

The storm caused $78.5 million in damage to the United States. Estimates from 2010 put the damage at $165 billion, meaning the storm surpasses Katrina as the costliest U.S. hurricane.

Between 372 and 540 deaths happened because of the hurricane.

Miami metropolitan area

The Miami metropolitan area is the metropolitan area including Miami and its nearby communities. As of 2020, there were more than six million inhabitants. This makes the Miami metropolitan area the most populous in Florida and the second-most populous in the Southeastern United States.

The Miami metropolitan area includes Miami-Dade County, Broward and Palm Beach counties in southeastern Florida. This area is also called the Gold Coast.

Cities in the Miami metropolitan area include Miami itself, Homestead, Hialeah and Miami Beach.

Valparai

Valparai is a town in the district of Coimbatore of Tamil Nadu. Valparai is 100 km away from the district headquarters Coimbatore. Areas in Valparai are mostly owned by private tea companies and large forest areas. It is a hill station, located 3500 feet(1100m) height above sea level on the Anaimalai Hills range of the Western Ghats.

Earliest records say that in 1846 Ramasamy Mudaliar started a coffee plantation here. Later in 1864, the Karnatic coffee company started a coffee plantation in this area. In 1890, W.Wintil and Nordan bought this area from the Madras State Government (present Tamil Nadu) under the British Raj. Mr.Wintil deforested the forest areas in Valparai to cultivate tea and coffee.

According to the 2011 census, Valparai has a population of 70,859 with sex ratio of 1013 per 1000 males and literacy rate 78.47%. 59.68% of the population consist of Scheduled Castes and 1.75% population of the Scheduled Tribes.

Yanam district

Yanam district is one of the four districts of the Union Territory of Puducherry.

Yanam is a small territory of just 20 km. It is in Andhra Pradesh. But Yanam district, Mahe district, Karaikal district and Puducherry district comes under Puducherry Union territory, as they were French colonies up to 1954.

Yanam is surrounded by the district of East Godavari of Andhra Pradesh. Yanam district consists of 7 revenue villages and a town. Yanam is a town as well as the district headquarters. The other villages are Agraharam, Darialatippa, Farampeta, Guerempeta, Kanakalapeta, Kurasampeta and Mettakur. The total population of the district is just 55,616, roughly equal to the population of Greenland.

Mahe district

Mahé district (Malayalam: മയ്യഴി ജില്ല, is one of the four districts of the union territory of Puducherry, India. It consists of the whole of the Mahé region.[1] Mahé is the smallest district of India by size. The total area of Mahé district is surrounded on three sides by Kannur District and one side by Kozhikode District. Geographically Mahé district is part of North Malabar region.

Mahe is surrounded on three sides by Kannur district and a side by Kozhikode district, as it is located in Kerala state. Puducherry union territory consists of four unconnected districts.

Mahe district has a very small area of just 8.69 sq.kms. The total population of the district is 41,934, roughly equal to Liechtenstein. The literacy rate of the district is 98.35%. The population density of Mahe district is 4659 inhabitants/1 square km and 12070 inhabitants/1 square miles.

Vice President of India

The Vice President of India is the second-highest constitutional official in India, after the President.

Jagdeep Dhankhar is the current Vice-President of India.He defeated opposing candidate Margaret Alva in 2022 Indian vice presidential election.

Article 63 of the Indian Constitution states that "there shall be a Vice-President". The person who holds the post of Vice-President acts as the President of India during the absence of the President due to resignation, death, impeachment and other reasons. The Vice President is also the Ex-officio Chairperson of the Rajya Sabha. The Vice-President is elected indirectly by members of an electoral college consisting of the members of both houses of the Parliament of India.

The salary for the Vice-President is 125,000 Rupees.

The present Vice President of India is Jagdeep Dhankhar since 2022.

Chalumeau

The chalumeau is the oldest form of the clarinet. It is the first true single reed instrument. The plural for chalumeau is chalumeaux. 

54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment

The 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. They were nicknamed the "Swamp Angels".

The regiment was one of the first official African-American units in the United States during the Civil War. Many African-Americans also had fought in the American Revolution and the War of 1812 on both sides.

In March 1863, after the Emancipation Proclamation, Massachusetts Governor John A. Andrew gave his approval for the creation of the 54th Riegiment. The regiment was commanded (led) by Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.

Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton had decided that white officers would be in charge of all "coloured" units. Andrew chose Robert Gould Shaw to be the regiment's colonel, and Norwood Penrose "Pen" Hallowell to be its lieutenant colonel. Many of the other officers in charge of the 54th Regiment were from abolitionist families. Governor Andrew chose several of them himself.

White abolitionists (including Shaw's parents) recruited the soldiers for the unit.

The 54th trained at Camp Meigs in Readville near Boston. While training, the unit got a lot of support from abolitionists in Massachusetts, including Ralph Waldo Emerson. Supporters also donated things like warm clothing items, battle flags, and $500 for a regimental band to be set up and trained.

Soon, more people were volunteering for the 54th than the regiment needed. Because of this, the medical exam that volunteers needed to pass to get into the 54th was very thorough. This meant that those who were accepted into the 54th were very strong and healthy. The Surgeon General of Massachusetts said about the 54th: "a more robust, strong and healthy set of men were never mustered into the service of the United States."

On December 23, 1862, Jefferson Davis, the president of the Confederate States of America, gave an order. This order said that if African-American soldiers or their white officers were captured while fighting for the Union, they would be put to death. In January 1863, the Confederate Congress made this order a law. This Confederate law said that if captured, both African-American soldiers and their white officers would be turned over to the states where the African-American soldiers had been slaves.

Even so, the 54th left Boston with high morale (they felt good about serving in the 54th). After finishing their training, the regiment officially began serving in the United States military on May 13, 1863. They left Boston on May 28, with many supporters cheering them on. When they arrived in Beaufort, South Carolina, local blacks and Northern abolitionists greeted them and celebrated their arrival.

In Beaufort, the 54th joined with the 2nd South Carolina Volunteers, a unit of ex-slaves from South Carolina led by James Montgomery. Montgomery led both units in a raid on the town of Darien, Georgia. The people who lived in the town had run away. Montgomery ordered the soldiers to loot and burn the empty town. Shaw argued against doing this, and made official complaints about his soldiers being ordered to burn and loot.

The 54th fought in its first battle on July 16, on James Island, South Carolina. They were able to stop a Confederate attack. 45 members of the 54th were killed during this fight.

The 54th became famous on July 18, 1863, when it led an attack on Fort Wagner near Charleston, South Carolina. 272 of the 600 men who charged Fort Wagner were "killed, wounded or captured." At this battle, Colonel Shaw was killed, along with 29 of his men. 24 more later died of wounds; 15 were captured; 52 were missing in action and never found; and 149 were hurt. In total, the 54th suffered 272 casualties during this battle. This was the highest number of casualties the 54th would ever see in a single battle during the war.

Union forces were not able to take and hold control of Fort Wagner. However, the 54th was widely celebrated for its courage during the battle. This helped encourage more African-American people to join the Union Army, and encouraged Army commanders to use them in battles. This was a very important step in the Civil War. Later, President Abraham Lincoln said it helped the Union win the Civil War.

After Colonel Shaw died, Edward Hallowell became a Colonel and started leading the 54th. Under his command, the 54th fought in the Battle of Olustee. Then they were ordered to march to a train station. A train carrying wounded Union soldiers had broken down, and the wounded soldiers were in danger of being captured. When the 54th arrived, the men attached ropes to the train pulled the train by hand about to Camp Finnegan. There, they picked up horses to help pull the train. After that, the soldiers and horses pulled the train to Jacksonville, Florida. In all, the 54th pulled the train for a total of . This took forty-two hours.

As part of an all-black brigade under Colonel Alfred S. Hartwell, the 54th unsuccessfully attacked entrenched Confederate militia at the November 1864 Battle of Honey Hill. In mid-April 1865, they fought at the Battle of Boykin's Mill, a small fight in South Carolina that was one of the last battles of the war.

When they joined the 54th, soldiers were promised that they would be paid the same as white soldiers: $13 a month (plus food and supplies). Instead, once they arrived in South Carolina, the 54th was told they would be paid only $7 a month ($10 with $3 taken out to pay for clothing. White soldiers did not pay for clothing at all.) Colonel Shaw and many others immediately began protesting this rule. The state of Massachusetts offered to make up the difference in pay. However, the entire regiment began to refuse to accept their pay on paydays as a form of protest.

Refusing their lower pay became a point of honor for the men of the 54th. In fact, at the Battle of Olustee, when they were ordered to move forward to protect the other Union forces while they were retreating, the men moved forward shouting, "Massachusetts and Seven Dollars a Month!"

On June 16, 1864, the United States Congress passed a law that would give full, equal pay to any soldiers who had been free men as of April 19, 1861. Not all the soldiers qualified; some had still been slaves at this time. Colonel Hallowell, a Quaker, decided that because he did not believe in slavery, he could have all the soldiers swear that they were free men on April 19, 1861. Before being given their back pay, the entire regiment was given what became known as "the Quaker oath". Colonel Hallowell carefully wrote the oath to say: "You do solemnly swear that you owed no man unrequited labor unpaid work on or before the 19th day of April 1861. So help you God".

On September 28, 1864, the United States Congress took action to pay the men of the 54th. By this time, most of the men had served 18 months in the 54th.



Typhoon Meranti

Typhoon Meranti, also known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ferdie, was one of the strongest tropical cyclones on record. The storm struck the Philippines, Taiwan and mainland China. In terms of pressure, Meranti was the strongest typhoon since Typhoon Megi in 2010. It was also the strongest in terms of wind speeds since Typhoon Haiyan in 2013. Furthermore, it was the strongest tropical cyclone in 2016.

The storm caused more than $2.6 billion in damage. It led to more than 30 deaths.

San Felipe, Chile

San Felipe ( Spanish for "St. Philip") is a Chilean city; it is the capital and main city of the San Felipe de Aconcagua province, Valparaíso region.

San Felipe was founded on 3 August 1740 by José Antonio Manso, who conquered the Aconcagua Valley. The city was named, after the king Philip V of Spain (), as San Felipe el Real.

The commune of San Felipe is in the valley of the Aconcagua river and has an area of . It is north of the national capital of Santiago and at about to the west of the Aconcagua, the highest mountain of the Americas.

The commune is bordered on the north by the Putaendo commune, on the east by the Santa María commune, on the southeast by the Los Andes and Rinconada communes of the Los Andes province, on the south by the Panquehue commune, and on the west by the Catemu commune.
The city of San Felipe is along the Aconcagua river, the main river of the province and of the Valparaíso region, near the point where the river is joined by the Putaendo river.

 (last national census), there were 64,126 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of San Felipe has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 53,017 inhabitants.

Its inhabitants are called "Sanfelipeños" (women, "Sanfelipeñas").



Macmillan Cancer Support

Macmillan Cancer Support is one of the largest British charities. It provides health care, information and financial support to people affected by cancer. As well as helping with the medical needs of people affected by cancer, Macmillan also looks at the social, emotional and practical impact cancer can have. Macmillan campaigns for better cancer care. Macmillan Cancer Support's goal is to reach and improve the lives of everyone living with cancer in the UK. They are one of Britain's top 1,000 charities.

Conventional weapon

Conventional weapons are those weapons that are not weapons of mass destruction. They can include weapons such as armoured fighting vehicles, armed helicopters, combat aircraft, artillery and warships. They can also include (but are not limited to) small arms, ammunition, cluster munitions and land mines. There is no single definition of conventional weapons. But they are the main weapons used in modern conventional warfare.

The United Nations set up the UN Register of Conventional Arms (UNROCA) in 1991. UN member nations add details of their imports and exports of conventional weapons. There are seven categories of conventional weapons in the register.




Edward Gierek

Edward Gierek (; 6 January 1913 – 29 July 2001) was a Polish communist politician. 

Gierek is known for opening communist Poland to Western influence. He made economic changes. For a time these changes helped Poland's economy stabilize. He modernized industry and increased access to products. Later the 1973 oil crisis made prices increase. Poland had many foreign debts. There were several revolts because of the economy. The Polish people were unhappy with Gierek and he was removed from power.

Chiang Ching-kuo

Chiang Ching-kuo (27 April 1910 – 13 January 1988) was a Taiwanese politician. He held numerous posts in the government of the Republic of China (ROC).

Chiang Ching-kuo was the son of Chiang Kai-shek. He succeeded his father to serve as Premier of the Republic of China. He was the President of the Republic of China from 1978 until his death in 1988.

Aconcagua River

The Aconcagua River is a river that flows from east to west through the Valparaíso region in north central Chile and flows into the Pacific Ocean north of Valparaíso.

Although it has the same name, the Aconcagua river does not starts in the slopes of Aconcagua, which is in Argentina about from the beginning of the river, in Chilean territory.

The Aconcagua river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Aconcagua river starts on the Andes at an elevation of about , at the confluence of two rivers:

From its start, the river flows through the Aconcagua valley. Before the city of Los Andes, the river is joined, as a right tributary, by the "Colorado" river, long, and then, after the city of San Felipe, by the "Putaendo" river, also a right tributary with a length of .

The river keeps flowing to the west, running through the cities of La Calera and Quillota, in the Quillota province. Finally, the Aconcagua river flows in the Pacific Ocean at the city of Concón, in the Valparaíso province.

The main tributaries of the Aconcagua river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Andrei Gromyko

Andrei Andreyevich Gromyko was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War. He was responsible for many top decisions on Soviet foreign policy.


Luis Carrero Blanco

Luis Carrero Blanco, 1st Duke of Carrero Blanco, Grandee of Spain (4 March 1904 – 20 December 1973) was a Spanish admiral. He was a trusted associate of dictator Francisco Franco. He was assassinated by a member of ETA, a Basque group.

Lon Nol

Marshal Lon Nol (, also ; 13 November 1913 – 17 November 1985) was a Cambodian politician and military leader. He led a coup against Prince Norodom Sihanouk in 1970. Nol made himself President of the newly created Khmer Republic. 

The Khmer Rouge took leadership of Cambodia. Lon Nol fled from Cambodia to Indonesia and then to the United States.

Hu Yaobang

Hu Yaobang (20 November 1915 – 15 April 1989) was a Chinese politician and a high-ranking official of the People's Republic of China.

Hu Yaobang was a political ally of Deng Xiaoping. They fought together in the Chinese Civil War. Both were part of the communist force that took power of Sichuan in 1949. Hu became the leader of the Communist Youth League from 1952–1966.

During the Cultural Revolution, Hu Yaobang was said to not be true to the Communist Party of China and Mao Zedong. He was rehabilitated twice. He was an important supporter of Deng Xiaoping's rise to power.

Hu Yaobang's death in 1989 was a cause for the Tiananmen Square protests.

Gennady Yanayev

Gennady Ivanovich Yanayev (26 August 1937 – 24 September 2010) was a Soviet politician. He was the vice president of the Soviet Union. Yanayev served from 1990 to 1991.

Yanayev held several political positions. He served during the rules of Khrushchev, Brezhnev, Andropov and Chernenko. With the help of Mikhail Gorbachev, Yanayev was the last and only elected Vice President of the Soviet Union. He later served a President of the Soviet Union during the August Coup and led the to depose President Gorbachev. The ended after 3 days. Yanayev was arrested. In 1994 he was pardoned by the State Duma.


Tinnitus

Tinnitus is a symptom of hearing loss and other hearing problems. It is described as hearing sound in the head or ears that does not come from an outside source. Many people will hear ringing, buzzing, hissing or whistling sounds, but tinnitus can be other sounds such as roaring and humming as well. 

Different people will hear different sounds from tinnitus but how they hear it can also be different. Tinnitus can be loud or quiet and it can be continuous or occasional and some people will not notice their tinnitus but some people become very annoyed from it, especially when they feel tired or stressed.
There are many things that can cause people to get tinnitus. These are the main reasons:

People of different range of age can develop tinnitus. It is not a disorder but the symptom of some underlying health condition.

People with tinnitus may take part in yoga, exercise regularly, perform sound therapies or join a tinnitus community . Playing a faint background noise in the background also helps in keeping the phantom noise at bay.


Ernest Bevin

Ernest Bevin was a British statesman, trade union leader, and Labour politician. Bevin strongly opposed Communism. He helped in the creation of NATO.

Hellenistic period

The Hellenistic period in Ancient Greece (323–146 BC) was the time period between the death of Alexander the Great when the generals of Alexander created their own empires and the Roman conquest of mainland Greece. 

During this era: Greek culture, art and power expanded all over the Eastern Mediterranean (including Anatolia, Egypt, the Levant and the Balkans). Of all the Hellenistic empires that were established, the Seleucid Empire was the largest. The Ptolemaic dynasty in Egypt is the most famous and the longest lasting due to its famous Library of Alexandria and members like Cleopatra VII.

Frankfurt Universe

The Frankfurt Universe are a German American football team from Frankfurt, Hesse.

The club was formed in 2007. Previously Frankfurt had the NFL Europa team Frankfurt Galaxy. In late 2014 the club announced that it had purchased the rights for the Galaxy name. Once again they played under the name Frankfurt Galaxy. In the official 2015 table of the German Football League however the team is still listed as Frankfurt Universe. It was renamed again as Frankfurt Universe in 2016.

Starting in 2015 the team plays at Frankfurter Volksbank Stadion, home ground of association football team FSV Frankfurt.

The team won the GFL 2 south in 2015 with a perfect season. They earned a promotion to the GFL after the eighth placed GFL team, the Franken Knights, withdrew from the promotion/relegation round.

The team's honours:


Arrondissements of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence are:

Since its creation, the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Barcelonnette

The arrondissement of Barcelonnette is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Barcelonnette.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette is in the northeast of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. It is bordered to the northeast by Italy, to the southeast by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Castellane and Digne-les-Baines "arrondissements" and to the west and north by the Hautes-Alpes department.

The "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (8,004 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There is only one canton in the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, with all its communes in the "arrondissement": the canton of Barcelonnette .

The "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette has 14 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Castellane

The arrondissement of Castellane is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Castellane.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Castellane was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but became again an "arrondissement" in 1952.

The "arrondissement" of Castellane is in eastern Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, to the east by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Var department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains.

The "arrondissement" of Castellane is the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department, after the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, both in area, , and population (9,493 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There is only one canton in the "arrondissement" of Castellane, with all its communes in the "arrondissement": the canton of Castellane .

The "arrondissement" of Castellane has 41 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Digne-les-Bains

The arrondissement of Digne-les-Bains is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Digne-les-Bains.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains is in the central part of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Barcelonnette, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Castellane, to the south by the Var department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier.

The "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (55,758 inhabitants), after the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains, there are 6 cantons and 4 of them with all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains has 46 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Conductive hearing loss

Conductive hearing loss is one of the main types of hearing loss. It happens when sound is blocked from going through the outer and middle ear into the inner ear and will only make noises sound less loud. 

Most of the time, conductive hearing loss can be treated but how it is treated depends on the causes and is different for everyone.




Arrondissement of Forcalquier

The arrondissement of Forcalquier is an arrondissement of France in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Forcalquier.

When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department. It is bordered to the north by the Hautes-Alpes department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains, to the south and west by the Vaucluse department and to the northwest by the Drôme department.

The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, after the "arrondissement" of Digne-les-Bains, , but first in population (88,333 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Forcalquier, there are 9 cantons and 7 of them with all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Forcalquier has 97 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Sensorineural hearing loss

Sensorineural hearing loss is the most common and one of the main types of hearing loss. It is also known as "nerve deafness". Unlike the other main type of hearing loss - conductive hearing loss - sensorineural hearing loss is permanent.

Not only does sensorineural hearing loss cause noise to sound quieter but also makes sound less clear. This makes listening when there is a lot of noise harder and also makes hearing other people talk harder.

There are two parts of the ear that can be damaged to cause sensorineural hearing loss, either the cochlea or the hearing nerve. They do not both have to be damaged to cause hearing loss and can be caused by a number of different things. 


Unlike conductive hearing loss, sensorineural hearing loss is permanent. There may be ways to cure it but these are very limited. There are however ways to treat it and make it better. 

Using hearing aids is the most popular way to treat this hearing loss. Hearing aids are not just able to make sound louder, which does not always help (because louder sound does not mean clearer sound) but can also reduce sounds that are not needed to hear other people talk while making speech louder. This is very helpful in making speech easier to understand. 


Helen Prejean

Helen Prejean (born April 21, 1939 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a Roman Catholic nun. She is a member of the Congregation of St. Joseph. She is a well-known activist against the death penalty in the United States.

Helen Prejean was born to Augusta Mae (née Bourg; 1911–1993), a nurse, and Louis Sebastian Prejean (1893–1974), a lawyer. She joined the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Medaille in 1957. In 1962, she received a Bachelor of Arts in English and Education from St. Mary’s Dominican College in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1973, she earned a Master of Arts in religious education from Saint Paul University in Ottawa, Canada.

She has worked as:

Prejean began to work with prisoners on death row in 1981, in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1982, a friend asked her to write to Elmo Patrick Sonnier, who was found guilty of murder and sentenced to death by electrocution. He was in prison in the Louisiana State Penitentiary. 

Prejean visited Sonnier in prison and agreed to be his spiritual adviser in the months leading up to his execution. Doing this made Prejean more aware of the process involved in executions. She began speaking out against the death penalty. At the same time, she also founded "Survive", an organization that counseled the families of victims of violence.

Since 1982, Prejean has ministered to many other inmates on death row, and has witnessed several more executions. She served as National Chairperson of the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty from 1993 to 1995.
Prejean wrote a book called "Dead Man Walking" about her relationship with Sonnier and other inmates on death row. The book was made into a feature film, an opera, and a play. In the film, Susan Sarandon played Prejean, and won an Academy Award for Best Actress.

In 1999, Prejean formed Moratorium 2000, a petition drive that eventually grew into a national education campaign, The Moratorium Campaign. The organization Witness to Innocence, a group of death row survivors who were convicted for crimes they did not commit, started under The Moratorium Campaign.

Prejean published her second book, "The Death of Innocents: An Eyewitness Account of Wrongful Executions", in December 2004. In this book, she tells the story of two men, Dobie Gillis Williams and Joseph O'Dell, whom she accompanied to their executions. She believes that both men were innocent. The book also examines the recent history of death penalty decisions by the Supreme Court of the United States and looks at the track record of George W. Bush as Governor of Texas.

In 1998, Prejean was given the Pacem in Terris Award. This award was named after a 1963 encyclical letter by Pope John XXIII that calls on all people of good will to make peace among all countries. "Pacem in terris" is Latin for "Peace on Earth."

Prejean now bases her work at the Death Penalty Discourse Network in New Orleans, and spends her time giving talks across the United States and around the world. She and her sister, Mary Ann Antrobus, have been deeply involved at a center in Nicaragua called Friends of Batahola.

Prejean has given commencement (graduation) addresses to more than 50 colleges and universities around the world.

She has also won other awards, including these:



Diosdado Macapagal

Diosdado Pangan Macapagal Sr. (September 28, 1910 – April 21, 1997) was the ninth President of the Philippines. He is known for changing the country's Independence Day from July 4 to June 12. June 12 is the day President Emilio Aguinaldo declared independence of the First Philippine Republic from the Spanish Empire in 1898.

He is the father of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, who was the fourteenth President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010.

Alain Poher

Alain Émile Louis Marie Poher was a French politician. He was president of the French Senate from 3 October 1968 to 1 October 1992. Because of this he was interim President of France twice.

Bishop, California

Bishop is a city in Inyo County, California in the United States. Bishop is the only city in Inyo County. Bishop is in the Owens Valley. It was named after Bishop Creek, which comes from the Sierra Nevada mountains nearby. Bishop Creek was named after Samuel Addison Bishop, who moved to the Owens Valley. Bishop had 3,819 people in 2020. It is at an elevation of 4,150 feet (1,260 meters) above sea level.

Noise-induced hearing loss

Noise induced hearing loss (NHL) is hearing loss caused by sounds that are too loud (high decibel level) and damage hearing cells in the ear. This can make noises sound quieter as well as make noise less clear, it can also cause other hearing related symptoms such as tinnitus. NHL is permanent and cannot usually be restored.

Most of the time, NHL happens after being around a lot of noise for long periods of time. Listening to loud music, city traffic or even things like a hair dryer for can damage hearing after a while. But NHL can also happen suddenly when close to an extremely loud sound. This can come from things like being close to an airplane or a gunshot.

Hearing is a very important sense. It can be hard to notice hearing loss, especially if it happens over time instead of suddenly. Even if it is hard for a person experiencing it to notice, it will still have a large effect on their life.

Not being able to hear a conversation when there is a lot of noise around is usually a good sign of hearing loss. Other people may sound like they are speaking softly or their speech may not be clear. Both of these can be signs of NHL. Similarly, having to ask people to repeat themselves and having to try very hard to hear people speak are also signs.

Apart from not being able to hear very well when talking to other people, there are other signs of NHL such as tinnitus as well as some other diseases and medication.

Since NHL causes permanent damage, knowing the signs and causes of it and preventing it early is the only way to keep hearing healthy. 

Although NHL is permanent and most of the time cannot be cured, there are ways to manage it.

The most common thing to do is use hearing aids. Hearing aids can help with hearing loss by making sound louder and speech clearer. They can also be customised by audiologists to suit almost any lifestyle and to suit the specific needs of different people.

North Jeolla Province

North Jeolla Province or Jeollabuk-do (전라북도; 全羅北道; Jeollabuk-do) is a province in the southwest of South Korea. The province was formed in 1896 from the north of Jeolla Province. Its provincial capital is Jeonju.

During the Three Kingdoms of Korea period, the province was the center of Mahan, and Mahan became part of Baekje, one of the three Kingdoms. In the Unified Silla period, the towns of Wansan-ju (now Jeonju) and Namwon-gyeong (now Namwon) were started in the province. When King Seongjong of Goryeo divided the whole country into 10 "do"s, Jeolla-do was called Gangnam-do. Later, in the Joseon Dynasty, it was finally called Jeolla-do.

Jeollabuk-do's area is 8,067 km² and it occupies 8.1% of South Korea.

The province contains 6 cities and 8 counties.


United Nations Secretariat

The United Nations Secretariat is the executive body of the United Nations. It has the primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security. The head of the Secretariat is the Secretary-General of the United Nations, who is appointed by the United Nations General Assembly.

Mohammad Hamid Ansari

Mohammad Hamid Ansari (born 1 April 1937) is an Indian politician. He was the 12th Vice-President of India from 2007 through 2017. He is the first Vice President of India to be re-elected after Dr.Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. Hamid Ansari serves as the president of the Indian Institute of Public Administration. He is also the Chancellor of Panjab University, Chandigarh.

Hamid Ansari was born in Calcutta(present Kolkata), West Bengal on 1 April 1937. He is the grand-nephew of former Congress president Mukthar Ahmad Ansari. Hamid started his career as Officer in Indian Foreign Service in 1961. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1984.

Cashtown, Pennsylvania

Cashtown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community was part of the Cashtown-McKnightstown CDP, until it was split into two separate CDPs for the 2010 census. As of 2020, the population of Cashtown was 453.

During the American Civil War, Cashtown was occupied by the Confederate States Army twice. Once in October 1862 when Confederate cavalry led by General J.E.B. Stuart occupied the town briefly. On June 28, 1863, General Robert E. Lee had invaded Pennsylvania a second time and was on his way to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the state capital. When he received word that the Union Army of the Potomac was coming, he ordered his divisions to assemble at Cashtown. On June 30 Confederate General Henry Heth had his divisions at Cashtown and sent a division to nearby Gettysburg to forage for supplies. Without any reconnaissance to see what was ahead of them, the Confederates into a Union cavalry commanded by General John Buford. This started the Battle of Gettysburg.

Cashtown is northwest of Gettysburg in western Adams County. U.S. Route 30 bypasses the center of the community. It forms the northern edge of the CDP. Old U.S. 30, the original Lincoln Highway, is the main street of Cashtown. McKnightstown is to the east.


Camp Curtin

Camp Curtin was a military training camp in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, during the American Civil War. It was the largest Union Army training camp during the war. There was also a supply depot, hospital and prisoner-of-war camp.

The news of the attack on Fort Sumter reached Washington, D.C. on April 14, 1861. President Abraham Lincoln called for 75,000 militiamen to serve for 90 days. These men were needed to put down the rebellion of the Southern states. In meetings across the North people cheered the flag and called those who seceded "traitors"! Across the North, eager volunteers responded to calls from local governmental officials to join newly raised state regiments. Governor Andrew Curtin of Pennsylvania issued a proclamation asking for 13,000 able-bodied Pennsylvania men to volunteer to help preserve the Union. Within three days, thousands of men had come to Harrisburg to enlist. But they had no place to organize or drill. Governor Curtin decided to use the County Agricultural Society in Harrisburg. Major Joseph F. Knipe officially opened the camp on April 18, 1861, and named it Camp Curtin in honor of the governor (the planned name had been Camp Union). By the end of April, it had sent 25 regiments into the field. From December 1861 to March 1862, the camp was commanded by Major Truman Seymour. In June and July of 1863, General Robert E. Lee invaded Pennsylvania for a second time. His target was Harrisburg and Camp Curtin. However, before he could get there, an accidental meeting between Confederate and Union troops started the Battle of Gettysburg. After the battle Lee's army retreated back to Virginia.

Over 300,000 soldiers passed through Camp Curtin, making it the largest army training camp during the Civil War. Harrisburg's location on major railroad lines running east and west, and north and south. This made it a very good location for moving men and supplies to the armies in the field. In addition to the Regular Army and Pennsylvania regiments, troops from Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Wisconsin used Camp Curtin. The camp and surrounding area also saw service as a supply depot. There was a hospital as well as a Confederate prisoner-of-war camp. At the end of the war, Camp Curtin was used as a mustering-out point for thousands of troops on their way home. It was officially closed on November 11, 1865.



Aiguille de Chambeyron

Aiguille de Chambeyron is a French mountain near the border with Italy, just west of the main chain of the Alps that separates the basin of the Rhône river, to the west, and the basin of the Po river, to the east.

It is the highest peak in the Alps south of Monte Viso.

Aiguille de Chambeyron is in the northeast of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department (commune of Saint-Paul-sur-Ubaye), Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeast France.

With an elevation of above sea level, it is the highest point of the department and of the historical region of Provence.

The mountain is in the "Chambeyron Massif" of the Cottian Alps. It has two summits, with the west one being the slightly higher.

On the north side of the mountain are 2 small and quite dead glaciers, filled with rocks: "Chauvet" Glacier and "Marinet" Glacier.

The lower part of the mountain is made of Triassic limestone but the highest part is made of Jurassic limestone (more solid).

The first recorded ascension of the peak was made by W.A.B. Coolidge, a mountain climber from United States, and Christian Almer and his son, from Switzerland, in 1879.

The more easy climbing route is by the south side of the mountain, from the Chambeyron Hut, a place where is possible to eat and with beds, at an altitude of .

The route to the Chambeyron Hut is, starting from the city of Barcelonette:

Barcelonette > Jausier > La Condamine-Châtelard > Saint-Paul-sur-Ubaye » Fouillouse » Chambeyron Hut

It is possible to get to the hamlet of Fouillouse by car; here there is parking lot.


American Civil War Corps Badges

Corps badges in the American Civil War were originally worn by soldiers of the Union Army on the top of their army forage cap, left side of the hat, or over their left chest pocket. The idea was suggested by Major Geneneral Philip Kearny. During a battle he reprimanded officers that turned out to not be under his command. To prevent that from happening again, he ordered the men in his division to sew a square of red cloth on their hats. This idea was adopted by Major General Joseph Hooker after he assumed command of the Army of the Potomac. This was so any soldier could be identified at a distance.

Maj. Gen. Daniel Butterfield, Hooker's chief of staff, was assigned the task of designing a distinctive shape for each corps badge. Butterfield also decided that each division in the corps should have a variation of the corps badge in a different color. Division badges were colored as follows:
These were used in the United States' Army of the Potomac. These rules were adopted by other Union Armies, however it was not universal. For example, the XIII Corps never adopted a badge. Also, the XIX Corps had the first division wear a red badge, the second division wear a blue badge, and the third division wear white.

For Army corps that had more than three divisions, the standardization was lost:

The badges for enlisted men were cut from colored cloth. Officer's badges were privately made and of a higher quality. Metallic badges were often made by jewelers and were personalized for the user. The badges eventually became part of the Army regulations and a great source of regimental pride.

XIX XX XXI XXII XXIII XXIV XXV Cavalry corps

No badge was designated for the XIII Corps.

I Corps, Army of the Potomac



Jeh Johnson

Jeh Charles Johnson (born September 11, 1957) is an American civil and criminal trial lawyer. He was born in New York City. He was the United States Secretary of Homeland Security. He was the General Counsel of the Department of Defense from 2009 to 2012 during the first Obama Administration. He completed a Bachelor of Arts degree at Morehouse College (B.A.) and law at Columbia Law School (J.D.). he is the grandson of sociologist and Fisk University president Dr. Charles S. Johnson.

Johnson's first name is taken from a Liberian chief, who reportedly saved his grandfather’s life while he was on a League of Nations mission to Liberia in 1930.

Immigration Act of 1917

The Immigration Act of 1917 (also called the Literacy Act and the Asiatic Barred Zone Act) was a United States law to stop certain types of people from moving to the US to live. It was the first law to try and restrict immigration, rather than try to control it. People wanting to immigrate had to pass literacy tests. The law also created new categories of people who would not be allowed to immigrate. People from much of Asia were prevented from immigrating. 

The Immigration Act of 1924 made more restrictions. The laws stayed in place until changed by the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (the McCarran–Walter Act).

Durance

The Durance () is a river in southeastern France, a left tributary of the Rhône river. It is the longest river in Metropolitan France without a department named after it.

The Durance river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Saint-Paul-lès-Durance in the Bouches-du-Rhône department at an altitude of , for a period of 95 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Saint-Paul-lès-Durance
The Durance starts in the "pré de Gondran" ("meadow of Gondran"), on the east side of the "Sommet des Anges" mountain, in the "commune" of Montgenèvre (a ski resort near Briançon), Hautes-Alpes department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the southwest through the departments of Hautes-Alpes, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, Vaucluse and Bouches-du-Rhône.

Finally, the river flows into the Rhône river, as a left tributary, south of the city of Avignon.

The Durance only flows through two departments: Hautes-Alpes and Alpes-de-Haute-Provence; it forms the border between two other departments but it does not flow through them: Vaucluse and Bouches-du-Rhône. It flows through the Var department only for a short distance.

It flows through the following communes, among others:

The main tributaries of the Durance river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Bhatgaon, Raipur

Bhatgaon is a town in the Sarangarh Bilaigarh district of Chhattisgarh, India.

The National Highway 130B passes through Bhatgaon. The nearest airport is Raipur Airport. The nearest railway station is at Champa.


Bhatgaon is a Nagar Panchayat city in district of Sarangarh Bilaigarh, Chhattisgarh. The Bhatgaon city is divided into 15 wards for which elections are held every 5 years. The Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat has population of 10,371 of which 5,131 are males while 5,240 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.Population of Children with age of 0-6 is 1356 which is 13.07% of total population of Bhatgaon (NP). In Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat, Female Sex Ratio is of 1021 against state average of 991. Moreover Child Sex Ratio in Bhatgaon is around 965 compared to Chhattisgarh state average of 969. Literacy rate of Bhatgaon city is 75.97% higher than state average of 70.28%. In Bhatgaon, Male literacy is around 86.80% while female literacy rate is 65.46%.Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat has total administration over 2,224 houses to which it supplies basic amenities like water and sewerage. It is also authorize to build roads within Nagar Panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.

Agender

Agender describes a person with no gender identity. It means that someone does not feel like they fall under any gender. "A-" is a prefix that means 'no' or 'none.' An agender person feels like as if they are neither a male nor a female. 

Agender is also referred to as "genderless", "genderqueer", or "ungendered". Some people who identify themselves as agender may also identify themselves as transgender. However, some don't, as some feel this implies that they identify as a gender other than their assigned gender at birth, and prefers to stick with "agender." Agender may be seen as a non-binary gender, or as a statement of not having a gender identity at all.

Some Agender people more also (but not necessarily) experience gender dysphoria if they are unable to express their identity as something they're comfortable with.

A majority of agender people prefer "they/them" as their pronouns, however, some agender people prefer unique pronouns such as "xe/xer" or "ze/zem", known as neopronouns, others can use conventional pronouns, such as he/him or she/her, or uncommon pronouns, such as /one's or it/its. Some agender people wish to change their bodies to feel more comfortable, while other don't and prefer to stick with the body they already have. 

Despite identifying as not having a gender, Agender individuals can still identify under any sexuality, and should not be confused with asexuality.


Omar Torrijos

Omar Efrain Torrijos Herrera (Feb 13, 1929 – July 31, 1981) was leader of Panama from 1968 to 1981, when he died in a plane crash. He is more commonly known as Omar Torrijos.

Torrijos was the Commander of the Military of Panama. Even though Panama had a President, Torrijos was the leader. He is best known for making a treaty to give Panama full control of the Panama Canal.

His son Martín Torrijos was elected president and served from 2004 to 2009.

Anatoly Dobrynin

Anatoly Fyodorovich Dobrynin was a Russian statesman and a Soviet diplomat. He was the Soviet Ambassador to the United States. He served during the Cuban Missile Crisis.

Dobrynin worked with 6 American presidents. He was well liked in the United States.


Enrico Berlinguer

Enrico Berlinguer (1922 - 1984) was an Italian politician. He was national secretary of the Italian Communist Party (PCI) from 1972 until his death.

Berlinguer was considered the most popular leader of the PCI. He is known for lessening the influence of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in Italy.

Berlinguer was an atheist.

Oosterscheldekering

Oosterscheldekering is a dam and storm surge barrier between the islands Schouwen-Duiveland and Noord-Beveland. It is the largest of the 13 ambitious Delta Works made to protect the Netherlands from flooding from the North Sea.


Shem And Eber Cave

Shem And Eber Cave (in Hebrew: Shem and Ever) is one of the sacred Jewish sites of Safed. the cave was sacred to the three monotheistic religions throughout history and located in the Old City of Safed. according to Jewish tradition in this cave - "Shem" the son of Noah and Eber was established a Beth midrash that Jacob was learning the Torah. 


Pasquotank County, North Carolina

Pasquotank County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,568. Its county seat is Elizabeth City. The county was originally created as Pasquotank Precinct and gained county status in 1739.

Pasquotank County is part of the Elizabeth City, NC Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk, VA-NC Combined Statistical Area.

Pasquotank is the birth county of Nikita Pavlunenko.

Ichirō Hatoyama

Ichirō Hatoyama was a Japanese politician. He was Prime Minister of Japan three times.

Nobusuke Kishi

Nobusuke Kishi was a Japanese politician. He was Prime Minister of Japan two times. Kishi was the grandfather of former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the current Japanese Minister of Defense Nobuo Kishi, and the father-in-law of former Japanese Foreign Minister Shintaro Abe.

Camden, North Carolina

Camden is an town in Camden County, North Carolina, United States. It is the county seat of Camden County, a consolidated city-county. As of the 2020 census, the Camden had a population of 620.

Camden is located on the eastern banks of the Pasquotank River, across from which lies Elizabeth City. It currently has two traffic lights, and is centered at the intersection of U.S. Highway 158 and North Carolina Highway 343. It has five schools: Grandy Primary School, Camden Intermediate School, Camden Middle School, Camden County High, and CamTech High School.

Camden is part of the Elizabeth City, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The Camden County Courthouse, Camden County Jail, Lamb-Ferebee House, and Milford are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Camden is the original home city of Nikita Pavlunenko.

Hearing test

A hearing test is a check for a person's sense of hearing to measure what kind of sounds they can hear and if they have any hearing loss. There are many types of hearing tests used to understand different things about a person's hearing. Hearing tests are also different for adults and children as well. It is mainly audiologists that do hearing tests and they will know what kind of hearing test a patient needs.

Since hearing loss does not always only make sound quieter and may make sound less clear too, there are many different hearing tests to use to understand what kind of hearing loss a person has. 


Audiologist

An audiologist is a health professional in hearing and other auditory problems such as tinnitus and balance. 

The role of an audiologist is to diagnose and treat hearing problems, minimising the impact these problems have on the lives of their patients. Audiologists will provide help that is customised to each patient to help them be able to communicate with the world around them. 

In order to treat hearing problems, they must first be identified. Audiologists do tests and hearing checks on patients to measure and understand the type of help they will need. With the information they gain from these tests, audiologists can advise patients about their hearing health and recommend any treatment that they might need. If treatment such as hearing aids are needed for a patient, the audiologist will be able to help make the solution the best suited to the patient by customising the treatment depending on what the patient needs. This includes helping to find a suitable hearing aid, fitting it and programming it and maintaining it. This applies to other recommended treatment as well. 

Although treatment and help to lessen the effects of hearing problems are a main focus of an audiologist, they also have the role of educating and teaching patients as well as the public. How to prevent hearing loss as well as how to protect hearing are usually the main focus of what an audiologist teaches and may be done through presentations in schools, in workplaces and to the community. It is important for audiologists to educate the public about hearing loss and how important hearing health is as well as how audiologists are able to help. Audiologists treat all ages and types of hearing loss. 

The hearing services of an audiologist are used in many different settings but most work in health care. In health care, they are focused on the main role of an audiologist which is providing hearing health care services including testing for hearing loss and recommending treatment. Many audiologists can be found working with patients in hospitals, medical centers, private practices and in nursing homes. 

Another workplace for audiologists is in education, which is another important role that they perform. They may be working in schools, in universities or even day care centers in order to educate students about hearing loss and prevention. These professionals understand the effect that hearing loss can have on a student's learning and can work with schools to recommend strategies to help build a more supportive environment for students. While they may be more focused on education, these audiologists are still also able to do hearing tests and checks on students and help them find the best solutions for their hearing problems. 

Other workplaces for an audiologist include work with the government and work in research. 


Safed Old Jewish Cemetery

The Safed Old Jewish Cemetery is one of the oldest cemeteries in Israel. The cemetery has been used for hundreds of years as a burial place, including important people and important Jewish religious leaders. The cemetery is located along the western slope of Safed on the slope of Mount Canaan near the Amud River.

The New Safed Cemetery is located under the Safed Old Jewish Cemetery.

In the entrance to the cemetery is the ancient Mikveh that was used for the Rabbi Isaac Luria. His grave is located nearby.

The Military Cemetery of Safed that was used from 1948 is located to the north of the Safed Old Jewish Cemetery.

The Central Monument to the Olei Hagardom is located on the slope of Mount Canaan under the Military Cemetery.


Tiberias Ancient Jewish Cemetery

The Tiberias Ancient Jewish Cemetery is one of the oldest cemeteries in Israel. It has been used for thousands of years as a burial place for many people, including prominent figures of importance to Jewish heritage. It was closed in the 1990's. 

The cemetery is located along the eastern slope of Mount Berenice and near the Sea of Galilee. 

The Tomb of Rachel, Rabbi Akiva's wife, is an ancient tomb building located in the western part of the cemetery.


State school

State schools usually mean primary or secondary schools which educate children without charge. They are funded in whole or part by taxation. The term may also refer to public institutions of post-secondary education. State schools have to follow the national curriculum for their country.

State schools may be called public schools outside of England and Wales.

In the United States, "state school" is colloquial for state university, a college, or a university in a state university system. "Public school" is used for elementary, middle, or high schools that get their money from the government or are run by the government. "Private school" is used for schools that do not get their money from the government, nor are they run by the government. 


Ñeembucú

The Ñeembucú department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Pilar. Its code is PY-12.

The department is almost entirely rural, and there are some of the oldest and best-preserved Jesuit ruins, which are located near the town of Humaitá.

The Ñeembucú department is in the southwest of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of . It is the department with fewest people living in it, with a population of 84,123 for a population density of .


, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Pilar was . The month with the most precipitation was February with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Pilar was . The warmest month, on average, was January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 16 districts:



Wohlen bei Bern

Wohlen bei Bern is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is made of 12 villages: Hinterkappelen, Illiswil, Innerberg, Möriswil, Murzelen, Oberdettigen, Säriswil, Steinisweg, Uettligen, Unterdettigen, Weissenstein and Wickacker.


Wolfisberg

Wolfisberg was a municipality in Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, Wolfisberg became part of Niederbipp.


Worb

Worb is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Worben

Worben is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Wynau

Wynau is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Pontiac (Ottawa leader)

Pontiac (c. 1720 – April 20, 1769) was a war chief. He became known for his role in Pontiac's War (1763–1766), an American Indian war against British military near the Great Lakes region and named for him.  Historians today generally view him as an important local leader who influenced a wider movement that he did not command.

The war began in May 1763 when Pontiac and 300 followers attempted to take Fort Detroit by surprise but their plan was foiled.

He gained confidence as he continued to go against the British. British officials made Pontiac the focus of their diplomatic efforts seeking to end the war.

Pontiac was killed on April 20, 1769.

 

Wynigen

Wynigen is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Los Andes, Chile

Los Andes is a Chilean commune and city; it is the capital and main city of the Los Andes province, in the Valparaíso region.

Los Andes was founded in July 31, 1791 as Villa Santa Rosa de Los Andes by Ambrosio O'Higgins, Governor of Chile, in a place called "Las Piedras Paradas" ("The Standing Stones"). The town was named after Saint Rose of Lima, the first Catholic saint of the Americas.

The commune of Los Andes is in the upper part of the valley of the Aconcagua river, at and altitude of above sea level. The commune has an area of . It is at from San Felipe, at from the national capital of Santiago and at from Valparaíso, the capital of the region.

The commune is bordered on the north and northeast by the San Esteban commune, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Calle Larga commune, on the southwest by the Rinconada commune and on the west and northwest by the San Felipe commune.
The city of San Felipe is along the Aconcagua river, the main river of the province and of the Valparaíso region.

 (last national census), there were 60,198 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of Los Andes has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 55,127 inhabitants.

Its inhabitants are called "Andinos" (women, "Andinas").



Hayato Ikeda

Hayato Ikeda was a Japanese politician. He was Prime Minister of Japan 3 times.

In 1960 Ikeda made a plan called the "Income Doubling Plan". The plan would use construction to double the economy of Japan.

Marcelo Caetano

Marcello José das Neves Alves Caetano (; 17 August 1906 – 26 October 1980) was a Portuguese politician. He had many important positions in the government. In 1968 he became prime minister. In 1974 the military took leadership of Portugal in the Carnation Revolution. Caetano was removed from his position.

Álvaro Cunhal

Álvaro Barreirinhas Cunhal (; 10 November 1913 – 13 June 2005) was a Portuguese politician. He was secretary-general of the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) from 1961 to 1992. He strongly supported the Soviet Union.

San Antonio Province

San Antonio Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). The port city of San Antonio is the capital of the province.

The San Antonio province has an area of , the third smallest province in the Valparaíso region; only the Quillota and Marga Marga provinces are smaller.

The San Antonio province is on the coast along the Pacific Ocean and is bordered on the north by the Casablanca commune (Valparaíso province), on the east by the Melipilla commune (Santiago Metropolitan region), to the south with the Navidad commune (Cardenal Caro province, O'Higgins region), and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The San Antonio valley is a small region where wine is produced. It is very close to the sea around the city of San Antonio, at only west of Santiago.

 (last national census), there were 136,594 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is San Antonio, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 87,205 inhabitants.

As a province, San Antonio is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of San Antonio serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



San Antonio, Chile

San Antonio is a Chilean commune and city; it is the capital and main city of the San Antonio province, in the Valparaíso region. It is one of the most important seaport of Chile.

The city is named after Saint Anthony ().

The city of San Antonio is just to north of the mouth of the Maipo, on small hills and dunes near the coast of central Chile, at and altitude of above sea level.

The commune has an area of . It is at about south of Valparaíso, the capital of the region.

San Antonio is bordered on the north and northeast by the commune of San Esteban; on the east, by the commune of Melipilla and the Maipo river; on the south, by the same river and by the communes of Santo Domingo and San Pedro; and on the west, by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 87,205 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of San Antonio has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 83,435 inhabitants.

San Antonio and several cities around it form a greater space, the Greater (or Conurbation) San Antonio.



Salgueiro Maia

Fernando José Salgueiro Maia was a captain of the Portuguese army. His actions helped the Carnation Revolution remain peaceful.

Black Lives Matter

Black Lives Matter (BLM) is an international activist group. They originated in the African-American community. They are against violence and systemic racism by white police officers towards black people. 

The movement began in 2013 with the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter on social media. It started after the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin. It became famous for street demonstrations following the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. The former sparked riots and unrest in Ferguson, Missouri. The latter led to protests all over the United States.

After the Ferguson protests, participants in Black Lives Matter demonstrated against other African-Americans' deaths, such as Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Laquan McDonald, Philando Castile and Alton Sterling.

In 2020, during the George Floyd Protests, Black Lives Matter became much more widely accepted. Black Lives Matter filed a lawsuit against the police department of Seattle, Washington for violence against protesters.

"It's now something where the Mitt Romneys of the world can join in, and that was something unimaginable back in 2014," said Justin Hansford, executive director of Howard University's Thurgood Marshall Civil Rights Center. "That is the result of six years of hard work by people who are in the movement and have put forward so many discussions that really changed people’s hearts and minds." Hansford was also an activist in Ferguson.

The movement has also been criticized. In the New York Times, Deroy Murdock asked about the true number of black people killed by police, and about the way the BLM movement reported these killings. He wrote: "But the notion that America’s cops simply are gunning down innocent black people is one of today's biggest and deadliest lies". Some of the black leaders of the American civil rights movement criticized the tactics of the BLM movement. Glenn Loury, a professor for economics, warned about focusing on police violence against black people; the other side would only use this to compile statistics; in these statistics black people will be overrepresented. According to Loury, it would be better to reform social structures, so that people could benefit, irrespective of skin color. One of the examples he gave was early-age education.

Rabi crops

Rabi crops are grown in the winter and harvested in the spring in the South Asia. The word means spring in the Arabic language. 

It is also called rabi harvest and spring harvest (also known as winter crop). The rabi crops are sown around mid-November, after the monsoon rains are over, and harvesting begins in April/May. The crops are grown either with rainwater that has percolated into the ground, or with irrigation. A good rain in winter spoils the rabi crop but is good for kharif crops.

Normally wheat barley, mustard, sesame and peas are grown in india. Peas are harvested early, as they are ready early: Indian markets are flooded with green peas from January to March, peaking in February.

Some of the example are: 



Death of Freddie Gray

On April 12, 2015, Freddie Carlos Gray, Jr (August 16, 1989 – April 19, 2015), a 25 year old African-American man from Baltimore, Maryland, was arrested by the Baltimore Police Department for having what police thought was an illegal switchblade. While being transported in a police van, Gray fell into a coma and had to be taken to a local trauma center as a result of the officers not securing him in the van.

Gray later died resulting from injuries to his spinal cord.

Six Baltimore police officers were suspended with pay.

Gray's hospitalization and death resulted in protests and riots in downtown Baltimore starting on April 25. There were multiple arrests and 15 police officers were injured. On April 27, following Gray's funeral, civil disorder intensified with the looting and burning of local businesses, and a CVS Pharmacy.

Rizal Park

Rizal Park (Liwasang Park in Tagalog) is a historical urban park in the Philippines. It is one of the largest urban parks in Asia.
The park is also known as Luneta National Park or simply Luneta.

Presidency of Abraham Lincoln

The presidency of Abraham Lincoln began when he took office as the 16th President of the United States on March 4, 1861. It ended with his death on April 15, 1865. During his presidency he claimed more prerogatives than any other president had done before him. As a result, the small and relatively limited powers of the president grew enormously during his time in office. When Lincoln won the 1860 presidential election, he did it without the support of any of the Southern states. Since the 1830s, Southern states had talked about secession, but it became a serious issue in 1860. Between the election and Lincoln's Inauguration in March of 1861, seven states had seceded from the Union. They formed the Confederate States of America (CSA). When Confederates attacked Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861 and captured it the next day, this started the American Civil War. While having little previous military experience, Lincoln still managed to stand out as a great war president. In 1863, his Emancipation Proclamation freed the slaves in Southern states. It led directly to the abolition of slavery in the United States. Given later that year, his Gettysburg Address is and remains one of the most important speeches in American history. In 1865, as the Civil war was ending he was shot and killed by John Wilkes Booth, a Confederate sympathizer. His death made Lincoln a martyr to the Union cause. He is widely recognized as the greatest president in U.S. history.

By this time Lincoln was well-known in Illinois politics. In 1858 he had debated Stephen A. Douglas in a bid for the United States Senate and lost. At the time, U.S. senators were elected by their state legislatures. So both Lincoln and Douglas were trying for their respective parties to win control of the Illinois legislature. Although Illinois was a free state, the main issue of all seven debates was slavery.

Lincoln spent the next 16 months making speeches for a number of Republican candidates in the North. This both made him many political friends and also was in for his run for President. Up to this time the strongest candidate was William H. Seward of New York. Seward was strongly opposed to slavery anywhere in the U.S. Lincoln took a more moderate view and was opposed to the spread of slavery in new states to the West. 

As Lincoln became more popular in the newly-formed Republican Party he was invited to give speeches in a number of states. In October of 1859, he was invited to speak at Henry Ward Beecher's church in Brooklyn, New York. Lincoln spent months preparing for this speech; more time than he had spent on any speech he had given during the senatorial debates. At the last minute, the site for his speech was moved to the Cooper Union in Manhattan. Lincoln knew why he had been asked to give the address. He was being promoted as an alternative to Seward and other possible Republican candidates. The Cooper Union address got Lincoln the attention he needed to become the Republican candidate for president in 1860. 

In April 1860, the Democrats held their political convention, the Southern Democrats walked out and the convention closed without nominating a candidate. The two sides each held their own conventions two months later. 
Stephen Douglas was the candidate of the Northern Democrats. John C. Breckinridge ran for the Southern Democrats. John Bell, the Senator from Tennessee, ran for the Constitutional Union Party. The split in the Democratic party almost guaranteed Lincoln could win the presidency. At the beginning of 1860, Lincoln was not a major candidate for President. On November6, 1860, with 39% of the popular vote and a majority in the Electoral College, Lincoln was elected President. Voter turnout for the election was 81.2%, the second highest in American history. 

In November of 1860, with Lincoln the apparent winner, a crisis that had been smoldering for at least a decade erupted. Southerners were outraged by the election of Lincoln, who opposed slavery in territories and new states. They began to act almost immediately. James Chesnut, Jr., Senator from South Carolina, resigned just four days after the election. President James Buchanan only made things worse. In December, he wrote a message to Congress. In it he stated he thought secession was illegal. But he added that the federal government could not act to stop any states from leaving the Union. Northerners could not understand how Buchanan could say such a thing. After that, Buchanan's cabinet began falling apart. Howell Cobb, the Secretary of the Treasury who was from Georgia, told Buchanan he quit. A week later, Lewis Cass, the Secretary of State (from Michigan) left because Buchanan had done nothing to stop the secession crisis.

South Carolina was the first to take action. Leaders there had warned that if a Republican won the 1868 election, they would leave the Union. On December 20, 1860 in a special convention, they passed a unanimous resolution to secede. In January of 1861 they were followed by Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Georgia and Louisiana. Texas seceded on February 1. While resolutions for secession were prepared in other states, no more were passed during this period.

While Buchanan did nothing, several senators made speeches in Congress trying to calm things down. The Peace Conference of 1861 was held at the Willard Hotel in Washington on February 4, 1861. Of the 33 states, 21 sent delegates. Former President John Tyler, a native of Virginia, was elected the presiding officer. The convention lasted for about two weeks. During that time a number of proposals were created that were then delivered to Congress. A number of compromises were worked out that would take the form of proposed amendments to the United States Constitution. But none were passed by Congress. At Lincoln's inauguration, he rode in a carriage beside the outgoing president. Buchanan is quoted as saying to Lincoln, "If you are as happy entering the presidency as I am leaving it, then you are a very happy man." Within weeks, four more slave states seceded and the Confederates fired on Fort Sumter.

On March 4, 1861, Lincoln gave his first inaugural address as part of his being sworn in as 16th President of the United States. The speech was primarily addressed to the people of the South. It was intended to lay out Lincoln's intended policies and desires toward the South where seven states had formed the Confederate States of America. His speech was written in a spirit of friendship toward the seceded states. He touched on several points. Lincoln promised not to interfere with slavery in the states where it already existed. He said there would be no Federal hostility towards the states that had seceded for the time being. The Federal Government would “hold, occupy, and possess” its property. It would also collect its taxes. He closed his speech with the warning: 
Lincoln's presidency lasted for about four years. It ran from March 4, 1861 until he was shot by a Confederate sympathizer and died on April 15, 1865. Nearly all of his time in office was consumed by the Civil War. From his election by the Electoral College on February 15 to his inauguration on March 4, Lincoln had little time to assemble a cabinet. 

Lincoln's cabinet was unique in American history. It included all of his major rivals for the 1860 Republican nomination. As part of the political negotiations leading up to the nomination, some had been promised a position in the cabinet. It was not a harmonious group as most of them did not like each other. They had different ideas about governing the country, different ethics and different personalities. In particular, Simon Cameron, was forced on Lincoln by a deal struck with the Pennsylvania delegates at the Republican Convention. He already had a reputation for being incompetent and corrupt. Per the agreement he was Lincoln's Secretary of War. 

Members included:
The Lincoln administration found itself tasked with guiding the country through its darkest days. He inherited the problems from his predecessor, President James Buchanan. In his own inaugural address four years earlier, Buchan had called the issues of slavery “happily, a matter of but little practical importance.” Buchanan took the position he did not have the power to do anything about the impending civil war. He said: “It is beyond the power of any president, no matter what may be his own political proclivities, to restore peace and harmony among the states. Wisely limited and restrained as is his power under our Constitution and laws, he alone can accomplish but little for good or for evil on such a momentous question.” As the civil war approached, under Buchanan's presidency the country slid into a recession.

Rather than ignore or accept the situation, Lincoln had to mend a broken nation or see it torn apart. Between the presidential election and his inauguration, the seven states that seceded formed the Confederate States of America. Their constitution was patterned after the United States Constitution with four differences. It supported states' Sovereignty. It guaranteed slavery would always exist in the Confederate states. It did not allow the Southern Congress to establish protective tariffs. It also limited the term of president of the Confederate states to 6 years. Jefferson Davis was elected as president of the CSA. He was a Mississippi slave owner, a U.S. senator and had also been secretary of war under President Franklin Pierce. The CSA assumed several philosophical positions that differed from those of the United States. It assumed the United States was merely an association of sovereign states as they had been under the Articles of Confederation before the acceptance of the U.S. Constitution. They maintained that as such, each state was free to leave the association of states. The North saw the Union as a permanent country. Lincoln pointed out that each state had given up its own sovereignty when it ratified and accepted the Constitution. He also argued that no state had the right to revolt against their country, the United States of America. But Lincoln remained silent about the CSA from their formation until his inauguration. He repeated his campaign promise, that as President he would take no steps to stop or limit slavery in those states where it already existed. However, he did not accept the proposals made by the Peace Commission. Demonstrating his peaceful intentions, his inaugural address was aimed at preventing other Southern states from joining the CSA. They were not enemies. He would not attack the CSA but would keep and maintain all property of the United States government that existed in the Southern states.

A day after his inauguration, Lincoln received a dispatch from Major Robert Anderson. He was the commander of Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor. He informed Lincoln that if the fort was not resupplied soon, he and his men would have to leave. Lincoln thought of a way to resupply the fort without starting any fighting. He would send unarmed supply ships to Fort Sumter. He informed CSA President Davis of his intentions. This way, the U.S. would not start any fighting but would retain the fort as Lincoln had promised they would. Immediately Davis sent General P. G. T. Beauregard to force the fort's surrender before the supply ships could arrive. At 4:30 a.m. on the morning on April 12, 1861, Confederate guns began a bombardment of Fort Sumter. After 33 hours, Major Anderson surrendered the fort. This was the start of the Civil War.

The war lasted for four years. The North did not anticipate the South would fight almost to the last man to defend its "freedom". The South had no idea that the North, led by Lincoln, would show an iron will to preserve the Union at all costs.

One of Lincoln's military strategies was to blockade the South's ports and approximately of shoreline. At the start of the war, with only a few ships, this was all but impossible. By war's end, the Union had captured or destroyed 1500 blockade runners. But with nearly 5 out of 6 shops able to evade the blockade, Great Britain argued it was not recognized by international law as it was a "paper blockade." The Confederacy was able to ship only a small part of its main cash crop, cotton, to England during the war. Three years before the war the South had shipped 10 million bales of cotton a year. During the war they shipped a total of only 500,000 bales. But English manufacturers had stockpiled large quantities of Southern cotton from the huge exports before the war. What they had on hand carried them through most of the war.

In 1861, both the Confederacy and the Union wanted the help of Great Britain. The North counted on them because of their condemnation of slavery. The Confederacy counted on their help because of the great importance their cotton had to Britain's economy. So both sides had diplomatic relations with Great Britain. The South needed Britain's help to win the war. Also, without the aid of Britain, France would not dare interfere even though they were already friendly with the South. On May 4, 1861, Queen Victoria issued a proclamation declaring Britain's neutrality in the war and recognizing the Confederacy as a belligerent in the conflict. This enraged Lincoln. Seward, his Secretary of State, had already issued instructions to the new minister to Britain to quit and come home should the Queen recognize the Confederacy. France followed with a similar declaration which also recognized the CSA as a nation. Seward warned both nations of the possibility of war with the United States over this issue. 

British Prime Minister Lord Palmerston sent a fleet of naval warships to the western Atlantic in preparation for a surprise attack on New York City. They intended to use the world's largest ship, the SS Great Eastern as a troop transport. They saw a strike against New York would be a strike against the U.S. center of commerce. But in the spring of 1862, the British learned of the Union ironclad warship, the USS Monitor. This cancelled any invasion plans. While the British Navy had ironclad warships, they required deep water to navigate. The Monitor and Northern ships like her could destroy British ships should they try to blockade Northern ports. Russia was also concerned the British and/or French might step in. During the summer of 1862, a coalition of nations considered stepping in to mediate the war. These included Britain, France, Prussia, Austria and Russia. But in the fall of 1863, Tsar Alexander II of Russia sent his navy to protect the United States from any invasion by Great Britain and France. Their Baltic fleet began arriving in New York harbor on September 24, 1863. The Russian Far East fleet was sent to San Francisco.

For the remainder of the war, most European countries had little to gain by recognizing the Confederacy as a sovereign nation. Lincoln was diplomatic in his handling of two Confederates who had been arrested on the British ship the Trent. He ordered them both released. Crop failures in Europe made Union agricultural products popular. Egypt and India were able to supply the cotton that was formerly bought from the South before the war. The Union was also a good customer for small arms and other manufactured goods from Europe. However, dozens of blockade runners and warships were constructed for the Confederate Navy by English shipbuilders during the war. 

In 1861, the American Civil war was the first modern total war. And in 1861, nobody in the United States knew how to fight one. Men could be enlisted and war goods could be manufactured, but generals took time to train. The general in chief of the army in 1861 was Winfield Scott, in charge of an army of only about 16,000 men. Scott was both old and old school (meaning he had no modern training). Quite a few officers had been trained at West Point, but at the time West Point taught engineering, mathematics and fortifications. It taught very little about strategy and nothing about leading large formations of soldiers in the field. None had learned anything about staff work or how to manage an army except those few who could read French or who had any military experience in Europe. One of the worst problems is that field commanders did not even have accurate maps of the areas they had to move and fight in. Except in the West, local maps did not exist for many parts of the country. Unlike Jefferson Davis, who did have military experience, Lincoln had almost none.

Lincoln faced a very steep learning curve when the war started. But Lincoln was a quick study. He had taught himself to be a lawyer. Learning military strategy proved to be something else he could do very well. He read books on strategy, military history and learned from the successes and failures of his troops in the field. He also learned from the enemy's military tactics. He learned so well that by 1862, historian T. Harry William said about him: "Lincoln stands out as a great war president, probably the greatest in our history, and a great natural strategist, a better one than any of his generals." Although there is no evidence he ever read Karl von Clausewitz's "On War", his actions followed the book's central argument: "The political objective is the goal, war is the means of reaching it, and means can never be considered in isolation from their purpose. Therefore, it is clear that war should never be thought of as something autonomous but always as an instrument of policy."


Wyssachen

Wyssachen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Zauggenried

Zauggenried was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Zauggenried, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach and Schalunen merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Zäziwil

Zäziwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


PK machine gun

The PK is a machine gun designed in the Soviet Union and is still being used currently by the Russian Army. The PK went in production in 1961 and entered in 1969 to replace the Degtyaryov and the SG-43. The PK was designed by the AK-47 inventor named Mikhail Kalashnikov. The Russian factory produced over 1,000,000 PK machine guns since the 1960s and today. It’s an upside down AKM.

Zielebach

Zielebach is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Zimmerwald

Zimmerwald was a municipality in Seftigen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 the municipalities Zimmerwald and Englisberg joined together to become the new municipality, Wald.

Chiloé Island

Chiloé Island (Spanish: "Isla de Chiloé"), also known as Greater Island of Chiloé ("Isla Grande de Chiloé"), is the largest island of the Chiloé Archipelago off the Chilean coast with the Pacific Ocean. The island is located in southern side of Chile, in the Los Lagos Region.

Additionally, it has a very special architecture and local culture. As example, the Churches of Chiloé are part of the World Heritage Sites.

It is the second largest island of Chile, after Tierra del Fuego, which is shared with Argentina.



Chiloé Archipelago

Chiloé Archipelago is an archipelago located in Los Lagos Region, in southern Chile. The main island is Chiloé Island ("Isla Grande de Chiloé").

Additionally, in the archipelago are located 10 administrative communes related with the Los Lagos Region: Ancud, Castro, Chonchi, Curaco de Vélez, Dalcahue, Puqueldón, Queilén, Quellón, Quemchi and Quinchao.


Maipo (river)

The Maipo is a river that flows from east to west through the Santiago Metropolitan and the Valparaíso regions in central Chile. It flows just south of the national capital, Santiago, and ends in the Pacific Ocean.

The Maipo river is one of the main rivers of Chile and is an important source of irrigation and potable water for the region.

The Maipo river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Maipo river starts on the Andes, in the place called "Los Nacimientos", on the side of the Maipo volcano, in the San José de Maipo commune (Santiago Metropolitan Region), at an elevation of about .

From its start, the river flows to the northwest through the "Cajón del Maipo", a canyon; the "El Volcán" and "Yeso" rivers join the Maio before San José de Maipo near the town of "San Gabriel" and as right tributaries. After the city of San José de Maipo the river is joined, also as a right tributary, by the "Colorado" river and then turns to the southwest.

After a total of about , Maipo river leaves the Andes to the south of Puente Alto, still at near of altitude above sea level, and gets into the Maipo valley. Near Talagante, after flowing through the city of Santiago, the "Mapocho" river joins, as a right tributary, the Maipo river.

After crossing the coastal mountains, the Maipo gets to the town of "Llolleo", just south of the port city of San Antonio, where it flows into the Pacific Ocean.

Most of the tributaries of the Maipo river join:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
In the upper part, the Maipo is used to produce hydroelectricity. The "Cajón del Maipo" is a popular tourist region, mainly for water sports like rafting.

In the Maipo valley, grapes are produced with the water of the river and the valley is a very important wine region.



Maipo (volcano)

Maipo is a stratovolcano in the Andes, lying on the border between Argentina and Chile. It is located south of Tupungato, one of the highest mountains in the Americas, and about southeast of Santiago.

The first ascent of this peak was made on 19 January 1833 by Paul Güssfeldt, a German geologist, mountaineer and explorer, together with two Chilean guides: Lorenzo Zamorano and Francisco (only the first name is known).

In Chile, the Maipo volcano is in the Santiago Metropolitan Region, Cordillera province, San José de Maipo commune. In Argentina, it is in the Mendoza province, San Carlos department, Pareditas district.

The Maipo river starts on the western side (Chile) of the volcan. The Diamante river start on the eastern side (Argentina) in the lake with the same name.

The volcano was formed during the Pleistocene. There are four historical and confirmed records of eruptions of the Maipo: in 1826, 1829,1905 and 1912. The "Laguna del Diamante" ("Diamond Lake") was formed by the eruption of 1826.


Black marlin

The black marlin ("Istiompax indica") is a species of marlin. It is found in tropical and subtropical areas of the Indian and Pacific Oceans. The fish has a maximum length of and weight of . It is one of the largest marlins and also one of the largest bony fish. 

This marlin is one of the fastest fish, with speeds of up to . This is estimated from the speed that hooked marlins unwind fishing line. Black marlin are fished commercially and are also a highly prized game fish.

Lindi Region

Lindi Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions. The regional capital is Lindi.

Much of the western part of the Lindi Region is in the Selous Game Reserve.

Seven Kings School

Seven Kings School (used to be known as "Seven Kings High School") is a mixed comprehensive (primary and secondary) school in Ilford in East London, England. For students aged 4–18 years old, Seven Kings School has a separate Primary school and Secondary school buildings, which are close to each other. Seven Kings has also took part in and won awards (which are well known around the UK), such as, The Jack Petchey Award and are known as a National Teaching School. Seven Kings were the first to work to include pupils with special needs and disabilities.

Seven Kings Primary School is a four-form entry school (they have four classes for each year group), with 120 reception children who started in September 2015.  While they move up, a 120 more children will start going to the school, every year. The school will be full by September 2021, when the original class of reception children becomes Year 6. These first children will be the original year groups of the school and will see the school grow, as they move up through it. All children who go to Seven Kings Primary will be allowed to move on to Seven Kings High School, if they or their parents choose to do so.

Seven Kings also has a sixth form (Year 12 and Year 13). The sixth form allows more students than the secondary school and allows pupils from boroughs and towns next to Redbridge. More than a hundred students are from another school but this can change on how many Year 11s carry on. You can pick up to four A-Levels there.

In 2007, the school inspectors (Ofsted) gave Seven Kings High School a Grade 1 or an 'outstanding' - this is the highest award they can give.

In 2009, Ofsted have said that SKHS is one of the twelve 'outstanding' schools that help people who wouldn't have found any or 'disadvantaged communities'.

Shyampur Thana

Shyampur () is a Manufacture Zone of Bangladesh and the second Industrial zone of Dhaka city has an Estimated Material factories a total lists of factories main Ironical Mechanics factory fifty six garments Eighty nine iron factory one thousands sixty five Dying factory five thousands anothers factories which is related to Entrepreneurs and Economical Development meteorological

Shyampur is located at . Its has an areas of total 2.31 km².

This Shyampur has a population of 60152. Males constitute 49.78% of the population, and females 50.22%. Shyampur has an average literacy rate of 52.68%, and the national average of 32.4% literate.

Shyampur has 1 Union/Wards, 7 Mauzas/Mahallas, and 3 villages. 


Pulau Ubin

Pulau Ubin (also called Ubin Island) is an island at the northeast of Singapore. The island is now a tourist attraction. Less than 100 people stay on the island. But many people visit in the daytime to enjoy nature.

"Pulau Ubin" means "Granite Island" in Malay language.

Visitors can take a boat from Changi Point Ferry Terminal. It takes 10 minutes to reach Pulau Ubin.
On the island, people can ride bicycles. There are some shops which rent bicycles to visitors.

Aljunied MRT station

Aljunied MRT station (EW9) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the East West line in Geylang, Singapore. Named after Aljunied Road, this station primarily serves Aljunied, one of the subzones that make up Geylang planning area. The station was opened on 4 November 1989. It was formerly called E4, well before 2001.

On 26 June 2009, train services along the East West line were disrupted for almost 18 minutes at about 7.25 pm after a Chinese man in his 40s jumped onto the train tracks ran towards Paya Lebar. SMRT staff did not manage to find the man but he was arrested by the police after found his way down to the street. He had leg injuries and was later charged with attempted suicide.

Aljunied was the temporary terminal for trains that travel to and from Joo Koon during the early closures, late openings and full closures from 5 January 2018 to 4 February that year.


Regional Science Association International

Regional Science Association International (RSAI) is an international association of Regional science. The organization was established in 1954 as an international community of scholars interested in the regional impacts of national or global processes of economic and social change. located in the University of Azores, Azores, Portugal. the organization is beneath center of 22 regional organizations worldwide.


Meteomont

Meteomont is the mountain meteorological service of the Italian Army. The service helps with search and rescue. It also assesses the risk of avalanches, gives early warning of avalanches, and assesses mountain snow conditions in general. The service works together with the Carabinieri (the Italian Army law enforcement service), the meteorological and intelligence service of the Italian Air Force, and the Alpini. The Alpini are the elite mountain troops of the Italian Army.

Whitelist

A whitelist is a list of acceptable, recognised or privileged people, websites or images. On the computer, a whitelist shows a list of websites that you can go to; any website not on the whitelist is not accepted. The opposite is a blacklist, which shows a list of websites that you cannot go to.

Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho

Otelo Nuno Romão Saraiva de Carvalho (August 31, 1936 – July 25, 2021) was a Portuguese military officer. He was the chief strategist of the 1974 Carnation Revolution in Lisbon. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Portugal in 1976 and in 1980.

On July 10, 2021, Otelo was hospitalized at Hospital das Forças Armadas in Lisbon. He died fifteen days later on July 25 from heart failure, aged 84.

António de Spínola

António Sebastião Ribeiro de Spínola (generally referred to as António de Spínola, ; 11 April 1910 – 13 August 1996) was a Portuguese military officer.

During the Carnation Revolution, Marcelo Caetano would only surrender to Spínola. This gave Spínola an important place after the revolution. He was made president of the National Salvation Junta. Then he became President of Portugal. He was only President 4 months before Francisco da Costa Gomes took the position.

Vasco Gonçalves

General Vasco dos Santos Gonçalves was a Portuguese army officer. After the Carnation Revolution, he served as the Prime Minister of Portugal.

Francisco de Sá Carneiro

Francisco Manuel Lumbrales de Sá Carneiro founded the Portuguese Social Democratic Party in 1974. He was elected Prime Minister of Portugal in January 1980. Sá Carneiro died in a plane crash in December 1980.

Nederlandse Spoorwegen

Nederlandse Spoorwegen () or NS is the main passenger railway operator in the Netherlands. NS provides rail services on the Dutch main rail network. The rail infrastructure is maintained by network manager ProRail, which was split off from NS in 2003. Freight services, formerly operated by NS Cargo, merged with the DB Schenker group in 2000.

NS runs 4,800 scheduled domestic trains a day, serving 1.1 million passengers. In addition, NS provides international rail services from Abellio which runs Abellio Greater Anglia, Merseyrail and ScotRail in the United Kingdom.

Zollikofen

Zollikofen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of the capital of Berne.


Whitechapel

Whitechapel is a district in the East End of London, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.

It is 3.4 miles (5.5 km) east of Charing Cross and roughly bounded by Petticoat Lane and Mansell Street to the west, Fashion Street to the north, Cambridge Heath Road and Sidney Street to the east and The Highway to the south.

Because the area is close to the London Docklands and east of the city, it has been a popular place for immigrants and the working class. The area was the centre of the London Jewish community in the 19th and early 20th century. It is where the infamous Whitechapel Murders by Jack the Ripper took place in 1888. In the latter half of the 20th century, Tower Hamlets (including Whitechapel) became the largest settlement for the British Bangladeshi community, particularly on and around Whitechapel Road and Brick Lane.

Holywood

Holywood ( ) is a town in the metropolitan area of Belfast in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is a civil parish and townland of 755 acres lying on the shore of Belfast Lough, between Belfast and Bangor. Holywood Exchange and Belfast City Airport are nearby. The town hosts an annual jazz and blues festival.

Zuzwil, Bern

Zuzwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Odie

Odie is a fictional character in the Jim Davis comic strip "Garfield".


Zablon Simintov

Zablon Simintov (born 1959) is thought to be the last Jew in Afghanistan. He was born in Herat. Simintov had lived with the second last remaining Jewish man in Afghanistan, Ishaq Levin, who died on January 26, 2005, aged around 80. 

Simintov says it is not easy to practice his religion alone. However, he has obtained special permission from the nearest rabbi, in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, to slaughter his own meat in line with "kosher" dietary laws. That can normally only be done by a specially trained and qualified Jewish ritual slaughterer. He says that he receives special kosher packages for Passover from Afghan Jews living in New York. 

His wife and two daughters live in Israel. When asked during an interview whether he would emigrate to Israel, Simintov retorted, "Go to Israel? What business do I have there? Why should I leave?"

History of hearing aids

The first hearing aids were made in the 17th century. Since the 13th century people had been making similar devices by hollowing out the horns of animals. Hearing aids did not improve very much until electricity and the telephone were created in 1898. This is when the first electric hearing aid was created, but it was not given out to the public to use until later in the 20th century. Over the past century however, the fast development of technology has changed and improved the hearing aid greatly, making new designs and adding new functions to be able to help even more hearing problems.

The first hearing aids were called ear trumpets and were large funnel-shaped devices that were mostly made out of metal, animal horns, wood and even snail shells. People would hold them to their ear when they needed to use it to hear. These hearing aids did not make sound louder but collected sound and directed it into the ear which made the sound energy stronger when it hits the ear drum. Ear trumpets worked by capturing more sound for users, so the best way to make them work was for others to speak into the opening of the trumpet. When used in more public places such as concerts, the ear trumpet would not be as effective. Background noise could not be blocked and would enter the trumpet along with the sounds that the user is trying to focus on.
Late in the 19th century, after the invention of telephones and microphones, the electric hearing aids were created. Though they were made during the 1870s - 1890s, they did not become popular until the early 20th century. 

The first electronic hearing aid was called an Akouphone, and was invented by Miller Reese Hutchinson. It used a carbon transmitter created by Thomas Edison which could increase sound by about 15 decibels by using an electric current to make the sound signal stronger. These first electronic hearing aids were portable but still a little large and were not easily carried around. They sometimes had a scratchy noise and could not pick up all sounds so were not ideal. 

In 1920, the vacuum-tube hearing aid was created by Earl Hanson who was a naval engineer. These devices used the transmitter found in telephones to make sounds louder. It would do this by turn sound into electronic current and making it louder and moving it to the ear. Vacuum tubes could increase sound by up to 70 decibels, and worked better because they could control electricity better than carbon could. These were first the size of a cabinet, but between the 1920s - 1930s, they were made small enough to fit into a small box. The hearing aids were continued to be made even smaller and in the late 1940s, a device that could fit in the pocket was made. This device still connected to the ears through wires so they were not very popular. 

Vacuum tubes were replaced by smaller and better transistors. The transistor was smaller, needed less power and sounded better than the vacuum tubes. With the small transistors, hearing aids were finally able to be worn inside or behind the ear, making hearing aids much more popular. 

Later in the 20th century, transistors were beginning to be made out of silicon and hearing aids could be made even smaller. Microprocessors were created and also added into hearing aids and sound signals were made to be processed digitally. Eventually, this allowed for hearing aids to be programmed, and customised to the needs of users. The technology inside the hearing aids is similar to the technology in mobile phones, computers and televisions. 


Presbycusis

Presbycusis is a type of sensorineural hearing loss which is caused by natural aging. Presbycusis occurs over time, becoming worse as people age and can not be reversed. It is the most common form of hearing loss and the second most common illness among older people, effecting up to 1 in 3 people by the age of 65. 

Presbyusis results in less ability to hear sounds. Since it occurs over time, many people do not know that they are affected and think that their hearing is normal. There are symptoms that show signs that hearing loss is present. 

Communication for people with presbycusis usually will become a lot more difficult. Although noises may still sound loud, it is common that the sounds will not be clear. This is especially true when hearing high-pitched or high-frequency sounds. 

Unlike other forms of hearing loss such as noise-induced hearing loss it is a normal part of aging. Even though it occurs naturally, there are factors that can make it worse and make it happen earlier in life. Presbycusis is usually a form of sensorineural hearing loss, which means that it is due to problems in the inner ear or the hearing nerve due to loss or damage to the hair cells that line the inner ear. The most common causes of sensorineural hearing loss are exposure to loud noise for long periods of time and some diseases. 

Most hearing loss can both be prevented or managed if the proper precautions are taken. 


Hyperacusis

Hyperacusis is a hearing health problem where people become more sensitive to some sounds for certain frequencies and volumes. This can make everyday sounds such as a car, dishwasher or refrigerator sound very loud. It is usually very difficult to tolerate and can be uncomfortable or even painful for people experiencing it. 

The increasing sensitivity of the ears caused by hyperacusis is painful for many people. It can negatively effect the everyday lives of people experiencing it. It can make it very difficult and even not possible to do their everyday jobs and take care of their responsibilities. There are many symptoms experienced by those with hyperacusis. 

Like other hearing problems, hyperacusis can start suddenly or gradually over time. It can affect people of all different ages in one or both ears. There are a variety of possible causes:

These are the main causes of hyeracusis and most hearing problems. There are other less common causes such as post-traumatic stress disorder. 

Hyperacusis cannot always be fully cured, but for most people the symptoms get better with time and treatment. People need to learn to use hearing protection against sounds which are very loud, but to not use these in everyday situations. Protecting the ears too much will make the symptoms worse instead of better. 

Bolesław Bierut

Bolesław Bierut was a Polish Communist leader. He became President of Poland after the Soviet Union took leadership of the country. Bierut was a strong supporter of Stalinism.

Władysław Gomułka

Władysław Gomułka (; 6 February 1905 – 1 September 1982) was a Polish communist politician. After World War II he was the leader of Poland until 1948. Following the Polish October he became leader again from 1956 to 1970.

Gomułka was one of the key leaders of the Warsaw Pact. He supported Poland's participation in Prague Spring in August 1968. One of his notable achievements was negotiating the Treaty of Warsaw (1970) with West Germany. The treaty meant Germany agreed to the post-World War II borders.


Tinnitus masker

A tinnitus masker is an electronic device that makes quiet sound. It is used by people with tinnitus to cover up ringing or other sounds they hear. Many people who have tinnitus also have hearing loss. This means they cannot use a hearing aid that also acts as a tinnitus masker. Many times, tinnitus maskers need to be customised by an audiologist. This is to make sure the sound it makes can stop the person from hearing their tinnitus.

Sounds from tinnitus are heard differently by everyone. It can be occasional or constant. It can also come as different sounds, and be loud or quiet. How loud it is (the sensation level) compared to other noise in the environment is an important factor when setting the sound generator. The level of noise produced by a sound generator depends on the sensation level of tinnitus experienced and can be close to this level of this noise or even louder. The purpose of this is to cover up the tinnitus sounds by having a constant noise playing in the background. Noise produced by a tinnitus masker, which is called white noise, is designed to be calming and less irritating than tinnitus sounds. Tinnitus maskers are not actually eliminating tinnitus or reducing it but provide a distraction to cover it up for those experiencing it. 

The idea behind tinnitus maskers can be explained by a light analogy. While turning on a lamp in a dark room will be very noticeable and the change in lighting will be very obvious, the change from turning a lamp on in a room that is already lit will not be very obvious. The change would have been masked by the other light that was already present in the room.

Fengning

Fengning Manchu Autonomous County, Chengde City, Hebei Province jurisdiction, established in 1987. According to "Manchu name test": Fengning County name comes from Emperor Qianlong Yuci, take the word "Fung Fukang Corning."
Geographic location: longitude 116.65 ° north latitude 41.2 °

Qing Emperor Qianlong forty-three years (1778) was built Fengning county.

When the Republic of Fengning under the Rehe system.

In 1940 the county seat by the town moved to town.

May 1948 liberation.

December 2, 1986, the State Council approved the establishment of Fengning Manchu Autonomous County.

April 1987 Fengning Manchu Autonomous County officially listed.
Fengning paper cutting has a long history, Fengning folk paper-cut began in the reign of Emperor Kangxi, the beginning of paper-cut is used to reinforce the windows, blocking the window joints, and later gradually developed, gradually rich colors, the development of the characteristics of decorations, cultural values are also rising . 1993 Fengning was the Ministry of Culture named "Chinese folk paper-cut art town" now has Wei Wene, Shi Junfeng and other cultural heritage successor
In 2014, the Ministry of Culture website published "on the publicity of the fourth batch of national intangible cultural heritage representative list of projects recommended list" announcement, Fengning Teng cloth paste successfully included in the fourth batch of national intangible cultural heritage Directory. Teng 's cloth painting is a new painting by Teng Teng, a folk artist of Fengning, Hebei. His technique is a combination of painting, sculpture, heap embroidery, thangka and paper - cutting, and the materials are exquisite, colorful and delicate. Realistic, drawn widely. 
Fengning is a famous revolutionary poet Guo Xiaochuan's hometown. Guo Xiaochuan, the famous poet, writer. Born in 1919, died in 1976. Guo Xiaoguan, formerly known as Guo Enda, was born in the Fengning Manchu Autonomous County town of Fengshan (at the time was the predecessor of Chengde - Rehe Province) an intellectual family. The main works are: "plain old man", "into the fiery struggle", "to young citizens", "Pengcheng Wanli", "general trilogy", "sugar cane forest - blue gauze", "Kunlun line".

Zweisimmen

Zweisimmen is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Zwieselberg

Zwieselberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Otto Frank

Otto Heinrich Frank (12 May 1889 – 19 August 1980) was a German industrialist who later became a resident of the Netherlands and Switzerland. He was the father of Anne and Margot Frank and husband of Edith Frank, and was the only member of his family to survive the Holocaust. He inherited Anne's manuscripts after her death, arranged for the publication of her diary as "Het Achterhuis" in 1947 (known in English as "The Diary of a Young Girl"), and oversaw its adaptation to both theater and film.

Emanuel Swedenborg

Emanuel Swedenborg (; ; born Emanuel Swedberg on 29 January 1688; died 29 March 1772) was a Swedish scientist, philosopher, theologian, revelator, and mystic. He is best known for his book on the afterlife, "Heaven and Hell" (1758). He was the father of mineralogy and physiology of brain. 

His writings inspired "Swedenborgianism".

Little Robots

Little Robots is a British stop-motion animated children's television programme of BBC.

The show was produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Create TV and Film Limited and broadcasted by BBC. It aired from 2003 to 2005. The show was based on a book by Mike Brownlow published in 1999. The main character is Tiny Robot, who is a turquoise decirobot.


Panaro

The Panaro () is a river of northeastern Italy, the last important right tributary of the Po river. It starts in the Northern Apennines mountain range and flows through the Emilia-Romagna region.

The Panaro river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Panaro river, with the name "Rio delle Tagliole", starts in the northern Apennines where Emilia-Romagna meets Tuscany, in the place called "Foce a Giovo" near the Monte Cimone.

From here it flows to the northeast down the valley. At Pievepelago (in the Modena province), its name changes to Scoltenna. Finally, the name is changed to Panaro after the confluence of the Scoltena and the "Leo" stream in the Montespecchio valley, Pavullo nel Frignano.

It borders the "Parco regionale dei Sassi di Roccamalatina" ("Regional Park of the Sassi di Roccamalatina") and keeps flowing to the north. South of Modena, in "Ponte Guerro", it is joined by the "Guerro" stream and in "Fossalta", a place to the east of Modena, it is joined, as a left tributary, by the "Tiepido" stream, its main tributary.

At Bomporto, the river joins the "Naviglio de Modena" ("Modena canal or waterway") and can be navigated until its confluence with the Po, on the border with the Veneto region and to the west of Ferrara.

The Panaro river flows through the cities of Vignola, Finale Emilia and Bondeno and just to the east of Modena.

Of historical and artistic interest is the bridge of Olina (), built in 1522 across the river (still called Scoltenna) near the town of the same name, in the commune of Pavullo nel Frignano

The Panaro flows mainly through the province of Modena but it also flows for a short distance in the Ferrara province after Finale Emilia. It flows through several comunes; some of them, all in the Modena province, Emilia-Romagna region, are:

The tributaries of the Panaro river are small streams; the most importants are the Guerro () and the Tiepido (); they join the Panaro from the left side.



Numa Pompilius

Numa Pompilius was the second King of Rome. He succeeded Romulus in the year 715 BC. Numa was of Sabine origin. He is credited with creating the most important religious and cultural institutions in Rome most prominently the Pontifex Maximus, Most modern historians consider Numa to be pure legend and regard his reign as myth.

Exposure action value

Exposure action value is a limit on the level of noise that workers can be exposed to. The level of noise is measured in decibels and after this level, the workplace needs to make sure that workers are protected from the noise. Safety plans need to be made to stop or lower the risk of hearing health problems for workers.

It is the job of the employer to make sure that workers are safe at work by creating a program that will reduce the risk of any problems.

In order to control the level of noise in the workplace, a noise dosimeter is used. These devices can be worn on the body of a worker to record the level of sound they hear throughout their whole work day as they move to different areas of the workplace. They can also be used to measure the level of noise in a large specific area of the workplace. How the device is used depends on the work environment. Some workers will be walking to different areas of a workplace throughout the whole day and hear different levels of sound but some will only be staying in one area. If the noise dosimeter shows that the level of noise reaches the exposure action value, the employer needs to start using the program they have created to stop any future damage to their worker's hearing health.

The first part of this program is to find out which workers are affected by the noise that is over the exposure action value. Once the workers have been found, they each need to do a hearing test. This will help employers figure out how much hearing protection they will need to keep their workers safe as well as be able to compare the hearing level of the workers at this time to hearing levels later on. If there are large changes, that usually means that workers need more help with their hearing health.

After the tests are done, employers will be able to give the workers the type of hearing protection that is best for them. Workers should be able to pick the kind of hearing protection that they would like and it should not cost them. Tests should continue to be done on the workers and their hearing protection to make sure that it still works.

In order to make sure that workers also take care of their own hearing, the workplace should also train workers to understand hearing health and how to keep their hearing healthy.

Nazi salute

The Nazi salute or Hitler salute is a gesture that was used as a greeting in Nazi Germany. The salute is performed by extending the right arm in the air with a straightened hand. Usually, the person offering the salute would say ""Heil Hitler!"" (Hail Hitler!), ""Heil, mein Führer!"" (Hail, my leader!), or ""Sieg Heil!"" (Hail victory!). 

It was adopted in the 1930s by the Nazi Party to show obedience to the party's leader, Adolf Hitler. It also gave honour to the German nation (and later the German war effort). 

The salute was required for all civilians. It was mostly optional for military personnel who retained the traditional salute until shortly after the failed assassination attempt on Hitler on July 20, 1944.

Use of this salute is currently a criminal offense in Germany, Italy, Japan, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria and Uzbekistan. In Switzerland, France, Canada, the Netherlands and Sweden, the salute is illegal hate speech if used for promoting Nazi ideology. In the United States, and most of the world (including Latin America, Brazil, Portugal, Spain, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, Singapore, China, South Korea, Hungary, Romania, Poland, Norway, Denmark and Finland), use of the salute is not itself a criminal offense or constitutes hate speech, but contains discourteous phraseology if used for constituting Neo-Nazism.

Wengen

Wengen is a village in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Stechelberg

Stechelberg is a small village in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Coimbatore district

Coimbatore district is one of the 32 districts of Tamil Nadu. Its headquarter Coimbatore city is the second biggest city in the state of Tamil Nadu. Coimbatore district is one of the most industrialized district of Tamil Nadu in textiles, education, healthcare, information technology, manufacturing etc. As of 2011, Coimbatore district had a population of 34,58,045 and the literacy rate is 84%.

Coimbatore district was a part of the historical region of Kongu Nadu. It was ruled by the Cheras in the ancient period. Coimbatore is an important region between the Roman trade route that extended from Muziris to Arikamedu. In the 10th century, the medieval Cholas conquered the region. In the 15th century it was controlled by the Vijayanagara Empire. The Madurai Nayaks introduced the Palayakkars system after capturing Kongu Nadu region. It was divided into 24 palayams. Later this region came under the Kingdom of Mysore. After the defeat of Tipu Sultan in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War, the region was annexed with Madras prescidency.

Coimbatore played an important role in the Second Polygar War when the region was under Dheeran Chinnamalai. Coimbatore city was named the capital of newly formed Coimbatore district. It is said that the district comprised of modern-day Tiruppur, Erode, Karur, Nilgiris in Tamil Nadu, Palakkad in Kerala and Chamarajanagar in Karnataka.

Coimbatore district is in the Western part of Tamil Nadu state. The district is fed with many rivers. The rivers of Bhavani, Noyyal, Amaravathi, Kousika and Aliyar are the major rivers flowing through this district. The drinking water is sourced by the Siruvani Dam. Waterfalls in the district include Monkey Falls, Thirumoorthy Falls, Vaideki Falls, Sengupathi Falls and Chinnakallar Falls.

The Coimbatore district is near the Nilgiri Mountains, Anaimalai ranges and the Munnar ranges. Forests consist of 20% of the district's area. The main trees of these forests are the Teak, Sandalwood, Rosewood and Bamboo, which are used for commercial purposes. Wild Elephants, Tigers, Spot-billed Pelicans, Wild boar, leopards, Bison, Nilgiri tahr, Sloth bear animals are common in these regions.

The Coimbatore district had a population of 34,58,045 with literacy rate of 84% and sex ratio of 1000 females per 1000 males. The population also consists of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. Tamil is the principle language spoken in this region. The Tamil spoken here is known as Kongu Tamil, a variant of Tamil and English. Being near the border of the state, a small proportion of people speak Malayalam, Telugu and also Kannada. The majority religion is Hindu.

Valparai is a town in the Coimbatore district. It is in the mountain region and is an excellent tourist place. This town is also famous for tea plantations. Several waterfalls such as the Monkey Falls are in this district. Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary is in a valley between the Anaimalai Hills and Nelliampathi Hills. The Perur Pateeswarar temple, Vana Badhrakali Amman temple, Masani Amman Temple, Marudamalai Murugan Temple are famous temples present here. The mountains of the Western Ghats also run through this district.

Slime Rancher

Slime Rancher is an Indie open world first person life simulation game video game made by Monomi Park. The game was put on Steam Early Access on January 14, 2016, and released on August 1, 2017, supporting Windows, OS X, PlayStation 4, Xbox one, and Nintendo Switch.

The player controls a character called Beatrix LeBeau, a rancher who moves to another planet. The player must build their ranch to collect, raise and feed slimes who are Living creatures. The game is based around feeding slimes so they make "plorts" which the player can sell for Newbucks. Newbucks are used for lots of things like, upgrading the players ranch and Upgrading the player. The player uses their Vacpack which is used to store a certain amount of items.

Different slimes have different favorite foods. If you feed them their favorite foods they will drop more plorts. All foods can be grown including meats such as hen hens and other types of poultry. In order for you to grow meat you have to have a farm where the animals can reproduce. All vegetation can be grown on your land along with the animals. For a list of favorite foods of all the slimes click this link: list of favorite foods

A sequel named Slime Rancher 2 is in early access.

Reviews of this game have talked highly of it for its joyful atmosphere and bright colors. 

Soledad Giménez

Soledad Giménez Muñoz, also known as Sole Giménez (February 27, 1963 in Paris, Île-de-France) is a Spanish-French singer-songwriter. From 1983 until 2006, she was the leader of the jazz group Presuntos Implicados. Some of her best known songs are "Alma de blues", "Mi pequeño tesoro", and "Cómo hemos cambiado".

Throughout her career, she has performed with such artists as Joaquín Sabina, María Dolores Pradera, Joan Manuel Serrat, Herbie Hancock, Milton Nascimento, Randy Crawford, Armando Manzanero, Pancho Céspedes, Ana Torroja, Miguel Ríos, Ana Belén, Revólver, Los Piratas, Los Sabandeños, Dúo Dinámico, and Enrique Heredia.

Giménez was born and raised in Paris, France, where she lived until she was 5 years old. In 1968, she moved to Yecla, Region of Murcia, Spain, where her parents were from. Today she lives with her family in Valencia, Spain. 

In 1974, she became member of the Purisima's Basilica girls choir of Yecla.

In 1981, she moved to Valencia, where she began to study fine arts at Facultad de San Carlos.

Two years later, her brother convinced her to send a demo to the RNE's music contest: "Don Domingo" and she was selected to perform on the radio with her band, Presuntos Implicados. At that time, there were eleven people in the band.

As a professional singer, she was hired by the U.S. label RCA. Her first singles were "Miss Circuitos" and "Te voy a provocar", and her first LP album was "Danzad, danzad malditos".

In 2003, she left Presuntos Implicados and began her career as soloist. In 2004, she released her first solo album, "Ojalá".


Gisikon

Gisikon is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Greppen

Greppen is a municipality in the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is at the base of Mount Rigi. The exclave is separated by Lake Lucerne from the rest of the district.

Honau, Switzerland

Honau is a municipality of the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Arrondissements of the Hautes-Alpes department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Hautes-Alpes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Hautes-Alpes are:

Since its creation, the Hautes-Alpes department has had few changes:


Connecticut Compromise

The Connecticut Compromise (also known as the Great Compromise of 1787 or Sherman's Compromise) was an agreement that large and small states reached during the Constitutional Convention of 1787 that established a two-house legislature under the United States Constitution. It retained the bicameral legislature as proposed by Roger Sherman, along with proportional representation in the lower house. It required the upper house, United States Senate, to have two members from each state. The lower house, or House of Representatives, would have representation based on the population of a state.

Fort Sumter

Fort Sumter is a island fortification in Charleston, South Carolina. The fort was where the American Civil War began. On April 12, 1861, Confederate artillery opened fire on the fort. The Union garrison, under the command of Major Robert Anderson, surrendered the fort 34 hours later. Union forces attempted to take the fort back several times during the Civil War. The fort was abandoned by Confederate forces when the Union Army, under the command of Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman captured Charleston in February 1865.

President James Madison recommended a series of coastal defenses in a message to Congress on December 5, 1815. This began a system of forts known as the "Third Coastal Defense System". Congress agreed and construction began on these forts in 1816. One of the locations selected was in Charleston harbor. In 1829 construction began on a shoal in the harbor about west of Fort Moultrie. Over the next 16 years a artificial island was created using of rock and stone. When completed it was designed to house 650 officers and soldiers with 135 guns mounted on three rows, one above the next. All the guns would point towards the harbor. It was named for Brigadier General Thomas Sumter, a Revolutionary War hero.

In 1860 the fort was about 90% complete when work stopped after South Carolina seceded from the Union. In the early hours of April 12, 1861, a mortar shell exploded over the fort starting the Civil War. During the war, Fort Sumter remained in Confederate hands. From 1863 to 1865 Union forces laid siege to the fort. For 587 days Confederate soldiers held onto the fort, although by 1865 the fort had been completely destroyed by Union bombardments.

In 1870, the work of clearing the rubble started. The rebuilding of the fort was directed by General Quincy A. Gillmore. He had commanded the Union guns during the siege of the fort in 1861. But in 1876, the work stopped and the fort began to slowly deteriorate again. From 1876 to 1898, the fort served as a lighthouse.

In 1898, at the outbreak of the Spanish–American War, Army engineers began rebuilding again with a massive concrete battery in the center of the fort. It mounted two 12-inch gun M1895 costal guns. The construction was not completed until after the war. During World War I the two-gun battery (called "Battery Huger") was manned by the U.S. Army. By World War II the guns were obsolete. They were finally removed in 1943. Later in the war it became an Anti-aircraft battery. In 1948 the National Park Service took possession of the fort.

Today, the restored Fort Sumpter, along with the Visitor center and Education Center (both in Charleston) and Fort Moultrie are popular tourist attractions. The fort is accessible only by special ferries that depart from Liberty Square. The ride to the island takes about 30 minutes. There is also a ferry service from Patriots Point which has parking for recreational and taller vehicles. The monument is open to visitors 362 days a year. The restored fort is one level instead of the former three levels. Several of the brick walls still have artillery projectiles stuck in the masonry. The park museum has a scale model of the original fort. It houses the original 33-star U.S. flag that flew during the first bombardment. Also on display is the original flag of the South Carolina militia (called the Palmetto Guard) who took possession of the fort after the Union surrender.



Arrondissement of Briançon

The arrondissement of Briançon is a French arrondissement in the Hautes-Alpes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Briançon.

When the Hautes-Alpes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Briançon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Briançon is the most northern of the Hautes-Alpes department. It is bordered to the east by the Piedmont region (Italy), to the southeast by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the south by the Gap "arrondissement", to the west by the Drôme department and to the north by the Savoie department.

The "arrondissement" of Briançon is the smallest of the two "arrondissements" of the department both in area, , and population (35,752 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are four cantons in the "arrondissement" of Briançon and all have their communes in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Briançon has 37 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Prerogative

A prerogative is an exclusive power or privilege possessed by an official of a government or state as a part of his or her office. Under English law it is right of a sovereign, which in theory, has no restrictions. For example, the British monarch holds Royal prerogatives which have never been fully listed. In practice, they are usually used by ministers on behalf of the monarch. In the United States, the Constitution is written in such a way to allow executive prerogatives. Presidents use these powers to manage crises or to resolve disputes. Although nothing in the Constitution specifically gave him the power to do it, George Washington used executive prerogative to declare neutrality in the 1790s dispute between Great Britain and France. Thomas Jefferson used it to make the Louisiana Purchase. Abraham Lincoln used it many times during the American Civil War.

Arrondissement of Gap

The arrondissement of Gap is an arrondissement of France, in the Hautes-Alpes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital, and prefecture, is the city of Gap, the largest city in the department.

When the Hautes-Alpes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Gap was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Gap is in the southern half of the Hautes-Alpes department. It is bordered to the east and south by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the west by the Drôme department, to the north by the Isère department and to the northeast by the Briançon "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Gap is the largest of the two "arrondissements" of the department both in area, , and population (104,131 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 11 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Gap and all have their communes in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Gap has 130 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Cosgrove Hall Films

Cosgrove Hall Films (also known as Cosgrove Hall Productions) was a Manchester, UK production company begun by Brian Cosgrove. Cosgrove Hall Films produced various series and productions to 1970s, 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. The company was formed in 1976. They stopped creating shows in 2012.




T2 phage

T2 phage is more properly called Enterobacteria phage T2. It is a virulent bacteriophage which infects "Escherichia coli" bacteria. 
It contains linear double-stranded DNA, and is covered by a protective protein coat. T2 is a 'tailed phage', one of a group known as the 'T4-like viruses'.

The DNA of the phage is injected into "E. coli" cells. It quickly turns the "E. coli" cell into a T2-producing factory. New phages are released when the cell ruptures. 

The Hershey–Chase experiments, done by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase, showed how the DNA of viruses is injected into the bacterial cells, while most of the viral proteins stay outside. The injected DNA molecules cause the bacterial cells to produce more viral DNA and proteins. These discoveries showed that DNA, rather than proteins, is the hereditary material.

Rhyme royal

Rhyme royal is a seven-line stanza with rhyme scheme a-b-a-b-b-c-c. It is also spelled Rime royal.

It is unknown who invented this scheme. Geoffrey Chaucer introduced the stanza into English poetry in 14th century. It may have been borrowed from Italian or French poetry, but the form became typically English. Chaucer used the form in "Troilus and Criseyde". Rhyme royal was popular in the 15th and 16th centuries.

Many English and Scottish poets used rhyme royal. It is suitable for long poems. In English literature rhyme royal is almost always composed of ten-syllable lines with five beats. Outside England rhyme royal is not as popular. In the United States Emma Lazarus wrote some poems using ababbcc rhyme-scheme. This stanza comes form her poem "Sympathy" (included in "Epochs").

Poets who wrote rhyme royal frequently were William Morris and John Masefield. In 20th century the stanza went out of use.


Ottava rima

Ottava rima is a stanza of eight lines with the rhyme-scheme a-b-a-b-a-b-c-c.

Ottava rima is of Italian origin. It was used by many poets in Italy, Spain and Portugal in 15th and 16th centuries. Some of the poets to use this form were Ludovico Ariosto, Torquato Tasso, Alonso de Ercilla y Zúñiga and Luís Vaz de Camões. In England it was not so popular at that time. Later Lord Byron wrote "Don Juan" in ottava rima. An example can be found in Emma Lazarus's poetry:


Buëch

The Buëch () is a river in southeastern France, a right tributary of the Durance. It is also called the Grand Buëch in its upper course just to the confluence with the "Petit Buëch" river.

The Buëch river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Laragne-Montéglin in the Hautes-Alpes department, for a period of 15 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Laragne-Montéglin
The Buëch starts several kilometres to the east of "col de la Croix-Haute", a mountain pass in the western side of the "Massif du Dévoluy" mountains, in the "commune" of Lus-la-Croix-Haute, Drôme department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the southwest and gets into the Hautes-Alpes department and then flows to the south.

Finally, the river flows into the Durance river, as a right tributary, near Sisteron, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department.

The Buëch flows through 3 departments and 23 "communes", in 2 regions:

The main tributaries of the Buëch river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Agnes Nixon

Agnes Nixon (December 10, 1922 - September 28, 2016) was an American actress, writer and producer. She was best known as the creator of soap operas, such as "All My Children", "One Life to Live" and "Loving". Nixon was also writer for "As the World Turns". She was the head-writer for "Guiding Light" and "Another World". Nixon was a pioneer in including subjects that were socially relevant into daytime television. She introduced subjects such as abortion, drug addiction and the Vietnam War into her stories.

Nixon was born in Chicago. She died at age 93 in Haverford, Pennsylvania. However, some sources claim Nixon was born in 1927.

Cultured meat

Cultured meat, also called synthetic meat, is meat grown in cell culture instead of inside animals. It is a form of cellular agriculture. Cultured meat is produced using many of the same tissue engineering techniques used in regenerative medicine. Up to now the cost to produce cultured meat has been extremely high. The first cultured beef burger patty, created by Dr. Mark Post at Maastricht University, was eaten at a demonstration for the press in London in August 2013.

Uranium trioxide

Uranium trioxide (UO), also called uranyl oxide, uranium(VI) oxide, and uranic oxide, is an oxide of uranium. UO is a hexavalent oxide, which means that the uranium in the compound has an oxidation state of +6. It can be formed by heating uranyl nitrate to 400 °C.

UO is a poisonous and slightly radioactive substance. It can be harmful if it is breathed in, ingested, or makes contact with skin.

Umutsuz Ev Kadınları

Umutsuz Ev Kadınları, is a Turkish comedy drama TV series, based on the American comedy drama TV series Desperate Housewives.

Richard Aldington

Richard Aldington (8 July 1892 – 27 July 1962), born Edward Godfree Aldington, was an English writer and poet.

Aldington was known best for his World War I poetry and the 1929 novel, "Death of a Hero". He was met with controversy from his 1955 "Lawrence of Arabia: A Biographical Inquiry". His 1946 biography, "Wellington", was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize.

He met the poet Hilda Doolittle in 1911 and they married two years later. They divorced in 1938.

Aldington joined the British Army in 1916. He served in the Royal Sussex Regiment. He was wounded on the Western Front.

Edwin Atherstone

Edwin Atherstone (1788-1872) was an English writer, poet and playwright.

Edwin Atherstone was born in Nottingham on 17 April 1788. He was one of fifteenth children of Hugh Atherstone and Ann Green. He learned in Yorkshire at Fulneck Moravian School. He lived with Mary Wainwright Pearson. They were never married, but had four children, three daughters and a son. Atherstone taught music at school in Taunton. He also collected paintings. The poet died in Bath on 29 January.

Edwin Atherstone wrote a lot. He published his first poem, named "Last Days of Herculaneum" in 1821. His best known work is the poem "The Fall of Nineveh". The poem was written for many years. First edition was published in 1828, and the last one in 1868. It is written in blank verse. It is over twenty thousand lines long. It consists of a prelude and thirty books. It tells about a war between Medes and Assyrians. The war took place some centuries before Christ. Main heroes are Arbaces, prince of Medes, Belesis, a priest and friend of Arbaces and Sardanapalus, a cruel king of Assyria. After many battles Medes got Nineveh, which was the capital city of Assyria. Sardanapalus put fire to his own palace and died inside. Sardanapalus is really a criminal. He ordered execution of one hundred war prisoners. He locked all his concubines in his palace so that they died in the fire. The other poems by Atherstone are "Israel in Egypt", about Moses and freeing Jews form slavery in Egypt, "Abradates and Panthea" and "A Midsummer Day's Dream". He also wrote two novels: "The Sea-Kings in England" (1830) and "The Handwriting on the Wall" (1858).

He was a close friend and associate of the painter John Martin, whose well-known painting "The Fall of Nineveh" was produced in conjunction with Atherstone's poem.



Yuzu

The yuzu is a citrus fruit and plant. It originated in East Asia. The fruit looks like a rough small and yellow grapefruit, and changes colour from green to yellow when it becomes more ripe.

The yuzu is often used in Japanese and Korean cuisine. It appears much like a lemon but tastes more like a floral lime.

Horw

Horw (Swiss German: "Horb") is a municipality in Lucerne-Land in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.


The Swiss Family Robinson

The Swiss Family Robinson (German: "Der Schweizerische Robinson") is a novel by Johann David Wyss. It was first published in 1812. The story is about a Swiss family shipwrecked in the East Indies while on their way to Port Jackson, Australia.

It was written by Swiss pastor Johann David Wyss, edited by his son Johann Rudolf Wyss and illustrated by his son Johann Emmanuel Wyss. The novel was intended to teach his four sons about family values, good husbandry, the uses of the natural world and self-reliance. Wyss' attitude toward education is in line with the teachings of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Many of the episodes have to do with Christian-oriented moral lessons such as frugality, husbandry, acceptance, cooperation, etc. The family includes the sons Fritz, Ernest, Jack and Franz. It also includes their mother and their father who is the main character and narrator. The adventures are presented as a series of lessons in natural history and the physical sciences. It resembles other, similar educational books for children in this period. Examples include Charlotte Turner Smith's "Rural Walks: in Dialogues intended for the use of Young Persons" (1795), "Rambles Further: A continuation of Rural Walks" (1796), "A Natural History of Birds, intended chiefly for young persons (1807)". But the novel differs in that it is modeled on Defoe's "Robinson Crusoe", a genuine adventure story. It presents a geographically impossible array of large mammals that probably could never have existed together on a single island.

Over the years there have been many versions of the story with episodes added, changed, or deleted. Perhaps the best-known English version is by William H. G. Kingston, first published in 1879. It is based on Isabelle de Montolieu's 1813 French adaptation and 1824 continuation (from chapter 37) "Le Robinson suisse, ou, Journal d'un père de famille, naufragé avec ses enfants" in which were added further adventures of Fritz, Franz, Ernest, and Jack. Other English editions that claim to include the whole of the Wyss-Montolieu narrative are by W. H. Davenport Adams (1869–1910) and Mrs H. B. Paull (1879).

Although movie and TV adaptations typically name the family "Robinson", it is not a Swiss name. The "Robinson" of the title refers to Robinson Crusoe. The German name translates as "the Swiss Robinson", and identifies the novel as belonging to the Robinsonade genre, rather than as a story about a family named Robinson.

The novels in one form or another have also been adapted numerous times, sometimes changing location and/or time period:

Book sequels

Film versions

Television series

Made for TV movies

Comic book series

Stage adaptations

Computer adventure game

Parody



Kriens

Kriens is a municipality in Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Barre des Écrins

The Barre des Écrins is a mountain in the French Alps. It is the highest peak of the "Massif des Écrins" and of the Dauphiné Alps mountain range. It is in the Écrins National Park (), one of the ten French national parks.

It is the only mountain or higher in France that is outside the Mont Blanc Massif. Before the annexation of Savoy, that was part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, in 1860, it was the highest mountain in France.

Barre des Écrins is in the northeast of the Hautes-Alpes department (commune of Pelvoux), Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeast France.

The south side of the mountain is rocky while the soil of the north side is covered with ice because here starts a glacier, the "Glacier Blanc".

Barre des Écrins is surrounded by four glaciers:

The first recorded ascension of the peak was made on 25 June 1864 by the Englishmen Adolphus Warburton Moore, Horace Walker and Edward Whymper, guided by Michel Croz from Chamonix and Christian Almer from Switzerland.

William Auguste Coolidge, a mountain climber from United States made the first direct climb up the north side of the Barre des Ecrins in July 1870.


Rubble

Rubble is broken stone, of irregular size, shape and texture. Unfinished stone from a quarry is called rubble. Rubble naturally found in the soil is known also as 'brash'. Where present, it becomes more noticeable when the land is ploughed or worked.

"Rubble-work" is a name applied to several types of masonry. One kind, where the stones are loosely thrown together in a wall between boards and grouted with mortar almost like concrete, is called in Italian "muraglia di getto" and in French "bocage". In Pakistan, walls made of rubble and concrete, cast in a formwork, are called 'situ', which probably derives from Sanskrit (similar to the Latin 'in situ' meaning 'made on the spot').

Walls that use large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling. They are laid at random and are held together with mortar. Where similar work is laid in courses, it is known as coursed rubble. Dry-stone walling is somewhat similar work done without the use of mortar. It is bound together by the fit of the stones and the regular placement of stones which extend through the thickness of the wall. A rubble wall built with mortar will be stronger if assembled in this way. Building foundations made of rubble almost always leak water and are damp.

Rubble walls () are found all over the island of Malta. Similar walls are also frequently found in Sicily and the Arab countries. The various shapes and sizes of the stones used to build these walls look like stones that were found in the area lying on the ground or in the soil. It is most probable that the practice of building these walls around the field was inspired by the Arabs during their rule in Malta, as in Sicily who were also ruled by the Arabs around the same period. The Maltese farmer found that the technique of these walls was very useful especially during an era where resources were limited. Rubble walls are used to serve as borders between the property of one farm from the other. A great advantage that rubble walls offered is that when heavy rain falls, their structure would allow excessive water to pass through and therefore, excess water will not ruin the products. Soil erosion is minimised as the wall structure allows the water to pass through but it traps the soil and prevents it from being carried away from the field. One can see many rubble walls on the side of the hills and in valleys where the land slopes down and consequently the soil is in greater danger of being carried away.


Francisco de Sá de Miranda

Francisco de Sá de Miranda (28 August 1481 – 17 May 1558) was a Portuguese poet.

Sá de Miranda was the first author of Renaissance in Portugal. He was born in Coimbra. His parents were Gonçalo Mendes de Sá and Inês de Melo. He learned Greek, Latin and philosophy at Santa Cruz Monastery. Then he went to Lisbon to study law at the university. He travelled to Italy, where he met many poets including Vittoria Colonna. When he returned to Portugal, he worked for the king.

His main merit for Portuguese literature is that he introduced Italian verse forms. Sá de Miranda was the first author to write sonnets in Portugal. His best known poem is the sonnet "O sol é grande, caem co'a calma as aves". It was translated into English by John Adamson in "Lusitania illustrata".


Alicia Machado

Alicia Machado (born December 6, 1976) is a Venezuelan-born American beauty pageant winner, singer and actress. She was Miss Universe 1996. She was the fourth woman from Venezuela to win the Miss Universe.

Before she was Miss Universe 1996, she was Miss Venezuela 1995.

In 2016, Machado became a United States citizen. Also in 2016, Machado spoke out against Donald Trump. She said that he had called her "Miss Piggy" because of her weight during her year as Miss Universe. She said that Trump also called her "Miss Housekeeping" because she was Latina.

Religious order

A religious order is a group of people who live in some way set apart from others, in accordance with their specific religious devotion. Their principles are usually created from their founder's religious practice. The order may comprise initiates (laity) and, in some traditions, ordained clergy. Religious orders exist in many of the world's religions. Many orders operate monasteries.

Gregorio Honasan

Gregorio Ballesteros Honasan II, better known as Gringo Honasan, is a retired Philippine Army officer. He led an unsuccessful coups d'état against President Corazon Aquino. He played a key role in the 1986 People Power Revolution that ended the rule of President Ferdinand Marcos.

President Fidel Ramos granted Honasan amnesty in 1992 for his actions against President Aquino. He entered politics and became a senator. In 2016 he ran unsuccessfully for vice president of the Philippines as Jejomar Binay's running-mate.

Nur Misuari

Nur Misuari, born Nurallaji Pinang Misuari, is a Moro revolutionary and politician. He is the founder and leader of the Moro National Liberation Front.

Ryder Cup

The Ryder Cup is a golf tournament. It is held between the United States and Europe every 2 years. 

The tournament was first held in 1927. The current venue is Hazeltine National Golf Club in Minnesota, USA.


Hazeltine National Golf Club

The Hazeltine National Golf Club is a golf club in Minnesota, USA. Guests are not allowed in unless accompanied by a member and it is a Championship Golf Club. It is named after Lake Hazeltine. It is a championship golf club.

Gali

Gali can refer to:


Indie game

An independent video game or indie game is a game made without money from a publisher. They often rely on digital distribution, some indie games have become very successful like Minecraft. 

Indie game has no true definition, but has certain features, they are often made by one person or a small team, often smaller than mainstream titles, often not getting money from a publisher. But being without a publisher means that they have no-one telling them what they can and can't do, giving them much more freedom to make a game they want to make. But making a Indie game does not mean they have no publisher. Indie game developers often go to crowd-funding sites to help fund the game, but often make very little profit.

Indie games started on PCs where it currently remains. Indie games become popular as shareware. But as better technologies came out people began to expect more from these small teams, indie games have seen a huge rise in the later half of the 2000s. 


Oscar Stanton De Priest

Oscar Stanton De Priest was an American Republican politician and civil rights advocate. He served as a U.S. Representative from the state of Illinois. During his three terms, he was the only African American serving in Congress.

De Priest proposed a law barring discrimination in the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). The CCC was program of the New Deal to employ people across the country in building infrastructure. His proposal was made a law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

In 1929, De Priest made national news. First Lady Lou Hoover invited his wife, Jessie, to a traditional tea for congressional wives at the White House. In reaction several newspapers published a racist poem called "Niggers in the White House". The poem was first published when Booker T. Washington dined with President Theodore Roosevelt.

Pinus pinaster

Pinus pinaster, also known as the maritime pine, cluster pine, or pinaster pine, is a pine native to the Mediterranean region.

Common names in some other languages are: 

The maritime pine is a large tree tree, that grows up to tall with an average trunk diameter of up to . The bark is orange-red and thick, but thinner in the upper parts of the tree.

The leaves ('needles') are in pairs, broad and long, and bluish-green to yellowish-green.

The maritime pine is monoecious with separate male an female flowers but on the same plant, in cones. The seeds are long, with a wing. Seeds are spread by the wind.

"Pinus pinaster" was described by William Aiton, a Botanist from Scotland, in 1789.

There are three subspecies of "Pinus pinaster" Aiton: 

The maritime pine is native to the southwest and southern Europe, North Africa in Morocco, and along the border between Algeria and Tunisia. It is mainly a pine of low, coastal plains, usually on sandy soils of sea shore dunes; however, in Morocco this species can grow in mountains to an elevation of near .

It has been introduced into regions with a similar Mediterranean climate.

The species is regarded as a highly invasive species. A large production of seeds that are spread by the wind and rapid growth rate all contribute to its ability to invade native habitats, which suffer a loss of species diversity. The maritime pine is reported to be an aggressive colonizer in Chile, Uruguay, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa

The maritime pine is widely planted for timber in its native area. It is one of the most important trees in forestry in France, Spain and Portugal. The pine forest in Landes in southwest France is the largest man-made maritime pine forest in Europe. The resin is also a source of turpentine and rosin.

As well as industrial uses, maritime pine is also a popular ornamental tree, planted in parks and gardens in areas with warm temperate climates.

It is also used as a source of flavonoids, catechins, proanthocyanidins, and phenolic acids.

Littau

Littau was a municipality in Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Littau merged into the city of Lucerne.

Malters

Malters is a municipality in the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Nevinnomyssk

Nevinnomyssk () is a city in Stavropol Krai, Russia. It is occupies both bank (geography)s of the Kuban River at its confluence with the Bolshoy Zelenchuk River, south of Stavropol. Population: 132,141 (2002 Census); 92,000 (1973); 40,000 (1959).

Giuseppe Natoli

Giuseppe Natoli Gongora di Scaliti (9 June 1815 – 25 September 1867) was an Italian lawyer and politician from the Mediterranean island of Sicily. He was Minister of Agriculture under Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour, in the first government of the Kingdom of Italy after unification in 1861.

Startup company

A startup company (startup or start-up) is a new and fast-growing company. They try to meet a marketplace need, offering an innovative product, process or service.

A start-up is usually a small business, a partnership or an organization. Rapid growth is what they aim for. Often, startup companies use the internet, e-commerce, computers, and telecommunications.

The term became fashionable in the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s, when a great number of internet-based companies were formed.

Meggen, Switzerland

Meggen is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Meierskappel

Meierskappel is a municipality of the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Root, Switzerland

Root is a municipality of the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schwarzenberg, Switzerland

Schwarzenberg is a municipality in the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Udligenswil

Udligenswil is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Mount &amp; Blade II: Bannerlord

Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord is an upcoming medieval action role-playing game made by TaleWorlds Entertainment. The game was announced in 2012. It is a sequel to .

The game is set 200 years before "Mount & Blade: Warband." It takes place during the decline of the Calradian Empire and the making of the kingdoms in "Mount & Blade: Warband." The look of the armour, Weapons and buildings will draw from 600 to 1100 A.D.

Bannerlord will have six main factions, each with they own clans who have different goals, as well as smaller factions.

In September 2012, Taleworlds announced the game was in the making and released the trailer.

The game's graphics have been heavily upgraded, the animations have also been upgraded. There are also some new Gameplay features like better inventory system and better artificial intelligence. The current game and features were shown during 2015 Gamescom. In March 2016 40 minutes of gameplay was shown to PC gamer.

Jose Maria Sison

José María Canlás Sison (February 8, 1939 – December 16, 2022) is a writer and activist. He founded the Communist Party of the Philippines.

Sison was arrested during the Ferdinand Marcos presidency. He was imprisoned for almost 9 years. Corazón Aquino released him from prison. Sison went into exile in the Netherlands.

His experience in prison was described in "Prison & Beyond", a book of poetry released in 1986. It won the Southeast Asia WRITE award for the Philippines.
On December 16, 2022, the Communist Party of the Philippines alongside its news organ "Ang Bayan" announced the death of Jose Maria Sison after two weeks of confinement in a hospital in Utrecht, Netherlands.

Mengistu Haile Mariam

Mengistu Haile Mariam (born 21 May 1937) is an Ethiopian politician. He was an important officer in the Communist military junta that governed Ethiopia from 1974 to 1987. He was President of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991.

Mariam was a dictator. It is estimated that he was responsible for 500,000 to over 2,000,000 deaths. In May 1991 Mariam left the country for Zimbabwe. The Ethiopian Civil War ended when he left.

In 2010, Mengistu announced the publication of its memoirs. In early 2012, a manuscript of the memoir, titled Tiglachin ("Our Struggle" in Amharic), was leaked on the Internet. A few months later, the first volume leaked was published in the United States and in 2016, the second volume followed. This time it was published in Ethiopia. Mengistu accused the ERP remains of having published the first volume to sabotage its publication.

B. J. Vorster

Balthazar Johannes Vorster was a South African politician. He served as the Prime Minister of South Africa and State President of South Africa. He is commonly known as John Vorster.

Vorster believed in apartheid. He was part of a group who sentenced Nelson Mandela to life imprisonment.

Vitznau

Vitznau is a municipality in the district of Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It occupies a narrow strip between the lake and the Rigi looming behind; one of the mountain railways to the summit starts in Vitznau.


Weggis

Weggis is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is on the northern shore of Lake Lucerne.


Sursee District

Sursee is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the town of Sursee.

It contains the following municipalities:


Beromünster

Beromünster is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Since 2004, Schwarzenbach part of the municipality.

On 1 January 2009 Gunzwil became part of Beromünster.

On 1 January 2013 the Neudorf became part of Beromünster.


Büron

Büron is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Buttisholz

Buttisholz is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Eich, Switzerland

Eich is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.

Geuensee

Geuensee is a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Grosswangen

Grosswangen is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Gunzwil

Gunzwil was a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

In 2009, it became part of the municipality of Beromünster.

Hildisrieden

Hildisrieden is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Knutwil

Knutwil is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Mauensee, Lucerne

Mauensee is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Lake Mauensee is in the municipality


Cachapoal Province

Cachapoal Province () is one of three provinces of the central Chilean region of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins (VI). Its capital is the city of Rancagua.

The province is named after the Cachapoal river that flows through the province from east to west.

The Cachapoal province has an area of , the largest province in the O'Higgins region.

Cachapoal is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered to the north by the Santiago Metropolitan region, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Colchagua province and to the west by the Cardenal Caro province.

Most of the province is in the valley of the Cachapoal river; it is region where grapes are grown to produce wine.

The people from the province are called "Cachapoalino" (women: "Cachapoalina").

The largest city of the province is Rancagua, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 206,971 inhabitants, followed by the city of Rengo (30,891 inhabitants).

As a province, Cachapoal is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 17 communes ("comunas"). The city of Rancagua serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Hair tie

A hair tie, also known as a ponytail holder, or hair band, is an accessory used to hold back long hair, particularly away from areas such as the face. This is usually done as part of a hairstyle, such as pigtails, ponytails, or afro puffs.

Hair tie's elasticity and durability varies according to the material or materials from which they are made. Most hair ties are made of elastic, wool, rubber, or stretchy cotton. A specific type of hair tie is known as a scrunchie. Scrunchies are hair ties that are covered with fabric. 

Wrath of the Titans

Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 American-British-Spanish fantasy-adventure film directed by Jonathan Liebesman. It is a sequel to Clash of the Titans, and stars Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Rosamund Pike, Ralph Fiennes, Édgar Ramírez, Toby Kebell and Bill Nighy. The film takes place ten years after the events of the first film and involves Perseus battling to save Zeus-who is being held captive in the Underworld-as well as defeat the Titans (who have broken free from Tartarus thanks to the gods losing control of them while their immortality is draining) and save mankind. Like its predecessor it gained poor critical reviews, but was commercially successful. A sequel called "Revenge of the Titans" was in production but later scrapped.

Ten years after battling the Kraken, Perseus (Sam Worthington) lives a simple life as a widower fisherman raising his son Helius (John Bell). Zeus (Liam Neeson) visits Perseus, asking for help, revealing that Kronos, the leader of the Titans, is escaping from the Underworld and the walls of Tartarus-where the Titans are imprisoned-are crumbling thanks to humanity's lack of prayers which is also causing the gods' immortality to drain. Perseus declines, valuing his family's safety.

Zeus travels to the underworld where he meets his brothers Hades (Ralph Fiennes) and Poseidon (Danny Huston) and son Ares (Édgar Ramírez). He asks for Hades' help in rebuilding the walls of Tartarus, but he rejects the offer and attacks Zeus. Ares betrays his father, imprisons him and steals his thunderbolt. Hades and Ares plan to make a deal with Kronos: they will drain Zeus's divine power to revive him in exchange for remaining immortal. The walls of Tartarus crumble and the Titans are unleashed.

After battling a chimera which attacked his village, Perseus travels to the underworld to meet Zeus. He instead discovers Poseidon, who is severely wounded and, after informing of the circumstances, tells Perseus to find his demigod son Agenor (Toby Kebbell), who will lead him to the blacksmith god Hephaestus (Bill Nighy). Poseidon gives Perseus his trident and dies of his injuries, crumbling into dust.

Perseus, Andromeda (Rosamund Pike) and Agenor travel to a hidden island to find Hephaestus. Agenor explains that Hephaestus the weapons that Zeus, Poseidon and Hades use; the thunderbolt, trident and pitchfork and these weapons can form the Spear of Trium, which can destroy Kronos.

Gurnard

Gurnard may refer to:



Macy's

Macy's (originally R. H. Macy & Co.) is a North American department store chain, originally headquartered in New York until 1994. The company expanded through buyouts of various department stores and companies. Macy's status as an independent company ended in 1992 after filing for bankruptcy. The company was later bought by Cincinnati-based Federated Department Stores in 1994. The company moved its headquarters to Cincinnati that year. From 1995-2005 Federated began to fold its less popular chains such as Stern's, Lazarus and many others into Macy's. In 2005 Macy's acquired rival The May Department Stores Company creating the nation's largest department store holding company, with over 800 locations. On September 9, 2006 Macy's became a national brand after Federated retired the former May regional chains. In 2007 Federated announced it would re-brand to Macy's, Inc. as an effort to focus on the Macy's name. As of 2016 Macy's has stores in 45 states.

Macy's has fully retreated from Asia and China after it announced plans to close down its online retail store on Alibaba's Tmall marketplace except for the Arabic-speaking Middle East region.

Scotland, Connecticut

Scotland is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, in the United States. In 2020, 1,576 people lived there. Scotland is a rural town. It has many farms. The town has the fewest people in the county.

Colchagua Province

The Colchagua Province () is one of three provinces of the central Chilean region of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins (VI).

Its capital is the city of San Fernando.

The Colchagua province has an area of , the second largest and the most southern province of the O'Higgins region.

Colchagua is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered to the north by the Cachapoal province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Curicó province (Maule region) and to the west by the Cardenal Caro province.

The Tinguiririca volcano is in this province near the border with Argentina, in the Andes. It was near this volcano that the Uruguayan Air Force Flight 57 crashed in 1972 with its survivors lost for seventy-two days.

The people from the province are called "Colchagüino" (women: "Colchagüina").

The largest city of the province is San Fernando, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 49,519 inhabitants.

As a province, Cachapoal is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 10 communes ("comunas"). The city of San Fernando serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Azov

Azov is a town at the mouth of the Don River in Rostov Oblast. It is on the east end of the Sea of Azov and about 80 thousand people live there. It was a Greek colony in the third century BC. 

Neudorf, Lucerne

Neudorf was a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Neudorf merged into the municipality of Beromünster.

Neuenkirch

Neuenkirch is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Sempach Station, Hellbühl, Nellen, Werligen, Klosterhöfli, Klösterli, Lippenrüti, Trutigen, Sellenboden, Neuhus, Weiherhüsli, Rippertschwand, Helfenstegen, Moosschür, Wartensee, Adelwil, Gottsmännigen, Mettenwil and Brämenstall.


Filippo Juvarra

Filippo Juvarra was an architect from Italy who lived from 1678 to 1736. He was born in Messina. He designed many famous buildings, especially churches and palaces. 

Here is a list of some buildings he designed:

Nottwil

Nottwil is a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is on the southern shore of Lake Sempach ("Sempachersee").


Hurricane Matthew

Hurricane Matthew was an Atlantic hurricane. This storm developed on September 28, 2016. It threatened Jamaica, Cuba, the Dominican Republic and the Bahamas. Matthew hit Haiti on October 4, 2016. It struck Cuba later that evening.

The storm was the first Category 5 hurricane in the Atlantic since 2007's Hurricane Felix. Its peak winds were 160 miles per hour.

Matthew was forecast to affect the Southeastern United States from Florida to eastern North Carolina. It was also forecast to threaten New England at first. The forecast changed and later excluded New England.

The storm caused more than 1,600 deaths in Hispaniola and the Caribbean. In the United States, there were 49 deaths. The Dominican Republic had four deaths from Matthew.

Damage in Haiti was estimated at just over $1 billion (2016 USD).

Oberkirch, Switzerland

Oberkirch is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is located southwest of Lake Sempach "(Sempachersee)".


Pfeffikon, Switzerland

Pfeffikon is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Pfeffikon merged into the municipality of Rickenbach.


Life simulation game

A life simulation game is a kind of role-playing game or RPG where the player takes on a god-like perspective of the game. Unlike most RPGs, which progress

at the player's speed, a life simulation game continues automatically. "SimAnimals" is an example of a life simulation game.

Zenón Díaz

Zenón Díaz was an Argentinian football player. He was the first native footballer in Argentina national football team. He played all his career in Rosario Central.

He started as a goalkeeper in 1903. Later, Díaz played as a defender, becoming in one of the most famous footballer of amateur era. He played around 150 games and scored 8 goals. He won 4 national titles and 7 locals titles with the "canallas". He also worked at the Central Argentine Railway.

He was the first native player in Argentina national team. His first match was in 1905 versus Nottingham Forest. Later he played in several cups against Uruguay, and participated in the first South American Championship (1916).



Ronssoy

Ronssoy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Ronssoy is north of Saint-Quentin, on the D6 road.

Acheux-en-Amiénois

Acheux-en-Amiénois is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010, the population was 569.

Agenville

Agenville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 106.

Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher

Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 881.

Ailly-sur-Somme

Ailly-sur-Somme is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The town is 5 miles to the west of Amiens. It is in the valley of the Somme River.

Airaines

Airaines is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is northwest of Amiens, about south of Abbeville.

Aizecourt-le-Bas

Aizecourt-le-Bas is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is northwest of Saint-Quentin.

Aizecourt-le-Haut

Aizecourt-le-Haut is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is northeast of Saint-Quentin.

Albert, Somme

Albert is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

It is about halfway between Amiens and Bapaume.

Allaines

Allaines is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is about northeast of Saint-Quentin.

Allenay

Allenay is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is about 5 km from the English Channel. It is on the border of the departments of the Somme and Seine-Maritime.

Allonville

Allonville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is north of Amiens.

Andainville

Andainville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is south of Abbeville.

Andechy

Andechy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is southeast of Amiens.

Argœuves

Argœuves is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is north of Amiens. The Somme River is away.

Arguel, Somme

Arguel is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is west of Amiens.

Battlefield 1

Battlefield 1 is a first-person shooter video game made by EA DICE and published by EA. This is the fourteenth battlefield game. The game was released on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, on October 21, 2016.

This game is a first-person shooter which is built around teamwork. This game is set in World War I and is based on historic events. The player uses weapons from World War I. DICE changed how melee combat worked and added new weapons. The player can also use many vehicles used in World War I.

The campaign, according to Daniel Berlin the game's designer, is larger with more open environments, with more option in the levels. The player controls multiply people during the game, when the character they play as dies, they will become another.

The game's multiplayer is planned to allow 64 players. The new squad system will allow a group of players to join and leave games together. Multiplayer maps are based on World War I location. The game will launch with nine maps and six game modes.

Assault - The demolition man of BF1 uses submachine guns and shotguns and is the best for anti-armor and close range firefights.

Medic - The healer of BF1 uses semi-auto/Fully automatic Rifles] and can revive dead teammates and Healing them

Support - Suppressor of BF1 uses Light/Heavy machine guns] can Resupply people (uses mortars and repair tool and limpet_mines

Neutrality (international relations)

A neutral country is one that chooses not to take part in a War between other countries in international relations. International law allows a country to remain neutral during a period of war between two or more states. When a country declares it is neutral, it cannot allow any part of its territory to become a base for one side. It may not construct warships, recruit soldiers or organize military expeditions on behalf of one belligerent. It is also called "armed neutrality" when declaring itself neutral during a war. This is not the same as "neutralization", or permanent neutrality. A neutral country is also different from the neutrality claimed by non-governmental organizations (NGOs) or United Nations peacekeeping groups.

An example of permanent neutrality would be the Vatican City. It declared itself permanently neutral in the 1929 Lateran Treaty.
Having a long history of remaining neutral, Switzerland became a favorite place for the headquarters of many organizations. The International Red Cross established itself at Geneva during the mid-19th century. Switzerland was recognized as remaining neutral in a 1920 declaration by the League of Nations, also headquartered in Geneva. When the League was disbanded after World War II it was replaced by the United Nations. While Switzerland did not join the UN, in addition to recognizing its neutrality it was also given permanent observer status.

"Note: Whether a state that is a member of the European Union may be considered neutral is a point of debate. This is discussed in the section below."


English law

English law, also called common law, is the legal system of England and Wales. It is generally divided into criminal law and civil law. It spread to many parts of the former British Empire including Australia, Canada (except Quebec which uses civil law), the United States (except Louisiana which uses civil law) and New Zealand, and many other countries. There are about 80 countries worldwide that use mainly common law systems. About 150 countries use the civil law system.

English law is unique in that it is based on applying legal precedent to present and future decisions made by judges. A judge must follow past legal decisions made by higher courts but not necessarily those made by lower courts. English law is not based on a constitution and there is no codification of laws. However, there are unofficial publications that provide organized lists of current laws. Parliament has the power to create laws which are automatically considered valid and may not be reviewed by the courts. Only Parliament has the power to change a law.

Written in about 602, the Law of Æthelberht (Athelbert of Kent) is the oldest example of Anglo-Saxon law, or of law in any Germanic language. Anglo-Saxon law was based on Ancient Germanic law which was a system of laws based on kinship. The kinship group was responsible for the acts of their members as well as for their protection. Wrongs against another were paid by Weregild, a value placed on every person and piece of property. By the 10th century these had changed into a system of hundreds. No longer based on kinship, they organized themselves to protect others in the hundred and to enforce the laws. A hundredsmann was in charge of a hundred and was responsible to see that all disputes were settled.

In 1066, the Norman conquest of England brought with it many changes in the law. While much of Anglo-Saxon law was kept, new laws were added over time by the Normans. Before the Norman invasion, most laws in England were local laws and enforced by local courts. Royal courts were introduced They did not take over local laws right away, but did so over a period of time. The royal courts took the best of the local laws and used them throughout England. This established English common law, or a system of laws "common" to the entire country. By this time a second court system developed known as equity and administered by the Court of Chancery. Equity addressed situations not covered by common law. Examples of equity decisions include imposing a lien, correcting a property line or ordering someone to do something to prevent damage. 

The 18th century legal scholar, William Blackstone, wrote a four-volume "Commentaries on the Laws of England" which for the first time provided a complete overview of English law. Originally published 1765–1769, it has since been republished many times. Used well into the 19th century, his Commentaries were the main instruction tool in learning the law in both England and America. Abraham Lincoln read Blackstone's Commentaries as part of teaching himself the law.

The jury system probably came to England just after the Norman conquest. At first, jurors acted as witnesses in court. But over time, certainly by the reign of Henry II of England, they became the trier of fact in a court case. Juries began to deliberate the evidence provided by the parties in a dispute. Over time, jurors were told less and less about a case before a trial and learned what they needed to make a decision in court.

Unlike Scotland and Northern Ireland, Wales is not a separate jurisdiction in the United Kingdom. The old laws of Wales within the Kingdom of England were abolished by King Henry VIII's Laws in Wales Acts. This brought Wales into legal conformity with England. Between 1746 and 1967, any reference to England in legislation included Wales. This ceased with the enactment of the Welsh Language Act 1967. The jurisdiction is now commonly referred to as "England and Wales". Although Wales has a degree of political autonomy, it did not have the ability to pass primary legislation until the Government of Wales Act 2006 came into force after the 2007 Welsh general election. Even so, the Welsh legal system remains English common law. This is different from the situation of Northern Ireland. It did not stop being a distinct jurisdiction when its legislature was suspended. A major difference is also the use of the Welsh language, as laws concerning it apply in Wales and not in the rest of the United Kingdom. The Welsh Language Act 1993 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It put the Welsh language on an equal footing with the English language in Wales with regard to the public sector. Welsh may also be spoken in Welsh courts.

In England, there is a hierarchy of sources, as follows:




Travis County, Texas

Travis County is a county in south central Texas. The population was 1,290,188 at the 2020 census. It is the fifth-most populous county in Texas. Its county seat is Austin. Austin is also known as the capital of Texas.

The county was established in 1840. It is named for William Barret Travis. Travis was the commander of the Republic of Texas at the Battle of the Alamo.

Travis County is part of the Austin-Round Rock Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located along the Balcones Fault. The physical boundaries of Austin are the Edwards Plateau to the west and the Blackland Prairie to the east.

Rickenbach, Lucerne

Rickenbach is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Pfeffikon merged into the municipality of Rickenbach.


Ruswil

Ruswil is a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Merzenberg, Hunkelen, Ziswil, Holz, Grofenhusen, Buholz, Rüediswil, Sigigen, Werthenstein-Unterdorf.


Arrondissements of the Alpes-Maritimes department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Alpes-Maritimes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Alpes-Maritimes are:

Since its creation, the Alpes-Maritimes department has had some changes:


Arrondissement of Grasse

The arrondissement of Grasse is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-Maritimes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Grasse.

When the Alpes-Maritimes department was created on 1793, Grasse was part of the Var department. It became an "arrondissement" of the Alpes-Maritimes department in 1860.

The "arrondissement" of Grasse is the most southern of the Alpes-Maritimes department. It is bordered to the north by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the east by the Nice "arrondissement", to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Var department.

The "arrondissement" of Grasse is the smallest in area of the two "arrondissements" of the department, , but the one with a higher population (560,045 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Grasse, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nice-3 and Vence. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Grasse has 62 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Nice

The arrondissement of Nice is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-Maritimes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Nice.

When the Alpes-Maritimes department was created on 1793, Nice was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nice is the most northern of the Alpes-Maritimes department. It is bordered to the northeast and east by the Piedmont region (Italy), to the southeast by the Liguria region (Italy), to the south by the Mediterranean Sea, to the southwest by the Grasse "arrondissement" and to the west by the Var department.

The "arrondissement" of Nice is the largest in area of the two "arrondissements" of the department, , but the one with fewer people living in it (523,267 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Nice, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nice-3 and Vence. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Nice has 101 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Schenkon

Schenkon is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.



Schlierbach, Switzerland

Schlierbach is a municipality of the district Sursee of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Sempach

Sempach is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

It is the home to the Sempach Bird Observatory.

It is on Lake Sempach.

Steinibühlweiher is located above the town.


Sursee

Sursee is a city of the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is the capital of the district of Sursee.

It is at the northern end of Lake Sempach.


Superalloy

A superalloy, or high-performance alloy, is a metal alloy that has several key characteristics. These include excellent resistance to high temperatures and corrosion or oxidation. The term was first used after World War II. They were developed for use in jet engines and gas turbines. About 75% of superalloys are used in aerospace engineering.

The Age of Extremes

The Age of Extremes: The Short Twentieth Century, 1914–1991 is a book by Eric Hobsbawm, published in 1994. In it, Hobsbawm comments on what he sees as the disastrous failures of state communism, capitalism, and nationalism. He is also skeptical of the progress of the arts and changes in society in the latter half of the twentieth century.

Hobsbawm calls the period from the start of World War I to the fall of the Soviet Union "the short twentieth century". This is to follow on "the long 19th century", the period from the start of the French Revolution in 1789 to the start of World War I in 1914. The Age of Extremes is the last in his series of books that include ("", "", ""). In the United States, the book was published with the subtitle "A History of the World, 1914–1991".

Triengen

Triengen is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2005, the former municipalities of Kulmerau and Wilihof merged into the municipality of Triengen. Since 2009, Winikon part of the municipality.


ShelterBox

ShelterBox is an international disaster relief charity that provides temporary shelter and life saving supplies to displaced families. ShelterBox sends a package that typically contains a tent designed to withstand extreme weather conditions. It also has a water purification kit, blankets, tools, and other things needed to help a family survive after a disaster. The contents of a ShelterBox are designed for the nature and location of the disaster.


Château de Blois

The Royal Château de Blois (French: "Château Royal de Blois") is a palace in France. It is in the center of the city of Blois in the Loir-et-Cher Department. It has been the home for several French kings. 

The château is made of several buildings constructed from the 13th to the 17th century around the main courtyard. It has 564 rooms and 75 staircases although only 23 were used frequently. There is a fireplace in each room. There are 100 bedrooms.

The château is now owned by the town of Blois and is a tourist attraction.


Winikon

Winikon was a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

In 2009, it became part of the municipality of Triengen.

Willisau District

Willisau is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the municipality of Willisau.

It contains following municipalities:


Altishofen

Altishofen is a municipality in Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020 the municipality of Ebersecken became part of Altishofen.


Growth medium

A growth medium or culture medium is a solid or liquid containing nutrients. It is designed to support the growth of microorganisms or cells, or small plants like moss.
There are different types of media for growing different types of cells.

There are a wide range of growth media used in biology. Some of the basic types are:


Cime du Gélas

Cime du Gélas () is a high mountain on the boundary between France (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region) and Italy (Province of Cuneo).

It is the highest peak of the Mercantour National Park () and of the Alpes-Maritimes department, while on the Italian side it is part of the Maritime Alps Natural Park ("Parco naturale delle Alpi Marittime").

The name of the mountain comes from the Occitan verb "gelà" that means "to freeze" because the glaciers that are in the northern side; the glaciers have reduced their sizes during the late 20th century but they are still there.

Cime du Gelàs is part of the Maritime Alps, southeast France. Geologically, it is part of the Mercantour-Argentera massif, and is mostly formed by gneiss.

The peak is composed of two smaller ones, divided by a gorge called "Sella del Gelàs". The highest peak is the northern one; it is the easier to climb and has, on the top, a small wood sculpture of the Madonna and a cross on the top that was built here by order of priests from Cuneo.

The first recorded ascension of the peak was made on 1864 by Paolo di Saint-Robert. in 1894, Victor de Cessole was the first to climb the mountain in winter.


John Martin (painter)

John Martin (19 July 1789 – 17 February 1854) was an English romantic painter. 

John Martin was born in Haydon Bridge, Northumberland, on 19 July 1789. He was best known as an author of historical paintings. They were mostly inspirated by the Bible and poetical works. Martin's works were usually landscapes with little drawings of people. He was a friend of the poet Edwin Atherstone. They both liked to paint scenes of mass destruction. 

After the Belgian government bought "The Fall of Ninevah", the Belgian Academy made Martin a member. He also was made a Knight of the Order of Leopold by the king of Belgium.

John Martin died in Douglas, Isle of Man on 17 February 1854.



Siagne

The Siagne is a short river that flows through the Var and Alpes-Maritimes departments, in southeastern France.

The Siagne river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 8.75 cubic metres per second at Pégomas, near Cannes.
The Siagne starts on the south side of the "Audibergue" mountain, in the "commune" of Escragnolles, Alpes-Maritimes department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the southwest through the departments of Alpes-Maritimes and Var. For much of its length, it forms the border between the two departments.

Finally, the river flows into the Mediterranean Sea at the city of Mandelieu-la-Napoule.

The Siagne flows through 2 departments and 13 "communes", in one region:

The main tributaries of the Siagne river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Lorenzo Ghiberti

Lorenzo Ghiberti (Florence, 1378 - 1 December 1455, Florence), born Lorenzo di Bartolo, was a sculptor, painter, and architect.



Al Nahyan

The Al Nahyan (pronounced 'an-nayāān) is the ruling family of Abu Dhabi and the senior rulers of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).

György Ligeti

György Sándor Ligeti (28 May 1923 – 12 June 2006) was a composer from Hungary. He was an important composer of avant-garde music. His music influenced many other composers. Some of his most famous works are an opera called "Le Grand Macabre", a piece for orchestra called "Atmosphères", a piece for choirs called "Lux Aeterna", and a Requiem. Stanley Kubrick used parts of "Atmosphères", "Lux Aeterna", and the Requiem for the soundtrack of his movie "". Many other movies use pieces of Ligeti's music on their soundtracks.

Ligeti was born in Transylvania. His family were Hungarian Jews. His father and his brother died in the Holocaust. After World War II he studied music in Budapest at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music. He was a music teacher at the Franz Liszt Academy from 1950 to 1956. He also composed music at that time. Much of his music then was influenced by Hungarian folk music. He was also influenced by the music of Béla Bartók, another Hungarian composer. 

In 1956, the Soviet Union invaded Hungary. Ligeti decided to leave Hungary. He went to Vienna in Austria. He became a citizen of Austria but he also lived in Germany and in other countries. He composed his own music and he also taught other people how to compose music. He taught music composition in Stockholm, Sweden, at Stanford University in America, and at an important music school in Hamburg, Germany called the Hochschule für Musik und Theater. He retired from the Hamburg music school in 1989. Then he went back to live in Vienna. After 2000 his health was not good. Ligeti died in Vienna at the age of 83.

Ligeti was married two times. His first wife was Brigitte Löw. They were married in 1949. They were divorced in 1952. His second wife was Vera Spitz. He married her in 1952. She is a psychologist. Their son Lukas, born in 1965, is a composer.

Some of Ligeti's important pieces of music are:

Geo (microformat)

Geo is a microformat for marking up WSG84 geographical coordinates in (X)HTML.

Geo allows parsing tools to extract a location. The location can then be used in another website or mapping tool. It can also input into a GPS.

Njál's saga

Njáls saga or "The Story of Burnt Njáll") is a thirteenth-century Icelandic saga which describes events between 960 and 1020. It's theme is Christianity - with the Althing one man one night ponder decision for Iceland's Constitutional Conversion to the New Christian Creed in 1000 AD - and also with the natural "Christian", Old Njal, a good and decent owner who has bad pagan Chlidren, innocent and accepting dying a protomartyr's death for goodness in his perpretrated burning wood-house.

The principal characters are the friends Njáll Þorgeirsson, a lawyer and a sage, and Gunnar Hámundarson, a formidable warrior. Gunnar's wife starts a feud. This leads to the death of many characters over several decades. The central event is the killing of Njál by fire.

The saga deals with blood feuds in the Icelandic peoples. It shows how honor could lead to minor events spiralling into destructive and prolonged bloodshed. There are insults where a character's manhood is called into question. Another characteristic of the narrative is the presence of omens and prophetic dreams. This might reflect a fatalistic outlook on the part of the author.

A key feature of the writing is the valedictory, which is a farewell statement. Just before death, the character speaks his last.

The work is anonymous, and there is speculation about the author's identity. The major events of the saga are probably historical. The material was shaped by the author, drawing on oral tradition, according to his artistic needs. "Njáls saga" is the longest and most highly developed of the sagas of the Icelanders. It is often considered the peak of the saga tradition.

World Geodetic System

The World Geodetic System (WGS) is a standard for use in cartography, geodesy, and navigation including GPS.

It comprises a standard coordinate system for the Earth, a standard for raw altitude data, and a geoid that defines the "nominal sea level". The latest revision is WGS 84.

GfK Entertainment charts

The GfK Entertainment charts are the official music charts in Germany.

The charts are gathered and published by GfK Entertainment GmbH (formerly Media Control GfK International GmbH). GfK is an abbreviation for "Gesellschaft für Konsumforschung". GfK provides weekly top 100 lists.

Prometheus Global Media

Prometheus Global Media is a New York City-based media company.

The company owns and operates a number of major entertainment publications and their associated digital properties. These include "Adweek", "Backstage", "Billboard", "Film Journal International", and "The Hollywood Reporter".

Disk read/write head

When writing data to the disk, the data needs to be written to a certain position on the disk. This is done by a component called disk read/write head.

Dagmersellen

Dagmersellen is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon merged into the municipality of Dagmersellen.


Buchs, Lucerne

Buchs is a former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon merged into the municipality of Dagmersellen.

Uffikon

Uffikon was a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon merged into the municipality of Dagmersellen.

Ebersecken

Ebersecken was a municipality in Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, Ebersecken became part of Altishofen.

Thomas Kyd

Thomas Kyd (1558-1594) was an English playwright.

Kyd is the author of "The Spanish Tragedy". It was the most popular play of the time and many playwrights imitated it. A character in "The Spanish Tragedy" likely influenced Shakespeare when writing Hamlet. Kyd was one of the first users of blank verse in English literature.
""extraordinary dramatic (if not poetic) genius"".


LIGO

The Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) is a large-scale physics observatory which detects cosmic gravitational waves co-founded by Scottish physicist Ronald Drever. They were first funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and were conceived, built and are operated by Caltech and MIT. 
The NSF has funded improvements for LIGO to increase sensitivity, which allowed them to make the first detection of gravitational waves. LIGO is the largest and most ambitious project ever funded by the NSF.

LIGO is an interferometer. It fires a laser beam and splits it into two laser beams. Mirrors bounce them back towards a light detector and merge them. Normally, the two laser beams should cancel each other, so the light does not reach the detector, but any changes in space-time caused by gravity waves can change the laser beams, so that they don't cancel out fully. When this happens, the light detector will see some of the laser light, which it can then use to work out the size of the space-time distortion.


Emma Lazarus

Emma Lazarus (22 July 1849 - 19 November 1887) was an American poet and playwright of Jewish origin.

Lazarus was one of seven children of Moses and Esther Nathan Lazarus. Her father's family came from Portugal. She became interested in Jewish tradition after reading "Daniel Deronda" by George Eliot. She never married, although she was considered a pretty woman. Emma Lazarus died of Hodgkin's lymphoma. 

Lazarus wrote many lyric poems. She used classic forms like rhyme royal and ottava rima (in the cycle named "Epochs"). She was especially good at writing sonnets. Her best known work is the sonnet "The New Colossus". It was placed at The Statue of Liberty in New York. She also translated into English poems by romantic German poet Henrich Heine. As a journalist she always protested against any kind of discrimination. 




Algonquin Provincial Park

Algonquin Provincial Park is a provincial park in Canada. It is the oldest provincial park in the province of Ontario, opened in 1893. It is very large at 7,653 square kilometres (2,955 square miles), and is the third largest provincial park in Ontario after Polar Bear and Wabakimi. The park contains many streams, lakes, rivers, and other water sources. Its forests are a mix of deciduous and coniferous. The variety of environments in the park makes it home to many species of plants and animals, and it is an important park for wildlife research. It is a very popular park with campers because of its size and how close it is to large cities such as Toronto and Ottawa.

In 1992 Algonquin Park became a National Historic Site of Canada.

Algonquin Park started as a logging area, where people would come to cut down trees. A group of loggers wanted to make the area a park because of how beautiful it was and to protect the animals that lived there. In 1892 a request was made by five members of the government asking for a park to be opened on the land. The next year in 1893 the park was officially made. It was the first provincial park in Ontario, but when it was opened it was called a national park. It was changed to a provincial park in 1913.

In 1896 a railway was built on the park. In 1898 cottages, lodges and camps started being sold to tourists, and in 1908 the first hotel in the park was built. The hotel was very popular. After that hotel opened others started being built.

The park is a very popular place for outdoor activities all year. Many people camp in campgrounds on the park. Fishing, hiking, horse riding and canoeing are other popular things to do. In winter people skate on the lakes, and the park opens their own skating rink.

There is also a museum, called the Algonquin Logging Museum, on the park. This museum tells people about the history of the park as well as the logging that happens today. There is a book store, exhibits with information about the park and a remade version of a logging camp from the late 1800s.

University of Trieste

University of Trieste ("Università degli Studi di Trieste") is a university in Trieste, Friuli-Venezia Giulia region, Italy. It was founded in 1924. The university is composed of 10 faculties.




Ladies' Code

Ladies' Code () was a South Korean girl group formed by Polaris Entertainment and 1TheK (formerly LOEN Music) in 2013. The group originally consisted of five members: Ashley, Sojung, EunB, Rise and Zuny. Their debut album was "Code#01".

They won the New Artist of The Year award at Gaon Kpop Chart Awards and the MBC music star award at MelON music awards.

On September 3, 2014, at 1:20 KST time, the group was involved in a car crash which killed members EunB and Rise, leaving the group as a trio.

In late 2015, Ladies' Code and the other Polaris artists held a memorial concert for the dead members.

In 2016, Ladies Code returned for the first time since the accident with the single album "Myst3ry".

Current members

Past members

Jan Kochanowski

Jan Kochanowski (; 1530 – 22 August 1584) was a Polish Renaissance poet, translator and playwright. He is generally regarded as one of the greatest poets in Polish literature.

Jan Kochanowski was born into a noble family in the village of Sycyna, Poland. His parents were
Piotr Kochanowski, a lawyer and judge, and Anna Białaczowska. Among their 11 children, two of Jan's brothers were also writers. He studied at the Jagiellonian University in Cracow. Then he attended the University of Königsberg (Królewiec), in Ducal Prussia, and Padua University in Italy. He returned to Poland in 1559. In 1563 he became a secretary at the royal court of Sigismund II Augustus. He married Dorota Podlodowska around 1575 and settled at the family estate at Czarnolas ("Blackwood"). Kochanowski is sometimes called "Jan z Czarnolasu" ("John of Blackwood"). He died of a heart attack in 1584 in the town of Lublin.

Jan Kochanowski wrote in Polish and Latin. He wrote "Fraszki", a cycle of epigrams, "Pieśni" ("Cantos") and "Treny" ("Laments"). The last work was written by the poet after death of his daughter Ursula. He lost another daughter, named Hanna, too. Kochanowski wrote also "Pieśń świętojańska o Sobótce" ("Midsummer Night's Song") and "Odprawa połów greckich" ("The Dismissal of the Grecian Envoys"). Many of his poems are free translations from Horace. Kochanowski translated "The Book of Psalms" and "Chess" by Marco Girolamo Vida. Kochanowski established rules of Polish versification and introduced sonnet to Polish poetry. Many poems by Kochanowski were translated into English.

The translator Piotr Kochanowski was Jan Kochanowski's nephew.


Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria

The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir presumptive to the throne of Austria-Hungary, and his wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, happened on 28 June 1914 in Sarajevo. They were shot dead by Gavrilo Princip. 

Princip was one of a group of seven assassins (five from Serbia and one from Bosnia) from the Black Hand secret society. The political reason for the assassination was to break off Austria-Hungary's South Slav provinces so they could be combined into a new country, Greater Serbia. 

This led to the outbreak of war in Europe at the end of July 1914. Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia. Both country's allies became involved in the war. 


South Mills, North Carolina

South Mills is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Camden County, North Carolina, United States. Its population was 362 as of the 2020 census. South Mills has a post office with ZIP code 27976, which opened on March 2, 1840. The community is located near U.S. Route 17. U.S. Route 17 Business and North Carolina Highway 343 pass through the community.

The William Riley Abbott House, Dismal Swamp Canal, and Morgan House are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Quantum tunnelling

Quantum tunnelling is a part of the theoretical branch of physics known as quantum mechanics. It states that electrons can behave like both particles and waves, and can cancel the effects of an energy barrier if the energy barrier is thin enough, due to quantum mechanics being dependent on probability. In other words, particles can travel through walls, doors, etc. if the door or wall is thin enough. The particle—usually a subatomic or quark particle such as an electron or photon—can become a wave to focus a great deal of energy on the barrier, ultimately negating it. There is also a non-zero chance that it could be found "inside" the barrier. However, this only noticeably works for subatomic particles, as the chance for macroscopic objects to do this is very, very low, small enough to not be thought about much.

Caazapá Department

The Caazapá department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Caazapá. Its code is PY-06.

Its name comes from Guarani "ka´aguy jehasapá", that means "beyond the forest".

People from the department are calle "Caazapeño" (women: "Caazapeña").

The Caazapá department is in the southeast of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of . , the department has a population of 151,415 ( of the population of the country) for a population density of .

The Caaguazú mountain range crosses the department from east to west and divides the department in two regions: the northwestern region, with flat lands, and southeastern region, with small hills with forests.

The Tebicuary river flows from east to west in the south of the department; it serves as limit with the Itapúa department. The Tebicuary–mí river serves as limit with the Paraguarí department.

The protected areas in the department are the National park Caaguazú, the Golondrina Private Reserve and the Protected Wildlife Area Susu Island.


, the total amount of precipitation in the city of Caazapá was . The month with the most precipitation was October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Caazapá was . The warmest month, on average, was January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 11 districts:

Farming is the main economic activity in the department. The main crops are cotton and soybean. But cattle raising is the most important activity.



Olmec figurine

Olmec figurine is the name for figurines which were produced in Central America, from about 1000 BCE to about 500 BCE. Many come from the Olmec heartland, which is the gulf region of modern-day Mexico. Olmec figurines show the influence of the Olmec culture. In 2016, it is not known how far this influence extended. It is therefore possible that some of these figurines were produced by other people, who were influenced by the Olmec. 

Many of the figurines were found in household waste and in landfill used for construction. Outside the Olmec heartland they were also found in graves. often took these figurines. It is impossible to tell where the looted figurines are from. 

Most of the figurines are made from terracotta. Since terracotta is fragile, most only survive in parts. Wooden busts have been discovered in the site El Marati, but no figurines made of wood have been found. 

The figurines best known to the public are made of stone or minerals,such as jade, serpentine, greenstone or basalt. Figurines of stone or minerals are often carved, while those made of terracotta are simpler in design.

The figurines found show different motifs or designs:

Sigismund II Augustus

Sigismund II Augustus (1520-1572) was a Polish king, the last member of the Jagiellon dynasty. He was also the Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1548 to 1572.

Sigismund II Augustus was born in Kraków on 1 August 1520. He was the only son (he had sisters) of king Sigismund I the Old and his wife, Italian princess Bona Sforza. His great grandfather was Wladislaw II Jagiello, the founder of the dynasty. Sigismund II Augustus was crowned as a child on 20 February 1530 when his father was still alive (in Latin "vivente rege"). From 1544 he ruled in Lithuania. He was married three times but remained childless. He died on 7 July 1572 in Knyszyn. He was a Roman Catholic, but was known for his tolerance for Protestants.

When king Sigismund II Augustus received diplomats or made important decisions, he did so in the audience hall in the royal castle. This room was also called "Under the Heads" for the carved heads set in the ceiling. One of these was a woman's head. The legend says whenever he would make a decision she would speak in Latin (using rhyme and alliteration): "Rex Auguste, iudica iuste" ("King August, judge justly"). He followed her advice but after that her mouth was covered with a ribbon so she would never again interfere in royal decisions.


Yoshinori Ohsumi

Autophagy is the process that cells use to break down and recycle cellular components. This allows the orderly recycling of cellular components.

Ohsumi is a professor in Tokyo Institute of Technology's Frontier Research Center. He got the Kyoto Prize for Basic Science in 2012.

Autophagy

Autophagy (which means "eating itself"), is one of the basic cell mechanisms. It allows the controlled breaking down of cell parts which do not work, or are not needed. The cell parts can then be recycled as required. 

There are several ways this happens. Targeted cell parts may be isolated from the rest of the cell in an "autophagosome" (a double-membraned vesicle). The autophagosome fuses with lysosomes and the contents are broken down and recycled. In the extreme case of starvation, the breakdown of cellular components promotes cellular survival by maintaining cellular energy levels.

The name "autophagy" was coined by Belgian biochemist Christian de Duve in 1963. The identification of autophagy-related genes in yeast in the 1990s let researchers figure out the mechanisms of autophagy. This led to the award of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Japanese researcher Yoshinori Ohsumi.

Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński

Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński (c. 1550 – c. 1581) was a Polish nobleman and poet. He is generally regarded as one of the most important Polish writers and the first representative of Baroque in Poland.

Little is known about life of Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński. He was born around 1550 in the village of Zimna Woda near Lviv (today in Ukraine, then in the Kingdom of Poland). He was a member of Protestant family. He was the son of Joachim Sęp called Szarzyński. He studied abroad in Germany at universities of Wittemberg and of Lepzig. Then he continued his studies at the University of Padua in Italy.

Szarzyński is believed to have become a Roman Catholic, but some scholars are not convinced of that.

Szarzyński's poems were written probably in the years 1568-1581. They were published by the poet's brother in 1601. The book was named "Rytmy abo wiersze polskie" (Rhythms or Polish Verses).

Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński did not write many poems. All his published works can be printed on one hundred pages. He wrote in Polish and in Latin. He wrote six sonnets and some other poems, cantos and epitaphs. His poetry focuses on religious themes. Thus it is similar to Sebastian Grabowiecki's work.

Szarzyński shaped his sonnets according to a French scheme that is abba abba cdcd ee. Julian Krzyżanowski, editor of Szarzyński's poems, points out the use of alliteration in them.

Szarzyński's poems were translated into English by Steven Clancy and Richard Sokoloski.


Great Green Wall

The Great Green Wall of Africa is a strip of trees being planted across Africa to stop the Sahara desert from moving south. The Sahara desert moving south is affecting countries such as: Niger, Chad, Sudan, Mali and many more. The expansion of desert areas may affect the lives of up to 19 million people, including more than 1 million children. 

The strip of trees is planned to be about 15 kilometers wide. 

Unfortunately some people, when they see these trees, gather wood as timber for them to make fire or other uses. 

California's Gold

California's Gold is a public television travel program that explores the natural, cultural, and historical features of the state of California. The series ran for 18 seasons from 1994 to 2012. There were 443 episodes. It was produced and hosted by Huell Howser for its entire run. The minimal production allowed locations and people to remain the focal point of the program. The series stopped after Howser's death in 2013, although reruns have continued to air after his death.

The series' theme song varies between several renditions of "California, Here I Come," but was most often played on the series by local musicians Eddie Enderle and Richard Chon.


Taurine

Taurine is an organic compound. It is up to 0.1% of total human body weight, and is a main constituent of bile. Taurine is essential for the heart, the skeletal muscles, the retina, and the nerves. The body makes it from the amino acid cysteine.

Taurine comes from the Latin /taurus/ which means bull or ox. It was first extracted from ox bile in 1827.

Taurine is in fish and meat. The daily intake is around 58 mg (range from 9 to 400 mg). It is low or negligible from a strict vegan diet. Taurine intake is generally less than 200 mg/day.

Synthetic taurine is used to make some "energy drinks". Many contain 1000 mg per serving, and some as much as 2000 mg.


Wladyslaw I of Poland

Wladyslaw I of Poland (1261 2 March 1333) was the ruler who united Polish lands into one state at the beginning of 14th century.

Władysław was born probably in 1261. He was a son of duke Casimir of Kuyavia. He was the step-brother of duke Leszek the Black. He was called Łokietek, that means "the Short" or "Elbow-high".

At the time of his birth Poland was divided into many independent states. For years Władysław struggled to unite Poland into one strong state. He was at war with a powerful king of Bohemia, Wenceslaus II. His lands were also in danger of the Teutonic Knights who had seized the town of Gdansk. Despite all odds, Władysław united Greater Poland and lesser Poland and was crowned in 1320.

He had still to fight in defence of the country. In 1331 he defeated the Teutonic knights in the battle at Płowce. He was seventy then. He died two years later. His only son, Casimir III of Poland, succeeded him. Wladyslaw I was buried in the cathedral at Wawel Castle.

At the time of Władysław's reign many Germans lived in Polish towns. They opposed him and rioted against him. After the riot of Lord Mayor Albert Władysław ordered his soldiers to expel all Germans from the town. One of them asked Władysław, how to recognise a German. The duke ordered them to make everyone speak aloud the words "Soczewica, koło, miele, młyn" (that means "Lentil, wheel, grinds, mill"). A man who could not speak it correctly was regarded as a German.


Simone Biles

Simone Arianne Biles (born March 14, 1997) is an American artistic gymnast. Biles is the 2016 Olympic individual all-around, vault and floor gold medalist. She was part of the gold medal-winning team dubbed the "Final Five" at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. She also won the bronze medal for the balance beam during the Olympics. Biles is a three-time world all-around champion (2013–15), three-time world floor champion (2013–15), two-time world balance beam champion (2014, 2015), four-time United States national all-around champion (2013–16), and a member of the gold medal-winning American teams at the 2014 and 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.

Having won a combined total of nineteen Olympic and World Championship medals, Biles is the most decorated American gymnast. She took this over from Shannon Miller, who had held this record since 1996. With her win in Rio, Biles became the sixth woman to have won an individual all-around title at both the World Championships and the Olympic Games. With four Olympic gold medals, Biles set a new American record for most gold medals in women’s gymnastics at a single game.

On April 22, 2023, she married American football player Jonathan Owens.

Corps of Topographical Engineers

The U.S. Army Corps of Topographical Engineers was established by the United States Congress in 1838. It was made up of only officers who were hand-picked graduates of the United States Military Academy at West Point. Their main purpose was to map and make military surveys for routes to the Pacific. They were at the center of the westward expansion of the United States between the War of 1812 and the American Civil War. They mapped the frontier regions of the West encouraging Americans to move into those areas. They laid out trails, roads, railroad routes and waterways. During the Civil War, the functions of the Corps of Topographical Engineers were transferred to the Army Corps of Engineers.

From 1777 to 1863, topographical engineers were used in the United States Army. In 1813, Congress authorized eight officers to be a part of the general staff. Each was to have the brevet rank and pay of a major in the U.S. Cavalry. They also authorized eight assistants, each with the brevet rank and pay of a captain in the U.S. Infantry. They formed the Topographical Bureau as a branch of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

In 1829, John James Abert, became the head of the Topographical Bureau. In 1838, he used his political influence to persuade Congress to form an independent army unit separate from the Corps of Engineers called the Corps of Topographical Engineers. Informally they became known as “topogs".

Their first priority was to explore the American West to make it accessible. Early on they worked to make the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers navigable. The work of charting these rivers actually started under the Topographical Bureau over a decade before the establishment of the Corps of Topographical Engineers. During the mid-1800s, they worked on floodind issues of major rivers. They designed lighthouses, mapped navigational routes and worked on many other federal projects. The General Survey Act gave them the authority to survey all canals and roads in the United States. They surveyed the National Road that connected the Potomac and Ohio Rivers. This was a main transport path to the West for thousands of settlers.

During the 1840s and 1850s, the Corps was very active. John C. Frémont led several western explorations starting in 1841. He led an exploration of the North Platte River. He next explored west to what is now Pueblo, Colorado. His next exploration was south going through Bent's Fort on the Arkansas River. With Kit Carson as his guide, Fremont began a two year journey that greatly expanded the knowledge of what lay to the west. It took him as far as the Sacramento Valley in early 1846. They were also involved in surveying boundary lines, especially in Texas during the Mexican–American War. Until they were merged with the Corps of Engineers in 1863, they surveyed and built roads bridges and forts for the Union Army during the Civil War.


Lluta River

The Lluta is a river in the Atacama Desert. It is the most northern of the great transversal Chilean rivers that start in the Andes and flow into the Pacific Ocean. It flows through the Arica y Parinacota region.

It has a broad estuary near the port city of Arica that forms a wetland, a habitat used by many water birds (birds that live on or near water).

The Lluta river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Lluta river starts on the Andean mountain slopes near the border with Peru and Bolivia, at an elevation of about , in the place called "Humapalca", "comuna" of General Lagos, Parinacota province, Arica y Parinacota.

The river is formed by the confluence of two streams:

Along its first , the river flows southeast and then slowly begins to turn towards the west. In its descent to the lower elevations of the valley, the river starts to run through a canyon formed by the same river; in some parts, the canyon could be deep.

Near the village of "Socoroma" (in the "comuna" of Putre), the river turns directly west and, after getting out of the canyon, the river begins to widen. Near the village of "Chironta", about from the sea, appear the first farms.

Finally, the river flows in the Pacific Ocean north of the city of Arica, in the sector Chacalluta, near the airport.

The Lluta river only flows through small villages except Putre, a small town with only 1,977 inhabitants (2022 census).

The mouth of the Lluta river in the Pacific Ocean covers more of . The resulting coastal wetland is the most important of its kind in the region with extensive vegetation and many water birds, including migratory birds.

Because the Lluta river flows throug a very arid region, the Atacama desert, there are very few permanent tributaries, and most of them join the Luta by its left side; some of them are Allane, Putre, Socoroma and Colpitas.

Apart from its problems of salinity and acidity, the river has very high levels of boron, arsenic, and sulfate, among other pollutants, which limit the agricultural activities that can be developed along the river.



Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey

Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey (1517-1547) was an English nobleman and poet.

Henry Howard was born in Hunsdon, Hertfordshire in 1517, during the reign of Henry VIII. His father was Thomas Howard. His mother was Elizabeth Stafford. He took the title of Earl of Surrey in 1524. Today he is known chiefly under that name. In 1532 he married Frances the Vere, who was fourteen years old at the time. Then he became a soldier and fought in Scotland in 1542 and in France and Flanders from 1543 to 1545. He was wounded in the siege of Montreuil. After he came back to England he was accused of treason, as was his father. Henry Howard was executed by beheading in the Tower of London at the age of thirty on 19 January 1547. His father was sentenced to death, too. He was however saved, as the king Henry VIII died. He was kept in prison for some years. He was set free by queen Mary.

Henry Howard is known mainly for two reasons. First, he wrote sonnets. He is often regarded as one of the fathers of English sonnet. He introduced a new rhyme pattern for English sonnet that runs abab cdcd efef gg. Today it is called Shakespearian sonnet, but Surrey was first to use it. Second, he invented blank verse that is unrhymed iambic pentameter. This metre was later used by Thomas Kyd in drama and by John Milton in epic poems. Everyone knows blank verse from Shakespeare's works. Henry Howard used blank verse in his translations from Virgil.

Harry Hamlin

Harry Robinson Hamlin (born October 30, 1951) is an American actor. He is well known for his role as Perseus in the 1981 fantasy movie "Clash of the Titans". He also played Michael Kuzack in "L.A. Law".

Cancioneiro Geral

Cancioneiro Geral (that means "The General Book of Songs") is an anthology (collection) of Portuguese poetry organized by the poet Garcia de Resende (1470-1536). The book was published in 1516. It contains poems by Portuguese authors of the 15th and 16th centuries. It was the largest collection of Portuguese poetry, written mostly in Portuguese but also in Castilian. It contains about 1000 poems by 286 authors and covers a variety of subjects. It is the main source for history of early modern Portuguese poetry, as it was the first collection of poetry printed in Portugal, and the main repository for poetry at the time. The book was republished in 1846 Stuttgart, Germany. It was edited by Eduard Heinrich von Kausler. Francisco de Sá de Miranda's poems were included into Cancioneiro Geral. Cancioneiro Geral can be compared to Carmina Burana or Tottel’s Miscellany.

The "Songbook" follows the models of Castilian poems compilations performed earlier, as the "Songbook of Baena" 1445 and the "General Songbook" of Hernando del Castillo, published in 1511. Garcia de Resende (c.1470-1536), who was a poet , chronicler and courtier in the court of D. Manuel I , gathered a set of almost a thousand poems of 286 authors, of which about 150 are written in Castilian and the rest in Portuguese. The production period of poems ranges from the mid-fifteenth century to the early sixteenth century. Unlike the Castilian songbook of 1511, the poems of the Portuguese work are not arranged by themes. 

The work of Resende was published for the first time in 1516, in the workshop of Hermão de Campos , and is dedicated to Prince John, future John III of Portugal . The themes reveal a palatial character of poetry, on the day to day in court, and other religious themes, loving, elegiac , and some attempts to epic poetry . Unlike the time troubadour , when poetry was meant to be sung and bailada, the poems of "Cancioneiro" are autonomous, and the pace is achieved by the sound of words and the Organizationverses and stanzas . 

Among the many authors include João Roiz de Castel-Branco , Sá de Miranda , Bernardim Ribeiro and Garcia de Resende himself. 

Research and development

Research and development (R&D) refers to a wide range of activities by businesses, governments and academic institutions designed to gather knowledge and test new ideas. This often leads to the development of new products or new ways of doing things. R&D generally has three main activities. These are: basic research, applied research and development. Basic research is aimed at getting new knowledge with no immediate use or purpose in mind. Applied research is just the opposite. It is research for a definite purpose or product. Development has more to do with adding features to a product. Often, development is a process of eliminating all but the best idea to arrive at the best solution. Basic and applied research costs are often written off as expenses while the costs of development are added to the cost of the product. R&D often results in owning intellectual property such as patents. In Europe, R&D is called research and technical/technological development (RTD). 

In 2015, Volkswagen was the world's leading spender in R&D


Institut d'optique Graduate School

Institut d'optique Graduate School (SupOptique) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at SupOptique.

Research activities at SupOptique relate to the following topics:


Mary Sidney

Mary Sidney (1561-1621) was an English poet. She was the sister of more famous poet Philip Sidney.

Mary Sidney was the daughter of Henry Sidney and Mary Dudley. She was born on 27 October 1561 at Tickenhall near Bewdley in Worcestershire. She was well educated, which was unusual for a girl at the time. She knew French, Italian, Latin and Greek. When she was fifteen, she married Henry Herbert, Earl of Pembroke. Thus she became Countess of Pembroke. She had four children, Katherine, Anne, William and Philip. She died of smallpox in London on 25 September 1621. She is buried in the cathedral in Salisbury.

Mary Sidney was a poet and translator. She translated 107 Psalms, using 128 different verse forms. She wrote also the poem for her brother, named "To the Angel Spirit of the Most Excellent Sir Philip Sidney". She is said to have been the most important woman poet in 16th century England save the queen.


Vladimír Holan

Vladimír Holan (September 16, 1905 – March 31, 1980) was a Czech poet.

Vladimír Holan was born in 1905 in Prague. He got his high-school certificate in 1926 and started to study law. However, he was not much interested in it and left the university quickly. He worked in an office and after some years abandoned it because of ill health.

In 1926 Holan published his first book of poetry named "Blouznivý vějíř" ("A Thoughtful Fan"). The poet himself was not much pleased with the book. In 1930 he published another book which was more successful, named "Triumf smrti" ("The Triumph of Death"). Many other books followed that. The most important work by Holan is "Noc s Hamletem" ("A night with Hamlet"). Holan wrote poems till 1977 when his only daughter died. After it he wrote nothing more. Holan was awarded many times and nominated for Nobel prize. The poet died in Prague in 1980. He was buried at Olšany Cemetery in Prague.

Holan's poems are different and usually regarded as difficult. The poems are full of symbols and images that can be understood in different ways. He used classical verse forms and free verse as well. He is also known to have employed alliteration and puns. Holan was also a translator. He translated European literature into Czech.




Iambic pentameter

Iambic pentameter is a kind of verse. It is the most common kind of verse in English literature.

The two words seem difficult, because the words are Greek. "Pentameter" means "consisting of five measures" and "iambic" "consisting of iambs".

The rhythm which words make in the line is measured in small groups of syllables called "feet". The word "iambic" refers to the type of foot that is used, known as the "iamb". This is an unstressed syllable followed by a stressed syllable. The word "pentameter" indicates that a line has five of these "feet".

In theory every line is composed of ten syllables and have five stresses. Stresses fall on the second, the fourth, the sixth, the eighth and the tenth syllable. This is marked with two signs. The sign "x" stands for a syllable with no stress, and the sign "/" stands for a syllable with stress. So a line of iambic pentameter is:

In real poems lines have often an extra syllable at the end and sometimes lack the first unaccented syllable. A line can be divided in five units that are called "feet". The unit x / is called an "iamb" or "iambic foot". Sometimes the pattern is changed. First foot can be reversed: / x x / x / x / x /.
When iambic pentameter is unrhymed it is called blank verse. Blank verse was introduced into English poetry by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey. Thomas Kyd used it in his "The Spanish Tragedy".

There are no rhymes in blank verse, but alliteration often occurs in it, for example "prime and pride".

William Shakespeare's dramas are written chiefly in blank verse. The first line of the famous Hamlet's monologue is an example:

John Milton used blank verse in Paradise Lost. Many other poets (for example Edwin Atherstone, John Fitchett, Alfred Tennyson, Robert Browning and Matthew Arnold employed it long poems. John Fitchett's "King Alfred" is perhaps the longest epic poem written in blank verse. It consists of more than 130 000 lines. But Alexander Pope wrote iambic pentameter with rhymes. One line rhymes with the next. It is called heroic couplet.

Dramatic monologues are usually written in blank verse. Good examples are Tennyson's "St Simeon Stylites" and "Ulysses" or Browning's "The Ring and the Book". Robert Frost wrote similar poems in the United States.
Lines of iambic pentameter can be set also into stanzas. An example of a stanza is rhyme royal that consists of seven lines and rhymes ababbcc. It was used by Emma Lazarus in the poem "Sympathy" from the sequence "Epochs".

Iambic pentameter is used also in English sonnets.

The rhythm of iambic pentameter is close to the rhythm of everyday English speech. Iambic pentameter is common in German literature, too. This example is from "The Flamingos" by Rainer Maria Rilke:



John Fitchett

John Fitchett (1776-1838) was an English poet.

John Fitchett was born on 21 September 1776. He became an orphan very early. He studied law and became an attorney. He lived in Warrington, England. In 1796 he published his first work named "Bewsey, a Poem". John Fitchett never married. He died on 20 October 1838.

John Fitchett is remembered as the author of an epic poem named "King Alfred". It was published in the years 1841-1842. It took forty years to write it. It tells about English King Alfred the Great, who lived during the 9th century and fought against the Vikings. The poem is a literary curiosity. It is probably the longest poem ever written in English. John Fitchett left it unfinished, but his friend Robert Roscoe finished and published it. "King Alfred" is over 131 000 lines long. 2585 more lines were added by Roscoe.

Currituck County, North Carolina

Currituck County is the northeastern-most county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 28,100. Its county seat is Currituck. The county was formed in 1668 as a precinct of Albemarle County and later gained county status in 1739. The name is "traditionally said to be an Native American word for wild geese; "Coratank"."

Currituck County is included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC Metropolitan Area. It is in the northeastern section of the state and is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean, Currituck Sound, Camden County, Dare County and the state of Virginia. Currituck Court House, mentioned as early as 1755, was the name of the county seat. Today the words "Court House" have been dropped and only Currituck is used as the town name.

Tyrrell County, North Carolina

Tyrrell County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,245 making it the least populous county in the state. Its county seat is Columbia. The county was created in 1729 as Tyrrell Precinct and gained county status in 1739.

Tyrrell County is included in the Kill Devil Hills, NC Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk, VA-NC Combined Statistical Area.

Gates County, North Carolina

Gates County is a small, rural county located in the northeast portion of the U.S. state of North Carolina, on the border with Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,478. Its county seat is Gatesville.

Gates County is included in the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is part of the Albemarle Sound area of the Inner Banks.

United States Revenue Cutter Service

The United States Revenue Cutter Service (USRCS) was set up in 1790 when President George Washington signed an act allowing the building of 10 boats. They were designed to collect customs duties and taxes and to protect against smuggling. They were also tasked with making sure shipments of goods from the United States were getting through to markets in other countries. In 1915, President Woodrow Wilson signed the "Act to Create the Coast Guard". This designated the United States Coast Guard as a branch of the US military. It was formed by merging the Revenue Cutter Service with the United States Life-Saving Service.

Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury suggested the creation of the Revenue Cutter Service in a letter dated October 2, 1789. After being approved by Congress, the service started with 10 boats called cutters. At the time a cutter was a small fast sailing vessel described as "a small, decked ship with one mast and bowsprit, with a gaff mainsail on a boom, a square yard and topsail, and two jibs or a jib and a staysail." Before the Revenue Cutter Service began, the Continental Navy had been disbanded. Until the United States Navy was formed in 1794, the Revenue Cutter Service was the nation's only naval force.

After the American Revolutionary War, the United States was struggling financially. The new country depended on the money it received from import tariffs. Smuggling had been seen as a patriotic duty during the war, but was now a robbing the country of one of its major sources of revenue. Hamilton realized that if something was not done quickly, the country would suffer financially. He suggested that a fleet of 10 cutters could collect revenues and prevent smuggling.

The original specifications stated they were to be between and long. Each would be manned by two officers, six marines and crews of about 10 men and boys.

Although it was not one of the first 10 cutters called for by Hamilton, the "North Carolina" was purchased in 1792 for use by the Revenue Marine Service. Before the first 10 were approved a number of vessels were used as revenue boats, some as early as the confederation period (March 1, 1781, to March 4, 1789). The first 10 cutters built were:










Disagreements over treaties and America's status of neutrality during the French Revolution led to an undeclared war between France and the United States. The conflict was fought at sea from July 7, 1798, until the Treaty of Mortefontaine was signed on September 30, 1800. However, French privateers had been robbing American ships for several years before the Quasi-War began. American merchant ships were also being attacked by barbary pirates. USRC cutters were sent to deal with the pirates but soon the combination of French privateers and pirates were more than the service could handle alone. Congress passed the Naval Act of 1794 which established a permanent standing navy. The Naval Act ordered the construction and manning of six frigates. Three years later the first three ships were welcomed into the U.S. Navy. As the Quasi-War heated up, both the Navy and Revenue Cutter Service worked together to protect American ships.

Revenue Cutters were first sent to the Caribbean Sea to protect American shipping from French warships in the spring of 1799. About 12 French warships were captured by Revenue cutters in 1799 in the Caribbean. Of these, the 6-gun "Bon Perre", captured by the USRC "Eagle", was put into service as a Revenue cutter and served until 1801. In 1800, the brigantine "Pickering" and the frigate "Insurgente" both departed the East Coast to join the fleet in the Caribbean. Both were lost at sea. There were no survivors to explain what happened to the two cutters. On February 3, 1801 the treaty with France was ratified. At this time many in Washington, D.C. thought that the Revenue Cutter Service should be reduced in size. Many of its larger cutters were too big and too expensive to maintain. Many of the larger and older cutters were sold and many junior officers were let go.

When the war started, the Navy only had six vessels smaller than a frigate. None of these were the "small fast sailing ships" the cutters were. The shallow-draft cutters suffered significant losses but managed to distinguish themselves as a fighting force. The cutter "Jefferson" captured the first British merchant ship, the "Patriot", in June 1812. In July the cutter "James Madison" captured the British ship "Shamrock". In one battle, the cutter "Surveyor" put up such a fight against the larger British frigate "HMS Narcissus", that when the "Surveyor" finally surrendered, The British Captain returned the sword of the American captain in recognition of his bravery. The cutter "Commodore Barry" was captured by British forces after putting up a strong defense. In one incident, the cutter "Eagle" was run aground during a battle with a British brig, the HMS "Dispatch" and a British sloop that was with her. The cutter's crew dragged the cutter's guns onto a bluff and kept fighting until late in the day. When they ran out of shot, they began firing back the spent British cannonballs (according to the legend). The War of 1812 saw the only USRCS prisoners of war taken by an enemy until World War II. The War proved the USRCS could hold their own against even the greatest naval force of the time.

During the Mexican–American War, President James K. Polk ordered the Secretary of the Treasury to have cutters in the Gulf of Mexico report to the United States Army (instead of the Navy). By the end of the war, eight cutters had served with the Army. This was out of a total fleet of only 14 cutters. They had capabilities the Navy (or Army) did not have. This was boats that could operate in shallow water and be used for amphibious landings. The Revenue cutters served on blockade duty, ferried men and supplies and supported Army and Navy operations.

On October 8, 1847, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury informed his commanders that the service was low on funds. The expenses of operating in Mexico had reduced funds to a new low. The service needed to cut back on new ships and retire those too expensive to keep running. The USRCS was reduced to eight cutters. By 1849, six new cutters had been ordered but between the Chesapeake Bay and the Gulf of Florida, there were only two cutters. One more served in the Gulf of Mexico. Two of the new cutters, when they became available, would serve in the Atlantic while four would serve on the West Coast.

Just before the start of the American Civil War the Revenue Cutter Service had just 24 cutters to guard both coasts of the United States. Of these, 23 were wooden sailing ships ranging in length of from to . All but one were either fore-and-aft rigged sloops or topsail schooners. The remaining cutter was a brig. The service also owned one modern (for that time) wooden paddle steamer measuring in length, the "USRC Harriet Lane" built in 1857-1858. The "Harriet Lane" was the pride of the Revenue Cutter Service. It was also the only cutter that had a full crew. The rest of the fleet barely had enough officers and men to operate the ships. Cutbacks in funding during the 1840s and 1850s and no pay raises left the service short of men. During this same period, the service began winter patrols in the North Atlantic Ocean to protect sailors. They also took on the task of enforcing immigration laws, especially on the West Coast where large numbers of Chinese coolies were being brought in on overcrowded ships. 

At the start of the war a small number of officers and men left the service to join the Confederacy and formed the core of the Confederate Revenue Marine. Six cutters had been seized by Confederate forces while in Southern ports. The "Harriet Lane" was temporarily transferred to the Union Navy. President Abraham Lincoln requested the Navy to transfer a number of ships to the Revenue Cutter Service, however no records show if any were actually transferred. During the remainder of the war, Revenue cutters protected Northern shipping and assisted the Navy in blockading Southern ports. The cutter "Harriet Lane" fired the first shots of the Civil War from a ship. But in 1863, in a battle with the Confederate Army and Navy, the "Harriet Lane" was captured and nearly all the crew members were killed.
On April 21, 1898, the United States declared war against Spain. President William McKinley temporarily transferred the ships of the Revenue Cutter Service to operate under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy. They were ordered to cooperate with the Navy and became part of their auxiliary forces. The Revenue Cutter Service provided 13 cutters to assist the Navy. Eight served in the North Atlantic Squadron, four patrolled the West Coast and one served with Admiral George Dewey's Asiatic Squadron.

Together, the Revenue Cutter Service and the U.S. Life-Saving Service formed the United States Coast Guard on 28 January 1915. The law made the Coast Guard a permanent member of the United States military and allowed it to be transferred to the U.S. Navy whenever necessary. The practice of placing the Revenue Cutter Service under control of the Navy in times of crisis had been the custom in the past. But now it was made official by the new law which also changed its name.


Vittoria Colonna

Vittoria Colonna (1490-1547), marchioness of Pescara, was an Italian noblewoman and poet.

Vittoria Colonna was born at Marino, Lazio, Italy in 1490. She was a daughter of Fabrizio Colonna and Agnese di Montefeltro. In 1509 she married Francesco Ferrante D'Avalos, who was the Marquis of Pescara. He was a knight and was often absent from home. He took part in many battles and wars. He was taken prisoner by the French in 1512. In 1525 he died from wounds after the battle of Pavia. From that time Colonna, a childless widow, lived in a nunnery although she did not become a nun. She was the most admired woman poet in Italy during the Renaissance. Vittoria Colonna died in Rome in 1547.

The first edition of Colonna's book of poems, named "Rime" ("Rhymes") was published in 1538. They turned out to be very popular. There were twelve editions of the book published before she died. Vittoria Colonna was admired for her poetry by Ludovico Ariosto. She was a friend of many other poets and artists, Jacopo Sannazzaro, Pietro Bembo, Baldassare Castiglione and especially Michelangelo. Colonna wrote sonnets, "canzone" (songs) and short poems in ottava rima. She wrote also a longer poem named "Capitolo del trionfo di Cristo" ("The chapter about the Triumph of Christ").


Kordshuli (tribe)

The Kurdshuli are a nomadic and pastoral tribe of the Fars Province in Iran.They speak Luri language.

Anil Kumble

Anil Kumble (full name:Anil Radhakrishna Kumble)is a retired Indian cricketer who captained Indian national cricket team for a few matches.Anil Kumble is a right arm leg spin bowler.One of the best bowler in world cricket.
Anil Kumble was born in Bangalore,Karnataka to Krishnaswamy and Saroja.Anil Kumble has a brother named Dinesh Kumble.Kumble studied his studies in Holy Saint English School.He started playing cricket in streets in Bangalore.Kumble completed B.E in Rashtriya Vidhyalaya College of Engineering in 1991-92.
Anil Kumble made his first-class debut against Hyderabad on 30 November 1989 playing for Karnataka. He took 4 wickets in the match.Anil played his debut Test match against England national cricket team.He picked 3 wickets in the second match of the series.Anil picked 18 wickets with the average of 25.94 at the economy rate of 1.84 in the four match series against South Africa in 1992.He picked 21 wickets against the series with England in the same year.In the third match of the series he picked 7 wickets for 165 runs and was awarded the Man of the Match award. On November 27 1993, Kumble picked 6wickets/12 runs against West Indies in the final match of Hero Cup. This record was broke by Stuart Binny against Bangladesh.Kumble picked 15 wickets in 1996 World Cup and became the leading wicket taker in the tournament.He picked 61 wickets in that single year.Anil along with Jim Laker are the persons who picked all the ten wickets in a single Test inning. He achieved this against Pakistan in the year 1999.Kumble had bowled over 40850 balls totally in his international cricket career, stands after Muttiah Muralidharan.

Canindeyú Department

The Canindeyú department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Salto del Guairá. Its code is PY-14.

Its name comes from Tupi Kaninde - macaw; ju - yellow, blue-and-yellow macaw ("Ara ararauna").

The Canindeyú department is in the northeast of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of . , the department has a population of 191,447 ( of the population of the country) for a population density of .

The Amambay and Mbaracayú mountain ranges are in the department and form the limits with Brazil.


, the total amount of precipitation in the city of Salto del Guairá was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Salto del Guairá was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 13 districts:

Farming is the main economic activity in the department. The main crops are soybean, tobacco and maize. Cattle raising is also an important activity.



Guido Guinizelli

Guido Guinizelli (c. 1230–1276) was an Italian poet. He is best remembered as the founder of Dolce Stil Novo.

Guido Guinizelli (or Guinizzelli) was born around 1230 in Bologna. He was a son of Guinizzello da Magnano, a famous judge. He studied law and became a lecturer at the university of Bologna. He died in Monselice in 1276.

Guido Guinizelli wrote canzone and sonnets. He introduced into Italian poetry a new style which was named "Dolce Stil Novo" that is "The Sweet New Style". Dante Alighieri called him "padre mio" ("my father"), regarding him as his teacher of poetry.



Church of St. Anthony in Jerzmanice-Zdrój

The Church of St. Anthony located in Jerzmanice-Zdrój, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Poland is a Roman Catholic church. The date of build is assessed on the 14th century.

The scheme of the church is very untypical as a Lower Silesian customs building. Since 1527 until 1945 the church was used by Protestants. In 1945, after the World War II, the church was taken by the Roman Catholic Church.

The Catholic temple was significantly affected by the fight, that took place for example during the Thirty Years' War and Napoleonic campaigns.

Eurovision Song Contest 2017

The Eurovision Song Contest 2017 ("shortly ESC)" was the 62nd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It took place in the International Exhibition Centre in Kiev, Ukraine, after Jamala won for Ukraine in 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden with her song "1944".

Ukraine hosted the contest for the second time after 2005. The competition was held from 9th to the 13th; the first semifinal was on Tuesday, May 9, the second semifinal on Thursday, May 11 and the grand final was on Saturday, May 13.

The contest happened in the International Exhibition Centre in Kiev. The venue holds 13,000 people and the venue will be rebuilt for the contest.

The ESC 2005, which was also held in Kiev, took place in the Palace Of Sports. This was also a possible venue for 2017, but might not fulfill today's demands.

However, the venue must have a maximum capacity of 10,000. The venue also has to be covered and an international press centre has to be in reach. Also it must have a capacity for 1,550 journalists.

The following cities applied for being a host city:


Some artists participated in the contest before and will represent their country again or as a another role:
Portugal and Romania will return; both quit last year's contest. Bosnia and Herzegovina, who returned in last year's contest, have quit this year because of financial difficulties.

On the 31th of October 2016 it was announced by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), that there will be 43 countries to participate in 2017.

The first semi final will take place on Tuesday, the 9th of May 2017. 18 countries will compete, the 10 countries with the most votes of them will qualify for the final. 

The running order will be decided and announced when all the countries have selected their entry.

Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom will vote in this semi-final.
The second semi-final will take place on Thursday, the 11th of May 2017. 19 countries will compete, the 10 countries with the most votes of them will qualify for the final.

The running order will be decided and announced when all the countries have selected their entry. After a request of the Swiss TV-broadcaster SRF, Switzerland was directly determined to participate and vote in Semi-Final 2.

France, Germany and Ukraine will vote in this semi-final.
These five countries are directly qualified for the final. Ukraine, as the host country, will also be performing directly in the Grand Final.
""


Philip Sidney

Philip Sidney (1554–1586) was an English poet, diplomat and soldier .

Philip Sidney was born on 30 November 1554. He was the son of Henry Sidney and his wife, Mary, née Dudley. On 17 October 1564 he was enrolled in Shrewsbury School. One of the boys that began their learning on that day was Fulke Greville, First Lord Brooke, who became Philip Sidney's friend. Much later he became his biographer, too. After he finished school, at the age of 13, Philip Sidney went to Oxford to study at Christ College. He did not however get any scholarly degree. He went to France when he witnessed the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre. He also travelled to Germany, Austria and Hungary. He was in Italy, too. He went as a messenger from Queen Elizabeth to Prague, where the emperor Maximilian II ruled. Then he went to a war in Netherlands. There he was wounded in the thigh 23 September 1586 at Zuphen. Because of that he got an infection and died at 17 October 1586 at Arnhem. He was buried on February 16, 1587 at St. Paul’s Cathedral in London. 

Philip Sidney is generally regarded as best English lyrical poet of the Renaissance. He was also considered a hero after his death Phillip Sidney wrote both poetry and prose. He is famous for his sonnets. They were edited in the sequence named "Astophil and Stella". He also wrote "Arcadia" and "The Defence of Poesy". Philip Sidney's poems were translated into many languages, among others into Czech. 

Philip Sidney's sister was the poet and translator Mary Sidney Herbert, Countess of Pembroke (1561-1621). 


Technologist

A technologist/technician is a person who specializes in using technology. A technologist/technician is someone who completely understands the technology and other technologies that can be applied. In the field of health care, for example, may be called a "lab tech". The lab technologist is the project manager who supervises the lab. 

A technologist may be known by different job titles in various organizations. For example, a Director of Information Technology is often a technologist. The same is true for a Technology Project Manager. Smaller organizations may use a technologist to perform many functions. In some cases, a project may be started using a staff member or technician, then handed off to a technologist as the project progresses. The technologist is a specialist in how technologies can be used to meet the goals of the project owner. In Canada, engineers with training from other countries may find themselves working as an engineering technologist.



South Jamaica, Queens

South Jamaica is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. It is located south of Jamaica Avenue in Jamaica, Queens, New York. Its border to the west is the Van Wyck Expressway. Its border to the east is Guy R. Brewer Boulevard. Its border to the south is the North Conduit Expressway.

Egolzwil

Egolzwil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Ettiswil

Ettiswil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On January 1, 2006 the municipality of Kottwil.

It is south of the Wauwilermoos.


Fischbach, Switzerland

Fischbach is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Gettnau

Gettnau was a municipality in Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Gettnau became a part of Willisau.


Gandria

Gandria is a quarter and former municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Breganzona, Cureggia, Davesco-Soragno, Gandria, Pambio-Noranco, Pazzallo, Pregassona and Viganello merged into the city of Lugano.

Viganello

Viganello is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Until 2004, it was a municipality on its own. Then it was created to Lugano.


Linares Province

Linares () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). The provincial capital and largest city is Linares.

In 1873, the province of Linares was created from the old province of Maule; it had three departments: Linares, Parral and Loncomilla.

In 1927, Linares is eliminated as a province and became part of the new province of Maule but, in 1936, Linares was made again a province. When the regions were created in 1975, the Maule region was formed with the Curicó, Linares, Maule and Talca; later, the province of Cauquenes was added.

Linares is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) with an area of , the largest province in the Maule region.

The province is at the very center of mainland Chile, and its capital is at south of Santiago and south of Talca, the regional capital, in the middle of a rich agricultural area and with many vineyards.

Linares is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered to the north by the Talca province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Ñuble province (Bío Bío region) and to the west by the Cauquenes province.

 (last national census), there were 253,990 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 139,742 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Linares, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 65,133 inhabitants, followed by the cities of Parral (26,397 inhabitants) and San Javier (20,524 inhabitants).

As a province, Linares is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 8 communes ("comunas"). The city of Linares serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Names for ordinal numbers

Here are some words for small ordinal numbers. Words in bold are irregular.

When writing other numbers between 21 and 99, only use the cardinal form of the last number. Also, you must use a hyphen (-).

The ordinal number 100 is written as "one hundredth", but sometimes people say "the hundredth".

To write a number from 100 to 999:
Examples:

You can also write ordinal numbers by writing the number, then the ending (-st, -nd, -rd, or -th) from above.


Ministro Pistarini International Airport

Ministro Pistarini International Airport or also called as Ezeiza International Airport is an airport located in nearby Ezeiza, Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Its IATA code is EZE and ICAO code is SAEZ.

It is the direct entrance of long-distance international flights to the country, since the domestic and regional connections operate mostly from the Jorge Newbery Airport, which makes it the largest and most modern air terminal in Argentina. It recently received a rating of over 8 points out of 10 in the 2019 AirHelp Score, earning it 20th place in this ranking.

It is currently the base of operations for Aerolíneas Argentinas internationally. It is also the headquarters of the Ezeiza Naval Air Station of the Argentine Navy.

Opened in 1949, it was for three years the largest air base in the world. It operates with several airlines. Given its geographical location and market size, an important part of its flights have stopovers in Santiago, São Paulo and Lima.

Here are some of North American carriers that currently serve Ministro Pistarini:

In January 2017, the Minister of the Interior, Rogelio Frigerio, presented the Advance Passenger Information system that speeds up immigration procedures and obtains accurate information on the criminal record of passengers entering the country.

In March 2018, the Argentine government presented a $15 billion investment plan to transform the Ezeiza International Airport.


The airport has the capacity to serve the Airbus A380 superjumbo in hangar 5.


Clapper

Clapper or Clappers may refer to:

Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport

Arturo Merino Benitez International Airport or also called as Santiago-Pudahuel Airport is an airport located in Santiago, Chile, is Chile's largest aviation facility.

Its IATA code is SCL and ICAO code is SCEL.

The building is the hub for various Chilean airline companies, such as Chile's largest national and international airlines, which has been the subject of a drug trafficking investigation by chilean police.

Airlines which serve Comodoro Arturo Merino Benitez International Airport include:



São Paulo/Guarulhos International Airport

São Paulo/Guarulhos International Airport is an airport that serves São Paulo, Brazil, located 25 km north of the city centre. It is sometimes called Cumbica Airport, after the suburb in which it is located.

Its IATA code is GRU and ICAO code is SBGR.

The following airlines fly into Guarulhos: 

Many of these airlines have lounges at Guarulhos, most of which have internet access and mobile phone support, along with two meeting rooms for corporate executives.

There are also several restaurants, bookstores and cafés in the airport.


Linares, Chile

Linares is a Chilean city and commune in the Maule Region, in the Chilean Central Valley. Linares is the capital city of the province of Linares.

Linares was founded on 23 May 23 1794, as the "Villa de San Ambrosio de Linares" by Ambrosio O'Higgins, father of Bernardo O'Higgins. O'Higgins was then "Captain General" (a military governor) of Chile and Francisco de la Mata Linares was the Governor of Concepción.

In 1873, the province of Linares was created from the old province of Maule; it had three departments: Linares, Parral and Loncomilla.

In 1927, Linares was eliminated as a province and became part of the new province of Maule but, in 1936, Linares was made again a province with the same departments. When the regions were created in 1975, the Maule region was formed with the Curicó, Linares, Maule and Talca provinces.

 (last national census), there were 83,249 people (40,518 men and 42,731 women) living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 68,224 persons ( of the total).

The people from Linares are called "Linarenses", both men and women.

The commune has an area of and the city proper, .

The city of Linares is at south of Santiago and south of Talca, the regional capital.

The rivers Ancoa, Putagán and Achibueno are the main rivers that flow through the commune or form its natural borders.

Most of the territory of the commune is within the central plain ("Valle Central de Chile"). Some low hills are in the most western part of the commune, while its most eastern part is marked by the presence of the foothills of the Andes mountains.

The commune of Linares is bordered on the west by San Javier; on the north by Villa Alegre, Yerbas Buenas and Colbún; on the east, by Colbún, and on the south, by Longaví.

The climate of Linares is a mild Mediterranean climate, Csb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Linares is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Linares is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The city and its surroundings have many attractions, for example:


Some natural attractions in the surrounding area include the piedmont of the Andes mountains, with forests of pines and other trees; lakes (the artificial Colbún lake); rivers, and good camping and hiking areas.

Linares is an important agricultural, industrial and financial center of the region.



Camilo Pessanha

Camilo Pessanha (1867-1926) was a Portuguese poet. He is regarded as the most important representative of symbolism in Portuguese literature.

Camilo de Almeida Pessanha was born in Coimbra on 7 September 1867. His parents were Francisco António de Almeida Pessanha and Maria do Espírito Santo Duarte Nunes Pereira. He studied law at the university of Coimbra. After finishing his studies he went to Macao, a Portuguese town in China. He worked as a teacher there. Pessanha became interested in Chinese culture. He learned Chinese. He died in Macao on 1 March 1926. His death may have been caused by the poet's opium habit.

Camilo Pessanha is the author of only one poetic book. It is named Clépsidra and was published in 1922. He also wrote some books about Chinese culture. He collected some works of art in China. He translated some classic Chinese poems, too. Pessanha's works influenced Fernando Pessoa's poetry. He wrote chiefly sonnets.



Enid Lyons

Dame Enid Muriel Lyons AD, GBE (née Burnell; 9 July 1897 – 2 September 1981) was an Australian politician. She was the first woman to be elected to the Australian House of Representatives and the first woman in the federal Cabinet. She was the wife of the Premier of Tasmania and later Prime Minister of Australia, Joseph Lyons.

Lyons was born Enid Muriel Burnell in Smithton, Tasmania, one of three daughters of William and Eliza (née Taggett) Burnell. She trained to be a teacher in Hobart. Her mother was active in the Labor party and community groups in Tasmania. She was one of the first women appointed as a Justice of the Peace in Tasmania.

Lyons was made a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) in the Coronation Honours of 1937. Joseph Lyons died in 1939, aged 59, the first Australian Prime Minister to die in office, and Dame Enid returned to Tasmania. She bitterly resented Joseph Lyons's successor as leader of the UAP, Robert Menzies, who had, she believed, betrayed her husband by resigning from the Cabinet, shortly before Joseph's death.

At the 1943 election Dame Enid Lyons narrowly won the Division of Darwin in north-western Tasmania for the UAP, becoming the first woman in the House of Representatives. Her Labor opponent, who received more primary votes than she did, was the future Tasmanian Premier Eric Reece. At the same election, Dorothy Tangney was elected as a Labor Senator for Western Australia, the nation's first woman Senator.

In retirement, Dame Enid's health recovered. She was a newspaper columnist (1951–54), a commissioner of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (1951–62), and remained active in public life promoting family and women's issues. She published three volumes of memoirs, which embarrassed the Liberal Party by reviving her complaints about Menzies' 1939 behaviour towards her husband.

She was nevertheless made a Dame of the Order of Australia (AD) on Australia Day 1980, the second woman to receive this honour. She was the first Australian woman to receive damehoods in different orders. She died the following year and was accorded a state funeral inDevonport, Tasmania, before being buried next to her husband at Mersey Vale Lawn Cemetery.

Kappa Mikey

Kappa Mikey is an American animated television series. It was created by Larry Schwarz. The series was created by Schwarz's studio Animation Collective. The series was first broadcast on February 25, 2006. It ended on September 20, 2008. 52 episodes were made.


List of programs broadcast by Nick Jr. (block)

This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast on Nickelodeon's morning block, Nick Jr. from 1988 to 2009 and since 2014 under its current name, 2009 to 2012 under the "Nick Play Date" name, and 2012 to 2014 under the "Nick: The Smart Place to Play" name.


Sapphic stanza

Sapphic stanza is a strophe that is widely used in European poetry. It is of Greek origin and is named after the ancient Greek female poet Sappho.

The stanza consists of four lines. Three of them are composed of eleven syllables and the last one is made up of five syllables. In Greek verse the quantity of syllables is important—whether the syllables are long or short. In other languages, this is no longer significant.

Sapphic stanza was adopted by Roman poets like Horace. His popularity helped in expanding the use of the stanza and became common in many works of literature. The Sapphic stanza was extremely popular in Polish poetry from the 16th century. In English however, is not used often. Among poets who experimented with it was Algernon Charles Swinburne.

International Youth Arts Festival

International Youth Arts Festival (IYAF) is an annual youth arts festival held in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames every July. The festival was founded in 2009 by Robin Hutchinson MBE and has involved more than 25,000 young people as participants and volunteers since 2009.

It is an open-access performing arts festival: it does not book performers and anyone may participate. The festival programme includes a range of art forms including theatre, dance, music, comedy, visual arts and children's shows.

Venues across the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames support artists in the festival by transforming their spaces into performance venues. The festival includes over 200 staged events in venues including Rose Theatre, Arthur Cotterell Theatre, Kingston Library, Fairfield Recreation Ground, Eagle Brewery Wharf and The Library club. The venues are close together, enabling audience members to visit multiple performances.

2016 - Andy Currums 

2015 - Trevor Blackman

2009 - 2014 Aniela Zaba

Patrons of International Youth Arts Festival include Angellica Bell, Michael Underwood, Tom Holland, Tom Chambers, Sheridan Smith and Matt Lucas.

Robin Hutchinson MBE

Olea capensis

Olea capensis (synonyms are "Olea undulata" and O. laurifolia) is also called black ironwood. 

It is an African tree species belonging to the olive family (Oleaceae). It is widespread in Africa south of the Sahara. It grows from the east in Somalia, Ethiopia and Sudan, south to the tip of South Africa, and west to Cameroon, Sierra Leone and the Islands of the Gulf of Guinea, as well as Madagascar and the Comoros. It occurs in the bush, littoral scrub and evergreen forest.

The Guinness Book of World Records lists this tree as the world's most dense wood, with a specific gravity of 1.49. It is known for sinking in water, unlike other woods. It is also the one of the world's hardest woods. The timber resists abrasion and is very strong. It is an excellent turnery wood, widely used for wooden items.

USRC Vigilant (1791)

Vigilant was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. Her name meant: On the alert; watchful. "Vigilant" was launched in 1791 in New York and was used to patrol New York waters.

Her design was that of a schooner. She was rigged with fore-and-aft sails on two masts. She was long and had a shallow of only . "Vigilant", launched in March 1791, it was probably the first cutter in the water. She was not, however, the first to enter into active service. Her first patrol was in December 1791. Her first master was Patrick Dennis, appointed on 6 October 1790. He also supervised the construction. Dennis served as master until his death on February 9, 1798.

Her assigned waters included New York Harbor, the coast of New York and New Jersey, Long Island Sound and the Hudson River as far as Albany, New York. On November 14, 1798 "Vigilant" was sold for £348. The Revenue Cutter Service decided the "Vigilant" was not large enough to carry out her duties. Nothing further is known of the cutter after that date.



USRC Massachusetts

USRC "Massachusetts" was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. While not the first USRS cutter to be launched, it was the first to enter active service.

"Massachusetts" was built at Newburyport, MA by shipwright William Searle. She was designed as a schooner. She was rigged with fore-and-aft sails on two masts. 

On July 15, 1791 "Massachusetts" was launched. John Foster Williams was its first master. Her crew consisted of four officers, four enlisted men and two cabin boys. She was long by wide and had a shallow draft of only . Williams ordered an increase in her size without getting approval by the service. This increased her cost over what was originally budgeted. But the government accepted the "Massachusetts" as changed by Williams.

She had the shortest service life of any of the original ten cutters. The first "Massachusetts" turned out to be too expensive to operate and was too slow. On 9 October 1792 she was sold. In 1793 she was replaced by a smaller lighter sloop, the "Massachusetts II".



Lucrezia Marinella

Lucrezia Marinella (or Marinelli, 1571-1653) was an Italian poet.

She was born in Venice. Her father, named Giovanni Marinelli was a physician, so was her brother, Curzio Marinelli. Nothing is known however about her mother. The social position of the family enabled her to learn. She married Girolamo Vacca, who was also a physician.

Marinella wrote many works. She is widely known as the author of "La nobiltà et l'eccellenza delle donne co' diffetti et mancamenti de gli uomini" ("The Nobility and Excellence of Women and the Defects and Vices of Men", 1600). Her greatest work is an epic poem "L'Enrico ovvero Bisanzio acquistato". At that time the genre of epic poem was regarded as suitable for only men. Lucrezia Marinella proved that a woman can write a heroic poem. The poem is written in ottava rima which is considered to be a difficult form. It was translated into English by Maria Galli Stampino.

Lucrezia Marinella lived long for her time period. She died of malaria in Venice on 9 October 1653. She was buried in the church of S. Pantalone.


USRC Active (1791)

USRC "Active" (1791) was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. It was commissioned in 1792 and remained in service until 1800.

"Active" was built by the shipwright David Stodder in Baltimore, Maryland. She was designed as a schooner. She was rigged with fore-and-aft sails on two masts. She was launched on April 9, 1791 and was based in Baltimore. USRC "Active" was used to patrol the waters of the Chesapeake Bay. 

Her first master was Simon Gross. Her first mate was Isaac Roach and her second mate was Benjamin Rue. Goss resigned in 1792 and President George Washington promoted the former first mate, David Porter, as master. The 1791-built cutter named "Active" was sold in 1800.



National Serbian Clarinet Association

The National Serbian Clarinet Association (NSCA, Serb. "Национална српска кларинетистичка асоцијација"/"Nacionalna srpska klarinetistička asocijacija") is an association established in 2015, by Serbian clarinetists. Most of the founders were members of the International Clarinet Association (ICA) and European Clarinet Association (ECA) who are active professional performers of classical music. There are also students and clarinetists who perform other genres of music. 

The main aims of the NSCA, declared in its Founding Act and Statute, include assembling Serbian clarinetists interested in researching the clarinet and clarinet literature, organizing clarinet-related events, and collaborating with foreign clarinetists and clarinet associations.

The Board of Directors consists of:

The Council members are: Nicholas Cox (UK), Heike Fricke (Germany), James Gillespie (USA), Andrea Massimo Grassi (Italy), Alan R. Kay (USA), Joze Kotar (Slovenia), Milan Milosevic (Canada), Jean-Marie Paul (France), Kyrill Rybakov (Russia), Vladimir Skorokhodov (Belarus), Robert Spring (USA), Stephan Vermeersch (Belgium), Eva Wasserman-Margolis (Israel), Anton Weinberg (UK) and Floyd Williams (Australia).


International Clarinet Association

The International Clarinet Association is the main international organization bringing together players of the clarinet. It is based in the United States. The ICA publishes a quarterly journal "The Clarinet", produces an annual festival "ClarinetFest", supports a research library and score collection, and in other ways advances the international study of the clarinet.

ECA

ECA may refer to:

European Clarinet Association

The European Clarinet Association is association that assembles clarinetists from various European countries.
At the 2009 ClarinetFest in Porto, Portugal, a group of European clarinetists decided to found the European Clarinet Association - ECA. The Board of Directors included clarinetists from different European regions, under the leadership of Matthias Müller from Zurich. 
The aims of the European Clarinet Association are:


Educational technologist

An educational technologist is someone trained in the field of educational technology. Educational technologists try to analyze, design, develop, implement and evaluate processes and tools to make learning easier. The term does not necessarily, or even mainly, refer to hardware. The most significant ideas came from applied psychology and programmed learning.

There are various other terms which are alternatives, most obviously 'instructional technologist'. There have been various names for institutions specialising in the activity. The description used originally at the UK Open University was 'Applied Educational Sciences', changed later to 'Institute of Educational Technology'. To produce the landmark program "Sesame Street", the Childrens' Television Workshop employed applied psychologists to pre-test all programs. This was a typical activity for educational technologists even if they were not called by that name.



Māori religion

Traditional Māori religion, a pre-European belief system of the Māori, was very like the religion of the tropical Eastern Polynesian homeland (Hawaiki Nui). Both religions conceive of everything, including natural elements, all living things, and that all are connected by common descent through whakapapa or genealogy. All things were thought of as possessing a life force or mauri. Illustrating this concept of connectedness through genealogy are the major personifications of pre-contact times. 

Tangaroa was the personification of the ocean and the ancestor or origin of all fish; Tāne was the personification of the forest and the origin of all birds. Rongo was the personification of peaceful activities and agriculture and the ancestor of cultivated plants. According to some, the supreme personification of the Māori was Io; however this idea is controversial.

Vincent du Vigneaud

Vincent du Vigneaud (May 18, 1901 – December 11, 1978) was an American biochemist. He won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1955 for his work on oxytocin.

Du Vigneaud was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied chemistry at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and then worked for the chemical company DuPont for one year. He then went back to university to study for his Ph.D degree. He received his Ph.D in 1927. He taught for one year at the medical school of Johns Hopkins University and then went to Europe. He did research in Dresden in Germany and at the medical school of the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. When he went back to America, he became a professor at the University of Illinois. In 1932 he moved to the George Washington University Medical School. In 1938 he moved to Cornell University Medical College in New York City. He was a professor at Cornell until he retired in 1967. 

Stove fan

Stove fans are small fans that are usually set on top of a wood-burning stove, although they can be put on top of anything warm, like an oven. A stove will slowly radiate heat into the surrounding room, but it can take a long time for this to warm up a room. A fan will make air move past the stove and into the room, which will make the room warm up much faster. (This type of heat is called "convection.")

Although any kind of fan can help warm move air around a room, this type of stove fan is placed directly on the top of the stove. You don't plug it in, and it doesn't have any batteries. Instead, the heat from the stove itself causes the fan to move.

There are two main ways a stove fan can work:


Englischer Garten

The Englischer Garten, German for "English Garden", is a large public park in the centre of Munich, Bavaria, Germany stretching from the city centre to the northeastern city limits. It was created in 1789 by Sir Benjamin Thompson (1753–1814), later Count Rumford (Reichsgraf von Rumford), for Prince Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria. Thompsons' successors, Reinhard von Werneck (1757–1842) and Friedrich Ludwig von Sckell (1750–1823), advisers on the project from its beginning, both extended and improved the park.

Benjamin Zephaniah

Benjamin Obadiah Iqbal Zephaniah (15 April 1958 – 6 December 2023) was a British Jamaican writer, dub poet and Rastafarian. He was included in "The Times" list of Britain's top 50 post-war writers in 2008.

Zephaniah was a young black boy who had dyslexia and encountered Racism at his new school in Birmingham. He grew up in Handsworth up until the age of 9 when his mother who was also a Jamaican nurse who fled from his father who was a postman back in Barbados. Leaving his twin sister Velda and other siblings Zephaniah felt isolated as being a young black boy with a disability

Zephaniah faced prejudice frequently while residing in London and was involved in the racial riots of the 1980s: "They happened all around me. Racism was really evident back then. The National Front opposed foreigners and people of color, and the police were also very racist.

Zephaniah died on 6 December 2023 because of a brain tumor at the age of 65.


Gabriel Pereira de Castro

Gabriel Pereira de Castro (1571-1632) was a Portuguese priest, lawyer and poet.

Gabriel Pereira de Castro was born in Braga on 7 February 1571. He became a priest there. Then he studied law at the University of Coimbra. He died on 18 October 1632 in Lisbon.

Gabriel Pereira de Castro wrote some books about law. He is however known chiefly for his epic poem "Ulisseia ou Lisboa Edificada" ("Ulisseia or Lisbon Built"). It was published in 1636. It consists of ten books. It is written in ottava rima. Its form is typical for Renaissance epic poems. The poem imitates "The Lusiads" by Luís Vaz de Camões. It is about the founding of the town of Lisbon by Ulysses (Odysseus).



Grossdietwil

Grossdietwil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Hergiswil bei Willisau

Hergiswil bei Willisau is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Télécom Paris

Télécom Paris (also known as ENST or Télécom or École nationale supérieure des télécommunications, also Télécom ParisTech until 2019) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Télécom Paris.

Most of the 1600 graduate engineer students at Télécom Paris live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at Télécom Paris relate to the following topics:



Luthern

Luthern is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Hofstatt, Flühlen, Luthern, Luthern Dorf and Luthern Bad.


Menznau

Menznau is a municipality of the district Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


USRC General Green

USRC "General Green" was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. Although misspelled, she was named for the Revolutionary War hero Major General Nathanael Greene.

The "General Green" was launched on July 7, 1791 at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was built by shipwright David Price and stationed in the Delaware Bay. Her first master was James Montegomery. In 1791, her First Mate was Isaac Roach and her Second Mate was Charles Nuttle. "General Green" was rigged as a schooner with a displacement of and had a crew including four officers, four enlisted men and two cabin boys. She was armed with 10 four-pounder guns. Her first patrol was on July 7, 1791. The "General Green" was sold in December, 1797. She was replaced by the "USRC General Green (1797)" which was built to be loaned out to the United States Navy during the Quasi-War with France. 



Coby Bryant

Coby Bryant (born March 29, 1999) is an American football cornerback for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Cincinnati.

Armancourt, Somme

Armancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is about southeast of Amiens.

Arrest, Somme

Arrest is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 868.

Arvillers

Arvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 737.

Assainvillers

Assainvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 165.

Assevillers

Assevillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 267.

Athies, Somme

Athies is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 2006.

Aubercourt

Aubercourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 57.

Development regions of the Dominican Republic

The development regions of the Dominican Republic are groups of provinces made only for planning purposes and without any administrative function. They were created on 30 June 2004.

There are 10 development regions in three groups:
Cibao

Suroeste 

Sureste
The population data in the following tables are from the last national census ().

The Cibao is one of the tradicional division of the country; it corresponds with the northern half of the country.


Aubigny, Somme

Aubigny is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 528.

Aubvillers

Aubvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 114.

Auchonvillers

Auchonvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 137.

Aumâtre

Aumâtre is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 204.

Aumont, Somme

Aumont is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 138.

Authie, Somme

Authie is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The river Authie begins in Coigneux.

Avelesges

Avelesges is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

The commune is 44 km away from Amiens.

Avesnes-Chaussoy

Avesnes-Chaussoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 54.

Ayencourt

Ayencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 194.

Bacouel-sur-Selle

Bacouel-sur-Selle is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 474.

Bailleul, Somme

Bailleul is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2012 the population was 278.

Baizieux

Baizieux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 213.

Balâtre

Balâtre is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006 the population was 83.

Barleux

Barleux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 264.

Bavelincourt

Bavelincourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2017 the population was 106.

Bayencourt

Bayencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 83.

Bazentin

Bazentin is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 76.

Beaucamps-le-Jeune

Beaucamps-le-Jeune is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2010 the population was 191.

Bangarra Dance Theatre

Bangarra Dance Theatre is an Australian dance company. It specialises in presenting works by Indigenous Australian dancers, choreographers and musicians. It began in 1989. It is based in Sydney. Bangarra Dance Theatre performed in the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2000 Summer Olympics.


Smokey Mountain

Smokey Mountain is a big landfill site in Manila in the Philippines. It was called "Smokey Mountain" because of the thick smoke coming from burning waste. There were 2 million tons of waste dumped there. It made a big mountain. Many poor people lived in a shanty town at Smokey Mountain. They earned money by selling things they found in the dumped waste. These were things like plastic bottles, glass, cardboard, and copper wire.

The Philippine government closed Smokey Mountain in 1995. No more waste was dumped there. The government cleaned up the landfill site. They covered up the mountain of waste with dirt. They planted grass and trees. They knocked down the shanty town. New houses were built next to Smokey Mountain. 

This did not stop all the problems. Many poor people moved to a new landfill very close to Smokey Mountain. Waste is still dumped in that new landfill. The poor people built a new shanty town there. In the new landfill they still work all day looking in the waste for things they can sell.

Vulnicura

Vulnicura is the ninth studio album by Icelandic singer-songwriter Björk released in March 2015. The album deals the break-up with her long-time partner Matthew Barney chronologically. The name Vulnicura is a latin word that means "Cure for wounds".

The album was produced by Björk, Venezuelan producer Arca and British producer The Haxan Cloak. To promote the album, Björk embarked in the Vulnicura Tour. No song was released as promotional single.

It received universal acclaim from music critics and drew comparison to Björk previous albums Homogenic (1997) and Vespertine due to its instrumentation (strings and electronic beats) as well as its lyrical content.

Two different versions of the album were released during 2015 and 2016: Vulnicura Strings, which feature all the songs with new string arrangements, and Vulnicura Live, featuring Live versions of the album tracks as well as songs from her previous albums with new arrangements.


1932 Cuba hurricane

The 1932 Cuba hurricane was (at the time) the deadliest hurricane in the history of Cuba. The storm was the only Category 5 Atlantic hurricane in the month of November until 2020. 

Cuba was hit with heavy storm surge during the hurricane. Few buildings withstood the storm.

There were around 3,033 deaths in Cuba from the storm. It did over US$40 million in damage on the island.

The storm also affected the Cayman Islands, Bermuda and the Bahamas.

Nebikon

Nebikon is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Ohmstal

Ohmstal was a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ohmstal merged into the municipality of Schötz.

Pfaffnau

Pfaffnau is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schwarzenbach, Lucerne

Schwarzenbach is a village and former municipality of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2005, it is part of the municipality of Beromünster.

United States Life-Saving Service

The United States Life-Saving Service (USLSS) was a United States government agency that grew out of concerns for saving the lives of shipwrecked sailors and ship's passengers. The federal life-saving service was established on June 28, 1848 as an agency of the United States Department of the Treasury. In 1915, the USLSS merged with the United States Revenue Cutter Service to form the United States Coast Guard.

Large areas of the Atlantic coast of the United States were relatively unpopulated during the 18th and 19th centuries. Any ship that ran aground, even within sight of land, could not expect much help. Even if people saw a ship in trouble they did not have organizations or the equipment to go out and rescue those who were in trouble. Even in places like New York Harbor ships could run aground on sandbars during storms and not have anyone to help them. In a storm a ship caught on a sandbar could be broken into pieces in just hours. Some survivors might be able to swim to shore, but in winter they could die from hypothermia before anyone might find and help them. An example was the American sailing ship "Mexico". In 1837 it ran aground on the New Jersey coast and before anyone knew of the wreck, all 112 passengers had died.

There were early organizations that provided life-saving services in certain areas. For instance, in 1786, the Massachusetts Humane Society was formed by a number of Boston citizens who were concerned over the needless loss of life from shipwrecks in the area. They started the first lifeboat station at Cohasset, Massachusetts in 1807. These stations were small sheds that held the small boats and equipment that volunteers could use to rescue mariners. The society had recognized that only small boats were useful for life-saving since larger boats risked being shipwrecked as well. But the early sheds were only placed near busy ports and large areas of the coast remained unprotected.

On 14 August, 1848, Congress approved s for equipment for volunteers to provide life-saving rescues on the coastlines of New Jersey, New York and Massachusetts. Some funds went to the Massachusetts Humane Society because of their leadership in providing rescues for shipwreck victims. In 1850, a lifeboat station was built in Rhode Island and others were built in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Texas. In 1854, Congress approved $12,500 for metal surfboats for use in the Great Lakes. While Congress was providing funds from time to time, the efforts to save shipwrecked crews was still largely unorganized. Lifeboat stations and equipment were not kept up. Some equipment was stolen while the buildings were suffering from neglect and the effects of the weather on the shorelines. When the ship "Powhattan" was lost on April 16, 1852 and over 200 people died, the wreck happened just from a lifeboat station. To make matters worse, the bodies that washed up on shore were robbed of their belongings and left there. This got Congress to begin thinking about creating a federal life-saving service. In 1854 they began to take actions toward creating such a service. But progress on the idea stalled during the American Civil War.

The 1870 Atlantic hurricane season caused widespread destruction and casualties on a large scale. There was an national call for Congress to do something. Sumner Increase Kimball was an attorney who had joined the United States Department of the Treasury in 1862. In 1871 he was appointed to head the Life-Saving Bureau. Under his leadership the service was extended to the West Coast and the Great Lakes.

At this time there were two ways to save people in the water. One, which was used if the ship was close, was to rig a breeches buoy, a device on a rope used to pull someone to safety. The other method was to use a boat to row out through the surf to reach victims. Boats at this time were around long and were partially covered to keep water out. Crews often rowed through waves that were higher than the length of their boats. In about 1907, the boats began using gasoline-powered engines.

On January 28, 1915, the U.S. Coast Guard was formed by combining the Revenue Cutter Service with the Life-Saving Service. The law provided retirement of Kimball and many of the services' older employees. During its 44 year existence, the Life-Saving Service provided help to 28,121 ships and 178,741 people. During this time only 1,455 people lost their lives in rescues or attempted rescues by the USLSS.


Jan Matejko

Jan Alojzy Matejko (; also known as Jan Mateyko; 24 June 1838 – 1 November 1893) was a Polish painter. He is generally regarded as the greatest one in the 19th century.

Jan Matejko was born in Kraków (Cracow). on 24 June 1838. His father was Czech musician František Xaver Matějka (in Poland Franciszek Ksawery Matejko), a music teacher. His mother was Joanna Karolina Rossberg, who was half-German. He was never good at school. He never learned a foreign language well. However, he showed great artistic talent.

He studied at the School of Fine Arts in Kraków from 1852 to 1858. His professors were Wojciech Korneli Stattler and Władyslaw Łuszczkiewicz. He also studied in Munich and Vienna. Then he returned to Kraków and stayed in the town for the rest of his life. He was the principal of the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków. Among his students were Jacek Malczewski, Józef Mehoffer and Stanisław Wyspiański.

Matejko died on 1 November 1893 in Kraków. He is buried at Rakowicki Cemetery in Kraków.

Matejko is famous for his historical paintings. He painted portraits, too, especially those of his children. His best known paintings are "Astronomer Copernicus - Conversation with God", "Hanging of the Zygmunt bell", "Prussian Homage" and "Battle of Grunwald". He also published a book named "Portraits of Polish Kings" (1890). Most of these portraits are imaginary, meaning he painted kings and princes who lived many centuries before. There are no earlier pictures of them.

Union of Azerbaijani Writers

The Union of Azerbaijani Writers () is the largest public organization of Azerbaijani writers, poets and publicists. It has over 1500 members at present. It was founded on June 13, 1934. At this time Azerbaijan was a part of the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.

It is currently chaired by the writer Anar since 1987. He is the son of writer Rasul Rza. Rza was the chairman between 1938–1939.

USRC Scammel (1791)

Scammel was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. The "Schammel" was named by Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton, after the American Revolutionary War Adjutant general of the army, Alexander Scammell. General Scammell was captured by the British at the Battle of Yorktown and shot. As with the USRC "General Green" (1791), the name is misspelled. The "Scammel" was built at Portsmouth, New Hampshire and launched in 1791. She was used to patrol New England waters.

The "Scammel" was built at Portsmouth but problems delayed her construction. She was not launched until a month after the USRC General Green (1791), on August 24, 1791. She was to be stationed at Portsmouth and her patrol area was from Nantucket, Massachusetts to the Passamaquoddy Bay in Maine. Her first master was Hopley Yeaton, the first seagoing officer to be commissioned in the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service. John Parrott was the second mate while John Adams was third mate. Originally Hamilton had some difficulty in finding a first mate when the "Scammel" went into service. In November 1792, John Adams was promoted to first mate and Benjamin Gunnerson became the new second mate. The first-named cutter "Scammel" was sold Sold on 16 August 1798.

"Scammel" was a schooner which was built at a cost of $1,225.65. She displaced about She was long by wide and had a draft of . She had a crew of four officers, four enlisted men and two cabin boys. Her arms included 10 muskets and 20 pistols.



Moon landing

A Moon landing is the arrival of a spacecraft on the surface of the Moon. It is a follow up to Project Mercury. This includes both crewed and uncrewed (robotic) missions. The first man-made object to reach the surface of the Moon was the Soviet Union's Luna 2 mission, on 13 September 1959.

The United States' Apollo 11 was the first crewed mission to land on the Moon, on 20 July 1969. There have been six missions with people onboard that landed on the Moon between 1969 and 1972. There were also numerous landings without people onboard, with no soft landings happening from 22 August 1976 until 14 December 2013.

To date, the United States is the only country to have successfully landed humans on the Moon. The last mission was in December, 1972, and the last human to walk on the Moon was Gene Cernan.

Lady Mary Wortley Montagu

Lady Mary Wortley Montagu (baptized 26 May 1689 – 21 August 1762) was an English letter writer and poet. She is famous for her letters about her travels to the Ottoman Empire. Her husband was the British ambassador to Turkey. She also introduced and encouraged smallpox inoculation to Britain. 

Xu Zhimo

Xu Zhimo (; Pronunciation: Hsü Chih-mo, 1897-1931) was a Chinese poet. Influenced by western poetries, his romantic work style was a great contribution to modern Chinese literature. His poetry is usually about love, beauty and freedom.

Xu Zhimo was originally given the name Zhangxu when he was born on January 15th, 1895. He was the only child from a rich family in Xiashi town, China. Though Zhimo’s father had always wanted him to either become a successful businessman or a scholar, Zhimo had shown interest in nature since he was a child. He started studying at age of five, which was early at that time. His teachers considered him an intelligent, clever, and active student.

Later on, in Hangzhou Secondary School, he not only had excellent academic performance but also made many friends whom they shared the same interest ― writing. That was also when Zhimo started to show his great writing ability. Right after his first marriage in 1915, Zhimo continued his study in Tianjin University. There he met Liang Qichao, a well-known Chinese writer who first encouraged him to go study in the U.S.

Xu Zhimo went to the U.S. to accomplish his education in 1918. He first studied history in Clark University, and then transferred to Cornell and Columbia Universities for economics in 1919. During the time in Columbia University, he wrote articles about social issues and political science. In 1920, he left for London School of Economics and Political Science because he wanted to study with Bertrand Russell and Harold Laski, the two philosopher and theorist whom he really admired. Later he went to King’s College, Cambridge, where he was influenced by English poets such as Keats and Shelley. Being taught by Goldsworthy Lowes Dickinson, it was when Zhimo started working on poetries that showed influence of English romantic literature. Before returning to China, Zhimo had translated some English and French romantic works into Chinese.  

In China, he put most of his efforts on producing poetries, in which he combined western romantic elements and modern Chinese forms. He published a monthly magazine “Goal”, which was to encourage Chinese people to achieve their goals. With Liang Qichao and Hu Shi, Zhimo formed a poetry society, “The Crescent Moon Society”. Their modern work style and the everyday language tone in their works were huge breakthroughs in Chinese literature. 

In the last few years of his life he was editors in several bookstores and professors in many universities. 
Xu Zhimo, throughout his life, was pursuing beauty, freedom and love. In search of true love, there were three especially important women ― Zhang Youyi, Lin Huiyin and Lu Xiaoman, who influenced both Zhimo’s life and works.

By the time Zhimo graduated from Hangzhou Secondary School in 1915, his father arranged his marriage with Zhang Youyi, which was a Chinese tradition that Zhimo tried to get rid of. Later while he was studying at Cambridge University in 1920, he met Lin Huiyin, who was also influenced by western culture and English romantic literature. They fell in love and that was when Zhimo was able to produce many romantic poetries about love.

Zhimo then divorced with Zhang Youyi in 1922. However, Lin Huiyin decided to go back to China and marry Liang Qichao’s son, Liang Sicheng. In order to search for Huiyin, Zhimo returned to China. He met Lu Xiaoman in Beijing and they were both impressed by each other’s talents and knowledge. They soon fell in love with each for several years and got married in 1926 and lived happily for the first few years. However, when Xiaoman became wasteful, Zhimo had to teach in two universities to sustain the expenditure. That was also when Zhimo’s production in poems decreased.

On November 19th, 1931, Zhimo took a plane from Beijing to Nanjing in order to attend Lin Huiyin’s speech. During the flight the plane crashed into the hills near Jinan because of the thick fog. Zhimo died at the age of 35.

Xu Zhimo was the leader of modern Chinese poetry movement. He was one of the pioneers who combined modern and romantic elements in Chinese poetry. Influenced by western forms, his romantic works broke old Chinese literary forms. In his short life, Zhimo translated many English poems, published four poetry anthologies, four collections of essays, and many significant poetries. Also, as editors for many different monthly magazines, he promoted and introduced western literature and liberal ideas to Chinese people.

William Blake - The Tiger, Thomas Hardy - A Week, The Wound, The Division, Her Initials, To The Moon, I Look into My Glass, Katherine Mansfield - The Meeting, The Gulf, Sleeping Together, James Elroy Flecker - Tenebris Interlucentem V. II, Matthew Arnold - Requiescat, Christina Rossetti - Song, The Hour and the Ghost

By Chance, Go, It is Not Easy to Survive Nowadays, Spring, Saying Goodbye to Cambridge Again (also: Leaving Cambridge), Cricket, I Don’t Know Which Direction the Wind is Blowing, Insignificance, You Are in His Eyes, Wind in the Pines at Midnight, The Wide Sea, A P'i-pa Tune in an Alley at Midnight 


Reiden

Reiden is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Langnau bei Reiden and Richenthal merged into the municipality of Reiden.

Canary Wharf

Canary Wharf is a major business district in Tower Hamlets, East London. It is one of the United Kingdom's two main financial centres, second only to the traditional City of London. It contains many of Europe's tallest buildings, including the second-tallest in the UK, One Canada Square. Canary Wharf is located on the West India Docks on the Isle of Dogs.

From 1802 to the late 1980s, the Canary Wharf Estate was a part of Millwall, Limehouse and Poplar and was one of the busiest docks in the world. West India Docks was primarily developed by Robert Milligan (c. 1746–1809) who set up the West India Dock Company. After the 1960s, the port industry began to decline, leading to all the docks being closed by 1980.

The Canary Wharf of today is a complete reworking of the old dock area into a new business area. 
Initially, the City of London saw Canary Wharf as a threat. Recovery in the property market generally, and demand for Grade A office space, improved the level of interest. A critical event was the much-delayed start of work on the Jubilee line extension, which the government wanted ready for the Millennium celebrations.

Canary Wharf has stations on the Jubilee Line and the Docklands Light Railway and since 2022 the Elizabeth Line.

Antonina Domańska

Antonina Domańska (September 1853 – 26 January 1917) was a Polish writer. She wrote lots of books for children.

Antonina Domańska was born in September 1853 in Kamieniec Podolski (now in Ukraine). The exact date of birth is unknown. She was a daughter of physician Aleksander Kremer and Modesta Płońska. She was the aunt of a poet Lucjan Rydel. In 1865 she moved to Kraków (Cracow). She met her future husband, Stanisław Domański there. He was a physician. She was present at Lucjan Rydel's wedding in the village of Bronowice near Kraków in 1900. This is why she was portrayed in the drama "Wesele" ("The Wedding") by Stanisław Wyspiański. She died in on 26 January 1917.

Domańska's most famous books for children are "Historia żółtej ciżemki" ("The Story of Yellow Shoe", 1913) and "Paziowie króla Zygmunta" ("King Sigismund's Pageboys", 1910). Two films were based on them.

USRC Argus

USRC "Argus (1791)" was one of the original ten cutters built and used by the United States Revenue Cutter Service. Of the first ten cutters, the "Argus" was in service the longest. 

"Argus" was built and launched in 1791 at New London, Connecticut where she remained stationed. The first-named Argus was sold in 1804. "Argus" was designed as a sloop. She was long by wide and had a draft of . She displaced about .

Jonathan Maltbie was her first master. He died on 11 Feb. 1798 while still in command of the "Argus". He served in the Continental Navy during and after the American Revolutionary War. His last assignment was as a first lieutenant on the frigate "USS Trumbull."


Garuda Indonesia Flight 152

Garuda Indonesia Flight 152 was a scheduled domestic Indonesian passenger flight from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta to Polonia International Airport in Medan, North Sumatra. It was flown using an Airbus A300B4 registered PK-GAI and operated Garuda Indonesia.

On September 26, 1997, Flight 152, piloted by Hance Rahmowiyogo, crashed into mountainous woodlands from Medan during low visibility caused by the 1997 Southeast Asian haze. All 234 passengers and crew were killed in the disaster. Rahmowiyogo, age 42, had over 20 years of flying experience at Garuda Indonesia and over 12,000 flying hours. The crash site was in a ravine near the village of Buah Nabar in the Sibolangit district south of Medan.

Flight 152 remains the deadliest single-plane crash in Indonesia, and the deadliest aviation accident in 1997.

Guairá Department

The Guairá department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Villarrica. Its code is PY-04.

The Guairá department is in the central part of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , one of the smallest of the "Oriental" region and of the country, with an estimated population (2013) of 198,532 for a population density of .


The highest points of Paraguay are in the Guairá department; these are:

The main river in the department is the "Tebicuary", a tributary of the Paraguay river. The "Tebicuari-mi" is an important tributary of the Tebicuari.

, the total amount of precipitation in the city of Villarrica was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2014 in Villarrica was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 18 districts:



Julie Trustrup Jensen

Julie Trustrup Jensen (born 6 April 1994) is a Danish football midfielder who plays for Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen. Since 2013, she has been a member of the senior Danish national team.

Trustrup Jensen played for B73 Slagelse until 2009, when she joined Brøndby IF. Good form in season 2010–11 led to Trustrup Jensen being named Denmark's Young Player of the Year. She scored a goal in the 3–2 Danish Women's Cup final win over rivals Fortuna Hjørring. She quit football in 2014 to travel round the world, but soon came back to her career with Brøndby. In June 2015 she scored an injury time winning goal in the Cup final against Fortuna, as Brøndby won 2–1.

Trustrup Jensen's first match for Denmark came in September 2013. She was a substitute for Brøndby team-mate Nanna Christiansen after 53 minutes of a 4–0 friendly win over Hungary in Budapest.


Acanthuridae

Acanthuridae is the family of surgeonfish, tangs, and unicornfish. 

The family includes about 86 living species. It is made up of marine fish living in tropical seas, usually around coral reefs. Many of the species are brightly colored and popular for aquaria.

One of the characteristics of this family is that they have spines on the tail (also known as "thorn tail").

Most species of the family are of small size, between 15-40 cm (6-15 in), but the genera "Prionorus" or "Naso" can be larger. 

State of Palestine

The State of Palestine is a partially recognized country in southwestern Asia. It claims East Jerusalem as its capital, however its administrative center is located in Ramallah. It is recognized by 139 United Nations members. Since 2012, it has non-member observer status in the United Nations. This amounts to a "de facto", or implicit, recognition of statehood.

The Palestinian National Authority claims the West Bank and the Gaza Strip as its territory. It declared independence on 15 November 1988. In 2012, the United Nations voted to recognize it as a State. On 26 February 2024, the Palestinian government collapsed.


Cauquenes Province

Cauquenes Province () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). The provincial capital and largest city is Cauquenes.

The Cauquenes province has an area of , the smallest province in the Maule region. The provincial capital, Cauquenes, is about southwest of Santiago.

The province is bordered to the north by the Talca province, to the east by the Linares province, to the south by the Ñuble province (Bío Bío region) and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 57,088 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 38,660 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Cauquenes, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 30,771.

As a province, Cauquenes is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 8 communes ("comunas"). The city of Cauquenes serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Acanthuroidei

Acanthuroidei is a suborder of Perciformes, the largest order of fishes.

Members of this suborder have a vertically-shaped body covered with small scales. The name for the suborder comes from that of the surgeonfish (Acanthuridae) family. It is got from the Greek words "akantha" and "oura", which loosely translate as "thorn" and "tail".

21 Mincing Lane

The Minster Court complex, at 21 Mincing Lane, is an important building in the City of London.

The London Underwriting Centre (LUC) is there. It runs in parallel with the Underwriting Room at Lloyd's of London. It may be visited by up to 4,000 brokers each day.

Julian Brazier

Sir Julian William Hendy Brazier (born 24 July 1953) is a British Conservative Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Canterbury from 1987 to 2017.

St Botolph Building

The St Botolph Building is an office building in Houndsditch, London. The commercial office opened in January 2011.

It is one of a number of landmark buildings recently developed to the east of the Gherkin in the City of London. It is in the centre of the UK insurance industry.

GR 8 (galaxy)

GR 8, or UGC 8091, is a gas-rich dwarf galaxy. The NED database gives the distance between this galaxy and the Earth as about 7.9 million light years. Although near the Milky Way, it is not decided whether it is a member of the Local Group.



Wacław Potocki

Wacław Potocki (1621 – 1696) was a Polish Baroque poet.

Wacław Potocki was born in the village named Wola Łużańska near the town of Biecz in Southern Poland. He was a member of noblemen family. They were Polish Brethren, Christians of the Minor Reformed Church. He was married to Katarzyna Morsztyn. After all Polish Brethren were given order either to become Roman Catholic or to go out of Poland forever, he changed his faith. Wacław Potocki died at Łużna in 1696. He was buried in Francuscan Church in Biecz.

Wacław Potocki wrote a lot. He is the author of "Ogród fraszek" ("The Garden of Verses") that consists of more than 2 000 short poems. Another book by Potocki, named "Moralia" is composed of more than 2 000 pieces, too. This was based on "Adagia" by Erasmus of Rotterdam. He wrote many poems, sometimes in ottava rima. His best known work is an epic poem "Wojna chocimska" ("The War of Chocim"). It was compared by Claude Backvis, a Belgian scholar, to John Milton's Paradise Lost. It narrates about the great battle against the Turks. The battle was fought in 1621, when the poet was born. The poem was written fifty years after. It is in heroic couplets. Lines of the poem consist of thirteen syllables with feminine rhymes.


New7Wonders of the World

New7Wonders of the World (2000–2007) was an idea to choose new Wonders of the World from a selection of 200 existing monuments. The popularity poll was led by Canadian-Swiss Bernard Weber and organized by the New7Wonders Foundation in Zürich, Switzerland. Winners were announced on 7 July 2007 in Lisbon.

The foundation took only private donations and the sale of broadcast advertising. It had no public funding or taxpayers' money. After the final announcement, New7Wonders said it did not make money and barely recovered its investment.

The seven wonders of the world can be seen on various Celebrity Cruises itineraries.

The program caused different reactions from countries and organisations. Some countries praised their finalist and tried to get more people to vote for it. Others criticized the contest or did not think it was very important. 

In the beginning, UNESCO helped the New7Wonders Foundation by giving advice on nominee selection. Then they decided they could not continue to help. Saying they have to give equal status to all world heritage sites, they dropped out of the program in 2001 and again in 2007.

In 2007 the Foundation became partners with the United Nations to help promote their shared goals. The UN posted on its website:
But in a press release on June 20, 2007, UNESCO said again that it has no link with the "private initiative".
In Brazil there was a campaign named "Vote no Cristo" (Vote for the Christ) which had the support of private companies. Among them were telecommunications workers that stopped charging voters to make telephone calls and SMS messages to vote. Also, important corporate sponsors spent millions of Brazilian reals in an effort to have the statue voted into the top seven. These included a banking company (Banco Bradesco) and a television network (Rede Globo). Newsweek magazine said the campaign was so widespread that:

An article in Newsweek said that an estimated 10 million Brazilians had voted in the contest by early July. An airplane message, with a huge flying sign "4916 VOTE FOR CHRIST" flew in Rio de Janeiro for a month.

Egyptians were not happy that the only surviving ancient wonder, the Great Pyramid of Giza, would have to compete with the Statue of Liberty, the Sydney Opera House, and other modern sites. "This is probably a conspiracy against Egypt, its civilization and monuments", a state-owned daily newspaper wrote.

The Minister of Culture of Egypt, Farouq Hosny said the project was "absurd". Nagib Aymin, an Egyptian expert on World Heritage Sites, said that "in addition to the commercial aspect, the vote has no scientific basis."

After the complaints from Egypt, the Pyramids of Giza were named an honarary candidate, and removed from the voting. They were listed as one of the 21 finalists and given honorary status among the winners.

The New7Wonders Foundation said that more than 100 million votes were cast through the Internet or by telephone. Voting by the Internet was limited to one vote for seven monuments per person. More voting was allowed by telephone. This led to criticism that the poll was not valid. At the time, New7Wonders Foundation had "the largest poll on record".

The Great Pyramid of Giza was granted honorary status. It is the largest and oldest of the three pyramids at the Giza Necropolis in Egypt. It is also the only structure still remaining of the original Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.

Esociformes

Esociformes are a small order of ray-finned fish (the Actinopterygii). There are two families, the Umbridae (mudminnows) and the Esocidae (pikes).

The Esocidae are named after the pike genus "Esox". One highly successful species is "Esox lucius" or northern pike. 

The Esociform fishes live in freshwater, in North America and northern Eurasia.
The order is very similar to the Salmonidae.

The family Esocidae has three extant genera ("Esox", "Novumbra", and "Dallia") that comprise a holarctic distribution.

Umbridae is another family. So far, the genus "Umbra" is the only extant genus. The other genera have gone extinct.

Matilda (name)

Matilda (or Mathilda) is a female first name. The name comes from Gothic language. It also comes from the Old High German words "maht" (meaning "might" and "strength") and "hild" (meaning "battle). The pronunciation of the name is [ m"uh"-til-d"uh" ]. 

The name has been popular in Scandinavian countries. "Mathilde" appeared in the Top 10 most popular names for girls in Denmark in 2008. "Mathilde" was also very popular in Norway, Sweden and Finland. The name has also risen in popularity in other European countries.

As "Matilda", the name was most popular in the United States between 1880 and 1910. During those years, it was in the Top 200 names for girls. It went out of the Top 1,000 names in the United States by 1964. However, it reappeared 44 years later in the Top 1,000 names. 



Bethany (given name)

Bethany [beth-uh-nee]is a female first name. It comes from the Biblical place Bethany, the town where Lazarus lived in the New Testament.The origin of the name Bethany can be traced back to the Hebrew term bethania, which translates to "house of figs" or "house of affliction."In English speaking countries, Bethany has been very popular. It was the 59th most popular name for England and Wales in 2010. In 1999, it had gone as high as number 11. In the United States, the name was the 87th most popular in the late 1980s. This name is ranked #646 on the "Popular Names in 2021". 

"Beth" is a short version of this name. "Beth" can also be a short version of the female name Elizabeth.



Santiago, Cape Verde

Santiago (Portuguese for “Saint James”), or Santiagu in Cape Verdean Creole, is the largest island of the Cape Verde archipelago. It is the most important agricultural centre and home to half the nation’s population. Praia, the capital of the country is in this island.

The Santiago island is part of the Macaronesia, a group of islands in the Atlantic Ocean with similar ecosystems.

The island was discovered in around 1460 by António de Noli (or António da Noli), a 15th-century nobleman and navigator from Genoa that worked for Henry the Navigator of Portugal. De Noli founded in 1462 the old capital of the islands, Ribeira Grande, now known as Cidade Velha.

 (last national census), there were 273,919 people living in the island, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the island is Praia, its capital, with a population, in 2010, of 131,602.

Santiago is in the southern "Sotavento" group of islands, at about to the west of the island of Maio and at about to the east of the island of Fogo.

The Santiago island has an area of ; it is long, north to south, and about wide, east to west.

The island is mountainous, although slightly flatter in the southeast. There are two volcanic mountain ranges:


There are two natural parks in the island to protect the plants and animals in the two mountain ranges:

Praia, in the southeast coast, has a Tropical and Subtropical Desert climate (Köppen climate classification : Bwh).

The average temperature for the year in Praia is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Praia is 8.3". The month with the most precipitation on average is August with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is March without any precipitation. There are an average of 49.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in September with 7.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in December with 2.0 days.

The Santiago island is divided in 9 municipalities ("conselhos") and 10 parishes ("freguesias").

Jackson, Nebraska

Jackson is a village in Dakota County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 207 at the 2020 census.

Before Jackson was formed, the town Old St. John's was started about 1.5 miles north of where Jackson is on June 2nd, 1856 by a Catholic colony of sixty Irish immigrants led by Father Trecy. The colony was one of the first towns started in Dakota County, and the first group of Catholic people to start a town together in Nebraska. When the rising Missouri River started to make it dangerous to live there around 1860, all of the residents of Old St. John's moved south to what is now called Jackson.

Jackson was originally called Franklin, and was started with that name around 1860. The people who lived in there later found out that there was already a place in Nebraska that was called Franklin. To make things less confusing, they renamed the town after Andrew Jackson so nobody would get confused. St. Patrick's Catholic Church, which is in Jackson, is where the Nebraska State Historical Society put historical marker 34. The historical St. Patrick's Catholic church was built on land that was given to the church by the McCormick family around the time Jackson was started.

Jackson can be found at (42.448789, -96.566207).

The United States Census Bureau says that the village takes up about , of land.

Hayride

A hayride, which can also be called a hayrack ride, is an American activity where people go on a ride in an open truck, or wagon pulled by a tractor. Inside of the ride there is hay or straw for the people to sit on. Hayrides in the past were a way to celebrate the Autumn harvest. Hayrides today are usually started to give farms or companies a way to make more money during the fall. Sometimes hayrides are run by companies that help farms set up hayrides for people.

Hayrides on Halloween are called 'haunted hayrides'. During the fall, a hayride might let people stop near some pumpkins and pick one. These hayrides can put on a show with special effects and actors dressing up as ghosts, monsters, and other spooky creatures. Haunted hayrides attract people who like to get scared, and make money for farms during the Halloween season.

Even though hayrides are supposed to be a way for people to have fun, they can also be dangerous. Some hayrides have flipped over or gone off-road, hurting or killing people. Other kinds of accidents happen when hayrides crash into cars or trucks on the road. 

Robert Graves

Robert von Ranke Graves (also known as Robert Ranke Graves and most commonly Robert Graves; 24 July 1895 – 7 December 1985) was an English poet, novelist, critic and classicist. He wrote more than 140 works. He wrote poems about Greek myths and historical novels. Many of his novels were set in ancient Rome or were about stories from Greek myths. He also wrote about Greek myths and translated them into English.

Graves was born in Wimbledon, now part of London. He was the third of five children. His father was Alfred Perceval Graves (1846–1931). He came from an Irish family. His mother was Amalie von Ranke (1857–1951). She came from a German family. Robert went to many schools when he was young. In 1909 he won a scholarship to Charterhouse, a famous boarding school in Surrey.When the First World War began in August 1914, Graves joined the army right away. He wrote many poems about the war. He became a good friend of another war poet, Siegfried Sassoon. Graves was very badly wounded in the Battle of the Somme. He nearly died and was sent back to a hospital in England. He also had mental problems called by shell shock from the bad experience of battle. His mental problems lasted for several years. 

In 1918 he married the artist Nancy Nicholson. He went to study at Oxford University in 1919. At Oxford his good friend was T. E. Lawrence. He later wrote a biography of Lawrence called "Lawrence and the Arabs". His marriage to Nancy Nicholson ended in the 1920s. He went to live with the poet Laura Riding in Spain They lived in Deià, a small village on the island of Majorca. Graves and Laura Riding lived in America during the Spanish Civil War. Their relationship broke down in 1938. Graves went back to England. He fell in love with Beryl Hodge (1915–2003). Graves wrote many beautiful love poems to Beryl. They moved to Spain in 1946 and lived in Deià with their children. They were married in 1950. Their house in Deià is now a museum. From 1961 to 1966 Graves was Professor of Poetry at Oxford. 

Robert Graves died at his house in Deià on 7 December 1985. He was 90 years old. He was buried in a churchyard on a hill near his house. Graves had eight children—four with his first wife Nancy and four with his second wife Beryl.

Some of his most important novels were:


Sushil Chhetri

Sushil Chhetri () is a Nepalese actor who has worked in the Nepalese film industry for more than a decade. He debuted in Kollywood with the film ‘’Aaago’’ which received much hype and sensation. Unfortunately as the story based on the Maoist crisis it was banned before release. He is known for his movies Aago (2000), Gaajal (2001) and Anjuli (2002). Chhetri acted in 100s of Nepali movies and 11 Bhojpuri movies. Recently after a sort of disappearance from Nepali Film Industry, he came back with his new movie ‘’Bich Bato(2015)’’, before entering Kollywood as an actor he started his career as background dancer.

Chhetri completed his primary education from Tika High School, Kathmandu. He further completed I Com from Tahachal Campus and studied B Com till second year from Patan Campus.

Chhetri has been honoured with many prestigious awards from national and international organizations. He was one of the nominees for the categories of leading Actor in Dabur Anmol Motion Picture Award (2004) for the nepali movie ‘’’Triveni’’’. He was also honoured with the title ‘’’Best Actor’’’ in Kolkata for his first movie ‘’’Aago’’’ in Kalakar Awards. He received the award from Bollywood actress Rani Mukherjee.

Chhetri appeared in an Indian television series "The Ring" broadcasted on Star Plus.



Anastasia of Sirmium

Anastasia of Sirmium or Saint Anastasia was a Christian saint and martyr from the 4th century. She died at Sirmium in the Roman province of Pannonia Secunda. Today that place is in the modern country of Serbia. Little is known about her life. Most stories about her began many years after her death. Some stories say she was a Roman. Others say she was born in Sirmium. Roman Catholic tradition states that her mother was St. Fausta of Sirmium. She is as a healer and an exorcist. Her relics lie in the Cathedral of St. Anastasia in Zadar, Croatia. She is one of seven women, along with the Blessed Virgin Mary, who were mentioned by name in the Mass.

Her feast day is December 22 in the Eastern Orthodox Church church. It is January 15 in the Roman Catholic Church.

Protacanthopterygii

Procanthopterygii is a superorder of teleost fishes. These fish mostly live in temperate waters, and in the northern hemisphere. They may live in both fresh and salt water.

Best-known examples of this group are the salmon, trout, and pikes. 

The main groups are:

Hapsa Hatarnai

Hapsa Hatarnai is a Bodo ceremony performed by an individual household in the company of his neighbours while entering a new house or a homestead. The principal domestic deities, such as, Bathou, Mainao together with other lesser divinities are worshipped with prayers and oblations. The ceremony is consummated with liberal drinking of country liquor called 'zou' or 'zu' followed by feast.

Roggliswil

Roggliswil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schötz

Schötz is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ohmstal merged into the municipality of Schötz.

Heaven Help Us All

"Heaven Help Us All" is a 1970 song by Stevie Wonder and taken from his 12th studio album "Signed, Sealed & Delivered". It went to number 9 in the United States, number 14 in Canada and number 29 in the United Kingdom.

Babiker Awadalla

Babiker Awadalla (2 March 1917 – 17 January 2019) was a Sudanese Arab nationalist politician. He was born in Gitena, White Nile State.

He held the position of Speaker of the Parliament from 1954 to 1957, and became Chief Judge in 1964. In 1966, he resigned from the court in protest of the government's refusal to reinstate the Sudanese Communist Party, which the court had held to be unconstitutionally banned from parliament. After 1972, he moved to Egypt, and later Dublin, Ireland, where he lived until his death. He turned 100 in March 2017.

Awadalla was the oldest living former head of state or government, a title he has held from the death of Đỗ Mười on 1 October 2018. Awadalla died on 17 January 2019 in Dublin, aged 101.

Tom Hayden

Thomas Emmet "Tom" Hayden (December 11, 1939 – October 23, 2016) was an American social and political activist, author and politician. He was director of the Peace and Justice Resource Center in Los Angeles County, California. He was a member of the Chicago Seven.

Hayden was best known for his major role as an anti-war, civil rights and radical intellectual counterculture activist. Hayden was the former husband of actress Jane Fonda and the father of actor Troy Garity.

Hayden died in Santa Monica, California from heart disease and from complications of a stroke on October 23, 2016, aged 76.

Chung Won-shik

Chung Won-shik (5 August 1928 – 12 April 2020) was a South Korean politician, educator, soldier, and author. He was the 23rd Prime Minister of South Korea from 1991 through 1992. From 1951 to 1955, he served as an officer in the South Korean Army. Following that, he worked as a professor of Seoul National University. He served as South Korea's Education Minister from 1988 through 1990.

President Roh Tae-woo named him Acting Prime Minister on 24 May 1991. On 8 July 1991, he was appointed Prime Minister of South Korea. He ran for mayor of Seoul in 1995, but lost.

Chung died on 12 April 2020 in Seoul of kidney disease at the age of 91.

Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award

The Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award is an award given "in recognition of distinguished members of the newspaper profession whose words have brought honour to journalism and to hockey". Recipients are selected by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.


Foster Hewitt Memorial Award

The Foster Hewitt Memorial Award is an award named after Foster Hewitt and presented by the Hockey Hall of Fame to members of the radio and television industry who make outstanding contributions to their profession and the game of ice hockey during their broadcasting career. The award winners are selected by the NHL Broadcasters' Association.

This award should not be confused with the ACTRA Foster Hewitt Award, which was presented by ACTRA, the Canadian association of actors and broadcasters, for excellence in general sports broadcasting. That award was discontinued in 1986.


Bob McKenzie

Robert Malcomson "Bob" McKenzie (born August 16, 1956) is a Canadian hockey commentator who has covered ice hockey since joining TSN in 1986.

Growing up, McKenzie was a fan of the hometown Toronto Maple Leafs, and his favourite doughnut shop was Tim Hortons.

McKenzie provides analysis for "NHL on TSN" telecasts, as well as for international hockey events, notably the annual IIHF World U-20 Hockey Championship. He also covered the NHL Entry Draft. Prior to joining TSN, McKenzie was editor-in-chief of "The Hockey News" for nine years and a hockey columnist for "The Toronto Star" for six years.

McKenzie is heard weekly on the TSN 1040 in Vancouver on the "Canucks Lunch with Rick Ball", as well on TSN Radio 690 (CKGM) in Montreal, on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday on the Morning Show at 8:05 a.m. He is also a frequent contributor to the Ottawa Senators pre-game show on TSN 1200 radio in Ottawa.

On May 7, 2015, McKenzie surpassed 1,000,000 followers on Twitter. He goes by the Twitter handle @TSNBobMcKenzie and his account has been verified by Twitter.

In October 2014, McKenzie began appearing as a full-time contributor on NBCSN.

He currently resides in Whitby, Ontario.


Elmer Ferguson

Elmer Ferguson (February 25, 1885 – April 26, 1972) was a Canadian sports journalist. Born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Ferguson moved to Montreal in 1910 and became the sports editor of the Montreal Herald in 1913. Ferguson was one of the most respected and promiant columnists of his time. He became a Hockey Hall of Fame media honouree in 1982 and was the namesake of the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award.

At the age of six, Ferguson started selling newspapers on the streets of Moncton, New Brunswick and became a copy boy with the Moncton Transcript when he was 17. He soon became a sports writer with the paper and became the news editor in 1910. With Ferguson as editor, the Moncton Transcript became the first Maritime newspaper to print a full sports page every day.

Soon after, Ferguson left for Montreal where he got a job as an editor at the Montreal Herald. He became sports editor of the paper in 1913 and soon became a well known sports journalist with his column "The Gist and the Jest of It". He was sports editor for the paper for 39 years and continued to write columns until the Herald folded in 1957. He continued to write columns for The Montreal Star until a few months before his death in 1972.

In addition to his work in the print media, he was also a colour commentator on radio broadcasts for the Montreal Maroons (1933–1938) and the Montreal Canadiens (1938–1967), where he was partnered with Hall of Fame broadcasters Doug Smith and Danny Gallivan.

Ferguson was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame as a builder in 1968. In 1984, Ferguson was recognized as one of the first Hockey Hall of Fame media honourees. The award that is given out was named the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award in his honour.

Bad (Bodo culture)

In the culture of the Bodo people, a bad (बाद) is a social crime or offense. There are five different types of bad:






List of Garja gods

In Bodo language 'garja' means 'god' or 'deity'. The garja are propitiated at a place which is away from home.


Gil Vicente

Gil Vicente (1470-1540) was a Portuguese poet and playwright.

Gil Vicente was born in 1470 in the town of Guimarães. He came to Lisbon as a boy. He studied law but did not take any scholarly degree. In 1493 he was prince Manoel's teacher of rhetorics. Some of his poems were included into Cancioneiro Geral by Garcia de Resende. He wrote plays. He was an actor, too. He was married to Branca Bezerra and had four children. His daughter Paula was known a learned woman at the court.

Gil Vicente wrote poetry and plays. He wrote both in Portuguese and in Spanish. He is called the father of Portuguese drama. His works were translated into English by Aubrey F. G. Bell. Among his poems there are vilancetes, pastoral poems. A famous example is "Adorae montanhas". 

Ardèche (river)

The Ardèche () is a long river in south-central France, a right-bank tributary of the River Rhône. The river gives its name to the French department of Ardèche.

The Ardèche river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 64.8 cubic metres per second at Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche in the Gard department.

The Ardèche river starts in the Massif Central, within the "Parc naturel régional des Monts d'Ardèche" ("Regional nature park Mountains of Ardèche"), in the "commune" of Astet (Ardèche department), at an elevation of about .

It then flows roughly to the southwest and, after the towns of Aubenas and Ruoms, it gets into its famous gorge (or canyon) below Vallon-Pont-d’Arc.

The valley of the Ardèche is very scenic, in particular a section known as the Ardèche Gorges (or the Canyon of Ardèche). The walls of the river here are limestone cliffs up to high. A kayak and camping trip down the gorge is not technically difficult and is very popular in the summer. The most famous feature is a natural stone arch across the river known as the Pont d'Arc.

Finally, the river flows into the Rhône river, on the right side, near the "commune" Pont-Saint-Esprit, Gard department.

The Ardèche passes through the following regions, departments and communes:

Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes

Occitanie

The main tributaries of the Ardeche river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Stéphane Dion

Stéphane Maurice Dion (born 28 September 1955) is a Canadian diplomat and former politician. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Cabinet headed by Justin Trudeau from 2015 to 2017.

He was a Member of Parliament of Canada for the riding of Saint-Laurent—Cartierville in Montreal since 1996. He was the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons of Canada from 2006 to 2008.

Since 2017 he has been ambassador to the European Union and Germany.

Federica Mogherini

Federica Mogherini (; born 16 June 1973) is an Italian politician. She is the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission in the Juncker Commission since 1 November 2014.


Fumio Kishida

Kishida was born in Shibuya, Tokyo on 29 July 1957. He spent his early years in New York City.

Kishida studied law at Waseda University and graduated in 1982. 

He is a member of the House of Representatives for the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) since 1993. He served in Yasuo Fukuda's cabinet as minister of state for Okinawa and northern territories affairs, science and technology policy, quality-of-life policy, and regulatory Reform. He became the longest-serving foreign minister in postwar history, unseating Abe's father Shintaro Abe. In 2017, for a short time he was the Minister of Defense.

Kishida thought about running in the 2018 LDP presidential election; but Prime Minister Shinzo Abe talked him into not to run and promised to support him as his replacement in the future. He ran in the 2020 LDP presidential election; however lost to Yoshihide Suga who was very popular among LDP politicians.

In August 2020, he announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership election to replace Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. He lost the election on 14 September to Yoshihide Suga, coming in second place. In August 2021, he announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership again in the 2021 election. He won the leadership election on 29 September 2021.

Kishida officially became the 100th Prime Minister on 4 October 2021 after being elected by the National Diet. He set the date of the 2021 election for 31 October shortly before taking office. During the general election, the Liberal Democratic party lost fifteen seats in the House of Representatives; however still won the majority of seats.

Kishida is married to Yuko Kishida and has two children. 


Paolo Gentiloni

Paolo Gentiloni Silveri (; born 22 November 1954 in Rome) is an Italian politician. He became the Prime Minister of Italy in December 2016 after the resignation of Matteo Renzi. He served until 1 June 2018.

He is a member of the Democratic Party. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 31 October 2014 through 12 December 2016. He was also Minister of Communications during the government of Romano Prodi.

Lenín Moreno

Lenín Boltaire Moreno Garcés (born 19 March 1953) is an Ecuadorian politician. Moreno was the 46th President of Ecuador from 2017 until 2021. He was the Vice President of Ecuador from 2007 to 2013, serving under President Rafael Correa. His election as Vice President was well known because as a paraplegic, Moreno was one of the world’s few disabled national leaders. 

On 2 April 2017, Moreno was elected President of Ecuador defeating banker Guillermo Lasso in the 2017 Ecuadorian presidential round-off with 51% of the vote to Lasso's 49%.

On 24 May 2017, Moreno became the world’s only current head of state in a wheelchair.

Moreno was born in Nuevo Rocafuerte, Orellana Province. He studied at Central University of Ecuador. He married Rocio Gonzalez and together they have three children.

On January 3, 1998, two young men approached Moreno in a grocery store parking lot in Quito and told him they wanted his car and his money. He freely gave them his wallet and keys, but one of the men shot him in the back anyway. This incident left Moreno paralyzed. 

During his first year in the office of Vice President of Ecuador, Moreno investigated the state of disabled people in Ecuador. He also founded the Manuela Espejo Solidarity Mission for the Disabled, which offers rehab, technical help, and psychological support to thousands of disabled Ecuadorians.

Moreno left the Vice Presidency on May 24, 2013 and was succeeded by Jorge Glas. He is the first Ecuadorian vice president to complete his term since 1992.

For his work providing respect and dignity to handicapped people, he was nominated for the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize. Moreno was appointed as Special Envoy on Disability and Accessibility by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in December 2013.

In October 1st, 2016, he was nominated to the elections to the Ecuadorian presidency by his party, Alianza País. In February 2017, Moreno and Guillermo Lasso made it to the run-off election which was held on April 2, 2017. Moreno won the election with 51% of the vote to Lasso's 49%. Moreno was then sworn-in as President of Ecuador on 24 May 2017 in Quito.

Though Moreno is a member of the PAIS Alliance, the same party as Rafael Correa, Moreno has taken Ecuador in a different direction than Correa did. Moreno is a more moderate, centrist figure and has restored presidential term limits, improved Ecuador's ties with the United States, and he has distanced himself from Nicolas Maduro's government in Venezuela.

He did not run for re-election in the 2021 election and was replaced by conservative banker Guillermo Lasso who won the election.


Rafto Prize

The Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize is a prize founded in the memory of the Norwegian human rights activist, Thorolf Rafto (1922-1986). The prize is now $20,000. It began in 1987 and is awarded each year. The prize ceremony takes place on the first Sunday of November in Bergen, Norway at the National Theatre of Bergen.

The first person to receive the prize was Jiří Hájek (1913–1993), a Czech politician and diplomat. He was one of the founders of Charter 77, an organization that worked for human rights in Czechoslovakia. Some other winners of the Rafto Prize are:

Hagramayao Jinahari

Hagramayao Jinahari, also known as "Rape in The Virgin Forest", is a 1995 Indian crime movie directed by Jwngdao Bodosa. It received many awards. The movie is in the Bodo language. The Bodo language is spoken by the Bodo people of India. It is one of the official languages of the Indian state of Assam. The movie starred Tikendrajit Narzary as Budang and Onjali Basumatary as Budang's daughter Mithinga.

Battle of Kororāreka

The Battle of Kororāreka was a battle in New Zealand between Maori warriors and the British Army. It took place on 11 March 1845 in the small town of Kororāreka. Today that town is called Russell. The town is on the North Island of New Zealand. The Māori were unhappy with the problems in the town. They cut down the flag pole flying the British flag. Each time the Maori cut down the flag pole, the British Army made a new one. This happened three times. When the British Army put the flag pole back a fourth time, the Māori attacked the town. Hōne Heke and Te Ruki Kawiti were the leaders of the Māori. William Hulme was the leader of the British soldiers. The Maori had many more fighters than the British. There were 600 Māori warriors and only 140 British soldiers. The Māori won the battle. The town was destroyed in the fighting. The British Army left the town. The British citizens living there also left. British and American ships waiting in the harbour took them to Auckland.

Alayaron (movie)

Alayaron (English: "The Dawn") is one of the first Bodo feature movies. It was released in 13 March 1986 at Ganga Talkies, Kokrajhar. It was directed by Jwngdao Bodosa, based upon the short story Mwdwi arw Gwlwmdwi (Tears and Sweat) by Nilkamal Brahma. The movie stars Amar Narzary and Rohila Brahma. It was also the winner of the National Film Award in 1986.

Mwdwi arw Gwlwmdwi



Circinus galaxy

The Circinus galaxy (ESO 97-G13) is a Seyfert galaxy, very bright and emitting huge amounts of electromagnetic radiation.

Circinus is in a constellation of the same name, Circinus (constellation). It is one of the closest and nearest galaxies to the Milky Way. It is probably slightly further away than Centaurus A.

The galaxy just 4 degrees below the galactic plane and 13 million light years from our galaxy. Its outer ring is 700 light years from the galaxy's centre, and the inner ring just 130 light years from the centre. You can see the galaxy with a small telescope.

The galaxy was not noticed until 1977 because it lies close to the plane of the Milky Way and is obscured by galactic dust.


Seyfert galaxy

Seyfert galaxies are a type of galaxy. They are named after Carl Seyfert who first described them in 1943.

These galaxies are one of the two main types of active galaxies. The other large group are quasars. Seyfert galaxies have quasar-like nuclei: they are very distant luminous sources of electromagnetic radiation. Their very high surface brightness has spectra with strong, high-ionisation emission lines. However, unlike quasars, their host galaxies are clearly visible.

Seyfert galaxies are about 10% of all galaxies, and are some of the most intensely studied objects in astronomy. They are thought to be powered by the same phenomena as quasars, although they are closer and less luminous than quasars. These galaxies have supermassive black holes at their centers which are surrounded by accretion discs of in-falling material. The accretion discs are believed to be the source of the observed ultraviolet radiation. Ultraviolet emission lines and absorption lines are the best way to analyse the surrounding material.

Seen in visible light, most Seyfert galaxies look like normal spiral galaxies. However, when studied under other wavelengths, it becomes clear that the luminosity of their cores is as big as the luminosity of whole galaxies the size of the Milky Way.

Here are some notable examples of Seyfert galaxies:

Relativistic jet

Relativistic jets are very powerful jets of plasma with speeds close to the speed of light. They are emitted by the central black holes of some active galaxies (notably radio galaxies and quasars), and by the black holes of massive stars and neutron stars. Their lengths can reach several thousand or even hundreds of thousands of light years.

If the jet speed is close to the speed of light, the effects of the special theory of relativity are significant. The mechanics behind how jets are created, and what they are made of, are still a matter of debate. Jet composition might vary.

Massive galactic central black holes have the most powerful jets. Similar jets on a much smaller scale develop from neutron stars and black holes in other stars. Even weaker and less relativistic jets may be associated with many binary star systems.

The general hypothesis among astrophysicists is that the formation of relativistic jets is the key to explaining the production of gamma-ray bursts. These jets have Lorentz factors of ~100 or greater (that is, speeds over roughly 0.99995c), making them some of the fastest celestial objects known at present.

I Zw 36

I Zwicky 36 (often shortened to I Zw 36) is a blue compact dwarf galaxy, meaning that it is small for a galaxy, that its stars are close together and that it gives off blue light. The stars in I Zwicky 36 are young for stars, no older than three million years.

Astronomers studied I Zw 36 (≈Z⊙/14) using the Hubble Space Telescope. Before that, they took pictures using ultraviolet light using the pre-COST Faint Object Camera (FOC) and Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer (NICMOS). FOC seemed to show that I Zw 36 had large, hot stars but NICMOS said it had cold stars that were small or medium sized. Some evidence shows the stars were active and then the galaxy became compact and blue. The evidence of luminous and asymptotic branches of stars suggests they formed several million years ago. The giant red branches of the galaxy may have at least 1-2 billion years.



Cadmium nitrate

Cadmium nitrate is an inorganic compound. The general formula of the compound is Cd(NO).
Cadmium nitrate is used for colouring glass and porcelain. It is also used as flash powder in photography.
Cadmium nitrate is prepared by dissolving cadmium or its oxide or its hydroxide, or its carbonate, in nitric acid followed by crystallization method:

Palladium(II) nitrate

Palladium(II) nitrate is the inorganic compound with the formula Pd(NO3). It is a red-brown solid with a tendency to absorb water.

Palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid, followed by crystallization. The nitrate crystallizes as yellow-brown deliquescent prisms. The compound also may be got by treating palladium metal with nitric acid.

Yuriko Koike

Yuriko Koike (born 15 July 1952) is a Japanese politician and the current governor of Tokyo.

She was born and raised in Ashiya, Hyōgo Prefecture. She dropped out of University in Japan, who moved to the Middle East and studied Arabic. She graduated from Cairo University in Egypt, and she began to work an interpreter and translator of Arabic. She worked as a journalist in the 1980s and entered politics in the 1990s.

Americium dioxide

Americium dioxide is a black compound made with Americium. As a solid, AmO has the same structure as fluorite (CaF).

Americium-Aluminium alloys are made when americium dioxide is melted and mixed with aluminium and a fluxing agent. These alloys can be used to make atoms of some elements. These elements have a higher atomic number than Uranium.

Phoenix Dwarf

The Phoenix Dwarf is a galaxy discovered as a mistaken globular cluster. It's correctly 1.14 Mly away the Earth

It has got some young stars inside it in east-west direction and the oldest are in north south direction. It seems that it's one of the Milky Way's satellite galaxies.



Iggy Arbuckle

Iggy Arbuckle is an American/Canadian animated show created by Guy Vasilovich and produced by Blueprint Entertainment, National Geographic Kids' Entertainment, C.O.R.E. Toons and Cartoon Network and serviced by Cartoon Network. The show was debuted in July 21, 2007.

CJ the DJ

CJ the DJ is a Canadian-Australian animated series that ran on YTV in Canada and ABC3 in Australia from December 4, 2009 to 2010. Its program creator was Mark Gravas.

On 1 July 2010, the Australian Broadcasting Company released the first DVD of "CJ The DJ", featuring the first eight episodes.

CJ the DJ Series 1 Volumes 1 (Episodes 1 - 26) and 2 (Episodes 27 - 52) are available for download at the NBC Online Store.

CJ the DJ was released on NBC iView for public viewing, though each episode was only available for viewing over a limited amount of time.

Brazil: Gloob

Israel: Arutz HaYeladim (סי ג'יי הדי ג'יי)

Denmark: TV2

Finland: MTV Juniori

Portugal: RTP2

Parabolic trough

A parabolic trough is similar to a solar panel tower, because it has parabolic mirrors that collect large amounts of heat which is reflected on water-filled pipes .
The water is heated until it turns into steam, rotating a turbine using a large steam piston.

The rotating turbine produces electricity, which is then transferred by transformer, before being converted DC to AC and transferred by current lines.


I Zwicky 18

The I Zwicky 18 is an irregular dwarf galaxy. It is 45 million years light from Earth in the constellation of the Ursa Major. It was identified by first time in the 1930s by the astronomer Fritz Zwicky.

I Zwicky 18, only 500 million years of age, is a recently born galaxy compared with most. It is still making population III stars, almost entirely made of hydrogen and helium. The Milky Way is about 12,000 million years old.



Ufhusen

Ufhusen is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Wauwil

Wauwil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Wikon

Wikon is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Willisau

Willisau is a town of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Willisau Land (W. Country) and Willisau Stadt (W. Town) merged into the new town of Willisau. On 1 January 2021, Gettnau became a part of Willisau.


Zell, Lucerne

Zell is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Wilihof

Wilihof is a village and former municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005 the former municipalities of Wilihof and Kulmerau merged into the municipality of Triengen.

Schinznach

Schinznach is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Oberflachs and Schinznach-Dorf merged into the new municipality of Schinznach.


Border states (American Civil War)

The Border states were those states that during the American Civil War did not leave the Union. The border states were Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri. After West Virginia separated from Virginia, it was also considered a border state. Most border states had strong ties to the South culturally, but they had economic ties to the North. While remaining loyal to the Union, the Border States were themselves slave-holding states.

In the Border States the war caused divided loyalties. They were the scene of often brutal guerilla warfare where neighbor fought against neighbor. The bitter feelings in the Border States lasted long after the Civil war.

In the border states, slavery was already dying out in urban areas and the regions without cotton. Several cities were rapidly industrializing, including Baltimore, Louisville, and St. Louis. By 1860, most of the African Americans in Delaware were free. By the start of the Civil War, slave ownership in the south had become concentrated into fewer and fewer hands. In 1830, 36% of Southern families owned slaves. By 1860, the number had fallen to 25%. In the Upper South it had fallen even more. In 1830, slaves made up 18% of the population. In 1860, they made up only 10%. During the same period in Kentucky, it fell from 24% to 19%. In Maryland, it went from 23% to 13%. Some slaveholders made a profit by selling surplus slaves to traders to be resold in the slave markets in the Deep South. They needed field hands for the cotton plantations.

In the South, slavery had become less and less useful to farmers as tobacco prices began to fall after the American Revolutionary War. But in 1793, Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin. This made Southern grown cotton highly profitable. Cotton also required large numbers of slaves. Most Southerners, however, did not own slaves. But by 1860 cotton and slavery was the strong link in the Southern economy. Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri, which had many areas with much stronger cultural and economic ties to the South than the North, were deeply divided.

Each of these five states shared a border with Union states. All but Delaware also share borders with states that joined the Confederate States of America (CSA).

In October 1859 John Brown's raid on the Harpers Ferry Armory in what is now Harpers Ferry, West Virginia (at the time part of the state of Virginia) sent shock waves through the South. Although Brown was quickly captured and executed, the incident had a profound effect on the 1860 presidential election. When Abraham Lincoln won over three Democratic Party candidates, it triggered Southern secession. At the outbreak of the Civil War, the 40 western counties of Virginia were strongly against secession and they seceded from Virginia. The counties that later became West Virginia had relatively few slaves.

By 1860 Delaware was tied to the Northern economy and slavery was rare except in the southern parts of the state. Overall, 91.7% of the black population of Delaware was free by this time. Both houses of the state General Assembly rejected secession. Delaware's lower house was unanimous in rejecting the idea. The state senate voted against secession five to three. Many of the state's politicians including the governor, their two U.S. Senators and their sole representative in Congress, were sympathetic towards the South. But the state legislature better represented the feelings of the people of the state in remaining with the Union. However, they also disapproved of forceful abolitionism. Generally, most people in the state wanted a compromise that would prevent a war between the North and South. 

Maryland found itself trapped by the war. The state was split. They were clearly tied economically to the North but culturally to the South. By 1860, 49.1% of Maryland's black population was free. But Maryland's Southern and Eastern counties had a history of over 200 years of using slaves in growing tobacco and other crops. This put them in a difficult position. Their politicians had worked hard to prevent government from interfering with slavery in their counties. In the 1860 presidential election, Lincoln did not receive a single vote from these counties. This was in spite of the fact that Lincoln promised not to interfere with slavery in the states where it already existed. But the Maryland legislature never considered a resolution to secede from the Union. The governor suggested calling a convention to consider secession, but the legislature ignored his request. 

On April 19, 1861, Union troops moving through Baltimore were attacked by angry mobs of Southern sympathizers. It left 14 people dead and lasted for three days. Many rushed to the outskirts of Baltimore to set up roadblocks to try to prevent Union troops from passing through the city. The riots and protests might have led to secession had they been organized. But Union troops moving to Washington, D.C. were quickly changed to being transported by water to avoid the tense situation in Baltimore. Throughout the winter and spring of 1861, Maryland decided against neutrality and against joining the Confederacy. But in May of 1861, acting without orders, General Benjamin Franklin Butler marched into Baltimore. He occupied Federal Hill and set up cannons threatening anyone who would move against them. Lincoln was furious and promptly relieved Butler of his command. Still, the Massachusetts troops were left on Federal Hill. To prevent further trouble Lincoln suspended "habeas corpus" and imprisoned without charges or trials one sitting U.S. congressman as well the mayor, police chief, entire Board of Police, and the city council of Baltimore. 

Chief Justice Roger Taney, acting only as a circuit judge, ruled on June 4, 1861, in "Ex parte Merryman" that Lincoln's suspension of habeas corpus was unconstitutional, but the president ignored the ruling in order to meet a national emergency. On September 17, 1861, the day the legislature reconvened, federal troops arrested without charge 27 state legislators (one-third of the Maryland General Assembly). They were held temporarily at Fort McHenry, and later released when Maryland was secured for the Union. Because a large part of the legislature was now imprisoned, the session was canceled and representatives did not consider any additional anti-war measures. The song "Maryland, My Maryland" was written to attack Lincoln's action in blocking pro-Confederate elements. Maryland contributed troops to both the Union (60,000) and the Confederate (25,000) armies. During the war, Maryland adopted a new state constitution in 1864 that prohibited slavery. It also freed all remaining slaves in the state.

Kentucky was strategic to Union victory in the Civil War. Lincoln once said, 
"I think to lose Kentucky is nearly the same as to lose the whole game. Kentucky gone, we cannot hold Missouri, nor Maryland. These all against us, and the job on our hands is too large for us. We would as well consent to separation at once, including the surrender of this capitol [Washington, which was surrounded by slave states: Confederate Virginia and Union-controlled Maryland."

Lincoln reportedly also declared, "I hope to have God on my side, but I must have Kentucky." In the spring of 1861, Kentucky Governor Beriah Magoffin along with the state legislature declared the state would remain neutral. They would not provide troops to either the Union or the Confederacy. At the same time the declaration offered to mediate a peace between the two sides. 

Neutrality was broken when Confederate General Leonidas Polk occupied Columbus, Kentucky, in the summer of 1861. This caused Kentucky to call for Northern aid to repel the Confederate invaders. Union General Ulysses S. Grant, who was waiting across the Ohio River in Illinois, moved to occupy Paducah and Southland, Kentucky. Polk's blunder cost the Confederacy any chance of getting Kentucky to join them. The occupied areas gave the Union a tremendous advantage in both Kentucky and Tennessee. During the war, about 35,000 men from Kentucky joined the Confederacy. Those who joined the Union army totaled about 74,000, including about 24,000 African Americans.
Missouri had been involved in fighting on the Kansas-Missouri border since 1854 over the issue of slavery. The dispute was aptly named Bleeding Kansas. When the Civil War began on April 12, 1861, the entire state of Missouri was firmly divided between pro-Confederate and pro-Union forces. The governor of Missouri, Claiborne Jackson refused to send volunteers from the state to fight for Abraham Lincoln when he called for troops. Instead, the governor had the state militia muster outside the city to begin training in preparation to join the Confederate forces. He called upon the legislature to authorize a state constitutional convention on secession. A special election approved of the convention, and sent delegates to it. This Missouri Constitutional Convention voted to remain within the Union. 

Jackson, who was pro-Confederate, was disappointed with the outcome. He called up the state militia to their districts for annual training. Jackson had designs on the St. Louis Arsenal, and had been in secret correspondence with Confederate President Jefferson Davis to obtain artillery for the militia in St. Louis. Aware of these developments, Union Captain Nathaniel Lyon struck first, encircling the camp, and forcing the state militia to surrender. While his troops were marching the prisoners to the arsenal, a deadly riot erupted (the Camp Jackson Affair). This caused greater Confederate support in the state. The already pro-Southern legislature passed the governor's military bill creating the Missouri State Guard. Governor Jackson appointed Sterling Price, who had been president of the convention, as major general of this reformed militia. Price, and Union district commander Harney, came to an agreement known as the Price–Harney Truce, which calmed tensions in the state for several weeks. After Harney was removed, and Lyon placed in charge, a meeting was held in St. Louis at the Planters' House among Lyon, his political ally Francis P. Blair, Jr., Price, and Jackson. The negotiations went nowhere. After a few fruitless hours, Lyon declared, "this means war!" Price and Jackson rapidly departed for the capital. 

Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri, the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, Lyon's small Union army occupied Jefferson City. Lyon installed a pro-Union government after Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri. Lyon moved his army to go after the rebels. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. He then lead his troops into a series of skirmishes with the Missouri State Guard and the Confederate Army.

Lyon next moved to Springfield, Missouri where the army camped. On August 10, Lyon's Army of the West was defeated by a combined force of the Missouri Militia and Confederate troops under the command of Benjamin McCulloch near Springfield, Missouri. This was called the Battle of Wilson's Creek. Lyon was killed while trying to rally his outnumbered soldiers. However, Lyon’s efforts prevented the State of Missouri from joining the Confederacy. Missouri abolished slavery during the war in January 1865.


The ZhuZhus

The ZhuZhus (originally titled Polly and the Zhu Zhu Pets) is a Canadian/American animated television series produced by Nelvana, and the YTV. The series aired in the United States on Disney Channel on September 12, 2016.

"The ZhuZhus" is about a young girl named Frankie Pamplemousse, her mom and dad, and her four talking hamsters: Pipsqueak, Mr. Squiggles, Num Nums, and Chunk. The group of five go on adventures in their town, Anytown.


A webseries called "Zhu's News" was released to YTV's YouTube channel starting July 17, 2017. Each episode stars Whendy Sails of Channel 5 recapping moments in the series.


William Dampier

William Dampier (baptised 5 September 1651; died March 1715) was the first Englishman to explore parts of Australia. He was the first person to circumnavigate the world three times. On one voyage he rescued Alexander Selkirk, a sailor who may have inspired Daniel Defoe's "Robinson Crusoe".

Alto Paraná Department

The Alto Paraná department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Ciudad del Este.

Its code is PY-10.

The Alto Paraná department is in the central eastern part of the country, in the east of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a population of 785,747 for a Population density of .


The main river in the department is the Paraná river. The Acaray is an important tributary of the Paraná.

Ciudad del Este, the capital of the department, has a humid subtropical climate that is mild with no dry season, constantly moist (year-round rainfall). (Köppen climate classification : Cfa).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The month with the least rainfall on average is July with an average of and the second is August with .

Ciudad del Este is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 22 districts:



Blown Away

Blown Away is the fourth studio album by Carrie Underwood. The album was released on May 1, 2012 through Arista Nashville.

Tropical Storm Gamma (2005)

Tropical Storm Gamma was the twenty-fourth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Gamma formed in the eastern Caribbean Sea but quickly died a few days later from wind shear. On November 18, it restrengthened and became a tropical storm for a few more days before dying off the coast of Honduras on November 20. Although Gamma never made any landfall, it caused minor damages in the Lesser Antilles and medium damages in Honduras.

The National Hurricane Center began monitoring a tropical wave that would later become Gamma around November 11, but the system did not develop into a tropical depression until after it had passed the Lesser Antilles on November 13. At that time, the storm was called Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven and was predicted to strengthen into a strong tropical storm or a weak hurricane as it moved across the Caribbean Sea. However, a second system developing in the southwestern edge of the Caribbean began pushing wind shear onto the depression on November 14, then weakening the depression into a tropical low; advisories were then temporarily stopped. On later reanalysis, it was found that the depression had probably become a tropical storm by November 15 at 0600 UTC for less than 6 hours, but was not named during the time.
As the remnants of Twenty-Seven moved west, the system in the southwestern Caribbean moved onto land in Nicaragua and quickly weakened, reducing wind shear on the remnant low. Near Honduras, the two systems combined and rapidly gained the characteristics of a tropical cyclone on November 18, when it was upgraded directly to a tropical storm and given the name "Gamma". It is clearly unknown whether the remnant low of Gamma absorbed the low pressure system or happened the other way, but forecasters at the National Hurricane Center though that it was more likely that Gamma absorbed the other system. (If it were determined to be the other way around, the previously mentioned Tropical Storm Twenty-Seven would have been a separate and unnamed tropical storm.)

Gamma strengthened a little bit more to reach its maximum strength of 50 mph (85 km/h) winds during that day, but a trough moving into the Gulf of Mexico stopped any more strengthening. Gamma stayed just north of the coast of Honduras for about a day, then weakened to a tropical depression as it was beginning to be absorbed into the front as it entered the Caribbean. On November 20, wind shear had destroyed Gamma and advisories were stopped, although the low level circulation of Gamma survived for an extra 36–48 hours. Later, the last remnants of Gamma were absorbed into the approaching front. Gamma never made landfall as a tropical storm.

Because the storm was not predicted to make landfall (and it did not), few preparations were taken in Honduras for the storm. But non-stop rainfall for more than a day as Gamma wandered offshore created floods that forced more than 23,000 people to leave their homes.

As of January 24, 2006, a total of forty-one people were reported dead (while thirty-seven killed directly) as a result of Tropical Storm Gamma, mostly in Honduras, with 13 missing in Honduras.

Thirty-four people died in Honduras with at least thirteen other people missing. All deaths were because of flooding and mudslides rather than wind damage since tropical storm-force winds did not affect the mainland.

According to the COCEP (the Honduran civil emergency committee) dozens of bridges were washed away and about 2,000 homes were destroyed. According to the NHC, 10 bridges were destroyed from flooding, and 7 were damaged. And 5,200 acres worth of banana crops were also destroyed, causing $13-18 million (2005 USD) in damage. In addition, an unofficial report of 4.44 inches of rain was reported on Roatan Island.

Five fishermen who were at sea during Tropical Storm Gamma have been reported missing and, as of November 25, were thought to be dead after five unidentified bodies were found on the Honduran coast. Three people were killed in a plane crash from Gamma's outer rain bands; it was thought that the weather was a part of the reason. Other effects to Belize were minimal.

Two people were killed by a mudslide in St. Vincent and the Grenadines from Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven (which would eventually become Tropical Storm Gamma) when the system came close to the island. Seven homes were also destroyed by flood waters in the area and others were damaged.

Other effects across the rest of the Lesser Antilles were minimal and were no worse than that of a normal rain event. Also, two fishermen who were reported dead in Jamaica were thought to have been killed by Gamma.

After Gamma slowly moved away from land, Honduran government officials carried out helicopter rescues for people and families trapped by flood waters, as UN agencies began airlifting food and water to the impacted areas.

The government of Andalucía, in Spain, donated 40 million lempiras to aid in disaster efforts, and the United States sent helicopters to help in the delivery of food to the people affected by the storm.

Because damage was minimal, Gamma was not retired and will be used again whenever the regular list of names is all used up in the future.

After all of the twenty one assigned hurricane names for the 2005 season were used up after Hurricane Wilma, the Greek alphabet was used, starting with Tropical Storm Alpha. This storm was named "Gamma" once it was known to have reached tropical storm strength (after it restrengthened). This was the first time that the name Gamma had been used for a tropical cyclone.

Because Gamma was the only twenty-fourth tropical storm to form in any single Atlantic hurricane season, Gamma also holds the record for being the earliest twenty-fourth tropical storm, reaching tropical storm strength on November 18. Gamma also extended the 2005 season's record for tropical storms to twenty-four, which was also enlarged four more times and ended at twenty-eight storms after Tropical Storm Zeta and a post-season addition of an unnamed subtropical storm which went originally unnoticed in October. Also, Gamma tied the record set during the 1992 Pacific hurricane season for most storms in a single basin monitored by NOAA.



Kherai Puja

Kherai Puja is the most important religious festival of the Bodo people. They perform this puja on some specific occasions. 

The Kherai Puja is of four kinds.

The Darshan Kherai (दोर्सोन खेराइ) is performed during the first week of the month of 'Kati' or 'Kartik'. It celebrates the goddess of wealth and welfare, so it is also called as the 'Lwkhi Kherai'.

The Umrao Kherai (उमराव खेराइ) is held during the month of 'Ashara' at the end of the 'Amthi Sua' (the unclean period) for the welfare of the villagers as well as of the crops. This Kherai is also known as the 'Ashu Kherai'.

The Phalo Kherai (फालो खेराइ) is also known as the "Danshrang Kherai" as it is performed during the full moon at the month.

The Nowani Kherai (न'नि खेराइ) is performed by the family when it deems necessary. The Bodo people who believe in the traditional practice rely on the Kherai Puja and the Garja Puja for their welfare at all times.


Ausserferrera

Ausserferrera () is a village and former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008 the former municipalities of Ausserferrera and Innerferrera merged into the new municipality of Ferrera.

Partial fraction decomposition

Partial fraction decomposition is taking a big algebra fraction and splitting it into a bunch of smaller fractions that are added together. Partial fractions are used to get the antiderivatives of algebra fractions.

In math writing, we're turning this:

formula_1

Into this:

formula_2

The denominators of all these fractions are factors of g(x).

Pygmy slow loris

The pygmy slow loris ("Nycticebus pygmaeus") is a species of slow loris. It is a small nocturnal primate with large eyes. It lives in thick forest and bamboo groves. They are found in Vietnam, Laos, China, Thailand, and parts of Cambodia. Because their habitat is reduced, their status is "vulnerable".

They have small hands and feet, but an extraordinarily strong grasp. They can hang from branches as they catch their food. Their large eyes help them find their food.

Their diet consists of insects and soft fruit. They eat gum from trees and this may help them survive food shortages.

With their small size they weigh between 0.8 to 1 pound in adulthood. Usually once a male has reached maturity, they become territorial and do not tolerate other males. This is why their social life is described as solitary, although they are known to be able to live among females of their species. In captivity the lifespan of the pygmy slow loris may be 20 years.
They produce offspring every 12 to 18 months. The females have gestational periods of about 188 days and have small litters of one or two babies. This species does not share parenting. The offspring stay with their mothers until they reach maturity.

When the loris feels threatened it has a defense mechanism. It gives off a bad odor. If a predator is not scared away by the smell they produce some kind of toxic secretion from their elbows. If they bite the predator, the poison is passed on. 

Despite conservation efforts, they are captured and sold for pets in markets in Vietnam. They have a very cuddly appearance but in no way are suitable to be pets.


Punta La Marmora

Punta La Marmora () is a mountain in the Gennargentu range, Sardinia (Italy).

The mountain is named after Alberto della Marmora, an Italian geographer and naturalist who described the island in two works: "Voyage en Sardaigne" (1826) and "Itinéraire de l'île de Sardaigne" (1860).

The name of the mountain, in the Sardinian language, was "Perdas Carpìas", which means "split stones" because of its rocks of schist which tend to break into pieces.

The Punta La Marmorea is in the communes of Desulo and Arzana (province of Nuoro), in the "Barbagia" mountain area of inner Sardinia. With its summit at an elevation of , it is the highest peak on the Sardinia island.

Near Punta La Marmorea, there are other high mountains as "Bruncu Spina" that, with an elevation of , is the second highest point of Sardinia. They are part of the Gennargentu National Park.

The mountain is formed by metamorphic rocks, mainly shales, from Paleozoic era.

Punta La Marmora is just east of the approximate centre of Sardinia. On a clear day, it is possible to view from the top over a large part of Sardinia and the mountains of southern Corsica.

Snowfalls are frequent in winter, usually with an average depth over of snow. Snowfalls are stronger in January and February.

The wind on the summit can reach up to .

The summit is reached by hiking. The easiest route is from the "Bruncu Spina" mountain where there are ski lifts to get to the top; from there, it is easy to get to the five highest summits of Sardinia, including Punta La Marmora.



Joanne (album)

Joanne is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It was released on October 21, 2016. It was named for Gaga's aunt, her father's sister, who died before Gaga was born. Joanne is also Gaga's middle name.

The album was produced by Gaga, Mark Ronson, Kevin Parker, and BloodPop, among other producers. Gaga collaborated with RedOne on the song "Angel Down", which was written about Trayvon Martin, who was killed in 2012. RedOne also helped produce Gaga's previous blockbuster hits, such as "Just Dance", "Poker Face", and "Bad Romance". Country songwriter Hillary Lindsey also worked with Gaga on "Joanne" on songs like "Million Reasons". Singer-songwriter Beck worked with Gaga on the dance song "Dancin' in Circles".

Two singles were released for the album: "Perfect Illusion" and "Million Reasons". The first single reached the top 20 in several countries, like the US, Canada, Australia, and the UK. "Million Reasons" first peaked at number 52 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. However, after her Super Bowl halftime performance on February 5, 2017, the song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 again at number four. This is Gaga's 14th top-ten song and her 10th song to reach the top five on the chart.

Gaga went on a Dive Bar Tour at three different dive bars in the United States to promote "Joanne".

Critics have said that "Joanne" is different from Gaga's previous releases, such as "The Fame", "The Fame Monster", "Born This Way", and "Artpop". The album sold 201,000 copies in its first week in the United States. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 albums chart at number one. It became Gaga's fourth number-one album in the U.S. After the album was released, Gaga became the female artist with the most number-one albums of the 2010s decade. "Joanne" ranked at number 108 on the "Billboard" 200 year-end chart of 2016 in the US.

In August 2017, Gaga began the Joanne World Tour, which was set to run through December. However, in September 2017, Gaga canceled her performance at the Rock in Rio festival in Brazil, with Maroon 5 taking her place. The European leg of her tour was postponed to early 2018 due to severe chronic pain. She is set to continue the remainder of the North American dates.

On October 22, 2017, Gaga announced that the album had been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for over one million certified units in the United States.

The standard version of the album has 11 songs, while the deluxe version has 14.

Milky Way–Andromeda collision

The collision between the Milky Way and Andromeda will happen about four billion years in the future.

The Andromeda galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about as shown by its blueshift. Until 2012, it was not known whether the possible collision was definitely going to happen or not, because its proper motion was too small to measure.

In 2012, researchers concluded that the collision is sure to happen. They used the Hubble Space Telescope to track the motion of stars in Andromeda between 2002 and 2010 with great accuracy. Andromeda's tangential or sideways velocity with respect to the Milky Way was much smaller than the speed of approach. Therefore, it is expected that it will collide with the Milky Way in around 4 billion years.

Such collisions are relatively common. Andromeda, for example, has collided with at least one other galaxy in the past. Several dwarf galaxies such as SagDEG are already colliding with the Milky Way and being merged into it. The Antennae galaxies are an example of two roughly equal spiral galaxies colliding.


Slow loris

Slow lorises are the genus Nycticebus, nocturnal species of strepsirrhine primates. They live in southeast Asia and nearby areas.

There are about eight species: the Sunda slow loris ("N. coucang"), Bengal slow loris ("N. bengalensis"), pygmy slow loris ("N. pygmaeus"), Javan slow loris ("N. javanicus"), Philippine slow loris ("N. menagensis"), Bangka slow loris ("N. bancanus"), Bornean slow loris ("N. borneanus"), and Kayan River slow loris ("N. kayan").

The group's closest relatives are the slender lorises of southern India and Sri Lanka. Their next closest relatives are the African lorisids, the pottos, false pottos, and angwantibos. They are less closely related to the remaining lorisoids (the various types of galago), and more distantly to the lemurs of Madagascar. Their evolutionary history is uncertain: their fossil record is patchy and molecular clock studies have given various results.

Slow lorises eat insects, small birds and reptiles, eggs, fruits, gums, nectar and some vegetation. A 1984 study of the Sunda slow loris found its diet was 71% fruit and gums, and 29% insects and other animal prey. A more detailed study of another Sunda slow loris population in 2002 and 2003 showed different dietary proportions: 43.3% gum, 31.7% nectar, 22.5% fruit, and just 2.5% arthropods and other animal prey.

Scrapie

Scrapie is a fatal disease that affects the nervous system of sheep and goats. It is similar to Mad cow disease which affects cattle. Scrapie was first described in 1732. Much like with mad cow disease, prions seem to be involved in transmitting it.

Stone slab

A stone slab is a big stone, flat and of little thickness, that are generally used for paving floors, for covering walls or as headstones.

Other definitions refine the meaning a bit more:

Most dolmen constructions they were build using stone slabs of big dimensions. Their architecture often includes a corridor of access that can be constructed usins stone slabs or dry stones. The burial chamber, with variable shapes (rectangular, polygonal, oval, circular ...) can also be preceded by an anteroom. In some dolmens, the entrance has a door cut into one or more vertical stone slabs.

The main applications of the slabs as material of construction are for pavings and in the construction of roofs. But they can be employed for other uses, among them:


A system to cook the foods is “to the slab”. In like manner to the systems of “to the iron” or “grilled”, in the procedure to bake to the slab the foods course (meat, fish, vegetables...) They put on a slab hot on of the fire. With oil, butter or lard and all the aditaments with that want to dress the teak.

From prehistoric times there are examples of graves covered with a stone slab, in its natural state or carved. This use as tombstone has extended the concept of natural slab to the tombstone variant: flat, thin and polished. Example: the tomb of King Peter the Great,

The tombstones use to have some inscriptions. The information on the stone slab traditionally includes the name of the deceased and his date of birth and death. The inscriptions are generally in the frontal side of the stone slab but also in some cases in the verso and around the edges of the slab, some families request to write an inscription in the unseen part of the stone slab (oriented to the ground). Apart from the name, some slabs also have epitaphs in praise of the deceased or citations of religious texts, as "Requiescat in pace".



Marecchia

The Marecchia () is a river of the Emilia-Romagna region. The city of Rimini gets its name from the Latin name of the river.

Its low course marks the end of the Padan Plain ().

The Marecchia river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) depends of the season: in the autumn could be as high as but is very low during summer. Most of the time, the discharge is about .

The Marecchia river flows through a valley named after it, "Valmarecchia". The river starts at about west of "Viamaggio" ("comune" of Pieve Santo Stefano) and about southwest of the "comune" of Badia Tedalda, in the province of Arezzo (Tuscany), in the "Alpe della Luna" at an elevation of above sea level.

At about to the northeast of Badia Tedalda, the river flows into the Emilia-Romagna region, in the Casteldelci "comune", province of Rimini. Then it flows through Ca 'Raffaello, an exclave of Badia Tedalda; to the north of here, the Senatello river flows into the Marecchia as a left tributary. Later, in "Ponte Masa", the Masa river flows from the right into the Marecchia.

Shortly after "Torello", the San Marino river flows as a right tributary and, after the Verucchio "comune", the Ausa flows also from the right.

Between the "frazioni" (Italian subdivisions of a municipality) of "Rivabella" and "San Giuliano", in Rimini, the Marecchia river ends in the Adriatic Sea.

The Bridge of Tiberius () or Bridge of Augustus () is a Roman bridge in Rimini. Its construction began in the times of Augustus but was finished in 20 AD in the times of Tiberius.

The tributaries of the Marecchia river are:



Shijiazhuang

Shijiazhuang (石家庄) is a city in China. It is the capital of Hebei province.

The city is at the edge of the North China Plain. It is about southwest of Beijing.

Manchu queue

The Manchu queue or the Manchu braid was a hairstyle that all men in China during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) had to wear. After the overthrow of the Qing dynasty, Chinese men no longer had to wear the Manchu queue.

War bride

During war, or when a country is occupied, many people who serve in the military are present in that country. Some of these people are soldiers, other people are part of military personnel. Women who marry those people are known as war brides. The effect is well-documented for the period of the First and Second World War, but it also applies to other wars, such as the Philippine–American War, the Vietnam War, the Korean War or the Occupation of Japan. 

Neravy

Neravy is a town in the Karaikal district of Puducherry Union territory, India. This town is located 145km away from Pondicherry, the capital of this union territory.

The population of Neravy is 10890 according to 2001 Census of India. The male population is 5392 and female population is 5494. The literacy rate of the town is 81.19%.

Neravy commune is one of the 5 communes in Karaikal district.

Catenary

A catenary is a type of curve. An ideal chain hanging between two supports and acted on by a uniform gravitational force makes the shape of a catenary. (An ideal chain is one that can bend perfectly, cannot be stretched and has the same density throughout.) The supports can be at different heights and the shape will still be a catenary. A catenary looks a bit like a parabola, but they are different.

The equation for a catenary in Cartesian coordinates is
where formula_2 is a parameter that determines the shape of the catenary and formula_3 is the hyperbolic cosine function, which is defined as
Hence, we can also write the catenary equation as

The word "catenary" comes from the Latin word "catena", which means "chain". A catenary is also called called an alysoid and a chainette.

Perfect information

Perfect information has different definitions depending on the field.

In economics, the term perfect information refers to an element of competition in a market which is perfect and idealized. This is commonly known as perfect competition.

In the mathematical branch of game theory, a perfect information game uses perfect information if all the actions taken in the game are known, and the state of the game's materials is available to all players. Perfect information is a type of common knowledge. Perfect information relates to the materials of the game, and to the rules of the game.

It follows that imperfect information is when elements of the game (materials or rules) are not equally available to all participants. 

Perfect information games do not require that each player has a working memory of past positions but that merely they have had the opportunity to view such past actions.

In a game of chess or go, the pieces and the rules are known, but the implications of the position are not. This identifies chess as a perfect information game. In competitive card games like bridge and poker, the cards held by opponents are not known, or only partly known. They are not perfect information games.

Holon Children's Museum

Holon Children's Museum () is the first museum dedicated for children in Israel. It was opened in 2001. The museum is located in Shimon Peres Park in Holon.


Compromise of 1850

The Compromise of 1850 was a series of laws passed in 1850 that dealt with the controversial issue of slavery in the United States. As a result of the Mexican–American War, the United States acquired a large amount of new territory. The laws admitted California as a free state, and created the new territories of New Mexico and Utah. A dispute over the boundary between Texas and New Mexico was settled with Texas losing the New Mexico territory. It put an end to the slave trade in Washington, D.C. and made it easier for Southern slave owners to recover runaway slaves. The compromise called for each new state to decide for itself whether it would be a slave or free states. The commerce and trade compromise ended the slave trade and eventually led to the Emancipation Proclamation.

The Missouri Compromise, passed in 1820, was an agreement between the pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions in the United States Congress. It concerned the regulation of slavery in the western territories. It admitted Missouri as a slave state to please the South. It admitted Maine as a free state to please the North. It kept the balance of power in the United States Senate between the free states and slave states. The plan also called for slavery to be banned from the Louisiana Territory north of the parallel 36 degrees 30' north (also known as the Missouri Compromise Line), except within the boundaries of the proposed state of Missouri. It was a temporary measure that reduced the conflict over slavery. But there was continued resentment between North and South. The South resented Congress interfering with slavery. The North resented having to compromise on the moral issues of slavery. Both sides wanted the political power necessary for their issue to win. In his book "Negro President: Jefferson and the Slave Power", historian Garry Wills wrote, “the South was not demanding slave representation to achieve a near-parity at the moment, but as a way of achieving majority control in the immediately foreseeable future.”

In 1849, when Zachary Taylor became president, the new territories the U.S. gained after the Mexican-American war caused the issue of slavery to become critical again. The California Gold Rush had caused the population there to suddenly increase and Californians now wanted statehood as a free state. This upset the balance of 15 free states and 15 slave states established by the Missouri Compromise.

Senator Henry Clay of Kentucky presented resolutions on January 29, 1850 saying they represented the spirit of compromise that would keep the Union together. Former Vice President and Senator from South Carolina John C. Calhoun saw it differently. For a month he worked on a speech but was too ill to deliver it. Virginia Senator James A. Mason read it on the floor of the Senate on March 4. In a speech on March 7, Senator Daniel Webster of Massachusetts spoke in favor of compromise. Abolitionists in the North saw this as a betrayal and giving in to slavery interests. William H. Seward, then the Senator from New York, spoke next for the abolitionists. He claimed there was a "higher law than the Constitution," which prevented any compromise with slavery.

At the same time the House of Representatives was also debating the question. No agreements had been reached by early April so a committee was suggested by Senator Henry S. Foote of Mississippi. Called the "Committee of Thirteen" it was made up of seven Whigs and six Democrats. The committee drafted a bill based mainly on Clay's compromise resolutions made in January. Clay himself was the chairman and presented the bill on May 8.

Each side got some benefits from the compromise:




Timeline of events leading to the American Civil War

A timeline of events leading up to the American Civil War describes the events which historians recognize as contributing to the American Civil War. Many of these events lead back to the founding of the country. The United States Constitution makes only a few mentions of slavery leaving it largely up to the individual states to govern it. As the Northern and Southern United States developed along separate lines, slavery eventually disappeared from the North. It became an institution in the South. As new parts of the country opened up to settlement the issues over slavery started a long-standing controversy between North and South. It became a burning issue and led to secession of several Southern states. This in general led to the Civil War.


West London Synagogue

West London Synagogue is the oldest Reform synagogue located in London, England, United Kingdom. The synagogue was established on 15 April 1840.

The current building, built in 1870, is located near Marble Arch in London. The main sanctuary is built in the Byzantine architectural style. The premises also contain offices, a library and community facilities.


Julio César Turbay Ayala

Julio César Turbay Ayala (18 June 1916 – 13 September 2005) was the 25th President of Colombia from 1978 to 1982.

Turbay was born in a poor neighborhood on June 18, 1916. His father, Antonio Amín Turbay, was a businessman who emigrated from Tannourine, Lebanon.
His mother, Rosaura Ayala, was a peasant from the province of Cundinamarca. Turbay’s father was a hard working merchant who had built a fortune, which he completely lost during the civil war of the Thousand Days War.

In response to an increase in guerrilla activity, a 1978 decree known as the Security Statute was implemented by Turbay's administration.

The Security Statute gave the military an increased degree of freedom of action, especially in urban areas, to detain, interrogate and eventually judge suspected guerrillas or their collaborators before military tribunals. Human rights organizations, newspaper columnists, political personalities and opposition groups complained about an increase in the number of arbitrary detentions and acts of torture as a result.

In late 1980, sixteen ambassadors were held hostage for 61 days as part of a takeover of the Dominican Republic's embassy. The incident soon spread throughout worldwide headlines, as ambassadors from the United States of America, Costa Rica, Mexico, Peru, Israel and Venezuela had been taken hostage, as well as Colombia's top representative to the Holy See.

Turbay, despite pressure from military and political sectors, avoided deciding to solve the crisis through the use of direct military force, and instead eventually agreed to let the M-19 rebels travel to Cuba. Allegedly, the rebels also received USD 1 million as payment, instead of the initial $50 million that they had originally demanded from the government.

Turbay married his niece, Nydia Quintero Turbay, on July 1, 1948. They had four children together: Julio César, Diana, Claudia, and María Victoria. However, their marriage was annulled by the Roman Catholic Church, and in 1986 he married his longtime companion Amparo Canal, to whom he remained married until his death.

In January 1991, Turbay's daughter Diana was kidnapped by orders of the Medellín Cartel and died during a failed police rescue operation not sanctioned by her family. Her kidnapping is chronicled in "News of a Kidnapping" by the Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez (1996) and depicted in multiple onscreen productions.

Turbay died on September 13, 2005. He was honored by a state funeral personally led by President Álvaro Uribe and was buried at the Sacromonte Caves at Canton Norte, an army base in Bogotá.


Conan the Barbarian (1982 movie)

Conan the Barbarian is a 1982 American fantasy-adventure movie directed by John Milius. Based on the stories of Robert E. Howard, the movie tells the story of a warrior prince (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who must battle and defeat Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones), an evil sorcerer who murdered his parents. Although initial reception for the film was poor, it was a box-office hit and launched Schwarzenegger's career, and in the years since, it has become a cult movie. A sequel, Conan the Destroyer, was released in 1984, and a remake was also released in 2011.

In the fictional country of Cimmeria, a sword is forged by a blacksmith (William Smith), who shows it to his young son Conan as he tells him "the Riddle of Steel", which is an aphorism of the importance of metal to their people. One day, the Cimmerians are massacred by the warriors of the sorcerer Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones), who is the leader of a snake cult. Dogs kill Conan's father and his mother is killed when Doom decapitates her with his sword. The children, Conan among them, are taken into slavery and chained to a mill called The Wheel of Pain. Conan grows into a young man (Arnold Schwarzenegger), whose muscles have built from years of pushing the heavy grindstone. His master eventually trains him into a gladiator; he is eventually freed after winning several pit fights and receiving training in the East. Conan travels to a warrior's tomb and retrieves a sword. He later on encounters a prophetic witch (Cassandra Gava) and befriends the thief Subotai (Gerry Lopez).

On the advice of the witch Conan and Subotai travel to the city of Zamora to find Doom. There, they encounter the female warrior Valeria (Sandahl Bergman). They steal treasure from the Tower of Serpents-killing a giant snake in the process-and after escaping, the thieves celebrate and Conan and Valeria fall in love. The city guards capture the trio and bring them to the court of King Osric (Max von Sydow), who requests that they rescue his daughter-who has become a follower of Doom-for a reward. Subotai and Valeria refuse, but Conan-driven by his hatred of Doom-sets off alone to the Temple of Set, where the sorcerer resides.

Conan infiltrates the temple disguised as a priest, but ends up being discovered, captured and tortured. Doom lectures him on the power of flesh, which he demonstrates by forcing one of his followers to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff, before ordering the barbarian to be crucified on the Tree of Woe. Subotai discovers the dying Conan and brings him to the Wizard of the Mounds (Mako), who lives on a burial site for warriors and kings. The wizard summons spirits to heal the barbarian, warning that they will "exact a heavy toll", which Valeria is willing to pay. These spirits try to capture Conan but he fully recovers from his wounds when Subotai and Valeria fight them off. 

Subotai and Valeria agree to help Conan complete the quest and infiltrate the temple of Set. As the cult indulges in a cannibalistic orgy, the thieves attack and flee with the princess. Doom shoots Valeria with a stiffened snake and is mortally injured. She dies of her wounds and Conan has her cremated at the Mounds, where he later prepares with Subotai and the wizard to fight Doom. With the use of booby traps and exploiting the terrain, the two manage to slay Doom's soldiers when they arrive. Valeria reappears briefly as a Valkyrie to protect Conan from a mortal blow. After the death of his men, Doom tries to shoot the princess with a stiffened snake, but Subotai blocks the shot with his shield and the sorcerer flees to his temple.

Conan sneaks back to the temple where Doom addresses the cult members. He confronts Doom, who attempts to mesmerize him. Conan, however, resists and decapitates the sorcerer. After the disillusioned cultists disperse, Conan razes the temple to the ground and returns the princess.

Aisne (river)

The Aisne is a river in northeastern France. It is a left tributary of the Oise river. It gave its name to the French department of Aisne. It was known in Roman times with its Celtic name of Axona.

The Aisne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Aisne is in the "Forest of Argonne", in the Rembercourt-Sommaisne "commune" (Meuse), near the border with the Marne department, at an altitude of about . From here, the Aisne flows to the west.

The Aisne river flows through 2 regions and 5 departments. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Oise river in the city of Compiègne.

The main tributaries of the Aisne river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Trosly-Breuil in the Oise department.

The Aisne shows typical seasonal fluctuations. The highest levels of the river are in winter and spring, from December to May inclusive, with the highest level in February. They are followed by a rapid fall in the flow during the low water period that goes from July to October.


Damodar River

The Damodar River is a river in India. It flows through the states of West Bengal and Jharkhand. The river is nicknamed "the Sorrow of Bengal" because of the floods in the plains of West Bengal.

The Damodar River has many tributaries. They are:

Chota Nagpur Plateau receives an annual rainfall of around . The volume of this monsoon rain produces the floods of the Damodar River. Many of the floods of the Damodar River is recorded in the years of 1700, 1855, 1866, 1926, 1935 and 1943.

History of the United States (1789–1849)

The History of the United States (1789–1849), sometimes called the Antebellum period, is the history beginning with the Presidency of George Washington and ending just before the American Civil War. The first government, formed under the Articles of Confederation, had ended and a new government based on the United States Constitution began. In the early 19th century, the country went though a number of dramatic changes. The country expanded its borders, cities became industrial centers and the economy grew. Sections of the United States developed differently leading to conflicts and eventually up to a civil war. 

This is the period from 1789 to about 1801 when the Federalist Party controlled the American government.

In 1789, Washington was elected the first President of the United States. The Constitution only gave a vague outline of what a president should be. Washington defined the position of President and left office after two terms. During Washington's term, there was a Whiskey Rebellion, where country farmers tried to stop the government from collecting taxes on whiskey. In 1795, Congress passed the Jay Treaty, which allowed for increased trade with Britain in exchange for the British giving up their forts on the Great Lakes. However, Great Britain was still interfering with the U.S., such as impressment (making American sailors join the British Royal Navy). 

John Adams defeated Thomas Jefferson in the election of 1796 to become the second President of the United States. This was the first American election that was between two political parties. Under Adams, the United States Navy was created on April 30, 1798. It replaced the earlier Continental Navy which had been disbanded by 1785. By the end of 1798 the U.S. Navy had 14 ships with more being built. Adams pushed for and signed the controversial Alien and Sedition Acts. 

In the election of 1800, Jefferson defeated Adams. One of the most important things he did as President was to make the Louisiana Purchase from France, which made the United States twice as big. By 1800 24 treaties had been signed with nine European powers.

This is the period from 1800 through 1815 which includes the administrations of two Democratic-Republican Party presidents, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. They are commonly called Jeffersonian Republicans. During this time the country nearly doubled in size with the Louisiana Purchase from France. This, in turn, was one of the causes behind the War of 1812, when Great Britain attempted to re-claim her former American colonies.<!Era of good feelings • http://www.ushistory.org/us/23a.asp -->

In 1816, the Federalist Party candidate Rufus King ran against the Democratic-Republican candidate James Monroe. Monroe received 183 electoral votes to King's 34. That was the last time the Federalist Party ran a candidate. The Congressional election of 1818 gave the Democratic-Republicans a majority of 85%. Monroe served for two terms from 1817 to 1825. Due to the dominance of one political party this is often called the "Era of Good Feelings". But the party was deeply divided by this time. Many of the Federalist policies of Alexander Hamilton were adopted during this time and Monroe continued many of the economic policies of Madison. Three in particular were a national bank, protective tariffs and federal funding of the infrastructure.

The one-party Era of Good Feelings system of cooperation between politicians lasted only about a decade. It was replaced by a new two-party system, which continues to today. Political parties took on the job of building coalitions between many different groups with different interests. This new system broke away from the patronage system based on personal loyalties. The Founding Fathers of the United States had never imagined a system based on political parties but by the 1830s they had become the main system of American politics.

The presidential election of 1824 had no Federalist party candidate. There were five candidates with Andrew Jackson winning the electoral college with 99 votes. Second to Jackson was John Quincy Adams with 84 votes and third was William H. Crawford who received 41 votes. Because nobody received a clear majority of electoral votes, following the Twelfth Amendment, the decision would be made by the House of Representatives.

The Speaker of the House was Henry Clay, another of the five candidates for President in 1824. Despite his state legislature instructing him to vote for Jackson, Clay formed a coalition to elect Adams president. On the first vote, Adams won the majority of votes. At first, Jackson accepted the decision gracefully. But after Adams became president he appointed Clay his Secretary of State. This brought cries of a "corrupt bargain" between Clay and Adams. Jackson's 1828 political campaign to end government corruption began immediately afterwards to make sure Adams would be a one-term president.

Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828. He got nearly 70% of the electoral votes and over 60% participation in his election. This was largely due to Jackson's popularity as "Old Hickory", the hero of the Battle of New Orleans. His military career had included service in the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812 and the Seminole Wars. Jackson also benefited from the perceived "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Clay to expand his political base. 

During his presidency, Jackson founded the party that began calling itself the "American Democracy". Changes in the electoral rules and political campaigns also contributed towards the feeling the country was becoming more democratic than it had been up to this point. For both reasons this era was called Jacksonian democracy. The period itself was from 1828 into the 1840s but its influence lasted much longer. It was a period of democratic reforms in voting and changes to the structure of the federal government. Some historians see it as a contradiction in terms since it also defended slavery, the pushing of Native Americans westward and white supremacy. Jackson's policies during his two terms were best described as "laissez-faire". 

His Democratic Party stood for a smaller simpler government that did not involve itself in the economy or in regulating business. They opposed religious intrusion into government, especially in the forms of temperance, abolitionism and in officially keeping the Sabbath. Jackson and his Democrats wanted to keep government spending to a minimum.
The Democrats, under Jackson and his successor Martin Van Buren, became much better organized. They created a structure of local, state and national branches which controlled organizing membership as well as their caucuses and political conventions. They popularly claimed to be a grassroots party but were in fact controlled from Washington. They represented themselves as defending the common man against the "aristocrats" of the Whig Party. They started a spoils system of rewarding party loyalty with government jobs. After the War of 1812, Constitutional changes allowed more men to vote by erasing the requirement to own property. By Jackson's presidency, nearly all white men could vote. In 1812, only half of the states chose their electors in a presidential election by popular vote. By 1832, all states except South Carolina chose their presidential electors by popular vote. The Democrats were quick to take advantage of these changes. 

Jacksonian Democrats fought against the Second Bank of the United States. They wanted to remove the political influence of bankers on the national economy. They helped farmers and planters by taking away the lands of Native Americans and making cheap land available for settlers. But this did not get them the support of all planters in the South. Mostly centered in South Carolina, some thought the Jacksonian egalitarianism might threaten the institution of slavery itself. This led to the Nullification Crisis of 1832-1833. Farmers and planters had hoped that when Jackson was elected, he would reduce the unpopular tariffs that benefited Northern manufacturers and hurt the economy of the South. South Carolina passed the Ordinance of Nullification which declared the federal tariffs of 1828 and 1838 illegal within the borders of South Carolina. They also began to raise funds for a military to defend themselves. 

In November 1832, Jackson sent a fleet of seven navy ships and one warship to Charleston. He called the state act "insurrection and treason". While other states in the south may have sympathized with South Carolina, they called the state's actions unconstitutional. South Carolina finally gave in and removed their objections to the tariff. In response, in 1833, Henry Clay got a bill through Congress that reduced the tariff in stages for any that were over 20%. So in the end South Carolina had shown it could force its will on Congress by resisting a federal law.

A number of reform movements began during this period after 1815. The improved economy after the War of 1812 provided a new class of people who had the time and financial resources to become involved in social movements. New technologies in printing increased the number of publications including those about subjects such as abolition. Better transportation meant lecturers could move from place to place more easily. A temperance movement began about 1819. A religious movement, sometimes called the Second Great Awakening, swept through the country during this time. Common themes ran through most of these reform movements. One of the most important was the belief that people had the ability to choose between right and wrong. For example, slavery was wrong. The term "slave" was used to show anything that was held to be wrong in society. Drunkards were "slaves" to alcohol, workers were "slaves" to the factory owners, and women were "slaves" to men. It was also common for those who believed in anti-slavement movements to also believe in women's rights, religious reforms and temperance reforms. People were given to joining local organizations because there were no strong political leaders championing these causes. There were no national church organizations to lead these causes. Reform movements went around the political and religious systems, at least until the 1840s. The movements themselves, such as the abolitionist movement, were not completely unified and had internal disagreements over what should be done or how to go about it.

Slavery was mainly concentrated in the South by 1830. Slaves were used on small farms and large plantations. They were also used in towns as domestic workers and labor for various industries. Slaves were considered to be property because they were black. They were kept as slaves by the constant threat of violence. They were not allowed to forget they were slaves even though they lived with their masters. Many slaveowners genuinely cared about their slaves, but never saw them as their equal. But the largest percentage of Southerners did not own slaves. Most Southerners worked their own farms yet, curiously, they defended slavery as an institution. Many resented the wealth and power of the large plantation owners but at the same time held out the hope that someday they could join those ranks. Also, while poor Southerners were looked down on by rich plantation owners, they could themselves look down on blacks as an inferior group.

Cotton had become the largest cash crop. But plantations also grew corn, rice, sugarcane and tobacco. Slaves on plantations may have averaged 50 or less, but the largest plantations had hundreds of slaves. In addition to field work, slaves also were skilled in trades such as blacksmithing, carpentry and mechanics. Domestic slaves did the cooking for the family, raised their children and performed all the work in the household. They were always supervised and had to work at all times they were not sleeping. Domestic slaves had virtually no privacy. Young white children formed close attachment to their black nannies. But as they grew up they were educated as to how slaves were to be treated.

During this time period cotton plantations became very profitable in the South. Advances such as the cotton gin, power looms and the Sewing machine created a demand for cotton. It was exported from the South to New England and to England. Plantation owners needed more land and more slaves to grow more cotton. They were especially interested in expanding into new territories. They needed more slaves and after the ban on importing African slaves into the U.S., the prices went up. Small farmers found it profitable to sell their slaves to the large plantation owners. Wealth in the South often reflected how many slaves a planter owned. Slaves gave them political power and prestige.

The textile industry started the industrial revolution in the North. Other advances in manufacturing were in making paint, furniture, paper and glass. Between 1814 and 1865, the population grew by a factor of four. Manufacturing output grew to twelve times and the price of manufactured goods grew to eight times what it was before. Most of this growth was in New England. Rivers provided power for mills. In Pennsylvania coal and iron ore were mined. Agriculture remained an important industry in the North. Schools provided education provided a literate supply of workers and inventors. Large ports and ships provided transportation to foreign markets. Also railroads and water transportation such as the Erie Canal provided goods and services further west. A steady supply of immigrants provided much of the labor force that ran the Northern industries. During this period a number of social movements including anti-slavery began to have noticeable effects on society. In 1831 more radical forms of abolitionist movements emerged.


Domain name registrar

A domain name registrar is a company designed to provide domain registration service to other companies or individuals that would like to own a particular web address. The party seeking to register the site will usually pay the domain name registrar a flat or monthly fee to keep the name registered, so that no other person is able to acquire the web address. The systems setup by the domain name registrar translates IP addresses into easily identifiable domain names. this is called the domain name registrar.

Magnetic storage

Magnetic storage is a way of storing data that uses magnets to store binary data. It uses patterns of positive and negative magnetisation to store data using read/write heads, which can view and change the magnetisation. A few examples include hard disk drives, floppy disks, and magnetic stripes.

Arrondissements of the Aisne department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Aisne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Aisne are:

Since its creation, the Aisne department has had few changes:


United Arab Emirates Armed Forces

The United Arab Emirates Armed Forces is the armed forces of the United Arab Emirates. It defends all seven emirates. They have about 65,000 personnel. Their headquarters are in Abu Dhabi, UAE. It has been used twice in Sharjah. 

Tecumseh

Tecumseh ( ; March 1768 – October 5, 1813) was a Native American leader of the Shawnee and a large tribal confederacy (known as Tecumseh's Confederacy) which opposed the United States during Tecumseh's War and became an ally of Britain in the War of 1812. He is also the earliest known ruler of the Shawnee Tribe. 

Tecumseh had a brother named Tenskwatawa. Tenskwatawa was known as the town drunkard in the town until he changed and became religious. When Tecumseh left for a business trip and left Tenskwatawa in charge, he didn't do a good job. He started a war with his leadership, and a while after Tecumseh returned, Tecumseh was killed. Tecumseh also has a son named Cheeseekau.

Notes

Arrondissement of Château-Thierry

The arrondissement of Château-Thierry is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Château-Thierry.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry was eliminated but in 1942 it was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Soissons "arrondissement", to the south and southeast by the Marne department, to the southwest by the Seine-et-Marne department and to the northwest by the Oise department.

The "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry is the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (73,188 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry are:

The "arrondissement" of Château-Thierry has 108 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Croquet

Croquet is a sport. It was officially registered by Isaac Spratt in November 1856. It involves hitting plastic or wooden balls with a mallet through hoops (often called "wickets" in the United States) embedded in a grass playing court.

Computational linguistics

Computational Linguistics is a field of linguistics that deals with making computers understand human language. Some of the biggest sub-fields of computational linguistics are:

Speech recognition, which is a computer program that listens to people talk and writes down what they said

Speech synthesis, which is a computer program that takes writing and reads it out loud

Machine translation, which is a computer program that turns a language into a different one

Dialog Systems, which is a computer program that talks with a human to help them do something

Arrondissement of Laon

The arrondissement of Laon is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital, and the Prefecture of the department, is the city of Laon.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Laon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Laon is the central "arrondissement" of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the northwest by the Saint-Quentin "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Vervins "arrondissement", to the east by the Ardennes department, to the southeast by the Marne department, to the south by the Soissons "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Oise department and to the northwest by the Somme department.

The "arrondissement" of Laon is the largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and in population (165,489 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Laon are:

The "arrondissement" of Laon has 244 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Quentin

The arrondissement of Saint-Quentin is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Saint-Quentin.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin is in the northwest of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Nord department, to the east by the Vervins "arrondissement", to the south by the Laon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Somme department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but is the second in population (130,918 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

All the cantons of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin have their "communes" in the "arrondissement"; they are:
The "arrondissement" of Saint-Quentin has 126 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Soissons

The arrondissement of Soissons is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Soissons.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Soissons was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Soissons is in the central part of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Laon "arrondissement", to the east by the Marne department, to the south by the Château-Thierry "arrondissement" and to the west by the Oise department.

The "arrondissement" of Soissons has an area of and a population of 103,840 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Soissons are:
The "arrondissement" of Soissons has 166 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Full Circle (Creed album)

Full Circle is the fourth and final studio album by American post-grunge band Creed. The album was released on October 27, 2009 through Wind-up Records.

Arrondissement of Vervins

The arrondissement of Vervins is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Vervins.

When the Aisne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vervins was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vervins is in the northeast of the Aisne department. It is bordered to the north by the Nord department, to the northeast by Belgium (), to the east by the Ardennes department, to the south by the Laon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Saint-Quentin "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Vervins has an area of . It is the "arrondissement" of Aisne with fewest people living in it, 66,348 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Vervins are:


The "arrondissement" of Vervins has 130 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie

Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department of northern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Artonges, La Celle-sous-Montmirail, Fontenelle-en-Brie and Marchais-en-Brie.

The town hall is in Marchais-en-Brie.

The "commune" of Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie gets is name from:

Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie is in the southern part of the Aisne department at to the south of Laon, the prefecture of the department, and at to the southeast of Château-Thierry, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Gennifer Flowers

Gennifer Flowers (born January 24, 1950) is an American model and actress. She became known after she revealed a sexual affair with President Bill Clinton. Before Clinton's presidency, she posed nude in "Penthouse" magazine. She also acted in two movies and one television show.

Flowers was born in Oklahoma City.

IOS 10

iOS 10 is a version of iOS released on September 13, 2016, preceded by iOS 9. iOS 10 includes new features such as 3D touch improvements, the lock screen, Emojis in Messages, Siri's compatibility to third-party apps, and many others. This is the first time Apple has dropped support for devices since iOS 8. Apple since then have a limited support for the iPhone 5, iPhone 5C, and the fourth-generation iPad.

iOS 10 supports Xserve.
The user now has the option of downloading applications from a app store in Messages.

Ivory-billed woodpecker

The ivory-billed woodpecker ("Campephilus principalis") is a possibly extinct species of woodpecker. It would be about in length. Its wingspan would be . It is one of 23 species which the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has declared extinct.However, the UCN have not changed its assessment of the species, and the USFWS statement might be revoked in 2022, according to Matt Courtman from Mission Ivorybill.

The last sighting was in Arkansas in 2004. They were often mistaken for pileated woodpeckers. The males had red crests, and the females had black crests.

McCollough effect

The McCollough effect is a phenomenon of human vision: Colorless gratings appear colored contingent on the orientation of the gratings. People need time to see the effect. For example, if someone looks at a red horizontal grating and then at a green vertical grating for a few minutes, a black-and-white horizontal grating will look greenish and a black-and-white vertical grating will then look pinkish. The effect is remarkable for often lasting up to three months or more.

The effect was discovered by American psychologist Celeste McCollough in 1965.

Vallées-en-Champagne

Vallées-en-Champagne is a commune in the Aisne department of northern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Baulne-en-Brie, La Chapelle-Monthodon and Saint-Agnan.

The town hall is in Baulne-en-Brie.

Vallées-en-Champagne is in the southeastern part of the Aisne department, on the border with the Marne department, at to the south of Laon, the prefecture of the department, and at to the southeast of Château-Thierry, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Mitch Hedberg

Mitchell Lee "Mitch" Hedberg (February 24, 1968 – March 30, 2005) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, and comedian. He was born and raised in St. Paul, Minnesota. Hedberg's trademark was his hippie look and his relaxed unconventional comedic delivery.

Hedberg began his stand-up career in Florida. He later moved to Seattle and began to tour. He soon appeared on MTV's "Comikaze". This was followed by a 1996 appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman" that brought him his big break. He won the 1997 grand prize at the Seattle Comedy Competition. The next year he appeared in an episode of Fox's series "That '70s Show".

In 1999, he completed his own independent feature movie, "Los Enchiladas!". He was the star, writer, director and producer. He recorded three comedy CDs: "Strategic Grill Locations", "Mitch All Together", and "Do You Believe in Gosh?". The last was released posthumously. He also appeared at the Montreal Just for Laughs comedy festival in 1996, and again in 1998 and 2001.

At the same time as his rising fame in the entertainment industry, Hedberg appeared on Letterman nine more times. He signed a half-million dollar deal with Fox for a television sitcom. Hedberg was supposed to be the next Jerry Seinfeld. George Carlin, Dave Chappelle, Mike Birbiglia and Lewis Black were reportedly among his comedian fans.


Les Septvallons

Les Septvallons is a commune in the Aisne department of northern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Glennes, Longueval-Barbonval, Merval, Perles, Révillon, Vauxcéré and Villers-en-Prayères.

The town hall is in Longueval-Barbonval.

Les Septvallons is in the eastern part of the Soissons "arrondissement", in the valley of the Aisne river; the "commune" is on the border with the Marne department, at to the south of Laon, the prefecture of the department, and at to the east of Soissons, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Decongestant

A decongestant (or nasal decongestant) is a type of pharmaceutical drug that is used to help stop nasal congestion in the upper respiratory tract. The active ingredients that most decongestants have are pseudoephedrine or phenylephrine.

2016–17 NHL season

The 2016–17 NHL season was the 100th season of operation (99th season of play) of the National Hockey League. 

There were 82 games for each team in the regular season from October 12, 2016 to April 9, 2017. The 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 12 and ended on June 11 when the Calgary Flames won game four of the 2017 Stanley Cup Final against the Philadelphia Flyers. This was the flames' third Stanley Cup in their history and their second in four seasons. They also won the Stanley Cup in 2016 and that means they are the first team since the Phoenix Coyotes in 2011 and 2012 to win two Stanley Cups in a row. 

The Washington Capitals were the Presidents' Trophy winners for being the best team of the regular season. Edmonton Oilers player, Connor McDavid, won both the Hart Memorial Trophy, for being the most valuable player to his team, and the Art Ross Trophy for scoring the most goals and assists. The Oilers also made the playoffs for the first time since the 2005-06 NHL season. This tied the record for longest time without making the playoffs at 10 seasons. The Detroit Red Wings missed the playoffs. The last time this happened was in the 1989-90 NHL season. This 25-season streak was the fourth longest in NHL history and the longest in the NHL, Major League Baseball, National Basketball Association and theNational Football League. The team with the longest streak in the NHL became the Penguins at 11 seasons. The first round of the playoffs broke the record for most overtime games with 18. The Eastern Conference runner-up was the Ottawa Senators for losing the Conference Final to the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Western Conference runner-up was the Anaheim Ducks for losing the Conference Final to the Nashville Predators. Pittsburgh Penguins' player Sidney Crosby was the Conn Smythe Trophy winner for being the most valuable player of the playoffs.

Tie Breakers:<br>
1. Fewer number of games played.<br>
2. Greater Regulation + OT Wins (ROW)<br>
3. Greatest number of points earned in head-to-head play (If teams played an unequal # of head-to-head games, the result of the first game on the home ice of the team with the extra home game is discarded.)<br>
4. Greater Goal differential


Metropolitan Division

The National Hockey League's Metropolitan Division was formed in 2013 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league realignment. It followed the Atlantic Division which and some teams also joined from the Southeast Division. Six of its teams had been in the Patrick Division from 1981–93 (one joined in 1982). As of the 2013–14 season, it is the only NHL division without a Canadian team. Five of the division's teams are located in either the New York City area or in Pennsylvania.










Teams in bold are currently in the division.

2015–16 NHL season

The 2015–16 NHL season was the 99th season of operation (98th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). Thirty teams competed. There were 82 games in the regular season from October 7, 2015 to April 10, 2016.

The 2016 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 13, 2016 and ended June 12. The Calgary Flames won their second Stanley Cup. None of the seven Canadian-based teams (except for the Ottawa Senators and Toronto Maple Leafs) qualified for the playoffs. The only other time in league history with no Canadian teams in the playoffs was in 1970.


List of United States senators from Utah

Utah was admitted to the Union on January 4, 1896. It elects senators to Class 1 and Class 3. In early January 2019, its senators were Republicans Mike Lee and Mitt Romney.

! rowspan=2 | 1
! 1

! rowspan=4 | 2

! rowspan=3 | 2

! rowspan=15 | 3

! rowspan=6 | 3

! rowspan=12 | 4

! rowspan=9 | 4

! rowspan=3 | 5

! rowspan=6 | 6

! rowspan=12 | 5

! rowspan=10 | 7

! rowspan=10 | 6

! rowspan=21 | 8

! rowspan=9 | 7

! rowspan=6 | 8

! rowspan=3 | 9

, there were two living former U.S. senators from Utah. The most recent senator to die was Bob Bennett of Class 3 (1993-2011) on May 4, 2016. The most recent Class 1 senator to die was Frank Moss (1959-1977) on January 29, 2003.

Bagnes

Bagnes was a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.

Val de Bagnes, Bruson, Champsec, Cotterg, Fionnay, Le Châble, Les Morgnes, Lourtier, Medières, Mauvoisin, Montagnier, Prarreyer, Sarreyer, Verbier, Versegères and Villette

Verbier

Verbier is a village in southwestern Switzerland in the canton of Valais. It is a holiday resort and ski area of the Swiss Alps and is recognized as one of the premiere "off-piste" resorts in the world.

Verbier is in the municipality of Bagnes, in the Swiss canton of Valais. The village lies on a south oriented terrace at around 1,500 metres facing the Grand Combin massif. The terrace lies on the east side of the Val de Bagnes, a valley located south of Martigny.


Piezoelectricity

Piezoelectric material generates a small electrical voltage, when its shape is deformed. This can be by as little as a 0.09% change, and can produce 12mAh worth of electricity at 230V (standard power output). It is important to note that the actual values of a piezoelectric material's volume or surface area do not change, as only the ratios of each axis (x, y and z) that are altered. E.g. a cuboid with 20 meters cubed volume can have the normal dimensions 1 meter by 2 meters by 10 meters, and the deformed dimensions 2 meters by 2.5 meters by 4 meters; the volume would remain the same, .

When processed, the piezoelectric crystal become sharper as they get refined through heating and cooling. This process makes the material much more sensitive to changes in pressure, as well as increases their resistance to compressive stress that would impede its ability to function.


Bourg-Saint-Pierre

Bourg-Saint-Pierre (German name: "St. Petersburg") is a municipality of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Liddes

Liddes is a municipality of the district Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Liddes-Ville, Chandonne, Fontaine, Rive-Haute, Drance, Fornex, Les Moulins, Vichères, Chez-Petit and Palasui


Orsières

Orsières is a municipality of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Branche, Chamoille, Champex-Lac, Chez-les-Addy-Maligue, Chez-les-Giroud, Chez-les-Reuses, Commeire, Issert, La Douay, La Fouly, La Rosière, Le Biolley, Les Archales, Orsières, Prassurny, Prayon, Praz-de-Fort, Reppaz, Somplaroz, Soulalex and Verlonnaz.


Yvan Cournoyer

Yvan Serge "The Roadrunner" Cournoyer (born November 22, 1943) is a retired Canadian hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens from 1963 to 1979.

2016 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia

The 2016 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia became the 9th IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia, an annual international ice hockey tournament held by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). It took place between 12 and 18 March 2016 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Participants


Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.

The Division I competition will played between 9 and 14 April 2016 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.

Participants


2015–16 Euro Hockey Tour

The 2015–16 Euro Hockey Tour is the 20th season of Euro Hockey Tour. It started on 5 November 2015 and lasted until 30 April 2016. It consisted of Karjala Cup, Channel One Cup and Euro Hockey Tour Games. Sweden won the tournament.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The Karjala Cup was played between 5–8 November 2015. Five of the matches were played in Helsinki, Finland, and one match in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden. Tournament was won by Sweden.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The Channel One Cup was played between 17–20 December 2015. Five of the matches were played in Russia, and one match in Czech Republic. Tournament was won by Czech Republic.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


2015 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia

The 2015 IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia became the 8th IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia, an annual international ice hockey tournament held by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). It took place between 14 and 19 March 2015 in Taipei City, Chinese Taipei.

Participants

The Division I competition will played between 18 and 25 April 2015 in Kuwait City, Kuwait.

Participants


2016–17 NLA season

The 2016–17 National League A season is the tenth ice hockey season of Switzerland's top hockey league, the National League A. Overall, it is the 79th season of Swiss professional hockey.

SC Bern is the defending champions.

On September 22, 2016, Fribourg-Gottéron's Gerd Zenhäusern was relieved of his duties of head coach after posting a 1-1-1-3 record through 6 games this season. It was later announced that Larry Huras would take over the job for the remainder of the season.

On October 1, 2016, the SCL Tigers fired head coach Scott Beattie after posting a 1-0-2-7 record through 10 games this season. He eventually went on to coach his final game that same day against EHC Kloten, which Langnau won 5-3. On October 2, 2016, it was announced that Heinz Ehlers would be Langnau's new head coach for the remainder of the season and through the 2017-18 season should the team stay in the NLA.

Lausanne is playing its final season at Malley before playing two seasons in a temporary arena which will be located in the old city's slaughterhouse. Meanwhile, their new 10,000-seat arena will be built on the site of the old Malley.

This is Fribourg's last season in the current BCF Arena before it undergoes major renovations in the spring of 2017, which will last for about two years and increase the capacity from 6,500 to 8,500. The team should still be able to play in the arena during the renovations.

John Gilliland

John Sanford Gilliland, Jr. (October 18, 1935 – July 27, 1998) spoke on the radio.  He made the "Pop Chronicles" music documentary, which told the story of popular music in America.  He was an original member of The Credibility Gap comedy group. He was born and died in  Quanah, Texas. He worked for radio stations in Texas and California including KOGO in San Diego (1961–1965), KRLA 1110 in Los Angeles (1965–1970), and KSFO (AM) in San Francisco (1971–1978).

Gilliland worked on his radio documentary, "The Pop Chronicles", for over two years. He interviewed many famous musicians. Then it was first broadcast in 1969. It covered popular music of the 1950s and 1960s. In 1969, KRLA and many other radio stations broadcast this show. This show can now be heard online.

At KSFO in San Francisco, he also produced and broadcast, beginning in 1972, "The Pop Chronicles 40’s". This show is about the popular music of the 1940s.

He edited and in 1994 published "Pop Chronicles: the 40's" as a four-cassette audiobook. This book was also called "The Big Band Chronicles". When he was retired, he still worked for KREB in Houston and KXIC in Quanah. He died in 1998. In 2003, Gilliland's sister donated the Pop Chronicles tapes to the University of North Texas Music Library.  They form The John Gilliland Collection.



Eva Vik

Eva Vik (born Eva Doležalová May 5, 1991) is a Czech filmmaker, film director, screenwriter, and producer, represented by Ridley Scott Creative Group worldwide. She is known for films such as Serpentine (2023), Raven (2022) and Carte Blanche (2019). She has been recognised with numerous film awards for her rapidly rising career including the Breakout Director's Award at the Hollywood Film Festival, the Audience Award and the Best Genre Award at the Mammoth Film Festival, and the Best Director at ISA. She was also awarded at Centre Pompidou for her Transformational Trilogy Sounds of Sun, Somnio, Samice in 2019. Moreover, her most recent film Serpentine(2023) has also been nominated for the X award at the Tribeca Film Festival. In 2021, Forbes magazine had also ranked Eva Vik among the 30 most influential people under 30.
At the age of 10, she began to take an interest in the world of cinema and theatre by taking part in local film productions and theatre plays where she had the opportunity to have roles and a first introduction to scriptwriting. These experiences then led her, at the age of 18, to enroll at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, allowing her to subsequently land roles in productions, some of which were directed by Shane Black or Mike Figgis. She then moved to Paris.

Eva Vik is a polyglot, she speaks English, French, Czech, Italian, and Polish.

In 2017, Eva Vik moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career as a screenwriter and director and made her first short film called Sound of Sun starring Sean Penn and Suki Waterhouse. 

Several other short films followed, including: "Carte Blanche" with Dylan Sprouse, Suki Waterhouse, and Jack Kilmer who won the Audience Award at the Mammoth Film Festival in 2019 and a Breakout Director Award at the Hollywood Film Festival in 2020. And "Maestro", with Clara McGregor and Karel Dobrý, which awarded her the Best Director Award and the Grand Jury Prize at the Independent Shorts Awards in 2021. 

In 2022 and 2023, Eva Vik wrote and directed two science fiction works: "Serpentine" featuring Barbara Palvin, Luke Brandon Field, and Soo Joo Park, which earned her a Premiere screening at the Tribeca Festival, a nomination for the Tribeca X Award and the award for best genre short film at the Mammoth Film Festival. And Raven, released by Vogue magazine which was awarded at the HollyShorts Oscar-Qualifying Film Festival in 2022.

Eva Vik directed two projects in collaboration with Bulgari, Serpentine, a short film starring Barbara Palvin, and a Bulgari Omnia campaign starring Cailee Spaeny who was awarded the Volpi Cup at the Venice Film Festival (2023).

Eva Vik announced, in an interview with LA Weekly in 2023, that she would henceforth bear the maiden name Vik of her maternal grandmother. Indeed, she declared that she no longer wanted to perpetuate the patronymic patriarchal tradition and give the strong women of her family the place they deserve.

Eva Vik is also, apart from her film activity, a philanthropist, committed to the protection of women and children who are victims of domestic violence all over the world through the White Ribbon Campaign.

2017 IIHF World U18 Championships

The 2017 IIHF U18 World Championship will be the 19th IIHF World U18 Championship, and will be hosted by Poprad and Spišská Nová Ves, Slovakia. The tournament will played 13 to 23 April 2017. Finland will enter the tournament as the defending champions.

The Division I A tournament will be played in Bled, Slovenia, from 7 to 13 April 2017.

The Division I B tournament will be played in Bled, Slovenia, from 15 to 21 April 2017.

The Division II A tournament will be played in Gangneung, South Korea, from 2 to 8 April 2017.

The Division II B tournament was played in Novi Sad, Serbia, from 13 to 19 March 2017.

The Division III A tournament will be played in Taipei, Taiwan, from 21 to 27 March 2017.

The Division III B tournament will be played in Querétaro, Mexico, from 17 to 19 March 2017.


GNU Anubis

GNU Anubis is an outgoing mail processor. It goes between the Mail User Agent (MUA) and the Mail transport agent (MTA), and can perform various sorts of processing and conversion on the outgoing mail in accord with the sender's specified rules, based on a configurable regular expressions system. It operates as a proxy server, independently from mail user agents.


2014–15 NHL season

The 2014–15 NHL season was the 98th season of operation (97th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Thirty teams competed. There were 82 games in the regular season from October 8, 2014 to June 15, 2015. The 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 15, 2015, and ended on June 15, 2015. The Tampa Bay Lightning won the Stanley Cup.


2013 World Junior A Challenge

The 2013 World Junior A Challenge was an international Junior "A" ice hockey tournament organized by Hockey Canada. It was hosted in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, from November 4–10, 2013, at the Mariners Centre. The event included the 9th annual Canadian Junior Hockey League Prospects Game Challenge, marking the third time the two events have been paired together.


Canada East, Canada West, Russia, United States, Switzerland, and Czech Republic all return.

All-Star Team

For the third consecutive year, the Canadian Junior Hockey League Prospects Game was a part of the WJAC festivities. Just like the previous four Prospects Games, the event was actually two "prospect" games with the President's Cup going to the winning goal aggregate.

Prospects East won their fourth President's Cup in nine years with an 8-4 aggregate victory (4-2, 4-2) over Prospects West.


2013 IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships

The 7th IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships took place in the SPART Complex in Goyang, South Korea from April 12 - 20, 2013. It was the first time that South Korea hosted the IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships. In the final, Canada defeated the United States 1-0, to win their third title. Russia defeated the Czech Republic 3-0 for the bronze medal.

2011–12 NLA season

The 2011–12 National League A season was the fifth ice hockey season of the National League A since the reorganization of the Swiss league. 12 teams participated in the league, which was won by EV Zug.

The bottom 4 teams of the National League A will compete in a losing team advances tournament to determine if they should stay in the League. The loser of this tournament will compete against the champions of the National League B to determine which league they will play in next season.

Ambrì-Piotta would later defeat SC Langenthal, Champions of the National League B, 4–1 to remain in the National League A

2013–14 NHL season

The 2013–14 NHL season was the 97th season of operation (96th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

This season had a realignment. The league's 30 teams changed from six divisions to four divisions. The regular season began October 1 and ended April 13. The 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs began April 16. For the first time since 1973, only one Canadian team made the playoffs: the Montreal Canadiens.

There was no all-star game this season, due to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. Prior to the season, the NHL, International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) and Olympic officials reached an agreement to send NHL players to the Olympics game. The league took a break on February 9 and resumed play on February 25.

The new divisions are:

Western Conference
Eastern Conference


2013–14 NLA season

The 2013–14 National League A season is the seventh ice hockey season of Switzerland's top hockey league, the National League A. Overall, it is the 76th season of Swiss professional hockey. It was won by ZSC Lions after beating Kloten Flyers 4-0 in the play offs.

After the 2012–13 season, SCL Tigers were defeated by Lausanne HC of National League B, switching places with them. The number of teams stands at 12.

Six games were played as part of the relegation round. Results from the regular season carried over.

The bottom two teams played in the final.


The bottom team from the relegation round, EHC Biel, played against HC Viège, the National League B champion, for the right to play in the 2014-15 NLA season.



2012–13 NHL season

The 2012–13 NHL season was the 96th season of operation (95th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

30 teams competed. There were 48 games. The regular season began on January 19, 2013 and ended on April 28, 2013. The season start was to begin on October 11, 2012 but was delayed due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout

The playoffs began on April 30, 2013. The Los Angeles Kings won the Stanley Cup on June 24, 2013 after defeating the Boston Bruins in seven games.


2014 Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2014 Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament was the first Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament, an annual event run by the Federación Deportiva de México de Hockey sobre Hielo. It took place in Mexico City, Mexico between March 2 and March 9, 2014. Canada won the tournament, winning all five of its game and defeating Mexico in the gold medal game. Colombia finished third place after defeating Argentina in the bronze medal game.







2011–12 NHL season

The 2011–12 NHL season was the 95th season of operation (94th season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL). Thirty teams competed. There were 82 games in the regular season from October 6, 2011 to April 7, 2012.

The 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 11, 2012. The Phoenix Coyotes won the Stanley Cup.

During the off-season, the Atlanta Thrashers relocated to Winnipeg, Manitoba, to become the Winnipeg Jets.


2015 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2015 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL) .

The Western Conference champion Chicago Blackhawks defeated the Eastern Conference champion Tampa Bay Lightning four games to two. This was the sixth championship for the Blackhawks.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

2014 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2014 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL)'s season.

The Western Conference champion Los Angeles Kings defeated the Eastern Conference champion New York Rangers four games to one. This was the second championship for the Los Angeles Kings.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

2013 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2013 Stanley Cup Final was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL) season. The Western Conference playoff champion Chicago Blackhawks defeated the Eastern Conference playoff champion Boston Bruins in six games. This was the fifth championship for the Blackhawks.

Due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout the 2013 Cup Finals began on June 12. The last game was June 24. This tied the , also impacted by a lockout, for the latest in June that the Stanley Cup was awarded.

In Game six, the Blackhawks were losing 2-1 with 76 seconds left in the third period. In 17 seconds, Bryan Bickell and then Dave Bolland scored to take the lead and win the series.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

Hoek van Holland Haven metro station

Hoek van Holland Haven ("Hook of Holland Harbour") is a railway station in the Netherlands. Trains used to connect with the Stena Line Dutchflyer boat service to Harwich International in England. This station is being converted into the Rotterdam Metro. Buses replace trains.

Dark web

The dark web is the world wide web content that exists on darknets. These are overlay networks which use the public internet but need specific software, configurations or authorization to access. The dark web is a small part of the deep web. The deep web is the part of the web not accessed by search engines. Sometimes the term "deep web" is wrongly used to refer to the dark web only.

The dark web includes small, friend-to-friend peer-to-peer networks, as well as large networks like Freenet, I2P, and Tor. Users of the dark web refer to the regular web as the clearnet because it is not encrypted. The Tor dark web may be referred to as onionland,

Vollèges

Vollèges was a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.
Vollèges, Le Levron, Chemin-Dessus, Vens, Etiez and Cries.


Bellwald

Bellwald is a municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Forever (Brooke Valentine song)

"Forever" is a song by Brooke Valentine. It was released in February 2012. The song's video premiered on 106 & Park on February 22, 2012.

Virtual image

In optics, a virtual image is an image formed when the outgoing rays from an object always diverge (move apart). A plane mirror forms a virtual image positioned behind the mirror. Light from the source only exists in front of the mirror. The image in a plane mirror appears to be as far behind the mirror as the object is in front of the mirror.

In contrast, a real image is one that is formed when the outgoing rays form a point converge at a real location. Real images can be projected onto a diffuse reflecting screen, but a screen is not necessary for the image to form.

2016 California Proposition 64

The Adult Use of Marijuana Act (also known as AUMA or Proposition 64) was a 2016 voter initiative that legalized Cannabis in California. The full name of the measure was the "Control, Regulate and Tax Adult Use of Marijuana Act". A similar initiative was on the ballot in 2010, Proposition 19. It did not pass. The initiative passed with 56% voter approval and became law on November 9, 2016.

The initiative made recreational cannabis legal for anyone over the age of 21. It also allowed people to grow marijuana plants and sell them. The state would then be able to tax the sale of purchase of the substance.

AUMA allows adults to carry up to an ounce of marijuana. They can also grow up to six marijuana plants in their home. Marijuana packaging would be required to provide the net weight, origin, age, and type of the product, as well as how much of tetrahydrocannabinol, cannabidiol, and other cannabinoids are in the product. It must also provide any information about if any pesticides were used during the production.

Smoking marijuana in public is still illegal, and anyone caught doing so will have to pay a $100 fine. Driving under the influence of marijuana is also still illegal. The penalty for unlicensed sale of marijuana is now reduced from four years in state prison to six months in county jail.

60% of the revenue from the new cannabis taxes is going towards to youth programs, 20% to environmental damage cleanup, and 20% to public safety.

The results were determined on 8 November 2016.


Novolac

Novolac is a high type cyclic steroid hormone found in plants. The discovery of this substance led to creation of velox photographic paper which is an indigenous substance for making of print paper.

Marxism–Leninism

Marxism–Leninism was practiced by the Soviet Union (USSR) after the Bolshevik Revolution. It was also practiced by the Stalinists in the USSR. 
The purpose of Marxism–Leninism is to turn a capitalist state into a socialist state. This is done by a revolution by the proletariat to overthrow the old government. The new government then creates a "dictatorship of the proletariat". This new government leads the country based on democratic centralism.

The communist party is supposed to lead society from capitalism to socialism. According to ML, socialism was more "advanced" than capitalism, but communism would be more "advanced" than socialism. Indeed, ML is supposed to provide only a first step: from capitalism to socialism, on the way to a communist society with no class or state..

Today, the only remaining countries that claim adherence to Marxism-Leninism are: China, Cuba, Vietnam, and Laos, with North Korea moving to its own political philosophy, Juche, though the ideology was also influenced by Marxism-Leninism.

Lenin introduced the NEP in 1921 because Russia was in a state of collapse.

Marxism–Leninism is an extension of Leninism. It developed as a form of Marxism with adaptations from the works and theories of Vladimir Lenin and Joseph Stalin. Mao Zedong has also made contributions to Marxism–Leninism through Maoism.

Mahesh Chandra Mehta

Mahesh Chandra Mehta, born on 12 October 1946, is a public interest attorney from India. He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1996 for his legal work against pollution-causing industries. He received the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Asia for Public Service in 1997. The Government of India awarded him the civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2016.

Dairy farming

Dairy farming is a type of agriculture that is focused on producing milk. This is different from raising animals to produce meat. Milk can be used to produce dairy products, including cheese. Species commonly used are cows (so-called dairy cows), but goats, sheep and camels are also used. Sometimes donkeys are used to produce an alternative to cows' milk for babies. Some babies can digest donkeys' milk better than cows' milk.

Producing milk has been part of farming since prehistoric times. In the 20th century, farmers have become more specialized. Some farmers started with farms that only produce milk.

Mambru Went to War

Mambru Went to War ("Mambrú se fue a la guerra" in Spanish) is a 1986 Spanish dramatic-black comedy movie. Fernando Fernán Gómez both directed and starred in the movie.

The news of the death of Francisco Franco has special meaning to the family of Florentina. The family includes her daughter Encarna, her son Hilario, and her grandchildren Juanita and Manolín. At the same time, Florentina tells the rest of the family that her husband Emiliano is still alive. He was thought to have died in the Spanish Civil War. He actually spent the time hidden at their family home.



Binn

Binn (Walliser German: "Bìi") is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

The Binn valley is known for its rich mineral deposits, some types of which are unique to the area. The notable Lengenbach Quarry is in Binn.


Blitzingen

Blitzingen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Bodme, Wiler, Ammern, Gadmen and Blitzingen.


The Many Adventures of Mr. Mailman

The Many Adventures of Mr. Mailman is an American-British television series is an Sprout from July 3, 2006 until December 20, 2010. which premiered on United States on Sprout on July 3, 2006. as postman vehicle most Sprout shows, as an Sprout-programming block. Similar to Roary the Racing Car, Mopatop's Shop, Fifi and the Flowertots and Driver Dan's Story Train on Sprout. The Many Adventures of Mr. Mailman is a vehicle postman car post for children in the 2006 year old age group. The series uses postman mail carrier vehicle and car to bus, car, postman car and police car.

This is stills channels on United States on Sprout on July 3, 2006.

Mr. Mailman is a postman.

Yr. Police is a police car.

Ukraine International Airlines

Ukraine International Airlines is the flag carrier of Ukraine. The airline began in 1992, after Ukraine became an independent country from the Soviet Union. It started flying cargo in 1994. It flies mostly Boeing 737 airplanes. It goes from Ukraine to Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Commonwealth of Independent States. 74% of the airline owned by Ukraine and 26% is owned by Cyprus. 

MAX Linux

MaX: Madrid_Linux is an operating system of the Ministry of Education and Employment of the Community of Madrid, specially adapted for using it in primary and secondary schools, due to its simplicity, robustness and included data collection software.

Even the second version was based on Knoppix, a distribution based on Debian GNU/Linux. The current version of MaX (MaX 9.5, is based on Ubuntu 16.04.4 LTS) is specially designed for using it in the educational environment as a system for teacher or student. However, it can also be used by the users of personal computers. In addition, it comes ready to be installed and used, and is equipped with multimedia and variety of programs on three desktops: GNOME, KDE and Xfce. In any case, it can be fully used in "live" mode, that is to say, directly from the DVD without having it installed on the hard disk.

Its explicit are:

The installation disc is a DVD that can be used "en vivo" (live) before installing MaX on the hard disk, that is to say, from the DVD drive. Besides, even if the opposite is claimed, these programs can be installed if the computer has the access to the Internet, so that you can test the applications that do not come installed on the live system. There is yet another way to use live MaX version installed accessibility. In the guide mentioned before installation you can find a lot of useful information about the facilities.

On the other hand, the installation for desktop MaX is even easier than Ubuntu, because a username is needed. All versions of MaX always have two users incorporated: "student" and "Madrid". The first is intended, of course, for students, and has fewer privileges on the system that the user "Madrid has", but this is not the root user or system administrator. In short, when entering the "Madrid" system,the user has to type his or her username and "cmadrid" (the letter ce + "madrid") and password. This has always been so in MaX, but you can change passwords once inside the system, and can also create new users, for those who have to choose the privileges they have. What I have done from the beginning was to stay as the user "madrid", and whenever you need to get access as an administrator, click "cmadrid" password, which is also the root.

MaX desktop is highlighted with a bright blue background and a rounded image resembling the terrestrial sphere. This is the "GNOME" desktop, which MaX used as principal, but you can login with the other two desktops: "KDE" and "XFace". This requires logout (not restart) and re-enter after choosing another desk in the "Session menu", which is done in seconds. But the three desks maintain the same background and the panel bar at the bottom of the screen. In addition, programs are the same in all three desks, with some changes that depend on the chosen desktop. Actually, it could be using a desk with other programs.

The programs that MaX Linux contains are distributed as follows:


Nouvelle cuisine

Nouvelle cuisine (French, "new cuisine") is an approach to cooking and food presentation in French cuisine. In contrast to the older haute cuisine, nouvelle cuisine has lighter, more delicate dishes, and pretty presentation. It started in Paris in the 1970s, and by the 1980s was seen in London and New York. The movement is now almost worldwide.

The reasons are connected with modern business life, where long two-hour lunches are a thing of the past. Also, customers began to look for lighter food menus. Food critics Henri Gault and his colleagues André Gayot and Christian Millau put out a new restaurant guide, the "Gault-Millau", or "Le Nouveau Guide".

Gault and Millau listed ten characteristics of this new style of cooking. They were:

However, the term "nouvelle cuisine" has been used several times in the history of French cuisine.

In the 1730s and 1740s, several French writers emphasized their break with tradition. They called their cooking "modern" or "new". In 1742 Menon introduced the term "nouvelle cuisine" as the title of the third volume of his "Nouveau traité". François Marin worked in the same tradition.

In the 1880s and 1890s, the cooking of Georges Auguste Escoffier was sometimes described as "nouvelle cuisine".

Afonso Africano (epic poem)

Afonso Africano is an epic poem by Portuguese poet Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo e Castelo Branco. It was first published in 1611. It is composed of twelve cantos. It is written in ottava rima which in Portugal is known as oitava rima. This stanza is made up of eight lines and rhymes abababcc. The same was earlier used by Luís de Camões in his Lusiads. Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo's poem narrates about Portuguese king Afonso who was called The African. In the poem his expedition to Morocco, the war and the sieges of Arzilla and Tanger are described. The first stanza is typical for Renaissance epic poems.

Sumitra Mahajan

Sumitra Mahajan (born 12 April 1943) is an Indian politician and 16th Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 5 June 2014 to 19 June 2019. She is a member of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party.In 2014 she got elected 8 times and she is currently the longest serving women member. She also served as the Union Minister. Sumitra Mahajan is the second longest serving women speaker after Meira Kumar.

Sumitra Mahajan was born in Chitpavan Brahmin family in Chiplun, Maharashtra on 11 April 1943. She married Jayant Mahajan of Indore. She received MA and LLB after marriage from the Indore University.

Sumitra became the first Indian women to represent the same Lok sabha constituency on the same party eight times in a row.Her record was included in the LIMCA book.

Kingdom of Galicia

The Kingdom of Galicia (; ; ; ) was a political entity (a state) in southwestern Europe.

Galicia was part of the Kingdom of the Spanish Visigoths from 585 to 711. In the 8th century Galicia became a part of the newly founded Christian kingdoms of the northwest of the peninsula, Asturias and León. Sometimes it got independence under its own kings. 

Compostela became capital of Galicia in the 11th century. The independence of Portugal (1128) made its southern boundary. The accession of the Castilian King Ferdinand III to the Leonese kingdom in 1230 brought Galicia under the control of the Crown of Castile. The kingdom of Galicia was now a political division in the larger realm.

Sikandar Lodi

Sikandar Lodi was the Sultan of Delhi and second ruler of the Lodi dynasty after Bahlul Lodi. He was the most successful sultan of the Lodi dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate. Sikandar Lodi ruled the sultanate from 17 July 1489 to 21 November 1517.

Sikandar Lodi was born to the first sultan of the Lodi dynasty Bahlul Lodi and Bibi Ambha, daughter of a Hindu goldsmith, in 1458.After he became the ruler he proved that he is an ablest ruler. He encouraged trade across his territories. He conquered Gwalior from the Rajputs in 1490 and Bihar from the rebellious Afghan chiefs in the region.

Sikandar Lodi constructed the present day city of Agra. He wrote Persian poetry using the pen name "Gulrukhi". Sikandar enlarged his territories in his sultanate that extended from the region of Punjab to Bengal and the territories between River Satluj and Bundelkhand region.

He died on November 21 1517 and was buried in the Lodi Gardens located in Delhi.

Talca Province

Talca Province () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). Its capital and the largest city is Talca.

The Talca province has an area of , the second largest province, after the Linares province, in the Maule region. The provincial capital, Talca, is about south of Santiago.

The province is bordered to the north by the Curicó province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Linares and the Cauquenes provinces and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 352,966 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 266,742 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Talca, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 189,505.

As a province, Talca is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 10 communes ("comunas"). The city of Talca serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Gertrude Bell

Gertrude Margaret Lowthian Bell CBE (14 July 1868 – 12 July 1926) was a British archaeologist, traveller, and diplomat.

She explored and mapped countries in the Middle East. She influenced British imperial policy-making with her knowledge and contacts. Bell travelled mainly in Greater Syria, Mesopotamia, Asia Minor, and Arabia.

Gertrude's father was Hugh Bell (later Sir Hugh Bell, 2nd Baronet). Gertrude Bell was the oldest of her father's five children, and his only daughter. Gertrude's mother was Bell's first wife, Mary. Theirs was a rich family. Hugh Bell worked in the iron industry, and his own father had been the industrialist Sir Isaac Lowthian Bell, 1st Baronet.

Gertrude Bell grew up at Red Barns, her father's house near Redcar in County Durham. Gertrude's mother Mary Bell died in 1871, after she gave birth to her son Maurice. Mary's death made Gertrude unhappy but also made her more independent. She had a close connection with her father. He married Gertrude's step-mother Florence Olliffe in 1876, and together they had Gertrude's three step-siblings: Hugh Lowthian; Florence Elsa; and Mary Katharine. Gertrude was very good at all kinds of things: she was good at sport, she was good at school, and she was funny and clever in conversation. Her school was Queen's College, London. In April 1886, Bell started studying at Lady Margaret Hall (a college of the University of Oxford). She studied for seven hours every day and did all kinds of sports. She was friends with Janet E. Courtney (then Janet Hogarth) and Edith Langridge. Bell graduated in 1888, with a first-class bachelor's degree in Modern History. After this she went on a tour of Europe.

Bell was in Bucharest in 1888 and 1889, where she lived with Frank Lascelles: he was the brother-in-law of Bell's stepmother Florence. Lascelles was the British diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Romania. There Bell met Valentine Chirol, the journalist for "The Times" in the area. Through Chirol, Bell met Charles Hardinge and started to learn about diplomacy between the Great Powers. Bell returned to Britain in 1899, after first going to Constantinople. For three years she did charity work and was part of the London "season" in the summers.


Orchard Island, Ohio

Orchard Island is an unincorporated community and tourist area located in Washington and Stokes townships, Logan County, Ohio, United States. Orchard Island is part of an island chain which includes the southeastern shore of Indian Lake, north of Russells Point. Orchard Island is the largest of the nearby islands. These include Wolfe, Fox, Willow Bank, and Crystal Beach.

Ernen

Ernen (Walliser German: "Ärne", ) is a municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005, the former municipalities of Ausserbinn, Ernen, Mühlebach and Steinhaus merged into the municipality of Ernen.

In 1997, Ernen was awarded the Wakker Prize for the preservation of its architectural heritage.


Theory of mind

Theory of mind is the ability to understand that other people have their own minds with their personal state of knowledge, their personal beliefs, wishes and intentions, and that these may differ from one's own mind. Autistic people typically show an impaired ability to recognize other people's minds. They experience difficulties with explaining and predicting other people’s behaviour. This leads to problems in social communication and interaction. Children on the autistic spectrum usually develop the theory of mind more slowly than other children. They have difficulties with it throughout their lives. However, autistic people's performance on theory of mind tasks varies.

For testing whether someone lacks the theory of mind, the "Sally-Anne" test is performed. The child sees the following story: Sally and Anne are playing. Sally puts her ball into a basket and leaves the room. While Sally is gone, Anne moves the ball from the basket to the box. Now Sally returns. The question is: where will Sally look for her ball? The test is passed, if the child correctly assumes that Sally will look in the basket. The test is failed if the child thinks that Sally will look in the box. Children below the age of four as well as older autistic children typically fail this test.


Fiesch

Fiesch is a municipality in Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is at the foot of the Eggishorn mountain.

Fiesch has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its view of the Jungfrau-Aletsch Protected Area.


Fieschertal

Fieschertal is a village and municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Grafschaft

Grafschaft was a municipality of the district Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001, the former municipalities of Biel, Ritzingen and Selkingen merged into the municipality of Grafschaft and On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Grafschaft, Blitzingen, Münster-Geschinen, Niederwald and Reckingen-Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Goms.


Lax, Switzerland

Lax is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Niederwald, Switzerland

Niederwald was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Secession in the United States

Secession in the United States refers mainly to state secession. It applies to the outbreak of the American Civil War when on December 20, 1860, South Carolina officially declared their secession from the United States. It was followed four months later by the states of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Texas and Louisiana. These initial seven seceding states formed the Confederate States of America based in Montgomery, Alabama. Then, on April 12, 1861, hostilities began at Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina. After this, the states of Virginia (except the northwestern counties), Arkansas, Tennessee, and North Carolina joined the Confederacy. The capital was then moved Richmond, Virginia. The Northern and Border states remained with the Union.

In 1860, secession was not a new threat. It had been discussed as early as 1776 when the Continental Congress wanted to tax all of the colonies based on a population count that included slaves. South Carolina threatened to separate themselves from the other 12 colonies over the issue. From then until the outbreak of the American Civil War, anytime a minority sectional dispute came up (often over slavery) the threat of secession would be used. It was a matter of concern when the Constitutional Convention met in 1787 in Philadelphia. Secession was closely tied to the thinking of members of the Whig party. Their thinking was that rebellion (such as in 1776) was a right of a state against any form of despotic government.

When the South seceded in 1860-61, one argument was that in 1776, when the thirteen Colonies rebelled against Great Britain, it was a secession. Others argued the two situations were very different. The thirteen colonies revolted against Great Britain, they did not secede from it. What resulted was the American Revolutionary War. It can also be argued that the Southern states were revolting against the Union. Each of the colonies was regarding itself as a sovereign state and was waging a war of independence in cooperation with twelve other sovereign nations.

Following the war, scholars disagreed on what caused the Civil War. The disagreements still go on today. Many said that slavery was the main cause of the war. The Southern states wanted to continue it while the Northern states wanted to stop it. Others say slavery was not the main issue. They point to states' rights and taxation as leading causes.

Each state that seceded wrote an "Article of Secession" formally declaring they were leaving the Union. Four states, Texas, Mississippi, Georgia and South Carolina, added a "Declarations of Causes." These were written to explain the reasons for leaving in more detail.

Georgia gave the following reasons why they were dissolving their connections to the United States. These included:





In their declaration of causes, Mississippi wrote that slavery was necessary for their commerce. They added, only the black man can work in our hot climate. The North gives us only two choice: either abolishing slavery and suffering complete ruin or seceding from the Union. Included in their reasons were:







South Carolina gave its reasons for seceding in its Declaration of Immediate Causes which was adopted on 24 December 1860. The reasons included:







Texas became a state on December 29, 1845 with the assurances of becoming an equal state in the Union and was accepted with her own constitution. That constitution protected and maintained the institution known as slavery. Texas gave up a being a sovereign country to join the United States to promote the welfare, security and liberty of her people. Her declaration of causes included: 






Curicó Province

Curicó Province () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). Its capital and largest city is Curicó.

The Curicó province has an area of , the third largest province in the Maule region. The provincial capital, Curicó, is about south of Santiago.

The province is bordered to the northwest by the Cardenal Caro province (O'Higgins region), to the north by the Colchagua province (O'Higgins region), to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Talca provinces and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 244,053 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 157,876 persons ( of the total).

The largest city of the province is Curicó, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 93,447.

As a province, Curicó is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 9 communes ("comunas"). The city of Curicó serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



My Own Prison

My Own Prison is the first studio album by Creed. The album was released on August 26, 1997 through Wind-up Records. It reached multiple platinum sales.

Magnús Scheving

Magnús Örn Eyjólfsson Scheving (born 10 November 1964) is an Icelandic writer, actor, producer, entrepreneur, and athlete. He is the creator, CEO & Co-founder of Lazytown Entertainment, from which he is the creator and co-star of the children's television show "LazyTown", in which he starred as Sportacus.

ISIPCA

Institut supérieur international du parfum, de la cosmétique et de l'aromatique alimentaire (ISIPCA) is a renowned graduate cosmetics school in France. It is in a campus of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages.

Research activities at ISIPCA relate to the following topics:


South African Border War

The South African Border War refers to the conflict that took place from 1966 to 1990 primarily in South West Africa (now Namibia) between South Africa on one side and the South-West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO) and its allies on the other.
The roots of the conflict can be traced back to World War I, when South Africa invaded and conquered the colony of German South West Africa on behalf of the British Empire and the other Allies of World War I. In the aftermath of the German defeat, the League of Nations awarded South Africa a mandate to administer the territory until its inhabitants were ready to govern themselves. 

Following World War II, South Africa refused to surrender South West Africa to a proposed United Nations Trusteeship agreement and instead requested the right to annex it as a fifth province. Steps were taken to integrate South-West Africa into South Africa, including giving the local white population the right to elect representatives to the Parliament of South Africa. 

In 1962, SWAPO was formed to resist South African rule and petition for South West African independence. With support from the Soviet Union, SWAPO began training guerrillas and from 1966 onwards frequently clashed with the South African police and army. The war entered a new phase in 1975, when Angola gained independence and its new communist government began providing support to the guerrillas. South African troops launched raids into Angola to destroy SWAPO bases, which led to battles with the Angolan army. Cuba, which had sent troops to bolster the Angolan government, was directly involved in some of these battles. 

In 1988, South Africa, Angola, and Cuba signed a Tripartite Accord committing them to peace. Cuba agreed to withdraw from Angola if South Africa withdrew from South West Africa and granted that territory independence. South-West Africa gained independence as Namibia in early 1990.

Lindisfarne Castle

Lindisfarne Castle is a castle on Holy Island, near Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland, England. The island is accessible from the mainland at low tide by means of a causeway. A fort was built here in 1550 during the time of Henry VIII. About 20 years later it was replaced by a stone fortress. It was abandoned in 1893 and afterwards used as a lookout by the Coastguard. In 1903, repair work started to change the fortress into a home by the new owner, Edward Hudson. In 1944, it was donated to the National Trust.

Curicó

Curicó is a Chilean city and commune in the Maule Region, in the Chilean Central Valley. Curicó is the capital city of the province of Curicó.

Curicó means, in Mapudungun, "Land of Black Water".
Curicó was founded on 9 October 1743 by José Manso de Velasco when Chile was a Spanish colony with the name "San José de Buena Vista".
In 1747, the Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas moved the city about to the north, where it is now on the foot of the Buena Vista hill (now called "Cerro Condell"), because the original place was too humid.

Curicó got the title of "city" in 1830. The city was destroyed by an earthquake in 1928 and rebuilt during the following year. It was badly damaged in the earthquake of February 2010.

 (last national census), there were 119,585 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 100,506 persons ( of the total).

The people from Curicó are called "Curican" (in Spanish: "Curicanos" for men and "Curicanas" for women).

The commune has an area of and the city proper, .

The city of Curicó is at south of Santiago and .

The rivers Guaiquillo and Mataquito are the main rivers that flow through the commune. Most of the territory of the commune is within the central plain ("Valle Central de Chile"). The valley is between low mountains to the west and east.

The commune of Curicó is bordered on the west by Rauco; on the north by Teno; on the east, by Romeral, and on the south, by Molina and Sagrada Familia.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Curicó is a "dry-summer subtropical climate" (also known as Mediterranean Climate) and of the subtype "Csb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Curicó is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Curicó is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The city's economy is based mainly on agriculture, because the Mediterranean climate creates comparative advantages with markets such as apples, wines, and cherries.



Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo

Vasco Mouzinho de Quevedo (or Quebedo, 16th/17th century) was a Portuguese poet. Little is known about his personal life. He studied law at the University of Coimbra. He wrote lyrical poems, for example sonnets, but is best known fo his epic works. One of them is "Discurso sobre a Vida e Morte de Santa Isabel Rainha de Portugal" that was published in Lisbon in 1596. The greatest work by the poet is Afonso Africano, an epic poem in ottava rima (1611).


Lyudmila Pavlichenko

Lyudimila Mykhailivna Pavlichenko (12 July 1916 10 October 1974 was a Soviet sniper. She shot German soldiers in World War 2. She was one of the top military snipers of all time, and is credited with 309 kills. She was the most successful female sniper in history.

Institut des sciences et techniques des Yvelines

Institut des sciences et techniques des Yvelines (ISTY) is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degree :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages.

Research activities at ISTY relate to the following topics:


2016 clown sightings

The 2016 clown sightings are reports of people dressed up as evil clowns scaring and stalking passersby, such as near forests and schools. and other clown-related businesses have been affected. This was a case of mass hysteria with some marketing and a lot of social media.

In 2013, the fad started when a "creepy clown" known as the Wasco Clown started stalking people and causing terror in the entire town since around September or October 2013.

A clown was in Orono standing in a neighborhood for 15 minutes. Other towns reported seeing clowns.

Trident

A trident is a three-pronged spear. It is used for spearfishing. Historically it was used as a polearm. Gladiators used them in Ancient Rome after they cast a net to trap their opponent. The trident is the weapon of Poseidon, or Neptune, the god of the sea in classical mythology. In Hindu mythology it is the weapon of Shiva, known as "trishula" (Sanskrit for "triple-spear"). The word "trident" comes from the French word "trident", which in turn comes from the Latin word "tridens". 

Mary Anna Custis Lee

Mary Anna Randolph Custis Lee (1 October 1808 – 5 November 1873) was the wife of Confederate Army military officer Robert E. Lee. She was also his third cousin. They married at her parents' home, and had seven children together.

She was born in Clarke County, Virginia on 1 October 1808; although her birth appears in the Custis family Bible and in records kept by her mother to have happened in 1807. She was born at the Annefield plantation when her mother's coach stopped there during a journey. She was well educated, having learned both Latin and Greek.

She liked talking about politics with her father and later her husband. She kept current with all the new literature. After her father died, she edited and published his writings as "Recollections and Private Memoirs of Washington, by his adopted son George Washington Parke Custis, with a Memoir of this Author by his Daughter" in 1859.

She was a small but spirited woman. She knew her third cousin, Robert E. Lee, since childhood. She also dated Governor of Texas, Sam Houston.

Mary and Robert were married at her parents' home, Arlington House, on 30 June 1831. They had three sons and four daughters together: George Washington Custis "Custis", William H. Fitzhugh "Rooney", Robert Edward Jr., Mary, Eleanor Agnes (called Agnes), Anne, and Mildred Lee.

When the American Civil War began, her husband Robert and their sons were all called to service in Virginia. She didn't evacuate her home until 15 May 1861. Robert wrote to his wife saying:

War is inevitable, and there is no telling when it will burst around you . . . You have to move and make arrangements to go to some point of safety which you must select. The Mount Vernon plate and pictures ought to be secured. Keep quiet while you remain, and in your preparations . . . May God keep and preserve you and have mercy on all our people.

After the war, the Lees lived in Powhatan County for a short time before moving to Lexington. Robert E. Lee would become the president of the Washington College. Mary Anna Custis Lee visited her old home, the Arlington House, one last time in 1873.She hardly recognized the estate except for a few old oaks and some of the trees that she and Robert had planted.

She eventually got severe rheumatoid arthritis. Mary Anna Custis Lee died at 66 years old. She is buried next to her husband at the Lee family crypt at Lee Chapel on the campus of Washington and Lee University.


Fred Hampton

Fred Hampton was a member of the Black Panther Party (BPP) in Chicago, Illinois. He was the chairman of the Illinois chapter of the BBP and the deputy chairman of the national BPP. He is mainly known for the way he died in 1969, aged 21. His apartment was raided on December 4th. In a gun battle lasting 20 minutes, Hampton was shot. Mark Clark, was also killed and four other Panthers were wounded. In spite of a ballistics report that showed the 14 police officers fired almost all the bullets in the raid, a grand jury failed to indict anyone. Hampton’s family later filed a civil suit, eventually winning the case with a $1.8 million settlement. The background and events of Hampton's death have been made into several documentary movies.


Patrick De Lacey

Captain Patrick DeLacy (November 25, 1835 – April 27, 1915) was an American soldier. He fought in the American Civil War. DeLacy received the Medal of Honor. It is the United States highest award for bravery in combat. He got the medal for his action during the Battle of the Wilderness in Virginia on 6 May 1864. He was given the award on 24 April 1894.

DeLacy was born in Carbondale, Pennsylvania on 25 November 1835. He enlisted into the 143rd Pennsylvania Infantry. He was promoted from private to sergeant major to lieutenant before he got out of the army in June, 1865. He was promoted to the rank of Captain after he died and after the war on June 8, 1987. This was due to the work of Elizabeth Hicks Jaquinot. He died on 27 April 1915 and his remains are interred at Saint Catherine's Cemetery in Moscow, Pennsylvania. He got his Medal of Honor on 6 May 1864 when he shot a Confederate color bearer and took the flag of the 1st South Carolina Infantry regiment.


Norman F. Bates

Norman Francis Bates (November 6, 1839 - October 16, 1915) was an American soldier. He got the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War. The Medal of Honor is the highest military award of the United States.

Bates served in the American Civil War. He was in the 4th Iowa Cavalry for the Union Army. He got the Medal of Honor on June 17, 1865 for his actions at Columbus, Georgia.

Citation:

Capture of flag and bearer


Carbondale, Pennsylvania

Carbondale is a city in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania. Carbondale is located in Northeastern Pennsylvania. It is about 15 miles northeast of Scranton. The population was 8,828 at the 2020 census.

The land area that became Carbondale was developed by William and Maurice Wurts. They were the founders of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company. The company mined anthracite coal mining in the early 19th century. Carbondale was the site of the first deep vein anthracite coal mine in the United States. It was also a major terminal of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad.


