Jerome Powell

Jerome Hayden Powell (born February 4, 1953) is an American lawyer. He is the 16th and current Chair of the Federal Reserve since February 2018 and a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors and has served since 2012 upon being nominated by President Barack Obama.

On November 2, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Powell to serve as the next Chair of the Federal Reserve. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 31, 2018 and took office on February 5, 2018.

Powell was born in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Princeton University and at Georgetown University. In 1975-1976, he spent a year as a legislative assistant to Senator Richard Schweiker of Pennsylvania.

From 1984 to 1990, Powell worked at Dillon, Read & Co.. Between 1990 and 1993, Powell worked in the United States Department of the Treasury, at which time Nicholas F. Brady, the former chairman of Dillon, Read & Co., was the United States Secretary of the Treasury. In 1992, Powell became the Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance after being nominated by George H. W. Bush.

In 1993, Powell began working as a managing director for Bankers Trust, but he quit in 1995. Powell founded Severn Capital Partners, a private investment firm focused on specialty finance and opportunistic investments in the industrial sector.

In December 2011, Powell was nominated to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors by President Barack Obama. He took office on May 25, 2012. In January 2014, he was nominated for another term, and, in June 2014, he was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 67-24 vote for a 14-year term ending January 31, 2028. His nomination was confirmed by the Senate on January 23, 2018 by a 85-12 vote.

On November 2, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Powell to serve as the Chair of the Federal Reserve. On January 31, 2018, Powell was confirmed by the United States Senate.

With his term as chair expiring in February 2022, many Democrats began wanting President Joe Biden to pick a replacement. Powell was renominated for a second term by President Joe Biden on November 22, 2021. His nomination for another term as chair was confirmed by the full U.S. Senate on May 12, 2022 in an 80-19 vote.

In 1985, Powell married Ellissa Leonard. They have three children.

Powell's net worth is estimated to be in a range between $4.7 million and $55 million.


Brad Bufanda

Brad Bufanda (Fred Joseph Bufanda III; May 4, 1983 – November 1, 2017) was an American actor. He was best known for his self-made internet videos. He was born in Upland, California. His career began in 1995. While in middle school he appeared on the ABC television series "Roseanne" and "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper". He was best known for his role as David in "A Cinderella Story".

Bufanda played Felix Toombs in the series "Veronica Mars" and was also featured in the movie. He starred in the Cinemax series "Co-Ed Confidential" from 2008-2010.

Bufanda committed suicide on November 1, 2017 at the age of 34 by jumping off of his residential tower in the Park La Brea apartment community of Los Angeles, California.

Václav Riedlbauch

Václav Riedlbauch (1 April 1947 – 3 November 2017) was a Czech composer, pedagogue and manager. He was the Minister of Culture in the government of Jan Fischer (2009–2010). He was born in Dýšina. He was program director at the Prague Congress Centre.

From 2001 until his death, he was the Director General of the Czech Philharmonic. He was a professor at the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague.

Riedlbauch died of complications from COPD in Prague on 3 November 2017 at the age of 70.


Hussain Muhammad Ershad

Hussain Muhammad Ershad ( "Hussein Muhammad Ershad", 1 February 1930 – 14 July 2019) was a Bangladeshi politician. He served as the 10th President of Bangladesh from 1983 to 1990. He was the founder of the Jatiyo Party, currently the second-largest party in the Jatiyo Sangshad.

Ershad was twice honoured as a United Nations Laureate, for his works on population and environmental issues.

Ershad died on 14 July 2019 at a military hospital in Dhaka from myelodysplastic syndrome, aged 89.


Shahabuddin Ahmed

Shahabuddin Ahmed (1 February 1930 – 19 March 2022) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the 12th President of Bangladesh two times from 1990 until 1991 and from 1996 until 2001. He also served as the Chief Justice of the country from 1990 until 1995.

Ahmed took over the office of President after a popular uprising against President Hussain Muhammad Ershad in 1991. Afterwards, he returned to his duties as the Chief Justice following the amendment. Later, he served as the President from 1996 to 2001. During his first time in the Presidential office, he served as Acting President. Later when he again took over the office in 1996 he became the 12th President.

In February 2022, Ahmed was hospitalized in Dhaka, Bangladesh for an old age-related illness. He died on 19 March 2022 at the age of 92.

Muhammad Jamiruddin Sircar

Muhammad Jamiruddin Sircar (born 1 December 1931) is a Bangladeshi barrister and politician. He was born in Tetulia, Panchagarh, Bengal Presidency, British India. He served as the acting President of Bangladesh in 2002. He served as the speaker of the Parliament of Bangladesh. He is one of the founding members of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and was a member of the standing committee.

Gyalo Thondup

Gyalo Thondup (), (born c.1928) is the second-eldest brother of the 14th Dalai Lama. He often acted as the Dalai Lama's unofficial ambassador, and was involved in many political controversies around the Tibetan society. 

In recent years, Thondup has repeatedly said that the only way to achieve progress is with China. In 1998, the Central Tibetan Administration (the political arm of the Dalai Lama's anti-China diaspora faction) criticized Thondup for not letting the Dalai Lama know about the CIA's involvement in Tibet.

Frederica Wilson

Frederica Smith Wilson (born Frederica Patricia Smith; November 5, 1942) is an American politician. She has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since 2011. Wilson's congressional district—numbered the 17th during her first two years in Congress, and the 24th since 2013.

She gained national attention in early 2012 as a result of her high-profile comments on the death of Trayvon Martin.

Wilson is a member of the Democratic Party.



A. Q. M. Badruddoza Chowdhury

Abul Qasim Muhammad Badruddoza Chowdhury (born 11 October 1930) was the 13th President of Bangladesh, serving from 14 November 2001 until his resignation on 21 June 2002. He was the founding secretary-general of Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP).

He is also a known physician, and former cultural activist, an author, essayist, playwright, television presenter and an orator of distinction.

Renzo Calegari

Renzo Calegari (5 September 1933 – 5 November 2017) was an Italian comics artist. He was born in Genoa, Italy. His best known work was the long lasting comic book series "Storia del West", which run from 1967 until 1980, and for which he illustrated many stories.

Calegari died on 5 November 2017 in Chiavari, Italy of complications from a stroke at the age of 84.


William Deane

Sir William Patrick Deane (born 4 January 1931) is an Australian lawyer and judge. He served as the 22nd Governor-General of Australia, in office from 1996 to 2001. He was appointed to the Supreme Court of New South Wales in 1977, and later that year was also appointed to the Federal Court of Australia. He was a Justice of the High Court of Australia from 1982 to 1995.

Deane had a low profile during his five-year term, having no major constitutional issues, but did become notice by the global scale by officially opening the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Deane was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) on 10 August 1982, a few weeks after being appointed to the High Court.


Bill Hayden

William George "Bill" Hayden (23 January 1933 – 21 October 2023) was an Australian politician. He served as the 21st Governor-General of Australia, in office from 1989 to 1996. He had been leader of the Labor Party from 1977 to 1983, as well serving as a cabinet minister in the Whitlam and Hawke Governments.

Hayden was elected to the House of Representatives when he was 28 years old. He replaced Jim Cairns as Treasurer in 1975, but served for only five months. 

In early 1977, Hayden challenged Whitlam for the party leadership and was defeated by just two votes. He replaced Whitlam as Leader of the Opposition at the end of the year when Whitlam resigned as a result of Labor's defeat at the 1977 election. He was replaced by Bob Hawke in 1983.

John K. Singlaub

John Kirk Singlaub (July 10, 1921 – January 29, 2022) was an American OSS officer. He was a founding member of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), and a major general in the United States Army.

Singlaub was born in Independence, California. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. He served in the United States Army during World War II and parachuted into Occupied France to fight with the French Resistance.

In 1977, Singlaub was relieved from his position as Chief of Staff of US forces in South Korea after he had criticized President Jimmy Carter's decision to withdraw US troops from the Korean Peninsula in an interview with the "Washington Post". Less than a year later, Singlaub was forced to retire after he had publicly questioned Carter's national security policies.

In 1979 Singlaub founded the Western Goals Foundation, a private intelligence network that was found to have supplied weapons to the contras during the Iran-Contra affair during the Ronald Reagan administration. Singlaub contributed to several books and wrote an autobiography.

Singlaub served as a leading figure in US national security and defense matters under both Democratic and Republican Presidents from Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon Johnson to Dwight D. Eisenhower and Richard Nixon.

Singlaub turned 100 in July 2021, and died on January 29, 2022 in Franklin, Tennessee.

Aminoglycoside

Aminoglycosides are antibiotics used for gram negative infections. Gram-negative means that the bacteria which cause the infection don't hold the color of a particular dye (Crystal Violet) when they're tested.

Since they are not absorbed from the gut, they are usually taken by an injection into the vain or muscle but they can be given as a cream or ointment to prevent and treat skin infections, as eye drops for eye infections, as ear drops for ear infections and as a pill for intestinal infections but not for other internal infections.

Antibiotics from this family can be used in patients who are not able to take some regular antibiotics, such as Penicillin because of allergies. The most common Aminoglycosides used as alternatives to Penicillin are Erythromycin (lit. "Red fungus") and Clarithromycin (lit. "Yellow fungus"). They're most commonly used in the treatment of bacterial infections, such as Bronchitis.

Normandy landings

The Normandy landings (codenamed Operation Neptune) were the landings on Tuesday, June 6, 1944, during World War II. Invasion forces landed at Gold Beach, Sword Beach, Omaha Beach, Juno Beach, Pointe du Hoc, and Utah Beach.

The landing started on the so-called D-Day. It was by the Allies of World War II: the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and other countries. The whole event was codenamed "Operation Overlord" and was intended to open the Western Front in the war. It was the largest seaborne invasion in history. After the landing, the Allied forces failed to take any of the towns and places that they had planned to take. However, they controlled the beaches, and in the following days, they moved inland.

German casualties on D-Day have been estimated at 4,000 to 9,000 men. Allied casualties were at least 10,000, with 4,414 confirmed dead. The Normandy landings were the largest and deadliest amphibious assault in the history of warfare.

General Dwight D. Eisenhower was the commander of the Normandy landings.


Joel Kinnaman

Charles Joel Nordström Kinnaman (born 25 November 1979) is a Swedish American actor, known for his television roles as Detective Stephen Holder in AMC's "The Killing", Takeshi Kovacs in the first season of "Altered Carbon," and Governor Will Conway in the U.S. version of "House of Cards." He has also played Alex Murphy in the 2014 "RoboCop" remake, and Rick Flag in the film adaptation of "Suicide Squad" (2016). Kinnaman is also known in Sweden for playing the lead role in the Swedish movie "Easy Money".

Jack Nichols (activist)

John Richard "Jack" Nichols Jr. (March 16, 1938 – May 2, 2005) was an American gay rights activist. He co-founded the Washington, D.C. branch of the Mattachine Society in 1961 with Frank Kameny. He was born in Washington, D.C.. Nichols led the first gay rights march on the White House, in April 1965, and participated in the Annual Reminder pickets at Independence Hall in Philadelphia. 

In 1967, Nichols became one of the first Americans to talk openly about his homosexuality on national television when he appeared in "", a CBS News documentary.

Nichols died of complications from salivary gland cancer in Cocoa Beach, Florida on May 2, 2005 at the age of 67.

Hugo de Jonge

Hugo Mattheüs de Jonge (born September 26, 1977 in Bruinisse) is a Dutch politician. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and a minister in the Fourth Rutte cabinet.

De Jonge studied at Ichthus University of Applied Sciences in Rotterdam and subsequently worked as a school teacher for five years.

From 2004 to 2006, he was an assistant to the CDA parliamentary group in the House of Representatives. The next four years he worked at the Ministry of Education, Culture and Science.

He became an alderman of the city of Rotterdam in 2010, which lasted till 2017. Education, youth and family matters were in his portfolio. In between he was also a councillor of Rotterdam for a brief period (after the municipal elections in 2014).

From 2017 to 2022, he was minister of Health, Welfare and Sports, and also a Deputy Prime Minister in Rutte III. He was the first one to replace Prime Minister Mark Rutte. At the public presentation of the government he received attention by wearing dark-dotted white shoes made of crocodile leather.

He was leading the CDA in 2020 (succeeded by Wopke Hoekstra). Since January 2022, he has been minister of Housing and Spatial Planning in Rutte IV.

Hugo de Jonge is married with two children, and a member of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands (PKN).


Bruinisse

Bruinisse, Zeelandic: "Bru", is a village in the municipality-island of Schouwen-Duiveland, in the Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 4,000 people are living there. It is located on the very east of the island.

Bruinisse is an agricultural and fishing community. Breeding of the blue mussel is an important business there.


Agulu lake

Agulu lake is a lake in Anambra State, Nigeria. The lake is connected to Ulasi Okija and River Nigeria.

Mahadev Ghurhu

Mahadev Ghurhu is a town in the Siddharth Nagar district in Basti division of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is next to Nepal. Mahadev Ghurhu is from the state's capital city Lucknow.

The city Mahadev Ghurhu is from Itwa, from the Basti and from Gorakhpur.

This village founded by Baba Gainlal Srivastav. The nearest railway station is Barhni which is from Mahadev Ghurhu. It is on the Gonda-gorakhpur loop line and is being converted into broad gauge line. Another railway station near to Mahadev Ghurhu is Basti, which is well connected to Delhi, Mumbai, Lucknow, Gorakhpur etc.

Bairavaa

Bairavaa is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language action movie. It was written and directed by Bharathan and produced by Vijaya Productions. The film stars Vijay and Keerthy Suresh in the lead roles, while Sathish, Jagapathi Babu, Daniel Balaji, Mime Gopi, Sriman and Sija Rose amongst others play supporting roles. The music is composed by Santhosh Narayanan, the cinematography is handled by M. Sukumar and the movie is edited by Praveen K. L. After entering production in early 2016, the movie progressed under the tentative title of "Vijay 60", before being named as "Bairavaa" during September 2016. The movie had a worldwide release on 12 January 2017. The movie was dubbed into Telugu as "Agent Bairavaa" and in Hindi as "Bhairava" by Goldmines Telefilms in 2017. The movie completed 100-day theatrical run. The movie was a commercial success.

The story revolves around Bairavaa (Vijay) and Malarvizhi (Keerthy Suresh). Bairavaa (Vijay), a collection agent for ICCI Bank in Chennai. During his manager's daughter's wedding, he comes across Malarvizhi (Keerthy Suresh), a medical student from Kallidaikurichi in Tirunelveli district, and immediately falls in love with her. He goes to the Koyambedu bus station to propose his love to Malarvizhi before she leaves Chennai. But he notices a group tries to kill her. He saves her from them. She tells a flashback that happened in her medical college.

The college has no basic facilities, including a proper building and good doctors. Malarvizhi and her best friend Vaishali (Aparna Vinod) lodged a complaint against the college to the Medical Council of India. To save his name, PK(owner of the college) made a deal with the MCI officials to cancel the suspension in exchange for sex with a girl from the college. Vaishali, who was the girl chosen by the officials, was found raped and killed the next morning. Malarvizhi's father (Aadukalam Naren), a sincere police officer, began an investigation into PK's involvement in Vaishali's death, but he too was killed by PK. After her father's death, Malarvizhi dragged PK to court. The judge declared that Malarvizhi should not be expelled from the college and must not be harmed till the case ends. But PK indirectly troubles her through the lecturers of the college. Bairavaa, on hearing Malarvizhi's story, decides to help her fight against PK and get justice for Vaishali. He too leaves for Kallidaikurichi with her.

He makes a raid on PK's house acting like an Income Tax officer. He collects all the evidences against PK from the raid. Then later PK came to know that he is not an IT officer. The fight between the both starts. PK gets back the evidence and destroys them, leaving Bairavaa with no evidence. Bairavaa thinks to use PK's right hand Kottai Veeran as the evidence. The time came, Kottai Veeran's wife was very ill and passes away. He changes PK's asthma inhaler with nitrous oxide (laughing gas). PK who inhales the gas before going to his wife's funeral, begins to laugh uncontrollably. Kottai Veeran turns against him and accept Bairavaa's offer of becoming approver. But PK kills him too.

Bairavaa decides to kill PK as that is the only way he can do to get justice for Vaishali. He frames that PK is planning to assassinate the Prime Minister of India while he is on the way to the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant. The news spreads all across India.Soon it is ordered to shoot PK. PK, realising that he is cornered, tries to kill Bairavaa before he dies, but Bairavaa manages to kill him along with the NSG commandos.
The movie got a collection above Rs. 100 crore and was considered as a super hit movie.

Revenue Village

A Revenue Village is a small administrative region in India, a village with fixed (defined) borders. One revenue village may contain many small settlements called hamlets.

The "Village Administrative Officer (VAO)" is the head officer of the Revenue Village

Revenue block

Revenue blocks, revenue circles or firka are the local revenue sub-divisions of the various districts of the states of India. These blocks should not be confused with the similar Panchayath union blocks (Blocks) and taluks. The revenue blocks exist to simplify local administration, and each consists of a small number of revenue villages, governed by a Revenue Inspector. The Revenue Inspector is charged with a number of key administrative roles, most notably the identification and collection of tax revenue. Sometimes the land area in a revenue circle is identified as an ILRC (Inspector Land Revenue Circle) for administrative purposes.

While Revenue blocks may be as large as or larger than a tehsil, revenue circles are generally smaller. In the state of Tamil Nadu alone, there are 1,127 revenue blocks.

Nagar panchayat

A Nagar Panchayat or Notified Area Council (NAC) or City Council in India is a council helps in the transformation of from rural to urban.

The 74th Amendment of the Constitution of India made laws relating to urban local government. The three-tier structure is municipal corporation, municipal council and nagar panchayat.

Each Nagar Panchayat has a committee consisting of a chairman / mayor along with ward/counselors members. There are at least ten elected ward members and three nominated members.

There are seats reserved for scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, backward classes and women. The councillors or ward members are chosen by direct election from electoral wards in the Nagar Panchayat.


Chidambaram taluk

Chidambaram taluk is a taluk of Cuddalore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Chidambaram.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Chidambaram had a population of 469,416 with 236,170 males and 233,246 females. There were 988 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 75.15. Child population in the age group below 6 was 23,599 Males and 21,446 Females.

Kattumannarkoil taluk

Kattumannarkoil taluk is a taluk of Cuddalore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Kattumannarkoil.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Kattumannarkoil had a population of 276,170 with 138,962 males and 137,208 females. There were 987 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 70%. The children population is 14,000.

Dharmapuri taluk

Dharmapuri taluk is a taluk in the Dharmapuri district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Dharmapuri.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Dharmapuri had a population of 441,115 with 225,969 males and 215,146 females. There were 952 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 64.96. Child population in the age group below 6 was 24,262 Males and 22,372 Females.

Palacode taluk

Palacode taluk is a taluk in the Dharmapuri district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Palacode.
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Palakkodu had a population of 345,906 with 178,514 males and 167,392 females. There were 938 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 41.04. Child population in the age group below 6 was 20,954 Males and 18,600 Females.

Formic acid

Formic acid, or methanoic acid, is the simplist carboxylic acid and has the chemical formula . Many animals use for defence. The word "formic" comes from the Latin word for ant, formica, referring to its early isolation by the distillation of ant bodies, and the trivial name in some languages means "ant-acid", such as Dutch mierenzuur, Danish myresyre, Faroese meyrusýra, Français acide formique and German Ameisensäure. Esters, salts, and the anions derived from formic acid are called formates.

In the 15th century, many alchemists reported that ants use an acidid fluid for defense. English naturalist John Ray was the first to get formic acid, by distilling ants, in 1671. 

In nature, it is found in most ants. The wood ants from the genus Formica can spray formic acid on their preys or to defend the nest. It is also known from the trichomes of stinging nettle ("Urtica dioica"). Formic acid is a naturally occurring component of the atmosphere due primarily to forest emissions.

Salvador Minuchin

Salvador Minuchin (October 13, 1921 – October 29, 2017) was an Argentine-American family psychotherapist. He was born and raised in San Salvador, Argentina. Minuchin developed structural family therapy, which talked about problems within a family by talking about the relationships between family members, or between subsets of family. 

When Minuchin moved to New York in 1981, he established the Family Studies Institute, where he could teach family therapists and interface directly with the foster care system through consultation services.

Minuchin died of heart disease at a care facility in Boca Raton, Florida on October 29, 2017 at the age of 96.


Peter Schutz

Peter Werner Schutz (April 20, 1930 – October 29, 2017) was a German-American businessman. He served as the president and CEO of Porsche between 1981 and 1987, a time in which the company greatly expanded sales such as in the United States. He was a motivational speaker and co-founder of Harris and Schutz Inc..

Schutz was born in Berlin, Germany. His family moved to Havana, Cuba in 1937 after the rise of the Nazi Party. In 1939, his family moved to Chicago, Illinois where he was raised. He studied at the Illinois Institute of Technology.

Schutz died in Naples, Florida of complications from Alzheimer's disease on October 29, 2017 at the age of 87.


Michael Augustine

Monsignor Michael Augustine (12 June 1933 – 4 November 2017) was an Indian archbishop (emeritus) of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pondicherry and Cuddalore from 1999 through 2004. He served as Bishop of Vellore from 1981 through 1992.

He served the Church for 39 years as a bishop and for 56 years as a priest. He was born in Kovilanoor, Tamil Nadu. He resigned in 2004 due to health problems along with Pope John Paul II accepting his resignation. Since 2004 until his death, Augustine held the title of "Emeritus" Archbishop of Pondicherry and Cuddalore.

Augustine died on 4 November 2017 at a hospital in Pondicherry, India of a heart attack at the age of 84.


Muse Watson

Muse Watson (born July 20, 1948) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Ben Willis in the "I Know What You Did Last Summer" franchise, Charles Westmoreland on the Fox television series "Prison Break" and as Mike Franks in CBS television series "NCIS".

Watson was born in Alexandria, Louisiana. He studied at Louisiana Tech and at Berea College in Kentucky. 


Polity IV

The Polity IV scale is a yearly assessment that assesses most sovereign states with a population above 500,000. They are split into five categories: full democracies, democracies, open anocracies, closed anocracies, and autocracies.
Status by country:
Full Democracies (Score of 10):
United States
Canada
United Kingdom
Germany
Japan
Democracies (Score of 9 to 6):
Mexico (8 points)
Brazil (8 points)
France (9 points)
Turkey (9 points)
India (9 points)
Open anocracies (Score of 5 to 1):
Venezuela (4 points)
Nigeria (5 points)
Russia (4 points)
Closed anocracies (Score of -1 to -5):
Morocco (-3 points)
Egypt (-3 points)
Afghanistan (-1 point)
Autocracies (Score of -6 to -10):
Cuba (-7 points)
Syria (-9 points)
Iran (-7 points)
China (-7 points)
North Korea (-10 points)

Norman Hardie

Norman David Hardie (28 December 1924 – 31 October 2017) was a New Zealand climber. He was involved in the first ascent of 8,586-metre (28,169 ft) Kangchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the world. He was born in Timaru, New Zealand. 

A close friend of Edmund Hillary, for 22 years Hardie was on the board of Edmund Hillary's Himalayan Trust. He visited the Himalayas on 14 trips. He has also been to Antarctica on three occasions, including as leader of Scott Base. 

In the 1992 New Year Honours, Hardie was appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for community service.

Hardie died on 31 October 2017 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 92.

Joe Brown (climber)

Joseph Brown, usually Joe Brown, CBE (26 September 1930 – 15 April 2020) was an English climber. He was born in Ardwick, Manchester, Lancashire, England. Brown's mountaineering achievements in the Alps and Himalayas have often been little known. In 1956 he made the first ascent of the west summit of the Muztagh Tower in the Karakoram with Ian McNaught-Davis. He was a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE), Brown was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services.

Brown died on 15 April 2020 at the age of 89.

Tony Streather

Lieutenant Colonel (Retired) Harry Reginald Anthony "Tony" Streather OBE (24 March 1926 – 31 October 2018) was a British army officer. He served in the Gloucestershire Regiment. He was one of the mountaineers who first-ascended Tirich Mir and Kangchenjunga. 
In 1955, Streather took part in the first ascent of Kangchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the world. With Norman Hardie, he reached the summit the day after the first summit party of Joe Brown.

In 1976 Streather led the Joint British Army, Royal Nepalese Army Everest expedition, which successfully put two British Army climbers on the summit.

He died on 31 October 2018 at the age of 91.

Achille Silvestrini

Achille Silvestrini (25 October 1923 – 29 August 2019) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served in the Vatican diplomatic corps, either in Rome or abroad, from 1953 to 1990. He was Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches from 1991 to 2000. He was born in Brisighella, Italy.

Silvestrini was ordained a priest on 13 July 1946 in the cathedral of Faenza by Giuseppe Battaglia, Bishop of Faenza. He earned a doctorate at the University of Bologna in 1948 and a doctorate in canon and civil law at the Pontifical Lateran University.

As of 2016, Silvestrini was chair of the Collegio universitario Fondazione Comunità Domenico Tardini, which was founded in 1946 to support war orphans.

In the 1990s, Silvestrini was mentioned as a successor to Pope John Paul II in the secular press, though Vatican observers noted that his advanced age made his election unlikely.

Silvestrini died in Vatican City on 29 August 2019 at the age of 95.


Mecklenburg County, North Carolina

Mecklenburg County is a county in North Carolina. In 2020, 1,115,482 people lived there. The county seat is Charlotte.

The county was created in 1762. It was split from Anson County. It was named in honor of the marriage of King George III to Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.

Mecklenburg County has seven municipalities including the City of Charlotte and the towns of Cornelius, Davidson, and Huntersville (north of Charlotte); and the towns of Matthews, Mint Hill, and Pineville (south and southeast of Charlotte). Small portions of Stallings and Weddington are also in Mecklenburg County, though most of those towns are in Union County. 




Churchill County School District

The Churchill County School District is a K-12 school district serving Churchill County, Nevada.

The school district operates 3 elementary schools, one middle school, and 1 high school: Churchill County High School.

Arthrostylidium simpliciusculum

Arthrostylidium simpliciusculum is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family.

The species is native to Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.

"Arthrostylidium simpliciusculum" is a tufted perennial with short rhizomes. It grows to between 1 m and 1.2 m in height.

Bambusa dissimulator

Bambusa dissimulator is a species of bamboo from Hong Kong. It is fast growing and has plentiful branches.

It can grow up to 15.24 meters and has a diameter of 4.2 centimeters.

Bambusa farinacea

Bambusa farinacea is a species of "Bambusa" bamboo.

It is endemic to Ecuador. 

Bambusa affinis

Bambusa affinis is a species of "Bambusa" bamboo, and a member of the grass family

The perennial plant can grow to 500–600 cm long and the stem can go up to 25–35 mm diameter.

It can be found in the tropical regions of Indo-China.

Bambusa balcooa

Bambusa balcooa is a clumping bamboo native to Indochina and the Indian subcontinent. It is thick walled clumping or sympodial bamboo.

Bambusa blumeana

Bambusa blumeana, also known as spiny bamboo or thorny bamboo, is a species of bamboo occurring in Tropical Asia.

This bamboo is known locally as: "kawayang tinik" in the Philippines, "buluh duri" in Malay and "tre gai" or "tre lá ngắn" in Vietnam.

Ampelocalamus scandens

Ampelocalamus scandens is a species of bamboo native to the Guizhou province of China. It can reach heights of 10 m and a stem diameter of 0.8 cm and grows at an altitude of between 265 - 320m.

Pennagaram taluk

Pennagaram taluk is a taluk in Dharmapuri district in Tamil Nadu. The headquarters is Pennagaram town.
2011 Census states that the total population of this taluk is 234,406 with 123,101 males and 111,305 females. There were 904 females for every 1000 males.

Harur taluk

Harur taluk is a taluk in Dharmapuri district in Tamil Nadu. The headquarters is the town of Harur.
2011 Census states that the total population of this taluk is 240,356 with 122,216 males and 118,141 females. There were 967 females for every 1000 males.

Appukutty

Sivabalan (Popularly called Appukutty) is an actor and comedian in Tamil cinema. He became a well known actor since his role in the movie "Vennila Kabaddi Kuzhu". His role in "Azhagarsamiyin Kudhirai" won him National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.

He was born in a village named Nathan Kinaru in Thoothukudi district of Tamil Nadu. He worked as a cleaner in hotels in Chennai. He was given small roles by movie personalities. He wanted to become a comedian. He was recognised by the Tamil cinema in the movie "Vennila Kabaddi Kuzhu" of director Suseenthiran. The director gave a role for Appukutty in the movie "Azhagarsamiyin Kudhirai". The movie won him the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor. in 2011. The movie also won National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment. His roles in the movies "Sundarapandian" and "Veeram" are also notable ones.

MGR Kazhagam

MGR Kazhagam is a political party founded and led by R. M. Veerapan. He is the former Minister under All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam for 5 terms at different periods.
MGR Kazhagam which was divided and created from AIADMK supported the DMK alliance in 2004 Lok Sabha elections.

Sergei Ignashevich

Sergei Nikolayevich Ignashevich (Russian: Сергей Николаевич Игнашевич; born on 14 July 1979 in Moscow) is a Russian football player. Since 2004, he has played for CSKA Moscow. He is the most capped player (meaning he has made the most appearances) for the Russia national team.


2017–18 Russian Premier League

The 2017–18 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2017/2018, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2017/2018") was the 16th Russian Premier League season, and the 26th top division football tournament. It was played from 15 July 2017 to 13 May 2018. Spartak Moscow were the defending champions, but Lokomotiv Moscow won the tournament.

Because Amkar Perm was dissolved when the season ended, Anzhi Makhachkala were allowed to stay in the Premier League. Yenisey Krasnoyarsk will be promoted to the Premier League for the first time in the team's history.

15 goals


14 goals


10 goals


9 goals


8 goals



2016–17 Russian Premier League

The 2016–17 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2016/2017, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2016/2017") was the 15th Russian Premier League season, and the 25th top division football tournament. It was played from 30 July 2016 to 21 May 2017. Spartak Moscow won the tournament.

18 goals


13 goals


12 goals


10 goals


9 goals


8 goals



Alp Buğdaycı

Alp Buğdaycı (born 21 July 1964 Diyarbakır, died 12 June 2016 Istanbul) is a Turkish businessman, newscaster, and voice artist.

Between 1982 and 1988, he started his career as a reporter for various newspapers and news agencies in Bâb-ı Âli. In 1990, he made a news announcer on Turkey's first private television channel, Star 1 (Magic Box). In 1991, he passed on Show TV and was on the morning show called "Hello to the Sun".

Piet Derksen

Piet Derksen (1913, Rotterdam - 24 February 1996, Westerhoven) was a Dutch businessman who founded Center Parcs. He was also a philanthropist. He donated all his fortune to charity.

Piet's father thought he was reading too much, so he said to his son that he should go and play tennis. Pieter listened to the advice of his father, but he was more interested in making money from tennis. He borrowed money from his family and built a tennis court near Kralingen in Holland with it.

Later on, Pieter had the idea to sell his tennis course and start a sport store. It was called "Sporthuis-centrum" which means "Sporthouse-centre". He bought a tent factory in North Brabant. At the time, lots of people wanted bigger, better tents. Pieter decided to rent out tents on a piece of land he bought near Reuver. This was a great success, so the tents were replaced with bungalows. In 1978 Pieter decided to sell his sports stores - he did this so he could concentrate on "Sporthuis Centrum". He built a house for himself on the Center Parcs site "De Kempervennen" near Eindhoven. He did this so he could see his company working and be close to his customers.

Westerhoven

Westerhoven is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is in the municipality of Bergeijk. It is about 15 km southwest of Eindhoven.

Westerhoven is in a valley between the rivers 'Keersop' and 'Beekloop'. The rivers both flow just outside the middle of the village. There is evidence that prehistoric people lived in the area. The hill connecting to the nearby village Riethoven is from the Roman times. Frankish ceramics were found when some people removed an old oak shore. Westerhoven used to be part of the ‘heerlijkheid’ Bergeyk but became separated from it in 1810. Westerhoven became part of Bergeijk in 1997.

Kempenlands (an East Brabantian kind of language, which is similar to normal Dutch) is spoken in the area.


Qatar Foundation

Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development is an NPO organization based in Qatar, founded by former Emir of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani and his second wife Moza bint Nasser in 1995.
The President of the Qatar Foundation is shaikha Moza bint Nasser. In February 2016, her daughter Hind bint Hamad Al Thani, the sister of the current Emir of Qatar, is appointed CEO of the foundation.
Qatar Foundation has created a campus, Education City, which houses branches of reputable American universities. To link these universities to industry, and has established the Qatar Science and Technology Park to host technology and innovation-based companies.

On December 10, 2010, FC Barcelona announced that it has signed a five-year, 150 million euro contract with the Qatar Foundation.

Center Parcs Europe

Center Parcs is a group of holiday villages in Europe that was founded in the Netherlands in 1968. It is now two different companies: Center Parcs Europe (CPE), which is run by Pierre & Vacances on mainland European sites owned by Blackstone Group and Center Parcs UK which runs holiday villages in Great Britain and Ireland and is owned by the Brookfield Properties Corporation.

A Dutch businessman, Piet Derksen, started a sport items shop in 1953 at Lijnbaan, Rotterdam. Its name was 'Sporthuis Centrum', which means 'Sport House Centre'. It succeeded and Derksen made 17 more shops in the Netherlands. He then added things used for camping to the range.

In 1968, Derksen bought some woodland near Reuver so that his staff and customers could relax in small tents. The park, De Lommerbergen, worked well so the tents were replaced with bungalows. In 1987, Center Parcs opened its first UK resort at Sherwood Forest in Nottinghamshire. The brewer Scottish and Newcastle liked the idea - they would buy Center Parcs UK.

In 2001, Scottish and Newcastle sold the Center Parcs UK to venture capitalists Mid Ocean. In December 2003 they sold the UK resorts to Arbor for £285 million. After it was put on the London Stock Exchange in May 2006, Center Parcs UK Group PLC was sold to Blackstone Group. It was changed into a private company. The chief executive Martin Dalby said that the company might make a fifth village. In 2004 it the company said it would be built near Woburn in Bedfordshire. They were not allowed to build it, but later they were allowed to.

Center Parcs in Whinfell Forest was built and run by the Rank Organisation, the only people who had the same service as Center Parcs in the UK. After a few years it was sold to Center Parcs. Whinfell Forest is not built in the same way as other Center Parcs places there are some design differences including the exterior look of the lodges and the Subtropical Swimming Paradise (which is the pools complex) which has been likened to a butterfly shape.

Break prices include accommodation, unlimited use of the Subtropical Swimming Paradise and playgrounds. Meals, bike hire and activities are additional costs.

In July 2016, Center Parcs was allowed by An Bord Pleanála (the Irish group which decides who can build things) to build the first Center Parcs in Ireland. The 395-acre resort will be built in Newcastle Wood, a forest near Ballymahon, County Longford. This is in the Republic of Ireland. The resort will be called 'Longford Forest' and will open in the summer of 2019.

In 2003, Scottish & Newcastle sold the sites on the main part of Europe to Pierre & Vacances (P&V) and DBCP, a German investment group. This was called Center Parcs Europe (CPE). P&V owned a big bungalow-holiday-maker, Gran Dorado Resorts, a Dutch company.

CPE was in Rotterdam, Netherlands. The Dutch government did not like the idea of combining Gran Dorado and Center Parcs, because it would be too big. After agreeing to get rid of some beds, CPE sold all but six Gran Dorado Resorts to Landal GreenParks. Six parks were added to CenterParcs: Loohorst (NL), Port Zelande (NL), Zandvoort (NL), Weerterbergen (NL), Hochsauerland (D) and Heilbachsee (D).

In 2006, after the Blackstone Group bought Center Parcs UK plc, Pierre & Vacances said they would sell all of the CPE sites, if they could still run them. In January 2009, Sunparks was made as well as a Center Parcs in Europe, as a version which did not cost as much.

There are now 26 resorts in the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Germany and the UK. None of the villages are the same. Visitors stay in lodges or bungalows, with trees and bushes around them. Park Zandvoort is different - it is in sand dunes. Some resorts have hotel rooms. The first village had swimming pool, shops and restaurants. A dome was made in 1980. It is called Subtropical Swimming Paradise in the UK. It has a swimming pool in it and other water play areas and pools. It is called 'Aqua Mundo' in Europe. Visitors can do lots of things, like go to restaurants, do activities, visit the spas, and go cycling.

Center Parcs UK and Center Parcs Europe has of 26 resorts and 4 Sunparks. There are six new parks being made.
Three Center Parcs sites were sold because they could not be made bigger. They are now part of Landal Greenparks. They are still used:
These things have different names in Europe and the UK:


Center Parcs UK and Ireland

Center Parcs UK is a company which sells short breaks in five holiday villages in the United Kingdom. Each is about of woodland. The company's first village opened at Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire, in 1987. Its fifth, at Woburn Forest, Bedfordshire, opened in 2014.

Another company runs in the main part of Europe. It is also called Center Parcs, but the two companies are separate. Center Parcs UK became 30 years old in 2017.

In 1968, a Dutch businessman called Piet Derksen bought woodland near Reuver so that workers and customers of his 17 sporting goods shops could relax in small tents. The park, De Lommerbergen, worked well and tents were replaced by bungalows. In 1987, Center Parcs opened its first UK resort at Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire. The brewer Scottish and Newcastle liked this idea and they would buy the company.

In 2001 Scottish and Newcastle sold the Center Parcs UK to venture capitalists Mid Ocean. In 2003 they sold the sites in Europe to France-based Pierre & Vacances (P&V), and German investment group DBCP. The companies have the same name but are not the same company.

In December 2003 Mid Ocean sold the UK resorts to Arbor Ltd for £285 million. Arbor put the company on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market. In May 2006 Center Parcs UK was sold to Blackstone Group, and change into a private company. Blackstone changed the name of the European sites to Center Parcs.

In June 2015, it was announced that Blackstone had agreed to sell the company to Canadian-based Brookfield Properties Corporation, for £2.4bn.

The first Center Parcs holiday village in the United Kingdom was opened in July 1987. It was near Ollerton and Boughton in Nottinghamshire and named Sherwood Forest. Two years later a second village was added, at Elveden Forest, near Brandon, Suffolk.

The third park opened in 1994, on the site of Longleat Safari Park near Warminster, Wiltshire. This village has less lodges than Elveden Forest and Sherwood Forest because it is very hilly.

In 1997, the Rank Organisation had opened a holiday village near Penrith, Cumbria. They called it Oasis Lakeland Holiday Village. When Center Parcs UK bought it they changed the name to "Center Parcs Oasis Whinfell Forest". The middle of the village is under a roof, and there is no country club like at Elveden Forest and Sherwood Forest. Center Parcs have changed many Whinfell Forest lodges. They have also added new lodges like the ones at the other parks.

In April 2002, the central plaza and sports centre at Elveden Forest was destroyed by a fire. Nobody was badly injured but one man had to be treated because he inhaled smoke. In the summer of 2003, Elveden Forest reopened. Whilst it was closed, the village was rebuilt in a slightly different design. Some lodges were extended and a spa was built.

The chief executive, Martin Dalby, said that the company might add a fifth village. In December 2004, Center Parcs said that it had found a place for it near a town called Woburn, Bedfordshire. The estimated project cost ten years before construction was about £160 million. New lodges, buildings, a pool, a spa and restaurants were built. It was thought that the project would take between three and four years to complete. In September 2007 the company were allowed to build. In 2012 they got £250 million of investment to build the new resort. It would be called Woburn Forest. It is the smallest Center Parcs UK village and opened in spring 2014.

In 2008, Martin Dalby, the chief executive of Center Parcs UK, said that the new village would be the last village the company built in the UK and that if a sixth village was built it would probably be placed in Ireland.

The sixth village was announced in September 2015. County Longford Forest will be in Ireland and is going to open in the summer of 2019.

Each village has different lodge types. These can have between one and four bedrooms. Sherwood Forest has just built a lodge with 6 bedrooms. They can hold up to 12 people. Some big lodges have a games room and hot tub. Lodges are usually in small groups and are quite private. Elveden Forest doesn't have any lodges with one bedroom. It has Lakeside Apartments instead, for one to two people.

In 2007, Center Parcs began updating all of its lodges. All the beds were replaced. A new kind of 'Woodland Lodge' replaced the old simple lodges to become the least expensive place to stay. The Executive Lodges were also upgraded.

Guests can book and take part in a large amount to do at the villages.

Silatech

Silatech (Arabic: صلتک) is a private, international and non-governmental organization in Qatar, founded by Moza bint Nasser in 2008, mother of the current Emir of Qatar. The current CEO of this organization is Sabah Ismail AlHaidoos. Silatech try to create new job for young people (18 to 30 years old) in Arab world by teaching them. By 2016, Silatech has created over than 200,000 jobs for Arab people and Silatech is active in 16 countries. The Founding partners of Silatech include Cisco, Gallup, and ImagineNations.

Ballast

A Ballast is a large resistor that regulates the amount of electrical current in a circuit. Most ballasts are used for fluorescent lamps to regulate the current thru it, which might rise to a dangerous level and burn it out.

Ballast is also crushed stone used in railway tracks. See ballast tamper.

Frank Holder

Frank Holder (2 April 1925 – 29 October 2017) was a Guyanese jazz singer and percussionist. He was a member of bands led by Leslie George "Jiver" Hutchinson, John Dankworth and Joe Harriott. Holder recorded early in his career for the major record companies Parlophone, Decca and London Records. He was best known for his work in the early 1950s with The Dankworth Seven. He was born in Georgetown, Guyana.

Holder died in Georgetown on 29 October 2017 of congestive heart failure at the age of 92.


Kit Harington

Christopher Catesby "Kit" Harington (born 26 December 1986) is an English actor. He played Jon Snow in the Home Box Office television series "Game of Thrones". He was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2016. Harington was born in London. His role is praised for the series.

Ufa

Ufa (; ) is the largest city in and the capital of Bashkortostan, Russia. The city is located where the Belaya and Ufa rivers meet. This area is in the centre-north of Bashkortostan, on hills forming the Ufa Plateau. It is to the west of the southern Ural Mountains. Over 1.1 million people live in the city. As many as 1.4 million more people live in the area around the city. Ufa is the tenth-most populous city in Russia. It has the fourth largest population for a city in the Volga Federal District.

The city was founded in 1574. This is when a fortress was built on the site of the city by order of Ivan the Terrible. Ufa was made capital of Ufa Governorate in 1865 when the governorate split from Orenburg Governorate. 

Today, Ufa's economy is based mainly on the oil refining, chemistry and mechanical engineering industries. The petroleum company Bashneft and several of its subsidiaries have their headquarters in Ufa. People of many different ethnic groups live in Ufa. The city is home to a large number of ethnic Bashkirs and Tatars, Most of the population is ethnicly Russian. Several educational institutions are in Ufa. They include Bashkir State University, Ufa State Aviation Technical University, Ufa State Petroleum Technological University and Ural State Law University. 

Nancy Friday

Nancy Colbert Friday (August 27, 1933 – November 5, 2017) was an American author who wrote on the topics of female sexuality and liberation. She was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Her best known works are "My Secret Garden" and "Forbidden Flowers".

Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s she was a frequent guest on television and radio programs such as "Politically Incorrect", "Oprah", "Larry King Live", "Good Morning America", and NPR’s "Talk of the Nation".

Friday died on November 5, 2017 of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Manhattan, New York at the age of 84.


Paradise Papers

The Paradise Papers are a set of 13.4 million documents relating to offshore investment. Among those whose financial affairs are mentioned are Queen Elizabeth II, and the last two US Secretaries of Commerce: Penny Pritzker and Wilbur Ross. The documents were made public by the "International Consortium of Investigative Journalists" in collaboration with "Süddeutsche Zeitung". These same two organizations had earlier published the Panama Papers in 2016 from the 2.6 terabytes of data sent by John Doe.

The papers include records from an offshore law firm Appleby, although the company has released a statement stating there has been "no evidence of wrongdoing".

People mentioned in the list are: Queen Elizabeth II, Bono, former Prime Ministers of Canada: Jean Chrétien,
Paul Martin, and Brian Mulroney, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, economic advisor Gary Cohn, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, son-in-law of Vladimir Putin, Madonna, Paul Allen, President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos, Jean-Jacques Annaud, Carlos Slim, Chancellor of Austria Alfred Gusenbauer, Prince Charles, President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko, Prime Minister of Japan Yukio Hatoyama, President of Liberia Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Shakira, Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan, Prime Minister of Pakistan Shaukat Aziz, and sons of Prime Minister of Turkey Binali Yıldırım.

Companies also mentioned were Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, EBay, Glencore, Uber, Nike, Walmart, Allianz, Siemens, McDonald's and Yahoo.



Sutherland Springs church shooting

On November 5, 2017, a mass shooting took place at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, United States. 

The gunman reportedly entered the church around 11:30 am CST and started firing. The shooter was killed after a chase with local law enforcement. At least 27 people were killed including the man who did the shooting. One of the victims was the pastor's 14-year-old daughter. At least 30 people were injured in the shooting.

The shooting is the deadliest at a church in U.S. history. More people were killed than in the Charleston church shooting in South Carolina in 2015.

President Donald Trump was in Japan at the time of the attack. He tweeted, "May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI & law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan."

A few hours after the shooting, it was learned that the shooter was 26-year-old Devin Patrick Kelley. He served in the U.S. Air Force from 2009 to 2013 before being told to leave. For a short time he was an unpaid helper at a Vacation Bible School in Kingsville, Texas.

 

Offshore investment

Offshore investment is when a person invests money in a different country than the country of residence. This is often done to pay less taxes. Differences in legislation may also be a driving force. Very often money laundering is also done in these countries.

Paul Manafort

Paul John Manafort Jr. (born April 1, 1949) is an American lobbyist, political consultant, lawyer and convicted felon. He joined Donald Trump's presidential campaign team in March 2016 and served as campaign manager from June to August 2016. He was an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Republicans Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bob Dole. 

On August 22, 2018, Manafort was convicted of bank and tax fraud.

In 1980, Manafort co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone, along with principals Charles R. Black Jr., and Roger Stone. 

Manafort is under investigation by multiple federal agencies. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has reportedly had an active criminal investigation on him since 2014 regarding business dealings in Ukraine. He is also a person of interest in the FBI counterintelligence probe looking into the Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections led by Robert Mueller.

On October 30, 2017, Manafort surrendered to the FBI after news broke that a federal grand jury had indicted him. They charged Manafort with conspiracy against the United States, conspiracy to launder money, failure to file reports of foreign bank and financial accounts, being an unregistered agent of foreign principal, false and misleading FARA statements, and false statements.

On June 15, 2018, Manafort's bail was revoked and he was sent to jail due to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering that is alleged to have occurred while he was under house arrest. He pled not guilty to these additional charges and as of June 2018 is currently awaiting trial.

On Tuesday, August 21, 2018, Manafort was convicted of five counts of tax fraud, two counts of bank fraud and one count of failure to report foreign bank accounts. In total, the jury convicted Manafort on 8 of the 18 counts against him and said it was deadlocked on the other 10 counts (U.S. District Judge T. S. Ellis III declared a mistrial on those charges).


Dudley Simpson

Dudley Simpson (4 October 1922 – 4 November 2017) was an Australian composer and conductor. He was born in Melbourne. He was the Principal Conductor of the Royal Opera House orchestra for three years. He was best known for his work as a composer on British television. He worked on the BBC science-fiction series "Doctor Who".

Among his early television work was the music for "Moonstrike" (1963). Simpson also created the theme music for "The Brothers" (1972), "The Tomorrow People" (1973), "Moonbase 3" (1973), "The Ascent of Man" (1973) and "Blake's 7" (1978). He also composed music for many plays from the BBC Television Shakespeare series.

Simpson died on 4 November 2017 at the age of 95.

Dionatan Teixeira

Dionatan do Nascimento Teixeira (24 July 1992 – 5 November 2017) was a professional footballer. He played as a centre-back. He was best known for playing for Stoke City F.C. from 2014 to 2017.

On 5 November 2017 Teixeira suffered a fatal heart attack in Londrina, Brazil at the age of 25.

Source:

Mansour bin Muqrin

Mansour bin Muqrin bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (1973 – November 5, 2017) was a Saudi businessman, member of the House of Saud, and Advisor at the Court of the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. In April 2015, he was appointed Advisor to the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques with the rank of minister. He was the son of Prince Muqrin al-Saud, former Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia.

He was a partner in Ethan Allen's Saudi franchise.

bin Muqrin died in a helicopter crash near Abha on November 5, 2017 at the age of 43 or 44.

Royapuram

Royapuram is a locality (territory or neighbourhood) present in the northern part of Chennai metropolitan city, Tamil Nadu. This area is best known for the Royapuram Railway Station. This is the first railway station of South India. It was opened in 1856. At present it is the oldest surviving railway station of the Indian subcontinent The St. Peter's Church, Royapuram is one of the most important and oldest church in the region. Royapuram fishing harbour is one of the largest fishing harbour in the Coromandel Coast or Eastern coast of India.

Adyar, Chennai

Adyar is a large neighbourhood (locality) in the southern part of Chennai Metropolitan city, Tamil Nadu. This neighbourhood is on the southern banks of Adyar River. Adyar is one of the most expensive areas in Chennai. The land property in Adyar costs four times as much as similar land properties in the northern part of Chennai.

The Adyar River forms an estuary near the coast of Adyar (locality). This has been home to more than one hundred species of birds. But this estuary has been affected by industrial wastes.

Adyar is home to Adyar Cancer Institute and Central Leather Research Institute. Central Leather Research Institute is the world's largest leather research institute.
IIT Madras, Anna University, National Institute of Fashion Technology, Asian College of Journalism and the Technical Teachers Training Institute are all located in this neighbourhood.

Besant Nagar

Besant Nagar is one of the neighbourhood (locality) of Chennai metropolitan city, Tamil Nadu. This area is named after famous women's right activist Annie Besant.

This area is known famously for the following landmarks:

Adambakkam

Adambakkam is a neighbourhood (locality) present in the Chennai metropolitan city, Tamil Nadu. This area is a thickly populated area. This is situated near the St. Thomas Mount Railway Station.

Before October 2011, a part of Adambakkam was under Chennai Corporation and the other part under Alandur municipality.But after that was joined totally with Chennai Corporation. The Adambakkam is having its new railway station under construction.

This area has many temples like famous Pazhandi Amman Temple.

Velachery

Velachery is a residential area as well as a locality in Southen part of Chennai metropolitan area, Tamil Nadu. This locality is the important and effective centre in Chennai. The Velachery Lake was historically containing an area of 250 acres. The ancient Selliamman and Narasimhar temples were located on its Southern corner(banks).

Velachery has its own railway station named Velachery railway station. There are many well known temples are located here.

Independent clauses

An independent clause, also called a main clause, is a clause that can stand on its own. It contains all the information necessary to be a complete sentence. An independent clause has a subject that tells you what the sentence is about and a verb that tells you what the subject is doing. It expresses a complete thought, relaying that something has happened or was said.

Zuni language

Zuni, or Ashiwi, is a language isolate spoken by over 4500 people in New Mexico and much smaller numbers in parts of Arizona. It is now generally considered a language isolate. The Encyclopedia Britannica categorizes it as a Penutian language, and Bertha Dutton once posed the hypothetical that according to the Swadesh list, "If the Zuni language is a member of the Penutian language family, then it is a distant relative of the Tanoan languages (Tewi)." The Penutian Hypothesis was advanced by Alfred Kroeber and Roland B. Dixon and later refined by Edward Sapir, and was an attempt to reduce the number of unrelated language families in a culturally diverse area that was centered in California central coast. While this theory was plausible for some of
the languages, the problem of verification of this theory was that to find any evidence of any cognates between the California languages and Zuni, one would possibly have to trace the languages' lineage by as much as 3000–5000 years or more.

A bibliography of books and articles concerning the Zuni language lists items dealing with syntax and semantics, as does Zuni
Curtis D. Cook's article and the work of Stanley Newman. Others, such as Ruth Bunzel's "Pueblo Pottery" and Jane M. Young's book on Rock Art, are important in the study of pragmatics and the Zuni World View as it is reflected in the Zuni language. The Zuni worldview may properly be considered as a study in orthology.
The form and function of design images and pictographic rock art images and their interpretation according to Zuni mythology
or cosmology sufficed as a form of communication prior to the appearance of a written language.

"The Zuni Enigma", by Nancy Yaw Davis offers a comparative of cognates between the Zuni language and
another language isolate; the Japanese language. While speculative, it demonstrates a likeness between the Zuni and Japanese languages that is more compelling than that of the Penutian Hypothesis. Dell Hymes offers information on California languages where one can form a comparative of certain Zuni words to the languages of California, e.g.Wintu, Maidu, Miwok, and may have relevance to studies of the Pueblo Peoples, the Pecos Classification, and the Hohokam. Also important are the books on and by Frank Hamilton Cushing. He was the first anthropologist to undertake studies by means of the method of Participant observation, and became a member of the Zuni's Priesthood of the Bow during his tenure at the Pueblo from 1879-1884. Of special interest in regard to the Zuni language is his correspondences edited by Jesse Green, and their relevance to the Zuni language as it reflects their world view.



Flag of Bulgaria

tatari shibani
The flag of Bulgaria (, , "zname na Bǎlgariya") is the flag of the European country, Bulgaria. It has three horizontal bands of white, green and red. It was adopted in 1991.

According to the Law for the State Seal and National Flag of the Republic of Bulgaria, promulgated on 24 April 1998:

According to the Standardisation and Metrology Committee, the following are the required colours for use in the national flag:


Voronezh

Voronezh () is an Russian city, not far from Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Voronezh Oblast. It is located on the river Voronezh. The city was founded in 1586. In 2017, the city had an estimated population of 1,039,801 people.


Brahma Kumaris

Brahma Kumaris is a spiritual group that started in Hyderabad, Sindh in the 1930s by Lekhraj Kripalani. The organisation is known because a lot of women are part of it.

They teach that a person should see themselves as a soul and not a body. They think that all souls are good and that God is where all good comes from. They want to create a worldwide understanding based on what they call "soul-consciousness".

In 2008, the group said that they have more than 825,000 people who come all the time, with over 8500 centres in 100 countries.

The Brahma Kumaris began as a small, caste-specific, spiritual community in Hyderabad, Sindh, India in the 1930s. The community was formally established in 1937, as a trust comprised of young women, but its formation can be traced back to 1932. The precursor to modern-day Sindh was Mohenjo-Daro. One of the world’s most ancient cities, it was the cradle of the Indus Valley. Archeological evidence indicates that region held a progressive society, a well-engineered and designed city. Socially there was equality between women and men, and very low rates of crime.

By contrast, in the 1930s in some parts of Sindh many women were in purdah. Even in the contemporary world, some parts of Sindhi society expect women to wear soft shoes so they are not heard, to live behind blinds so they cannot be seen, and to move according to the instructions of a male relative. For some women, even looking at or speaking to a male outside her family is forbidden. These ideas are not native to Sindh but were adopted by Sindh locals upon arrival of Arabian culture. This tension was vibrant during the time of North West India after British colonisation, and just before the partition of India. This was crucial to the development of the Brahma Kumaris.

The founder of the Brahma Kumaris was a successful middle-aged jeweler, Lekhraj Koobchand Kripalani, residing in Hyderabad (in pre-Partition India). He was of the Bhaiband caste and born into a family who were devotees of (1479-1531), a Hindu theologian and philosopher. Vallabhacharya taught Shuddha (pure) Advaita (non-dualism), an interpretation of Vedanta that rejected asceticism and monastic life, suggesting that through loving devotion to God any householder could achieve salvation. This understanding influenced the early teachings of the Brahma Kumaris and may be at the heart of its role as a social reform movement.

The group has made itself different to Hinduism. They see itself as spiritual teachers and not a religion.

The Brahma Kumaris say "Supreme Soul" for God. They say that God will always exist but without a physical presence. He does not go through the repeating birth, death and re-birth. God is seen as perfect.

Brahma Kumaris' members read the which is flute in Hindi. It is read to classes early each morning in most BK centres in the world. It is also available online.

Brahma Kumaris say that a specific lifestyle is good to have control over one's thoughts. But not everyone does everything and selects what they would like to do:



Landmark Worldwide

Landmark Worldwide (formerly Landmark Education), or simply Landmark, is a company offering self-improvement programs. It was founded in January 1991. As of 2013 the company had reported that more than 2.4 million people had participated in its programs since 1991. It is linked to EST (which stands for Erhard Seminars Training), and has been accused of being a cult.

EST was known for the instructor abusing the participants all the time. Especially the phrases "assholes! everyone", "Perfect!" and "standing is booking (continue standing)" were often parodied and ridiculed. The ultimate ideals of Landmark (also EST) are in the extraordinary human transformation and in "Being a Master of Life".

Landmark have many kinds of course programs like Scientology within English-speaking countries; in the 20th century, Landmark's course programs were limited. Landmark urge existing participants to invite others. Landmark calls it "enrollment", but critics often compare its system to zombies.



Cave Creek disaster

The Cave Creek disaster occurred on 28 April 1995. A scenic viewing platform in Paparoa National Park, New Zealand, collapsed. The collapse resulted in the deaths of 14 people. The victims, 13 of whom were university students, fell onto rocks below.

Anna Diggs Taylor

Anna Katherine Johnston Diggs Taylor (Anna Katherine Johnston; December 9, 1932 – November 4, 2017) was an American judge. She served as United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 1979 through 1998. She was born Washington, D.C.. 

In 1979, she was appointed to the federal bench by President Jimmy Carter, becoming the first black woman judge appointed to the Eastern District of Michigan.

She became Chief Judge in 1997, and took senior status in 1998.

Taylor died on November 4, 2017 of complications from Parkinson's disease in Grosse Pointe Woods, Michigan at the age of 84.


Arthrostylidium longiflorum

Arthrostylidium longiflorum is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family. 

"Arthrostylidium longiflorum" is native to Venezuela in South America

Feliciano Rivilla

Feliciano Muñoz Rivilla (21 August 1936 – 6 November 2017) was a Spanish footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Ávila, Spain.

Rivilla made 26 appearances for the Spain national football team, and was in the team for the 1962 FIFA World Cup, the 1964 European Football Championship (where Spain won the title), and the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Rivilla died on 6 November 2017 in Madrid, Spain at the age of 81.


Roosevelt Corollary

The Roosevelt Corollary was an addition to the Monroe Doctrine articulated by President Theodore Roosevelt in his State of the Union address in 1904 after the Venezuela Crisis of 1902–03.

Acidosasa edulis

Acidosasa edulis is a species of bamboo native to China. It is cultivated for its edible shoots in the provinces of Fujian, Zhejiang and Jiangxi, with yields of up to 20,000 kilograms per hectare.

Harald Krüger

Harald Krüger (born 13 October 1965) is the current chairman of the board of management (CEO) of BMW.

Krüger grew up in the city of Braunschweig, Germany. He got a mechanical engineering degree from Braunschweig University of Technology. Kruger spent a year on research at the German Aerospace Center. He joined BMW in 1992 to work on Technical Planning and Production. He became the CEO on May 13, 2015, succeeding Norbert Reithofer.

He was paid €8,134,963 ($9,676,131.74) in 2016.

Betty Dodson

Betty Dodson (August 24, 1929 – October 31, 2020) was an American sex educator and social critic. She was a part of the pro-sex feminist movement. She saw the modern feminist movement as needlessly political and hostile towards males. She is known for writing books about how masturbation is healthy and encouraged women to do it. 
In 1959, Dodson married Frederick Stern, an advertising director, with the marriage ending in divorce in 1965. She was openly bisexual.

Dodson died of cirrhosis at her Manhattan apartment on October 31, 2020 at the age of 91.


Robert Knight

Robert Knight (born Robert Peebles, April 24, 1945 – November 5, 2017) was an American R&B singer. He was born in Franklin, Tennessee. He was best known for the 1967 recording of the song "Everlasting Love".

Knight died at home in Nashville, Tennessee on November 5, 2017 after a short-illness, aged 72.


Quartermaster

Quartermaster officers are responsible for making sure equipment, materials and systems are available and functioning for missions. More specifically, the quartermaster officer provides supply support for soldiers and units in field services, aerial delivery, and material and distribution management.

David Harbour

David Kenneth Harbour (born April 10, 1975) is an American actor. He has appeared in movies, television shows and Broadway plays. Since 2016, he has starred in the Netflix series "Stranger Things" as Police Chief Jim Hopper. The role gave him a Primetime Emmy Award nomination. He played Nick in the 2005 version of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" and the title character of the movie reboot "Hellboy" (2019).

Harbour was born in White Plains, New York. He graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire in 1997.

Finn Wolfhard

Finn Wolfhard (born December 23, 2002) is a Canadian actor and musician. He is best known for starring as Mike Wheeler in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". In this show his love interest is Will Byers. He also appeared in the 2017 movie "It" as Richie Tozier and the television series "Supernatural". He was part of the band "The Aubreys" and the lead singer and guitarist of the rock band Calpurnia until 2019.

Wolfhard was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He has a German, French and Jewish background.

Millie Bobby Brown

Millie Bobby Brown (born 19 February 2004) is a British actress and model. She began acting in 2013. She is best known for her role as Eleven in the Netflix series "Stranger Things" (since 2016). The role gave her a Primetime Emmy Award nomination. She appeared in the 2019 "Godzilla" sequel, " and played a staring role in Enola Holmes". Millie has also starred in the music video of the Maroon 5 song "Girls Like You". She has also released a new line of makeup and skincare called “Florence by Mills”

Brown was born in Marbella, Andalusia, Spain, to British parents. She grew up in Bournemouth, England. She follows the Premier League football club Liverpool.

Sutherland Springs, Texas

Sutherland Springs is an unincorporated community in northern Wilson County, Texas, United States. It is on U.S. Highway 87 at the intersection of Farm Road 539. It is about 21 miles (34 km) east of downtown San Antonio. Old Sutherland Springs occupies a portion of the South bank of the Cibolo According to the "Handbook of Texas", the population was 362 in 2000.

Sutherland Springs was platted in 1854, and named after John Sutherland Jr., a pioneer citizen. A post office has been in operation at Sutherland Springs since 1851.

On November 5, 2017, Devin Patrick Kelley shot and killed at least 26 people and injured 24 at the First Baptist Church. Kelley died afterwards. It is the deadliest mass shooting in Texas history.



Albany, California

Albany is a city in Alameda County, California. It is on the San Francisco Bay's eastern shore, between Berkeley and El Cerrito. The population was 20,271 at the 2020 census.

Dublin, California

Dublin is a city in Alameda County, California, United States. It shares borders with San Ramon to the north and Pleasanton to the south.

Gaten Matarazzo

Gaetano John "Gaten" Matarazzo III (born September 8, 2002) is an American actor. He is best known for starring as Dustin Henderson in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". He has also appeared in a number of Broadway stage productions, including "Les Misérables".

Matarazzo was born in Ocean County, New Jersey. He has cleidocranial dysplasia (CCD), a birth defect he shares with his "Stranger Things" character.

His parents are Gaten Matarazzo II (father) Heather Matarazzo (mother).

Caleb McLaughlin

Caleb Reginald McLaughlin (born October 13, 2001) is an American actor. He is best known for starring as Lucas Sinclair in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". He appeared as "Young Simba" in the Broadway musical "The Lion King", between 2012 and 2014.

McLaughlin was born in Carmel, New York. He is the son of April and Corey McLaughlin.

Noah Schnapp

Noah Cameron Schnapp (born October 3, 2004) is a Canadian-American actor. Since 2016, he has appeared as Will Byers in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". He also voiced Charlie Brown in "The Peanuts Movie" (2015). 

Schnapp was born in New York City, New York, U.S. His parents are from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Natalia Dyer

Natalia Danielle Dyer (born January 13, 1995) is an American actress. She is best known for her starring role of Nancy Wheeler in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". She started her career in 2009, appearing in "" as Clarissa Granger.

Dyer was born in Nashville, Tennessee. She is a student at New York University.

Charlie Heaton

Charlie Ross Heaton (born 6 February 1994) is a British actor and musician. He portrays Jonathan Byers in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". He will star in the upcoming superhero/horror movie "The New Mutants" (2020). He has also appeared in "Casualty".

Heaton was born in Bridlington, East Yorkshire, England. He moved to London at the age of 16. He has a son, Archie (born 2014), with his ex-girlfriend Akiko Matsuura. As of 2016 he is in relationship with co star of stranger things Natalia Dyer.

Seibu Ikebukuro Line

The Seibu Ikebukuro Line is a train line in Japan that goes from Ikebukuro to Seibu-Chichibu and back, stopping at many stations on the way.

This is a list of abbreviations for the table:

LO: LOCAL

SE: Semi Express

EX: Express

LE: Lim. Express

CE: Commuter Express

CS: Commuter Semi Express

ST: S-Train

RX: Rapid Express

Cara Buono

Cara Buono (born March 1, 1971) is an American actress, screenwriter and director. She is best known for her roles as Dr. Faye Miller in the AMC drama series "Mad Men" (2010), Kelli Moltisanti in the HBO series "The Sopranos" (2006–2007) and Karen Wheeler in the Netflix series "Stranger Things" (2016–present).

Buono was born in the Bronx, New York City. She has a daughter with her husband, Peter Thum.

Joe Keery

Joseph David Keery (born April 24, 1992) is an American actor and musician. Since 2016, he has appeared as Steve Harrington in the Netflix series "Stranger Things". He is also a guitarist of Chicago-based band Post Animal.

Keery was born in Newburyport, Massachusetts. He graduated from DePaul University in 2014.

Sadie Sink

Sadie Sink (born April 16, 2002) is an American actress. She joined in a starring role as Maxine "Max" Mayfield during the second season of the Netflix series "Stranger Things". She also had the role of Suzanne Ballard in the NBC series "American Odyssey". She appeared as Annie in the 2012 production of the Broadway musical "Annie".

Sink was born in Brenham, Texas. She moved to New Jersey when she became an actress.

Dacre Montgomery

Dacre Kayd Montgomery-Harvey (born 22 November 1994) is an Australian actor. He is best known for his role as Jason ("Red Ranger") in the movie "Power Rangers" (2017) and Billy Hargrove in the Netflix series "Stranger Things".

Montgomery was born in Perth, Western Australia. His mother is Canadian and his father is from New Zealand.

Scottish &amp; Newcastle

Scottish & Newcastle plc was a brewing company in Edinburgh, Scotland. It was an international beer business.

The company was bought by Heineken and Carlsberg in 2008. Heineken UK called themselves Scottish & Newcastle until 2009. The S&N Pub Enterprises pub part of the company has had its name changed to Star Pubs & Bars.

The Company was created by Grizel Syme who ran her dead second husband's brewery. This brewery became William Younger & Co. It joined with McEwan's in 1931 and turned into Scottish Brewers. In 1960 it joined again to Newcastle Breweries to make Scottish & Newcastle.

By 1985, the company had become a brewer focused on Scotland and the North of England. It was ranked number five in the UK. By 1995, by buying Courage, S&N became the UK’s biggest brewer. Its Managed Pub division was called S&N Retail. It had 2,500 pubs. In 2000, S&N grew bigger by buying companies in Western Europe. By buying Hartwall in 2002, Finland’s biggest drink making business, S&N became owners of half of Baltic Beverages Holding (BBH) which had brewers all over East Europe.

In July 2003, S&N bought the Bulmers cider business, adding the Strongbow, Scrumpy Jack and Woodpecker brands to its group.

In November 2003, S&N sold the pubs to the Spirit Group. But they still looked after some pubs.

In 2004 lots of breweries were closed to save money.

In 2006, S&N and Swiss freight company, Kuehne and Nagel set up a drinks selling business.

On 17 October 2007, Heineken International and Carlsberg said that they were going to buy Scottish and Newcastle. On 25 October Heineken and Carlsberg said that they had sent a written offer to S&N. S&N didn't alllow this.

A new offer announced on 15 November 2007 by Carlsberg and Heineken. The new offer was bigger.

On 25 January 2008, S&N said they liked the deal.

The company was bought on 29 April 2008.

On 23 November 2009, the company changed its name to Heineken UK Ltd.

Scottish & Newcastle employed 40,000 people in the United Kingdom and Europe. It brewed beer at:

S&N owned or three of the top ten beers in Europe.

It also owned other drink companies:

Some other brands they could use were:

Hofmeister was a pale lager made by S&N from the 1980s to 2003. The 1980s adverts showed a bear, George, with a shiny yellow jacket and a pork pie hat. The 1983 adverts were directed by Orson Welles. In 2016, the Hofmeister brand returned with a new 5% recipe.

Heineken acquired:

S&NUK; Beamish and Crawford - ROI; Hartwall - Finland; Alken Maes - Belgium; Central de Cervejas - Portugal; Indian JV with UB;
US selling business

Carlsberg acquired:

Other half of Baltic Beverages Holdings; Kronenbourg - France; Mythos (beer) - Greece; Chongqing joint venture in China; Venture markets:- Switzerland; Africa; Hungary; Luxembourg; Indian Ocean; South and Central America
Andorra and Asia.


Lot (biblical person)

Lot was a person in the biblical Book of Genesis chapters 11–14 and 19. He moves to Sodom and Gomorrah. He leaves quickly when angels warn him of the coming destruction of the cities, but his wife looks back 'and she became a pillar of salt' (Genesis 19:26) He fathers children with his daughters when they get him drunk. They gave birth to Moab and Ammon.

Lot is the son of Abraham’s brother Haran, son of Terah. After Haran dies, Lot moves with Abraham to Canaan. When Lot’s shepherds argue with Abraham’s shepherds, Lot moves to Sodom because of how rich the place is even though the people are evil. Lot is kidnapped after four kings invade Sodom, so Abraham takes 318 men, goes to war, saves Sodom and rescues Lot.

When The Almighty tells Abraham he will kill everyone in Sodom and Gomorrah to punish them, Abraham asks The Almighty not to do that since there might be 50 good people there. The Almighty tells him that He wouldn’t kill anyone there if there were 50 good people so Abraham asks if The Almighty would destroy them if there were 45. He says He wouldn’t kill anyone there if there were 45 good people. Then Abraham asks what He would do if there were 40 and The Almighty said He would let everyone there live if there were 40. Then Abraham asks The Almighty about if there were thirty good people and The Almighty says He wouldn’t kill anyone there if there were thirty good people. Then Abraham asks the Almighty what He would do if there were 20 and He says he wouldn’t kill anyone in the city at all. Then Abraham asks if there were ten and The Almighty says that if there were 10 good people in Sodom and Gomorrah, He wouldn’t destroy the city at all. So the Almighty sent two angels to pretend to be humans and go to Sodom and Gomorrahto look for ten good people. They meet Lot, who brings them into his house and feeds them matzah. Then the people of Sodom and Gomorrah tell Lot they’ll kill him unless he lets them rape the two men who are with him so Lot tells them to rape his two virgin daughters instead. They break Lot’s door down to kill Lot and his wife and children so the angels make the Sodomites blind and tell Lot that The Almighty is going to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah because there aren’t 10 good people there. They tell Lot to run away with his family and not look back. Most of Lot’s family doesn’t listen so he runs away with his wife and two daughters. The Almighty sends fire and sulphur to Sodom and kills everyone there and Lot’s wife turns around and looks back so The Almighty turns her into salt while Lot goes to a city called Zoar.

Lot’s daughters thought that the entire world was destroyed so the first of them decided to get Lot so drunk that he wouldn’t recognize her and she could have sex with him and after she did that, her sister did the same thing. The first daughter got pregnant and had a son Moab while the second also had a son, Ben-Ammi. Moab became the ancestor of the Moabites and Ben-Ammi became the ancestor of a nation called the children of Ammon. 

According to Jewish tradition, Lot was bad but The Almighty saved him because of Abraham but according to Christian tradition, Lot was a good guy. 


Nazi ghettos

The Nazi Ghettos were sections of cities where Jewish people were forced to live. They were set up by Nazi Germany before and during World War II. Jewish people had often been forced to live in ghettos in Europe, with the first one being set up in Venice in the 1500s. The Nazis wanted to keep the Jewish people separate from other people, which would make it easier to control them. Entry in and out of the ghetto was controlled. People were forced to live in the ghettos before they went to concentration camps. The areas were very overcrowded and dirty. 

European migrant crisis

More than a million migrants and refugees crossed into Europe in 2015. This created a crisis because it is hard for countries to cope with the large numbers of people or even in some countries war. This also causes the people to flee to safer countries. It also created a division in the European Union over how to deal with resettling people.

Lancy

Lancy is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland. The municipality is on the left bank of the Rhone river. As of December 2016, 31,661 people lived there.


Jansug Charkviani

Jansug Charkviani (; 30 September 1931 – 6 November 2017) was a Georgian poet. He was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from 1995 to 2003.

He was born in Tbilisi. Charkviani graduated from the Tbilisi State University in 1953. He was awarded, among other prizes, the Shota Rustaveli Prize (1984), Georgia's Order of Honor, and the title of Honorary Citizen of Tbilisi (1996).

Charkviani died on 6 November 2017 at the age of 86.

Lissy Tempelhof

Lissy Tempelhof (17 April 1929 – 10 October 2017) was an (East) German actress. She was born in Berlin, Germany. She was known for movies like "Alle meine Mädchen" (1980) and "Erscheinen Pflicht" (1984). She was married to actor Dietrich Körner.

Tempelhof died in Berlin on October 10, 2017, at the age of 88.

Thomas Hooton Michael Dix

The Ven. Thomas Hooton Michael Dix (7 April 1908 – 1985) was Archdeacon of Zanzibar and Priest in Charge of Christ Church Cathedral, Zanzibar between 1954 and 1959. In 1970 he was made Hon. Canon of St Albans Cathedral and, in 1974, Canon (Emeritus) of St Albans Cathedral.

Thomas Hooton Michael Dix was born on the 7th of April 1908. He was the elder son of Mr and Mrs A. Dix of Oakhaven, in Harrold, Bedfordshire. He was educated at Bedford Modern School between 1920 and 1926, and was a regular prizewinner in the organ classes at the Bedfordshire Music Festival. After school he attended King’s College, London, and on graduation he became a school teacher in Hendon while also attaining the Associateship Diploma (ARCO) at the Royal College of Organists in 1934. He later returned to King’s College, London to study theology and, in 1940, attended the Bishops’ College, Cheshunt.

Following his theological studies, Dix became a curate at St Saviour’s, St Albans and was ordained as a deacon in 1940 and as a priest in 1941. In 1943 he joined the Universities' Mission to Central Africa and was sent to the Zanzibar Diocese where he served as Priest in Charge of Msalabani (1944-51) and as a missionary in Tanga (1951-54). In 1954, Dix was appointed Archdeacon of Zanzibar and Priest in Charge of Christ Church Cathedral, Zanzibar. He conducted a service during an official visit to Zanzibar by Princess Margaret on October 7, 1956.

After his tenure in Zanzibar, Dix was appointed Vicar of Harrold, Bedfordshire (1959-63), concurrently acting as Curate in Charge of Carlton with Chillington and as Rural Dean of Felmersham (1962-63). In 1963 he was made Vicar of Flamstead in Hertfordshire, a position he held until 1974.

In 1970, Dix was appointed Hon. Canon of St Albans Cathedral and Canon (Emeritus) of St Albans Cathedral in 1974. He died in Hove, West Sussex, in 1985.

Li Hongzhi

Li Hongzhi () is the founder and spiritual leader of Falun Gong (or Falun Dafa), a "system of cultivation" in the qigong tradition. Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun, and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China. 

In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad, and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States. Li's Falun Gong movement gained significant popularity in the 1990s, including in government and qigong circles, but was in 1999.

Abdul Aziz bin Fahd

Abdul Aziz bin Fahd (; born 16 April 1973) was a Saudi prince and member of the royal House of Saud. His father was King Fahd. He was first appointed as minister of state without portfolio in May 1998. Then, he was made head of the Office of the Council of Ministers in January 2000, when he was 28 years old.

Carl Sargeant

Carl Sargeant (1968 – 7 November 2017) was a Welsh politician. He was born in St Asaph, Denbighshire. He was the Cabinet Secretary for Communities and Children from 2016 through his resignation in 2017. He represented the constituency of Alyn and Deeside in the National Assembly for Wales from 2003 until his death in 2017.

Sargeant was suspended from Welsh Labour on 3 November 2017 following allegations of sexual harassment. He committed suicide by hanging four days later on 7 November 2017 at his home in Connah's Quay, Flintshire, Wales at the age of 49.

Following his death, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Twitter that: "My thoughts are with the friends and family of Carl Sargeant following his tragic death". Leader of the Opposition Jeremy Corbyn also made a statement on Twitter saying: "I'm deeply shocked to hear of the terrible news about Carl Sargeant. My thoughts and profound sympathy are with his family and friends".


Tulip Siddiq

Tulip Rizwana Siddiq (; born 16 September 1982) is a British Labour Party co-operative politician. She was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Hampstead and Kilburn at the 2015 general election.

Siddiq is Muslim.


Jo Stevens

Joanna Meriel "Jo" Stevens (born 6 September 1966) is a Welsh Labour Party politician in the UK House of Commons. She was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Cardiff Central in the May 2015 general election. She was born in Swansea, Wales.

In Jeremy Corbyn's January 2016 reshuffle, she was appointed shadow solicitor general and shadow justice minister. In October 2016 reshuffle, after Corbyn's re-election as party leader, Stevens became Shadow Secretary of State for Wales. She resigned from the shadow cabinet on 27 January 2017, due to a disagreement over triggering article 50.

Bayard Rustin

Bayard Rustin (; March 17, 1912 – August 24, 1987) was an American leader in social movements for civil rights, socialism, nonviolence, and gay rights. He was born and raised in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He was part of many organizations such as: Fellowship of Reconciliation, Congress of Racial Equality, War Resisters League, Southern Christian Leadership Conference, Social Democrats USA (National Chairman), A. Philip Randolph Institute (President), and the Committee on the Present Danger.

Rustin died in New York City on August 24, 1987 from appendicitis at the age of 75.


Kathryn Hays

Kathryn Hays (born Kay Piper, July 26, 1933 – March 25, 2022) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Kim Hughes on the CBS soap opera, "As the World Turns" from 1972 to 2010. She was born in Princeton, Illinois and grew up in Joliet. Her career was mainly active at sitcoms during the 1960s and 1970s. 

Hays was married to actor Glenn Ford from 1966 to 1969.

Hays' other appearances include guest roles in "", "Law & Order", "Marcus Welby, M.D", "Bonanza", and "Branded".

Hays died on March 25, 2022 in Fairfield, Connecticut at the age of 88.


Don Hastings

Donald Francis Michael "Don" Hastings (born April 1, 1934) is an American actor, singer, and writer. He was born in New York City. His brother was actor Bob Hastings.

Hastings is best known for his 50-year role as Dr. Robert "Bob" Hughes on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns". Hastings was the third actor to play Hughes and is the longest serving cast member of an American television soap opera, after the death of matriarch Helen Wagner of the same series.

His career began in 1947. He is married to actress Leslie Denniston. Hastings has four children: three from his first marriage and one with Denniston. 

Hastings lives in Millerton, New York.

Sander Levin

Sander Martin "Sandy" Levin (born September 6, 1931) is an American politician. Heserved in the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 2019, representing . Levin, a member of the Democratic Party from Michigan. He was the former ranking member on the House Ways and Means Committee; he was Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee from 2010 to 2011.

His brother, Carl Levin, was the United States Senator from Michigan until retiring 2015.

Levin ran for Governor of Michigan twice, in 1970 and 1974, both times loosing to William Milliken.

In December 2017, Levin announced that he would retire from Congress at the end of his current term, and not seek re-election in 2018.


Post Malone

Austin Richard Post (born July 4, 1995), known professionally as Post Malone, is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. He has gained acclaim for blending musical genres including pop, hip hop, trap, and rock, his introspective songwriting, and his laconic vocal style. Born in Syracuse, New York and raised in Grapevine, Texas, Post first attained recognition in 2015 following the release of his debut single "White Iverson", which peaked in the top 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. He subsequently earned a recording contract with Republic Records.

Malone's debut studio album "Stoney" (2016), which featured the single "Congratulations", peaked at number four on the "Billboard" 200. His second album, "Beerbongs & Bentleys" (2018), debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 and broke several streaming records upon release. It was nominated for Album of the Year at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards. In 2018, he collaborated with Swae Lee on the song "Sunflower" for to the film "", which also reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100. Malone released his third album, "Hollywood's Bleeding", in late 2019, and it became his second number-one album.

Malone has sold 60 million records in the US. He received a Diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for "Congratulations". He has won many awards, including three American Music Awards, a Billboard Music Award and a MTV Video Music Award. Additionally, he has received six Grammy Award nominations during his career.

Post lives in Los Angeles, California. He also has a multimillion-dollar 13,000-square-foot home in northern Utah. Post's old home in San Fernando Valley, California was robbed on September 1, 2018. Post was in a three-year-long relationship with Ashlen Diaz, ending in November 2018.

On August 21, 2018, Post boarded a plane leaving Teterboro Airport and was scheduled to land in London Luton Airport. At 10:50 am, the tires blew out on takeoff and the plane was rerouted to Stewart International Airport for an emergency landing. The plane landed safely at 3:50 pm. Once the plane had landed, Post tweeted about the incident, writing "I landed guys. thank you for your prayers. Can't believe how many people wished death on me on this website. Fuck you. But not today."

Post was involved in a car crash on September 8, 2018. Post's white Rolls-Royce was driving through Santa Monica in the early morning when it collided with another car at 3:30 am. Although no one was severely injured in the incident, several people were treated for minor injuries.

Post has a tattoo of U.S. president John F. Kennedy on his arm, and has said that Kennedy was "the only President to speak out against the crazy corruption stuff that's going on in our government nowadays." In December 2016, Post stated that if asked to perform at the inauguration of Donald Trump he would not have been opposed, though he stated that neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton were fit for President of the United States and expressed his support of Bernie Sanders during the election cycle.

Post later expressed a dislike for Trump in a November 2017 interview for "Rolling Stone." In the same interview, he revealed that he has a large collection of guns and believes it is an American right to own and operate guns. Post also expressed a strong interest in conspiracy theories when he said, "There's crazy shit that goes on that we can't explain." During a trip to Canada, Post was interviewed and when asked what the "biggest lie is", he replied "The biggest lie in the world is the U.S. government. It's a fucking reality show and I think there's gonna be a lot of weird shit that happens within our generation that really changes the way of the world."

Scheduling (computing)

In computer science, and combinatorial optimisation, the term scheduling usually refers to solutions of the problem that a plan needs to be made. It follows in what order and for how long a number of tasks run on a number of machines.

Kajsa Ollongren

Karin Hildur "Kajsa" Ollongren (born 28 May 1967 in Leiden) is a Dutch politician of Democrats 66 (D66) and a former civil servant. She is the current minister of Defence in the Fourth Rutte cabinet.

Ollongren studied economics and history at the University of Amsterdam, public administration at the École nationale d'administration in Paris and internal relations at Clingendael Institute in The Hague.

From 1992 to 2007, she worked at the Economics Ministry, and from 2007 to 2014 at the Interior Ministry (she had been leading last Ministry since 2011).

She became an alderman of the city of Amsterdam in 2014.

From 2017 to 2022, she was minister of Internal Affairs and also second Deputy Prime Minister in the Third Rutte cabinet. Since January 2022, she has been Defence minister in Rutte IV.

Kajsa Ollongren is a noblewoman, and has also the Swedish nationality (her mother is Swedish). She is a lesbian and married to a woman. Together they have two children.


Mastrils

Mastrils was a municipality of the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2012, the former municipalities of Igis and Mastrils merged into the new municipality of Landquart.


Landquart, Switzerland

Landquart is a municipality of the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2012, the former municipalities of Igis and Mastrils merged into the new municipality of Landquart.


Trimmis

Trimmis is a municipality of the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Lumnezia

Lumnezia () is a new municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.

The former municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged on 1 January 2013, into the new municipality of Lumnezia.

Suraua

Suraua was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

The former municipality was formed on January 1, 2002 through the union of Camuns, Surcasti, Tersnaus and Uors-Peiden.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Suraua, Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Vignogn, Vella and Vrin merged into the new municipality of Lumnezia.


Zizers

Zizers ( or ) is a municipality of the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Tenczynek

Tenczynek is a village in southern Poland. It is in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in Gmina Krzeszowice. It is 25 km west of the city of Kraków.

Carola Schouten

Cornelia Johanna "Carola" Schouten (born October 6, 1977 in 's-Hertogenbosch) is a Dutch politician of the ChristianUnion (ChristenUnie). She is a Minister and also a Deputy Prime Minister.

Schouten spent her youth on a farm in Giessen, a village in the Land of Heusden and Altena (a region in the very north of the Province of North Brabant).

She studied business administration at Erasmus University Rotterdam, and worked afterwards at the Social Affairs Ministry and as an assistant to the ChristianUnion parliamentary group.

In 2011 she was chosen into the Second Chamber. She participated in political negotiations in 2012 and in the government negotiations of 2017.

From 2017 to 2022 she was minister of Agriculture, Nature and Food Quality and also third Deputy Prime Minister in the Third Rutte cabinet. Since January 2022 she has been minister for Poverty Policy, Participation and Pensions and also third Deputy Prime Minister in the Fourth Rutte cabinet.

Carola Schouten is single with one child. She is a member of the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands (Liberated).


List of South Africans

This is a list of notable South Africans who are the subjects of Wikipedia articles.












See also: British Cape governors
















Alice Martin

Alice H. Martin (born 1955/56) is an American politician and lawyer. In 2015, she became the Chief Deputy Attorney General of Alabama.

Martin was the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama from 2001 until 2009. She was nominated by President George W. Bush in 2001. During her term the office established a healthcare fraud task force. The task force collected about $750M in settlements. It also obtained over 125 convictions of elected and appointed officials and contractors in public corruption prosecutions.

In 2017, Martin served as the acting Attorney General of Alabama for two days.

Emeryville, California

Emeryville is a small city in Alameda County, California. It is along the shore of the San Francisco Bay between Oakland and Berkeley.

The Ohlone Native Americans lived here before 1776.

The 2020 United States Census said that 12,905 people lived in Emeryville.

Emery Unified School District teaches kids in Emeryville. Its schools, both in the same site, are Anna Yates Elementary School and Emery Secondary School.

German International School of Silicon Valley also has a campus. In 2018 this campus will close and become separate school, called the East Bay German International School.

Gay Talese

Gaetano "Gay" Talese (; born February 7, 1932) is an American writer and journalist. He was a journalist for "The New York Times" and "Esquire" magazine during the 1960s. Talese's most famous articles are about Joe DiMaggio and Frank Sinatra.

Nan A. Talese

Nan Talese (née Ahearn; born December 19, 1933) is an American editor. Talese is the Senior Vice President of Doubleday. Since 1990, Talese has been the Publisher and Editorial Director of her own imprint, Nan A. Talese/Doubleday, known for its literary works.

In 1959, Talese married "The New York Times" journalist Gay Talese.

Lothar Thoms

Lothar Thoms (18 May 1956 – 5 November 2017) was an East German track cyclist. 

He represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Russia. He won the gold medal in the men's 1,000m time trial. 

In 1981 he was elected East German Sportspersonality of the year.

Thoms was born in Guben, Brandenburg. He died in Berlin at the age of 61.

Karin Dor

Karin Dor (Kätherose Derr; 22 February 1938 – 6 November 2017) was a German actress. She was born in Wiesbaden, Germany. She starred in the James Bond movie "You Only Live Twice" and the Alfred Hitchcock movie "Topaz". 

Dor died at a nursing home in Munich, Germany on 6 November 2017 at the age of 79.

Shadia

Fatima Ahmad Kamal (), better known by her stage name Shadia, (8 February 1931 – 28 November 2017) was an Egyptian actress and singer. She was famous for her roles in light comedies and drama in the 1950s and 1960s. Her first appearance was in the movie "el-Aql Fi Agaza" ("The Mind on Vacation"). She retired after her last movie "La Tas'alni Man Ana" ("Don't Ask Me Who I Am"). She was born in Cairo.

Shadia was hospitalized on 4 November 2017 after suffering a massive stroke in Cairo. She was placed under intensive care and on 9 November was in stable condition. On 28 November 2017, Shadia died at hospital in Cairo of respiratory failure, aged 86.


Cardi B

Belcalis Marlenis Almanzar (born October 11, 1992), known by her stage name Cardi B, is an American rapper, singer and actress. She is known for her breakout single, "Bodak Yellow", which reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States in 2017. She became only the second female rapper to reach number one without a featured artist since Lauryn Hill with "Doo Wop (That Thing)" in 1998. Almanzar also has appeared on the VH1 reality series "Love & Hip Hop: New York". Cardi has earned five number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100: "Bodak Yellow", "I Like It", "Girls like You" (with Maroon 5), "WAP" (with Megan Thee Stallion), and "Up".

On January 2, 2018, "Billboard" announced that Cardi became only the third artist in history to have their first three singles in the top ten at the same time, with the songs "Bodak Yellow", "MotorSport", and "No Limit". The first two artists to do so were the Beatles and Ashanti.

For the week ending July 14, 2018, Cardi's single "I Like It" reached the number-one position of the "Billboard" Hot 100, making her the only female rapper with two chart-toppers on the Hot 100. A remix of "Girls like You" by the band Maroon 5, featuring Cardi, also reached number one on the Hot 100.

Her first album, "Invasion of Privacy", was released on April 6, 2018. Cardi B says that her music is a representation of what she would like to listen to. She is known as the first female artist to be the winner on Grammy Award for Best Rap Album.

She released the single "Press" on May 31, 2019. On August 7, 2020, she released "WAP" featuring rapper Megan Thee Stallion. It entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Cardi's fourth chart-topper in the US. On March 22, 2021, after entering at number two, her song "Up" became Cardi's fifth number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100, extending her record for most chart-toppers by a female rapper.

She is known for her outspoken, outlandish personality. She started going viral on Instagram and social media in 2014 when she was stripping.

Belcalis Marlenis Almanzar was born on October 11, 1992, in Washington Heights, Manhattan. Her mother was a cashier, and her father was a taxi driver in New York City. She has a sister named Hennessy. In a video with "GQ", she says that the name Hennessy comes from when her mother gave birth and her father walked into the hospital room and told them that he had just been drinking Hennessy and he really likes the name. They all agreed that that was good name, hence the name Hennessy. Her family contains Dominican, Mexican and Trinidadian ancestry. Almanzar worked as an exotic dancer since the age of 19. She has released two mixtapes, "Gangsta Bitch Music Vol. 1" and "Gangsta Bitch Music Vol. 2". Following the release of these records, Almanzar signed with Atlantic Records. She’s of Dominican descent.

Cardi B's stage name comes from the rum Bacardi. 

On October 27, 2017, she became engaged at a concert in Philadelphia to rapper Offset, a member of the hip hop group Migos. Almanzar later revealed that she and Offset had secretly married in Atlanta on September 20, 2017. Their daughter, Kulture Kiari Cephus, was born July 10, 2018. In 2020, She legally filed for divorce from him.

On September 15, 2020, it was announced that Cardi B had filed for divorce from Offset but called off the divorce again.

At the 2021 BET Awards, Cardi revealed that she is expecting her second child with Offset. She gave birth to a boy, Wave Set Cephus on September 4, 2021.

In December 2023, Cardi B shared via Instagram that she and Offset were separated.

Antonio Carluccio

Antonio Carluccio, OBE OMRI ( 19 April 1937 – 8 November 2017) was an Italian chef, restaurateur and food expert. He was born in Vietri sul Mare, Salerno, Italy. 

Carluccio has been called "the godfather of Italian gastronomy", with a career of more than 50 years. He was best known for his television appearances, including his partnership with fellow Italian chef Gennaro Contaldo, and their BBC Two television series "Two Greedy Italians".

He wrote many books about cooking.

Carluccio died on 8 November 2017 from complications of a fall in London at the age of 80.


Roger Grenier

Roger Grenier (19 September 1919 – 8 November 2017) was a French writer, and journalist. He was Regent of the Collège de ’Pataphysique. He was born in Caen, France. He was known for his work "The Difficulty of Being a Dog". He worked for "Combat" then at "France Soir".

Grenier died of complications from pneumonia in Paris on 8 November 2017 at the age of 98.

Brad Harris

Bradford "Brad" Harris (July 16, 1933 – November 7, 2017) was an American actor, stuntman, bodybuilder and executive producer. He was born in St. Anthony, Idaho. He appeared in 50 movies during his career. He was best known for his roles in "Kommissar X", "Goliath Against the Giants" and in "The Pirates of the Mississippi".

Harris died on November 7, 2017 at the age of 84.


Arrondissements of the Nord department

There are 6 arrondissements in the Nord department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Nord department are:

Since its creation, the Nord department has had few changes:


Constituency PK-1 (Chitral-I)

Constituency PK-1 (Chitral-I) (Old PK-89) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly in Pakistan.

Constituency PK-90 (Chitral-II)

Constituency PK-90 (Chitral-II) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly in Pakistan.

Calico (company)

Calico is a research and development biotech company. It was started on September 18, 2013 by Google and Arthur D. Levinson. Its goal is to fight aging and diseases associated with aging.


Elisabeth Köstinger

Elisabeth "Elli" Köstinger (born November 22, 1978 in Wolfsberg, Carinthia) is an Austrian politician of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). 

Köstinger has been government minister of Agriculture, Forestry, Environment, Water Management and Tourism since December 18, 2017. She has also been secretary-general of the Austrian People’s Party since May 2017, together with Stefan Steiner. 

Previously she was an MEP for Austria from 2009 to 2017, and President of the National Council of Austria from November 9 to December 17, 2017. She has been succeeded by Wolfgang Sobotka.

Elisabeth Köstinger is single.



Cyrtandra (plant)

Cyrtandra is a genus of flowering plants containing about 600 species. These plants are native to Southeast Asia, Australia, and the Pacific Islands. Almost all species live in rainforest habitats.

Arrondissement of Avesnes-sur-Helpe

The arrondissement of Avesnes-sur-Helpe, called usually as Avesnois , is an arrondissement of France, in the Nord department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Avesnes-sur-Helpe.

When the Nord department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Avesnes-sur-Helpe, with the name of Avesnes, was part of that original department.

In 1962, the name of the "commune", and of the "arrondissement", Avesnes was changed to Avesnes-sur-Helpe.

The "arrondissement" of Avesnes-sur-Helpe is in the southeast of the Nord department. It borders with Belgium to the north and east, and with the Aisne department to the south. The Valenciennes "arrondissement" is to the northwest and the Cambrai "arrondissement" to the west.

The "arrondissement" of Avesnes-sur-Helpe is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has a population of 231,727 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Avesnes-sur-Helpe are:

The "arrondissement" of Avesnes-sur-Helpe has 151 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Grete Berget

Grete Anni Berget (25 March 1954 – 9 November 2017) was a Norwegian politician. She was a member of the Labour Party. She was born in Vinstra, Nord-Fron, Oppland.

Berget was private advisor to the Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland from 1990 to 1991 and served as Minister of Children and Family Affairs from 1991 to 1996. From 2003 until her death, she was secretary general of the Norwegian European Movement.

Berget died from cancer on 9 November 2017 in Oslo at the age of 63.

Hans-Michael Rehberg

Hans-Michael Rehberg (2 April 1938 in Fürstenwalde/Spree – 7 November 2017 in Berlin) was a German actor and stage director. He appeared in more than one hundred movies from 1945 until his death in 2017. He was best known for his role as Rudolf Höss in "Schindler's List" (1993).

Rehberg died at the age of 79.

Arrondissement of Cambrai

The arrondissement of Cambrai is an arrondissement of France, in the Nord department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Cambrai.

When the Nord department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Cambrai was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Cambrai is in the southwest of the Nord department. It borders with the Douai "arrondissement" to the northwest, the Valenciennes "arrondissement" to the north, the Avesnes-sur-Helpe "arrondissement" to the east, the Aisne department to the south, the Somme department to the southwest and the Pas-de-Calais to the west.

The "arrondissement" of Cambrai has an area of , and a population of 163,065 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Cambrai are:

The "arrondissement" of Cambrai has 116 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Douai

The arrondissement of Douai is an arrondissement of France, in the Nord department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Douai.

When the Nord department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Douai was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Douai is in the central part of the Nord department. It borders with the Lille "arrondissement" to the north, the Valenciennes "arrondissement" to the east, the Cambrai "arrondissement" to the southeast and the Pas-de-Calais department to the south and west.

The "arrondissement" of Douai is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has a population of 246,595 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Douai are:

The "arrondissement" of Douai has 64 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Indooroopilly Silver Mine

The Indooroopilly Silver Mine is a historic silver mine at Indooroopilly, Brisbane, Australia
In 1918, G. Olsen and his neighbour, Patrick J. Madden discovered silver-lead traces on Mr Olsen’s land at Finney’s Hill, Indooroopilly, a suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, 10km from the city centre. After some promising excavations all over the property approximately 200 feet above sea level, a mineral lease was granted to them and the first ore recovered from the site was dispatched to Cockle Creek, N.S.W. for smelting.

The success of this led to the construction of an underground shaft to commence open-cut mining of the site in 1919. A number of leases were taken out on the property and adjacent land. A year later geophysical prospecting was undertaken, the first record of such a survey being undertaken in Queensland.

In 1921, a larger shaft was sunk to recover ore and a small treatment plant was erected in 1924 to facilitate work there. Mining continued with P.J. Madden purchasing the property outright. The existing house on the land, Fernbrook, built by architect, George Addison was demolished.

By 1929, the mine ceased operations, due to poor metal prices worldwide and the exhaustion of the higher grade reserve. Total production for the period 1919-1929 had been 227, 343 oz of silver and 1,795 tonnes of lead.
Over the next two decades, the mine remained closed. Shafts and tunnels collapsed as timber rotted, and the land was susceptible to flooding from the Brisbane River. The University of Queensland leased the site in 1951, totalling 6 hectares for its Department of Mining. The property was owned by Brisbane City Council, who sold it to the Queensland government. In 1956, the state government provided to mine site to the University granting it permanent and exclusive surface and underground rights. 

The open-cut and underground workings resumed, offering the University an opportunity to manage it as a working mine and teaching facility. Three shafts exist – the main shaft sunk to a depth of 290 ft, a ventilation shaft sunk to 150 ft and an inclined shaft sunk 65 degrees horizontal to the mine’s 140 ft level. This was established by students of the Colombo Plan to gain experience.

The mine operates today as part of the Julius Kruttschnitt Mineral Research Centre.

Explanatory variable

An explanatory variable is a type of independent variable. The two terms are often used interchangeably. But there is a subtle difference between the two. When a variable is independent, it is not affected at all by any other variables. When a variable isn't independent for certain, it's an explanatory variable.

Fritz Lichtenhahn

Fritz Lichtenhahn (6 May 1932 – 24 May 2017) was a Swiss actor. He was born in Arosa, Switzerland. He was known for his movies "Alle Jahre wieder: Die Familie Semmeling" (1976), "Germany, Pale Mother" (1980) and "Schtonk" (1992).

Lichtenhahn died on May 24, 2017 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 85.


Dennis Gabor

Dennis Gabor ( ; ; 5 June 1900 – 9 February 1979) was a Hungarian-British electrical engineer and physicist, most notable for inventing holography, for which he later received the 1971 Nobel Prize in Physics.

While working at British Thomson-Houston that he invented holography, in 1947. He experimented with a heavily filtered mercury arc light source. However, the earliest hologram was only realised in 1964 following the 1960 invention of the laser, the first coherent light source. After this, holography became commercially available.

During his time in Rugby, he met Marjorie Louise Butler, and they married in 1936. He became a British citizen in 1946.


Water rocket

A water rocket is a type of model rocket using water as its working mass. The water is forced out by a pressurized gas, typically compressed air.


Salishan languages

The Salishan languages are a group of languages of the Pacific Northwest. They are known for their agglutinativity and syllabic consonants.


History of the London Underground

From its creation to the present day, London Underground's 150-year history has been an eventful one.

1843

Constructed by Sir Marc Brunel and his son Isambard, the Thames Tunnel opens

1863

On 10 January, The Metropolitan Railway opens the world's first underground railway, between Paddington (then called Bishop's Road) and Farringdon Street

1868

The first section of the Metropolitan District Railway, from South Kensington to Westminster (now part of the District and Circle lines), opens

1869

The first steam trains travel through the Brunels' Thames Tunnel

1880

Running from the Tower of London to Bermondsey, the first Tube tunnel opens

1884

The Circle line is completed

1890

On 18 December, The City and South London Railway opens the world's first deep-level electric railway. It runs from King William Street in the City of London, under the River Thames, to Stockwell

1900

The Prince of Wales opens the Central London Railway from Shepherd's Bush to Bank (the 'Twopenny Tube'). This is now part of the Central line

1902

The Underground Electric Railway Company of London (known as the Underground Group) is formed. By the start of WWI, mergers had brought all lines - except the Metropolitan line

1905

District and Circle lines become electrified

1906

Baker Street & Waterloo Railway (now part of the Bakerloo line) opens and runs from Baker Street to Kennington Road (now Lambeth North). Great Northern, Piccadilly & Brompton Railway (now part of the Piccadilly line) opens between Hammersmith and Finsbury Park

1907

Charing Cross, Euston & Hampstead Railway (now part of the Northern line) opens and runs from Charing Cross to Golders Green and Highgate (now Archway). Albert Stanley (later Lord Ashfield) is appointed General Manager of the Underground Electric Railway Company of London Limited

1908

The name 'Underground' makes its first appearance in stations, and the first electric ticket-issuing machine is introduced. This year also sees the first appearance of the famous roundel symbol

1911

London's first escalators are installed at Earl's Court station

1929

The last manually-operated doors on Tube trains are replaced by air-operated doors

1933
1940

Between September 1940 and May 1945, most Tube station platforms are used as air raid shelters. Some, like the Piccadilly line, Holborn - Aldwych branch, are closed to store British Museum treasures

1948

The London Passenger Transport Board was nationalised and now becomes the London Transport Executive

1952

The first aluminium train enters service on the District line

1961

Sees the end of the steam and electric locomotive haulage of London Transport passenger trains

1963

The London Transport Executive becomes the London Transport Board, reporting directly to the Minister of Transport

1969

The Queen opens the Victoria line

1970

The London Transport Executive takes over the Underground and the Greater London area bus network, reporting to Greater London Council

1971
1975

A fatal accident on the Northern line at Moorgate kills 43 people. New safety measures were introduced

1977

The Queen opens Heathrow Central station (Terminals 1 2 3) on the Piccadilly line

1979

The Prince of Wales opens the Jubilee line

1980

A museum about the birthplace of modern urban transportation, called Brunel Engine House, opens to the public

1983

Dot matrix train destination indicators introduced on platforms.

1984

The Hammersmith & City and the Circle lines convert to one-person operation

1986

The Piccadilly line is extended to serve Heathrow Terminal 4

1987

A tragic fire at King's Cross station kills 31 people

1989

New safety and fire regulations are introduced following the Fennell Report into the King's Cross fire

1992

The London Underground Customer Charter is launched

1993
1994
1999
2003
2005

52 people are killed in bomb attacks on three Tube trains and a bus on 7 July

2007
2008
2009
2010
2011

Giessen, Netherlands

Gießen is also a city in Hesse, Germany.

Giessen is a village in the municipality of Altena, Province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.

About 1,500 people are living there.

It lies at the Alm River and close to the Afgedamde Maas.


Arrondissement of Dunkirk

The arrondissement of Dunkirk is an arrondissement of France, in the Nord department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Dunkirk.

When the Nord department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Dunkirk, as "arrondissement" of Bergues, was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Dunkirk is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Nord department. It borders with Belgium to the east, the Lille "arrondissement" to the southeast and the Pas-de-Calais department to the south and west. The North Sea is to the north of the "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Dunkirk is the largest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has a population of 378,499 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Dunkirk are:

The "arrondissement" of Dunkirk has 111 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Valenciennes

The arrondissement of Valenciennes, also known as Valenciennois, is an arrondissement of France, in the Nord department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital is the city of Valenciennes.

When the Nord department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Valenciennes was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Valenciennes is one of the central "arrondissement" of the Nord department. It borders with Belgium to the north, the Avesnes-sur-Helpe "arrondissement" to the east, the Cambrai "arrondissement" to the south and the Douai "arrondissement" to the west.

The "arrondissement" of Valenciennes is the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has a population of 351,073 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Valenciennes are:

The "arrondissement" of Valenciennes has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


AF Waltrip

AF Waltrip also known as AF Course-Waltrip is a former professional sportscar team. The company is as a 50–50 partnership between Michael Waltrip Racing NASCAR co-owners Michael Waltrip and Rob Kauffman. In 2011 Michael Waltrip Racing entered into a technical alliance with AF Corse to provide them sportscars to race in the FIA World Endurance Championship and Tudor United SportsCar Championship (formerly Rolex Sports Car Series). AF Course-Waltrip shut down their sportscar team in 2013 to concentrate on NASCAR.

 There was no drivers championship that year, the result indicates team rank in the LMGTE Am Trophy.

Akbar Eftekhari

Akbar Eftekhari () (7 December 1943 – 9 November 2017) was an Iranian football player. He played for Iran national football team.

Eftekhari died on 7 December 1943 at the age of 73.

Kenting National Park

Kenting National Park (), also known as just Kenting (), is a national park in Pingtung County, Taiwan. It was created on 1 January 1984. It is Taiwan's oldest and southernmost national park. It is also Taiwan's most popular national park. Five million people went to Kenting in 2016.

The meaning of "Kenting" is pathfinders or pioneers.

The park was the home of many Aboriginal cultures. Seventeen prehistoric sites have been found in the park. Most sites are over 4000 years old. The Puyama tribe, which is the main tribe in the area, the Ami tribe, and the Siraiya Makatau tribe lived in the area.

The Eluanbi Lighthouse was built near the tip of Taiwan in the late 1800s. This was because there were many shipwrecks near the area, including the American Rover incident. The lighthouse took twenty years to build. Aboriginal tribes had also attacked the lighthouse because they did not want it on their land. Because of that, the Chinese military had to guard the area. The lighthouse is the only armed lighthouse in Taiwan. During World War II, while under Japanese rule, there were many bombings on the lighthouse during the Aerial Battle of Taiwan-Okinawa. The lighthouse was soon rebuilt.

Kenting National Park was created in 1984 by Chiang Ching-kuo. The area had damage from farming and building, so it was created to protect the land.

In 2001, a Greek ship, the "Amorgos", lost power while sailing to China close to the park. In 2010, the hull of the ship split. It spilt 1100 tonnes of oil which collected around the park's shoreline. It caused major damage to the sea and wildlife. Almost of the shore was affected by the spill. It affected 200 bird species and 2200 plant species in the park. It killed many crabs, fish, and clams.

Kenting is surrounded by the Pacific Ocean in the east, the Taiwan Strait in the west and the Bashi Channel in the south. The park covers almost . It has of land and of sea.

The park is in an area with a lot of tectonic activity.

The park has many species of plants and animals. It has 15 species of mammals, 310 species of birds, 59 species of reptiles and amphibians, 21 species of fish, 216 species of butterflies, and many species of insects.

A lot of whales used to spend the winter in the sea around the park. During the Japanese rule, whaling caused disappearances of the whales. There aren't any whales in the area now.

During the fall and the winter, a lot of migrating birds fly to the park to rest and feed. Almost 235 of the species of birds come to the park during this time.

The park has a tropical climate. It has warm and hot weather for the whole year. The temperature in January is . In July it can get to . Rainfall is spread out over the whole year.

Many people come to Kenting to do snorkelling, scuba diving, swimming, and hiking. There are also many nature parks, museums, and beaches in the area. They include the Sheding Nature Park, Eluanbi Lighthouse, the National Museum of Marine Biology and Aquarium, and the Jialeshui Beach.


Arrondissement of Lille

The arrondissement of Lille is an arrondissement of France, in the Nord department, Hauts-de-France region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Lille.

When the Nord department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Lille was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Lille is one of the central "arrondissement" of the Nord department. It borders with Belgium to the north and east, the Douai "arrondissement" to the southeast, the Pas-de-Calais department to the south and west, and the Dunkirk "arrondissement" to the northwest.

The "arrondissement" of Lille has an area of . It has a population of 1,232,513 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Lille are:

The "arrondissement" of Lille has 124 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Avon Products

Avon Products, Inc. (known simply as Avon) is a direct-selling company. It sells beauty products, personal care products and cosmetics, like perfume, soap, deodorant, lipstick, powders and nail polish.

The company was founded in 1886. It was incorporated in New York City in 1916. 

In 2016, Avon sold its American business. It now operates outside of the United States. It plans to move into the United Kingdom.

The original name of the company was California Perfume Company.

In 1989, Avon phased out animal testing.

Kim Guadagno

Kimberly Ann Guadagno (born as Kimberly Ann McFadden on April 13, 1959) is an American attorney, politician, former prosecutor and sheriff. She was also the Lieutenant Governor of the U.S. State of New Jersey from 2010 through 2018.

Before Lieutenant Governor, Guadagno was also the Secretary of State in New Jersey.

She was the 2009 and 2013 running mate for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.

Guadagno was born in Waterloo, Iowa. She moved to New Jersey around 1991.

Guadagno was a candidate for Governor of New Jersey in the 2017 gubernatorial election, but lost to Democrat Phil Murphy.

Adela of Champagne

Adela of Champagne (; c. 1140 – 4 June 1206; also known as Adelaide and Alix) was Queen of France as the third wife of Louis VII. She was the daughter of Theobald II, Count of Champagne, and Matilda of Carinthia. She was named after her grandmother, Adela of Normandy.

Louis and Adela married on 18 October 1160. They had two children. Their son was Philip II. Philip was Louis's only son. Their daughter was the Byzantine empress Agnes.

When Adela's husband died in 1180, her son became king. In 1190, she acted as regent while Philip was away on the Third Crusade.

Queen Adela died on 4 June 1206 in Paris, Île-de-France, France. She was buried in the church of Pontigny Abbey near Auxerre.

Duffer Brothers

Matt Duffer and Ross Duffer (born February 15, 1984), better known as The Duffer Brothers, are American writers, directors and producers of movies and television. They are best known for creating the Netflix science fiction/horror series "Stranger Things" (2016–present). They wrote and directed the movie "Hidden" (2015). The Duffers also wrote episodes of the Fox series "Wayward Pines" (2015–2016).

The Duffers were born in Durham, North Carolina. They are twin brothers. They moved to California in 2007.


The Son of a Migrant from Syria

The Son of a Migrant from Syria is a 2015 artwork by graffiti artist Banksy. 

Passendale

Passendale is a village in the municipality of Zonnebeke in West Flanders, Belgium. It is close to the town of Ypres, situated on the hill ridge separating the historical wetlands of the Yser and Leie valleys.

Alyssa

Alyssa is a girls name similar to the name Alice. It means beautiful. It also is similar to the flower Alyssyum.Alyssa is a beautiful name of Greek origin.2021, ranked 233 in all U.S. newborn names.


Hurricane Rick (2009)

Hurricane Rick was a Category 5 major hurricane in the year 2009. It was the third most intense hurricane ever recorded in the whole Pacific.

Edzná

Edzná is a Mayan archaeological site. It is in the north of the Mexican state of Campeche. The site is open to visitors.

Hind bint Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani

Hind bint Hamad Al-Thani (born 15 August 1984, Doha, Qatar) is the Vice Chairperson and current CEO of Qatar Foundation. Additionally, Sheikha Hind is the Chairperson of the Executive Committee of the Supreme Education Council (SEC), and the Board of Directors of the Global Social Responsibility Alliance. She is also Co-Chairperson of the Joint Advisory Board of Northwestern University Qatar. She holds an Executive MBA (EMBA) from HEC Paris in Qatar, a Master’s degree in Human Rights from University College London in the United Kingdom, and a bachelor's degree from Duke University In the United States.

She is a former student of HEC Paris in Qatar.

Hillsboro, Ohio

Hillsboro is a city in Ohio, United States. It is the county seat of Highland County. 6,481 people lived in Hillsboro, according to information from the 2020 census.

The plan of Hillsboro was mapped in 1807, and most likely named for the hills near the original town site.

Kharp

Kharp () is an urban settlement in the Priuralsky District of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. This is in Western Siberia, the Asian part of Russia. It is on the bank of the Sob River. Its population in 2019 was 5,941.

Bekbol Sagyn

Bekbol Sagyn currently serves as Akim (known as head of local government) of the Aktobe District, Aktobe Region, Kazakhstan. He came to the position simply because his predecessor had moved to a new employment.

Sagyn was born in 1972. He enrolled in the Kazakh State Academy of Management. He later transferred to the Kazakh Humanitarian Law University, and later graduated from the Kazakh Engineering and Technical Academy with an undergraduate degree. Sagyn later received a graduate degree in economic sciences.

Shawn Levy

Shawn Adam Levy (born July 23, 1968) is a Canadian director, producer and actor of movies and television. He directed the movies "Big Fat Liar" (2002), "Just Married" (2003), "Cheaper by the Dozen" (2003), "The Pink Panther" (2006), "Night at the Museum" (2006), "" (2009), "Date Night" (2010), "Real Steel" (2011), "The Internship" (2013), "This Is Where I Leave You" (2014) and "" (2014). He has also directed episodes of television shows such as "The Secret World of Alex Mack", "The Famous Jett Jackson" and "Stranger Things".

Levy was born in Montreal, Quebec. He is married to Serena and has four children. He is Jewish.

Taeyeon

Kim Taeyeon (born March 9, 1989), known simply as Taeyeon is a South Korean singer. She is the leader and main vocalist of the girl group Girls' Generation and is also a member of the sub-units Girls' Generation-TTS and Girls' Generation-Oh!GG, of the supergroup GOT the beat and of the SM the Ballad project, all under the label SM Entertainment. Taeyeon is one of the most successful soloists in South Korea, along with Lee Hyori, BoA and Hyuna.

After winning a contest, she signed a contract with S.M. Entertainment and in 2007 she made her debut as a member of Girls' Generation with the single "Into the New World". Taeyeon debuted as a solo artist in 2015 with her first mini album, I. She ranked second in Gaon Album Chart of South Korea and her single sold more than one million digital copies. Her second mini album, Why, released in 2016, ranked second in Gaon Album Chart and her singles, "Starlight" and "Why", entered the Top 10 of Gaon Digital Chart. Her first studio album, "My Voice", released in 2017 and their two singles "I Got Love " and "Fine" achieved similar success.

Taeyeon was born on March 9, 1989 in Seoul, South Korea. Her family is made up of her parents, her older brother and her younger sister. At the age of thirteen, Taeyeon discovered that she was talented in singing. During her high school years, she enrolled in the SM Academy and travelled from Jeonju to Seoul every Sunday to receive her vocal training. In 2004, her former vocal instructor, Jung Sun-won, also known as The One, wanted to recognise the potential of Taeyeon and gave her the opportunity to be in his song "You Bring Me Joy". Later, she won in SM Youth Best Competition and, officially, got a contract with S.M. Entertainment. Taeyeon continued her training under her agency and debuted as part of Girls' Generation in 2007. In 2008, she graduated from Jeonju Art High School, winning the Lifetime Achievement Award. In the pre-debut era, Taeyeon was inspired by singer BoA to become an artist. In her teens she said she wanted to be like her and have activities in Japan and around the world, which later became a reality when Girls' Generation debuted in Japan in 2010.

Taeyeon made her debut as a member of the South Korean girl group Girls' Generation in August 2007. Due to the pressure of being the group's leader, she experienced sleepwalking for a while. Apart from the activities with Girls' Generation, Kim has made several solo appearances.

In 2008, she released two singles, "If" for the KBS 2TV drama "Hong Gil Dong" and "Can You Hear Me" for "Beethoven Virus" of MBC. The song "If" became popular in various charts online, with Hankyung describing Taeyeon as having "an exceptional voice and a sad tone". While "Can You Hear Me" received a popularity award at the 2008 Golden Disk Awards. In 2014 in an interview, Taeyeon described the latter's song as one more difficult to sing, she explains that the introduction had to be delivered as if someone is talking, instead of singing. In the same year, she also had a duet with an artist from S.M. Entertainment, Kangta, in the song "7989". It was featured on the "Girls' Generation" album by Girls' Generation.

In April 2008, Taeyeon became a DJ on the radio program Kangin Tae-yeon's Chin Chin Radio along with her agency partner, Super Junior's Kangin. After Kangin left the show in April 2009, it was renamed Tae-yeon's Chin Chin Radio. Taeyeon became an independent radio presenter and continued until April 2010. She earned the nickname "DJ Taengoo" while still on the show.

In January 2011, Taeyeon appeared on the MBC show, "We Got Married", along with comedian Jeong Hyeong-don. They acted as a couple, portrayed what life would be like if they were married. When this news was announced, it caused a stir in the country due to the age difference of eleven years between the two. She participated in the song "SEOUL" (with Super Junior and Girls' Generation) as an effort to promote tourism for the city of Seoul in South Korea. In September 2009, Taeyeon released the song, "It's Love," accompanied by her Sunny group partner for the MBC program, "Heading to the Ground".

From February to August 2010, Taeyeon became a presenter for the KBS 2TV show, "Win Win", alongside Wooyoung of 2PM, Choi Hwa-jung, Kim Shin-soung and Kim Seung-woo. On May 7 of the same year, she had her musical debut as interpreting the main role in "Midnight Sun", which is based on the Japanese novel "Taiyō no uta" by Aya Denkawa. The musical was about Kaoru Amane, a 17-year-old girl who she suffers from xeroderma pigmentosa, which forbids her from going out during the day. She maintains her hopes for writing songs and singing every night at a train station; Taeyeon received good reviews for her performance. She also learned to play the guitar for her performance. Reflecting on her experience, Taeyeon stated that the musical was difficult for her, citing that her weak concentration made her act and sing at the same time. It was difficult for her. Taeyeon released a song, "Like A Star", accompanied by his former trainer The One, as well as a solo song, "I Love You," for the SBS drama, "Athena: Goddess of War". The previous song reached number one on Gaon's digital list. The previous song reached number one on the digital list of Gaon42 and the last reached the second place.

In 2011, Taeyeon made a duet with Kim Bum-soo, singing "Different". The song won second place in Gaon. The two singers met again at a concert two years later for another collaboration entitled "Man and Woman".

Taeyeon and her bandmate, Seohyun, participated as voice actresses for the Korean versions of the films "Despicable Me" (2010) and its sequel "Despicable Me 2" (2013). They interpreted the voice of the characters of Margo and her sister, Edith, respectively. On March 28, 2012, after releasing the single "Missing You Like Crazy" for the melodrama of MBC, "The King 2 Hearts", the song peaked number two in Gaon and Korea K-Pop Hot 100 on "Billboard".

The singer had previously rejected the offer to sing the song due to the short time she had due to the schedule with Girls' Generation. However, she made a promise to the musical director, Lee Pil-ho, who would collaborate again after working with him on the soundtrack of "Beethoven Virus". He stated that he had not considered anyone other than Taeyeon to sing the song. The song was finally chosen as the most popular soundtrack of the year in 2012 Seoul Drama Awards. In the same year, another song, "Closer", for the SBS drama, "To The Beautiful You" was ranked number seven on several lists.
In May 2012, Taeyeon, along with two of her bandmates, Tiffany and Seohyun, formed the Girls' Generation-TTS (or TTS) sub-group, releasing their first EP titled, "Twinkle". The sub-group has a different concept and style from Girls' Generation placing its focus on the vocal capacity of each member, while the latter stands out in their songs and performances. The three members also became hosts to the MBC music program, "Show! Music Core", from February 2012 to April 2013.

In January 2013, Taeyeon returned to MBC as a guest DJ on the Shindong show, "Shimshimtapa", along with her bandmate Tiffany. The two singers also made a duet singing "Lost Love," which appeared on Girls' Generation Generation's fourth Korean album, "I Got a Boy".

On March 13, 2013, Taeyeon released the song "A One" for the SBS drama, "That Winter, the Wind Blows". Was ranked in the first place in Korea K-Pop Hot 100 and reached number two in the Gaon Digital Chart. The song was written and composed by Kangta, expressing the abundant emotions of an unfortunate love.

On July 9, 2013, Taeyeon lent her voice to the song "Bye" for the movie "Mr. Go". The song, this time, was not as successful on the music charts.

In February 2014, Taeyeon joined the ballad group, SM the Ballad, formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2010. In the second album, "SM the Ballad Vol. 2 - Breath", she did a duet with Jonghyun for the song "Breath" as well as her solo song "Set Me Free". "Breath" was the theme of Mnet's mini-drama, "Mimi". The song was also within the top 10 of Gaon and Korea K-Pop Hot 100.

In March 2014, Taeyeon recorded the song "Colorful" for the JTBC campaign, "The World Is More Beautiful Because We're Different".

On May 30, 2014, Taeyeon released the song "Love, That One Word" for the drama "You're All Surrounded" of SBS. The song has peaked the top ten in several lists. At mid-year, Taeyeon concentrated on her activities with the TTS sub-group. They released their second EP, "Holler", in September 2014; the album debuted in the first place of Billboard World Albums and Gaon Weekly Charts. Taeyeon took responsibility for the selection of the album's single. During the promotion period, the three singers performed on the reality show, "The TaeTiSeo". The show had a more personal and close side focusing on the three singers, revealing how they live their normal daily life. Taeyeon declared: "If it were not for the passionate members of Girls' Generation, I would not have had the opportunity to sing."

In February 2015, she participated in the music video of the song "Shake That Brass" by Amber Liu for her solo debut. Amber revealed that she personally asked Taeyeon if she could collaborate on the song.

In September 2015, Taeyeon released a new version of the song "Scars Deeper Than Love" in a duet with Yim Jae-beom.

In October 2015, Taeyeon debuted as a solo artist releasing her first EP titled "I". In that same month S.M. Entertainment, released a music video with the album's single. Her brother, Ji-woong, made a short appearance in the music video. Taeyeon also had her first titled concert, Tae-yeon's Very Special Day at SM COEX Artium. 
In November 2015, she appeared in "If The World Was a Perfect Place," a song from Verbal Jint's sixth album.

On December 4, Taeyeon won an award as "Best Female Artist" in the Mnet Asian Music Awards. After the success of her first solo album, S.M. announced on December 18 that Taeyeon began preparing for a second album that was published in 2016.

On January 22, 2016, she appeared in "Don't Forget", a digital single from Crush. The single was well received, leading several musical lists. Following the success of her first solo album, "Rain", was released as a digital single to start the project, "SM Station", along with the release of a music video and accompanied by the single, "Secret" on 3 February 2016. "Rain" won her first win on the "Inkigayo" music show on February 14.

In April 2016, Taeyeon released a new version of the song "Blue Night of Jeju Island" for the mineral water of the Samdasoo brand. The song managed to head several music lists without making a promotion.

On May 13, 2016, it was announced that Taeyeon was selected as the promotion model for the MMORPG video game by Kakao, "Sword and Magic" and for the remake of the song "Atlantis Princess" by her labelmate BoA. She also held her first solo concert, Butterfly Kiss in Seoul, from 9 to 10 July and Busan, from 6 to 7 August.

After recording "All With You" for the drama "Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo" of SBS, released her next single, "", in November 2016. The song peaked at number two on Gaon Digital Chart and was chosen by Billboard as the seventh best K-pop song of the year. Auto-described the single as an easy song to listen to remember and remember the autumn, she later revealed an acoustic version of it on YouTube. With her work of 2016, she was honored by "The Dong-a Ilbo" as Voice of the Year, Singer of the Year and Most Hardworking Artist. She won for the second time the award for Best Female Artist at the 2016 Mnet Asian Music Awards.

After being in the production process for over a year, Taeyeon's first studio album, "My Voice", was released in February 2017, producing a single titled "Fine". Before the release of the album, a music video for the song "I Got Love" was released as a promotional song.

On May 5, 2017, a deluxe edition of "My Voice" was published. The edition contains the original songs and three new ones added to the disc, including the single "Make Me Love You" and "11:11", the latter being published digitally in 2016.

Taeyeon embarked on her first Asian tour, Persona, in May 2017, becoming the first member of Girls' Generation to do a solo tour in Asia.

In February 2014, Taeyeon started a relationship with an artist of S.M. Entertainment, Baekhyun of EXO. In September 2015, the label confirmed that they were finished.

At the 2016 Mnet Asian Music Awards in Hong Kong, Taeyeon and American rapper Wiz Khalifa, they had to sing the song "See You Again" from the soundtrack of "Furious 7", but the collaboration was canceled. Many fans expressed their disappointment at the failed collaboration, and Wiz Khalifa referred to the situation, writing on his Twitter account: "The fact that Taeyeon backed down with our performance took me too much off guard, but never accept rejection as a failure". However, Taeyeon through her Instagram account explained the reason why she canceled her presentation with Khalifa.






Kamehameha I

Kamehameha I (about 1736–1819) was the first king of Hawaii. 
Kamehameha was born about 1736, probably during the winter. His parents were Keoua and Keku‘iapoiwa II. They were cousins. Their grandfather was Keawe‘ikekahiali‘iokamoku, who had been the boss ("ali‘i nui") of the big island of Hawaii. When Keawe‘ikekahiali‘iokamoku died, there was a civil war. Keoua and his brother Kalani‘opu‘u lost, and Alapa‘inui won. Keoua lived with Alapa‘inui for a while, but he died when Kamehameha was still a little boy. Kamehameha left and lived with his uncle Kalani‘opu‘u. 

When Kamehameha's uncle died in 1782, his cousin Kiwala‘o became the new boss of the big island of Hawaii. Kamehameha became the head priest for the Hawaiian god of war Kuka‘ilimoku and the leader of the Waipi‘o Valley. He and his cousin started to fight because Kamehameha showed more respect to the gods than to his cousin. Some leaders in Kona joined him. They beat Kiwala‘o at the Battle of Moku‘ohai, and Kamehameha became the leader of Kona, Kohala, and Hamakua on Hawaii Island.

At that time, there were people who said that they could see the future. They told a prophecy that Kamehameha would bring Hawaii together and even unite the people of Polynesia as far away as the Maoris in New Zealand. Kamehameha began to plan to unite all the kingdoms of the different islands. He started buying guns and bullets from British and American sailors who came to Hawaii while they hunted whales. Captain Brown began to bring him gunpowder from China and taught him how to it from sulfur, saltpeter, and charcoal on Hawaii. Isaac Davis and John Young stayed on Hawaii, married Hawaiian women, and taught Kamehameha's men how to use and fix guns.

Kamehameha took Puna from its leader Keawema‘uhili in 1790. Keoua Ku‘ahu‘ula tried to take over his land while he was busy fighting, but Kamehameha was able to come back with his men in time. Keoua Ku‘ahu‘ula ran away past the volcano Kilauea and lost many men because of poison gas. The next year, Kamehameha invited him to visit. When Keoua Ku‘ahu‘ula came, he and his protectors were all killed. Kamehameha was now the boss of the big island of Hawaii.

Kamehameha now had 960 war canoes and about 10,000 men. He took Maui and Molokai at the Battle of Kawela in 1795. 

Kamehameha then attacked Oahu, landing his men at Wai‘alae and Waikiki. His helper Ka‘iana was really helping his enemy Kalanikupule. He helped make special safe places for Kalanikupule's cannon on top of the Pali Mountains. This caused Kamehameha to lose many men until he sent many to climb the other side of the mountains and hit the cannon from behind. 400 Oahu men were forced over the side of the mountains' cliff. Ka‘iana was killed in the battle, and Kalanikupule was caught and given as a gift to the war god Kuka‘ilimoku.

Kamehameha got Kaumuali‘i, the leader of Kauai, to work for him in April 1810 and, in this way, at last became the only leader of all the Hawaiian Islands. Other angry leaders wanted to kill Kaumuali‘i with poison at a big dinner but Isaac Davis heard about their plan and told him ahead of time.

Kamehameha made Kamakahonu in Kona his home after about 1812. He wanted the Hawaiian Islands to stay together after he died. He made all the islands use the same laws. He used his taxes to increase the islands' trade with Europe and the United States. He thought about bringing in Christianity to the islands, but decided that the Hawaiian gods that he had followed so far were strong in spirit and had brought him his success. He had somewhere between 20 and 30 wives and about 35 children, including 17 sons and 18 daughters. 

Kamehameha died on May 8 or 14, 1819. No one is sure where his body was put, because the Hawaiians thought people could use the spiritual power of the dead and the king's close friends Hoapili and Ho‘olulu hid his body carefully. His children by his wife Keopuolani followed him as the leaders of Hawaii and are known as the House of Kamehameha.

Mohamed Salah

Mohamed Salah (Egyptian ; born 15 June 1992) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Egypt national team. He plays as a forward.

He was born in Nagrig, Gharbia. He married Magi Salah in 2013 and In 2014, his daughter Makkah Salah was born

Salah started his football career in Egypt playing for El Mokawloon from 2006 to 2012. He joined Swiss side Basel in 2012, winning the Swiss Super League twice during his time there. In 2014, he joined Premier League side Chelsea, becoming the first ever Egyptian player to play with Chelsea. However, he was sent on loan to the Serie A clubs Fiorentina and Roma, before signing with Roma completely in 2016. Following a second place finish in Serie A with Roma, he joined the Premier League once again, signing for Liverpool in June 2017. In 2017, he was named the ‘African Footballer of the Year’ by BBC and CAF.

In his first season with Liverpool, Salah scored 44 goals for Liverpool and made the final of the UEFA Champions League, losing 3–1 to Real Madrid. Also in his first season, he won the Premier League Golden Boot and PFA Players' Player of the Year, scoring 32 goals in the Premier League. This broke the record for most goals in a 38-game Premier League season. The 2018–19 season saw Liverpool make the final of the UEFA Champions League again. In the match, Salah scored a penalty as his side defeated Tottenham Hotspur 2–0. The same season, he was the joint-winner of the Premier League Golden Boot with 22 goals, winning the award for the second season in a row. He also received the FIFA Puskas Award, African Player of the Year, and FWA Footballer of the Year. In the 2019/20 season, Salah scored 23 goals as Liverpool won the Premier League for the first time. The following season, he scored 31 goals and helped Liverpool secure qualification for the UEFA Champions League, finishing 3rd in the Premier League. In 2021, Mohamed Salah became the first player in the history of the English club to score in 10 consecutive matches. With his goals, Mohamed Salah reached the tenth goal during his career in the English Premier League. 

Salah has played for Egypt since 2011. He has played for his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics and at the 2018 FIFA World Cup. perfect..

Basel

Liverpool

Egypt

Individual

Europe

England

Liverpool

Egypt

Italy


Göksel Gümüşdağ

Göksel Gümüşdağ (born 10 October 1972, Istanbul) is a Turkish businessman, former president of İstanbul Başakşehir and former Vice President of the Türkiye Futbol Federasyonu. He is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of LTD.

Gümüşdağ was born in Istanbul on October 10, 1972. He graduated from Anadolu University Economics and Bilgi University Business Administration Department.

In 2014, he was elected president of Istanbul Başakşehir from Süper League teams. He is still a member of the Istanbul Bilgi University Board of Trustees.

Michael Imperioli

Michael Imperioli (born March 26, 1966) is an American actor, writer and director. He is best known for the role of Christopher Moltisanti in the HBO drama series "The Sopranos". The role earned him a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2004. He has also had roles in movies and television shows such as "Goodfellas", "The Addiction", "The Lovely Bones", "Clockers", "Law & Order", "Californication" and "Hawaii Five-0".

Imperioli was born in Mount Vernon, New York, to an Italian American family. He married Victoria Chlebowski in 1995. The couple have three children.

Alan MacDiarmid

Alan G. MacDiarmid (April 14, 1927 – February 7, 2007) was a New Zealand chemist. He received the 2000 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Alan Heeger and Hideki Shirakawa for "the discovery and development of conductive polymers". 

He was born in Masterton, New Zealand and died in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania, United States.

Denudation

In geology, denudation includes the procedures that reason the wearing ceaselessly of the Earth's surface by moving water, by ice, by wind and by waves, prompting a lessening in rise and in alleviation of landforms and of scenes.

Recruitment (biology)

Recruitment is the number of new individuals that are added to a population of animals.

Cyclone Dirk

Cyclone Dirk was a large and deep European windstorm. It affected Western Europe from Iberia to Iceland. It formed on December 21, 2013 and dissipated on December 27, 2013. The storm caused 6 deaths.

On land the low pressure during the storm was measured at on 24 December at Stornoway, Isle of Lewis off the north west coast of Scotland.

Shelby County, Alabama

Shelby County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. The county seat is Columbiana.

Fred Cole

Fred Cole (August 28, 1948 – November 9, 2017) was an American rock singer-songwriter and guitarist. He played with several bands since the 1960s, most notably The Lollipop Shoppe, Dead Moon, and Pierced Arrows.

Cole died of liver disease on November 9, 2017 at his home in Clackamas, Oregon at the age of 69.


Chuck Mosley

Charles Henry Mosley III (December 26, 1959 – November 9, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter. He was best known as the frontman for Faith No More from 1984 to 1988. During his time with the band, they released two albums, "We Care a Lot" and "Introduce Yourself".

Mosley died on November 9, 2017 from complications of alcoholism in Cleveland, Ohio at the age of 57.


Priyan

Priyan (April 1964 – 9 November 2017) was an Indian cinematographer. He has worked on Tamil language movies. He was born in Virudhunagar, Tamil Nadu. His best known works are "Porkkaalam" (1997), "Desiya Geetham" (1998), "Vetri Kodi Kattu" (1999), "Thenali" (2000), "Star" (2001) and "Majunu" (2001).

Priyan died of a heart attack in Chennai, India on 9 November 2017 at the age of 53.


Shyla Stylez

Amanda Friedland (September 23, 1982 – November 9, 2017), better known by her stage name Shyla Stylez, was a Canadian pornographic actress. She was born in Armstrong, British Columbia. She started as a stripper and a webcam model.

She was known for her works in "My Plaything: Shyla Stylez" and "". In 2010, she was named by "Maxim" as one of the 12 top female stars in porn. In 2005, she temporarily left the adult industry. She returned to pornography in 2006.

From 2002 through 2003, Stylez was married to Bob Friedland.

Stylez was found dead at her home in Armstrong, British Columbia on November 9, 2017 at the age of 35.


Mikhail Nikolayevich Zadornov

Mikhail Nikolayevich Zadornov (; July 21, 1948 – November 10, 2017) was a Soviet and Russian stand-up comedian and writer. He was born in Jūrmala, Latvian SSR, USSR. His humour is national stereotype and national mentality. From 2006 until his death, Zadornov had incorporated Chudinov-style wordplay into his sketches, based on folk etymology

In March 2014 he signed a letter in support of the position of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin on accession of the Crimea to Russia.

Zadornov died of brain cancer in Moscow, Russia on November 10, 2017 at the age of 69.


Daqing

Daqing (; used to be romanized as Taching) is a city in Heilongjiang province, China. Daqing is a prefecture-level city, which means it ranks below a province and above a county. The city is called the "Oil Capital of China" because oil was discovered at the Daqing Oil Field in 1959. It is one of China's most well-known places because of this.

The population of Daqing was 2,963,458 in 2010. Close to 1,400,000 people lived in the urban parts of town.

In 1898, Russia built the Chinese Eastern Railway in the area. There is a station called Sartu in the area that is still in use.

In 1959, oil was found in the Daqing Oil Field. It stopped the oil shortage in China. It was the largest oil field in the 1960s to the 1980s. It has 48 oil and gas fields. In 1960, the oil field began production. Over the next 50 years, the oil field produced over 50 million tons of oil. It has produced more than 40% of China's oil exports. It is the second most productive oil and gas field in China.

In 1959, a town close to the Daqing Oil Field was created. It was to house workers and to help companies and industries use the resources. In 1960, another city was created nearby, named Anda City. This city controlled the Daqing Oil Field area. The town grew too large eventually and became a special administrative region. In 1979, the city was renamed Daqing, after the oil field.

In the 1960s, Mao Zedong said the slogan "In industry, learn from Daqing". It meant that Daqing was very important for the Chinese industry. Daqing oil workers set an example for how cities in China should be.

Daqing has protested the Chinese government sometimes. In 2002, close to 100,000 oil workers from Daqing and Liaoyang gathered to protest how the government handled money and paid them. In 2017, there were plans to build an aluminum plant in Daqing. Thousands of people protested against the plans.

Daqing is in the Songnen Plain, in a flat area. It has an average elevation of . The city is southeast of Harbin and northwest of Qiqihar.

Daqing's economy is mainly based on oil and petroleum. There are lots of major pipelines that transport oil to and from the rest of China and Russia. In 2013, Russia agreed to send oil to China. That oil will be going through the pipeline to Daqing. Close to 60% of the gross domestic product (GDP) was because of petroleum and oil exports. Daqing had a GDP of 298 billion renminbi in 2015.

Daqing exports over 10 million tonnes of oil each year. Wax, tar, and benzene were also exported to countries including the United States. The main exports are oil and gas, construction materials, food, and furniture.

Daqing is a major railway stop in Heilongjiang. It connects two major railways, the Harbin-Manzhouli Railway and the Tongliao-Ranghulu Railway. It also has three major railway stations. Daqing also has an airport, the Daqing Sartu Airport. It opened on 1 September 2009. It has flights to large cities like Beijing, Guangzhou, and Shanghai. Daqing is linked to the Chinese highway network through the G45 Daqing-Guangzhou Expressway and the G10 Suifenhe-Manzhouli Expressway.


Sophia (robot)

Sophia is a human-like robot. Sophia was developed by Hong Kong-based company Hanson Robotics. The robot has been designed to learn and adapt to human behavior and work with humans. Sopia has also been interviewed around the world. In October 2017, Sophia became a citizen of Saudi Arabia. This means Sophia is the first robot to receive citizenship of a country. The robot is designed to look like British actress Audrey Hepburn (1929–1993).

Nellie Bly

Elizabeth Cochrane Seaman (born Elizabeth Jane Cochran; May 5, 1864 – January 27, 1922), better known by her pen name Nellie Bly, was an American journalist, novelist and inventor. She was a newspaper reporter, who worked at various jobs for exposing poor working conditions. Nellie Bly, also, fought for women's right and was known for investigative reporting. She best known for her record-breaking trip around the world in 72 days, inspired by the adventure novel "Around the World in Eighty Days" by Jules Verne. tcugccuthe 1880s, she went undercover as a mentally ill patient in a psychiatric hospital for ten days, with the report being made public in a book called ""Ten Days in a Mad-House"". She was added to the National Women's Hall of Fame in 1998.

Bly was born in Cochran's Mills, Pennsylvania. She married industrialist Robert Seaman in 1895. After his death in 1904, Bly took over his company.

Bly died of pneumonia on January 27, 1922 in New York City. She was 57.


Carlos Dívar

José Carlos Dívar Blanco (December 31, 1941 – November 11, 2017) was a Spanish government official. He was born in Málaga, Spain. He was President of the General Council of the Judiciary and the Supreme Court from September 2008 to June 2012.

He was the President of the National Court from 2001 to 2008. He resigned in June 2012 when it was uncovered a scandal of alleged misappropriation of public funds.

Dívar died of pulmonary edema in Madrid on November 11, 2017 at the age of 75.

Valery Rozov

Valery Rozov (December 26, 1964 – November 11, 2017) was a Russian BASE jumper. He was born in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.

On May 5, 2013, Rozov set a world record when he jumped off Changtse (the north peak of the Mount Everest massif) from a height of 7,220 metres (23,690 ft). He glided down to the Rongbuk glacier more than 1,000 meters below.

Rozov died on 11 November 2017 while jumping from a height of 6,812 meters (22,349 ft) off Ama Dablam mountain in Nepal at the age of 52.

Ian Wachtmeister

Count Ian Melcher Shering Wachtmeister af Johannishus (; 24 December 1932 – 11 November 2017) was a Swedish businessman and politician. He was a member of the Swedish Riksdag from 1991 to 1994. He was born in Nääs, Sweden. Together with record company owner Bert Karlsson he founded the populist political party "New Democracy", and as party leader achieved parliamentary representation in the 1991 general election from Örebro County.

Wachtmeister died of lymphoma on 11 November 2017 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 84.

Tamara Natalie Madden

Tamara Natalie Madden (August 16, 1975 – November 4, 2017) was a Jamaican-born American painter and mixed-media artist working. Madden's paintings are allegories whose subjects are the people of the African diaspora. After her solo exhibition in 2004, Madden relocated near Atlanta, Georgia. She was born in Kingston, Jamaica. She studied at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.

Her first solo exhibition was in 2004, and it got her an interview with the late James Auer of the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel". In 2007, Madden debuted a series entitled, "Kings & Queens", which focused on heightening the everyday person. Her work continues to focus on recognizing nobility, honor and respect in those often overlooked by society.

Madden died of ovarian cancer on November 4, 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 42.

Jack Ralite

Jack Ralite (14 May 1928 – 12 November 2017) was a French politician. He was elected in 1973 to the Seine-Saint-Denis constituency for the French Communist Party. In 1981 he became Minister for Health and Minister for Employment from 1981 to 1984. In 1984 he became Mayor of Aubervilliers, a post he retained until 2003. He was born in Châlons-en-Champagne, France.

Ralite died in Aubervilliers, France of respiratory failure at the age of 89.

Freddy Cole

Lionel Frederick "Freddy" Cole (October 15, 1931 – June 27, 2020) was an American jazz singer and pianist. His recording career has spanned over sixty years. He was the brother of musicians Nat King Cole and Ike Cole, father of Lionel Cole, and uncle of Natalie Cole, Timolin Cole, and Casey Cole. He was known for his moderate success of "Whispering Grass" in 1953.

During the 1970s, Cole recorded several albums for European and English based labels. He was the subject of the 2006 documentary "The Cole Nobody Knows". In June of that year, Cole was added to the Steinway Artist roster.

Cole died from heart disease-related problems in Atlanta, Georgia on June 27, 2020 at the age of 88.


Ray Lovelock

Raymond Lovelock (; 19 June 1950 – 10 November 2017), most often known as Ray Lovelock, was an Italian actor and rock musician. He was born in Rome, Italy. He performed in a rock band with longtime friend and actor Tomas Milian, where he was discovered by a talent agent.

Lovelock appeared in many movies such as: "Fiddler on the Roof" (1971), "Let Sleeping Corpses Lie" (1974), "Almost Human" (1974), "Violent Rome" (1975), "Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man" (1976), "The Cassandra Crossing" (1976) and "The Last House on the Beach" (1978).

Lovelock died in Trevi, Italy on 10 November 2017 of bone cancer at the age of 67.

Roman calendar

The Roman calendar was a lunar calendar used by the Roman Kingdom and the Roman Republic.

The year started on 1 March and had only 304 days or 10 months (March, April, May, June, Quintilis, Sextilis, September, October, November and December). These 304 days were followed by an unnamed 50-day winter period. The Roman king Numa Pompilius (c. 715-673 BC) introduced February and January (in that order) between December and March, increasing the length of the year to 354 or 355 days. In 450 BC, February was moved to its current position between January and March.

In order to make up for the lack of days in a year, an extra month, Intercalaris or Mercedonius, (allegedly with 22 or 23 days) was introduced in some years. In an 8 year period the length of the years were:


A total of 2930 days corresponding to a year of 366¼ days. This year was discovered to be too long, and therefore 7 days were later dropped from the 8th year, yielding 365.375 days per year.

It was the duty of the priesthood not to have any mistake of the intercalary month. However, leap years were considered unlucky. Therefore, they were avoided in time of crisis, such as the Second Punic War. In order to fix the problem, Julius Caesar made his famous calendar reform in 45 BC.

James T. Butts Jr.

James Thurman Butts Jr. (born August 1, 1953) is an American politician. He is currently the mayor of Inglewood, California. He started out in law enforcement in Inglewood during the 1970s and 1980s, and later became a captain. He worked as Chief of Police in Santa Monica, California from 1991 to 2006. After that, in 2006, he worked in public safety with Los Angeles World Airports. In 2010 he was elected mayor of Inglewood. In 2014 he was re-elected with an 84% vote. He led efforts to renovate and reopen the sports stadium The Forum in Inglewood. He also worked to develop a plan for a new NFL stadium in Inglewood. Butts holds an MBA degree from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. He also holds a Bachelor of Science from California State University, Los Angeles.

Norman Hallendy

Norman E. Hallendy is an Arctic researcher, writer and photographer. Hallendy's Arctic journeys began in 1958 at a time when many Inuit, who traditionally lived on the land, were moving to permanent settlements created by the Federal government. Returning north year after year, he was befriended by Inuit elders who shared with him their perception of their material and spiritual world.

His previous books include the best selling Inuksuit: 


He has been a lecturer at Oxford, Cambridge, UNESCO (Paris) including numerous universities in Canada and abroad. His most enjoyable presentations were to Inuit elders and their children in several Arctic communities. 

Norman Hallendy has been named one of Canada’s 100 greatest modern-day explorers by Canadian Geographic Society. 

His contribution to geographical knowledge through documenting Arctic landscapes and ancient sites earned him the coveted Mungo Park Medal of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society in 2007 placing him among such esteemed persons as Professor Jean Malaurie, Count Eigil Knuth and Thor Heyerdahl. 

In 2001, the Royal Canadian Geographical Society awarded Hallendy the Gold medal for his internationally acclaimed work on inuksuit and ethnographic work in southwest Baffin Island placing him among such outstanding contributors to geography as Michael Palin, Gilbert Grosvenor and Sir Christopher Ondaatje.

His ethnographic documentation of the Inuit of southwest Baffin Island is regarded as a major contribution to the appreciation of Inuit intellectual culture. Dr. William Fitzhugh Director of the Arctic Studies Centre of the Smithsonian Institution regards Hallendy as a modern day Knud Rasmussen.

The Right Honourable Julie Payette Governor General of Canada has awarded Norman the Polar Medal created by Her Majesty the Queen of England in recognition of his ethnography of the Inuit in the Canadian Arctic. 


Ron Gardenhire

Ronald Clyde Gardenhire (born October 24, 1957) is the manager of the Detroit Tigers. He was born in West Germany. He was a shortstop for the New York Mets from 1981 to 1985 and managed the Minnesota Twins from 2002 to 2013. He replaced Brad Ausmus as manager of the Tigers following the 2017 season.


Allschwil

Allschwil is a municipality of the district of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland. It is right next to the city of Basel. With nearly 22.000 people it is the biggest city in Basel Landschaft.


Solothurn (city)

Solothurn (, , , ) is a district and the capital of the Swiss canton of Solothurn. As of December 2016, 16,697 people lived there. It is the only municipality of the district of the same name.


Highland County, Ohio

Highland County is a county in Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 43,317 people lived there. The county seat is Hillsboro.

Gholamreza Hassani

Ayatollah Gholamreza Hassani (, ) (30 August 1928 – 21 May 2018) was an Iranian conservative politician and cleric. He was the previous Friday prayer, first First imam of Masjid-e-Jamé mosque of the city of Urmia. He was born in Urmia, Iran. 

He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly in the first term from electoral district of Urmia and representative of the Iranian Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Hosseini Khamenei in West Azarbaijan Province.

Hassani died on 21 May 2018 in Tehran at the age of 90.


Mary Wells Lawrence

Mary Wells Lawrence (born Mary Georgene Berg on May 25, 1928) is a retired American advertising executive. She was the founding president of Wells Rich Greene, an advertising agency. Lawrence was the first female CEO of a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


Cindy Adams

Cynthia "Cindy" Adams (née Sugar; later Heller; born April 24, 1930) is an American gossip columnist and writer. She is the widow of comedian/humorist Joey Adams. She was born in New York City. 

She began to work as a photographer's model in Manhattan. Since 1979, Adams has written a gossip column for the "New York Post", a New York City newspaper. She also contributed to "Sunday Today in New York". Adams became a syndicated newspaper columnist in 1981.

Edith Savage-Jennings

Edith Mae Savage-Jennings (March 17, 1924 – November 12, 2017) was an American civil rights leader from New Jersey. She was known for her association with civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.. Savage was notable for being a guest to the White House under every President of the United States from Franklin Delano Roosevelt through Barack Obama.

Savage-Jennings was born in Jacksonville, Florida.

In 2016 she was inducted into the New Jersey Women's Hall of Fame.

Savage-Jennings died on November 12, 2017 at her home in Trenton, New Jersey at the age of 93.

Wojciech Zabłocki

Wojciech Mikołaj Zabłocki (December 6, 1930 – December 5, 2020) was a Polish architect and fencer. He was born in Warsaw. He was a founding member of the Art of the Olympians.

Zabłocki participated in four Olympic Games: 1952 Helsinki, 1956 Melbourne, 1960 Rome, 1964 Tokyo and won two silver (1956, 1960) and one bronze medal (1964) in team sabre fencing.

In 1963, he married actress Alina Janowska. She died in 2017.

Zabłocki died on December 5, 2020 just one day before his 90th birthday.

Bernard Panafieu

Bernard Louis Auguste Paul Panafieu (26 January 1931 – 12 November 2017) ) was a French prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Marseille from 1995 until his retirement in 2006. He was made a cardinal in 2003. He was born in Châtellerault, France.

Panafieu died on 12 November 2017 at a hospital in Venasque, France of complications from Parkinson's disease at the age of 86.

List of township-level divisions of Shaanxi

This is a list of township-level divisions of the province of Shaanxi, People's Republic of China. After province, prefecture, and county-leveldivisions, township-level divisions constitute the formal fourth-level administrative divisions of the PRC. This list is divided first into the prefecture-level then the county-level divisions. The ten prefecture-level divisions of Shaanxi are subdivided into 107 county-level divisions (28 districts, 3 county-level cities, and 76 counties). Those are in turn divided into 1785 township-level divisions (917 towns 镇, 680 townships 乡, 98 ethnic townships, 148 subdistrcts.)

All of these administrative divisions are explained in greater detail at Administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China. This chart lists only prefecture-level (街道) and county-level divisions of Shaanxi.

Xi'an is divided into eleven districts and two counties.
Tongchuan is divided into three districts and one county.
Baoji is divided into three districts and nine counties.

Xianyang is divided into three districts, nine counties, and two county-level cities.

Yan'an is divided into two districts, ten counties, and one county-level city.

Photometry (astronomy)

Photometry is a method of problem solving in astronomy. It aims to measure flux. When photometry is performed over broad wavelength bands of radiation, where not only the amount of radiation but also its spectral distribution is measured, the term spectrophotometry is used.

The word is combination of the Greek affixes "photo-" ("light") and "-metry" ("measure").

Santiago Vernazza

Júlio Carlos Santiago "Ghito" Vernazza (September 23, 1928 – November 12, 2017) was a former Argentine footballer. He was a forward who played for Platense and River Plate until 1956, when he moved to Italy and signed for newly promoted Serie A club Palermo.

He was born in Buenos Aires.

In 1960/1961, Vernazza played for AC Milan, where he obtained a second place. In 1961/1962, he moved to Vicenza, where he played two seasons before retiring in 1963 at the age of 35.

Vernazza died in Buenos Aires on November 12, 2017 at the age of 89.


David Poisson

David Poisson (31 March 1982 – 13 November 2017) was a French World Cup alpine ski racer. He was born in Annecy, Haute-Savoie, France.

Poisson represented France at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. At the 2013 World Championships, Poisson made his first podium, taking bronze in the downhill.

Poisson died in a crash during training in Nakiska, Alberta, Canada on 13 November 2017, aged 35.

Alex Azar

Alex Michael Azar II (born June 17, 1967) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 24th United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from January 29, 2018 to January 20, 2021. He was the United States Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services under George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007. From 2012 to 2017, Azar was President of Eli Lilly and Company. He was a member of the board of directors of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization, a pharmaceutical lobby.

On November 13, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Azar to be the next United States Secretary of Health and Human Services. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 24, 2018.

Azar was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Salisbury, Maryland. He studied at Dartmouth College and at Yale University.

Azar was as a law clerk for Judge J. Michael Luttig of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and then as a law clerk for Associate Justice Antonin Scalia of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1992 to 1993.

From 1994 to 1996, he served as an Associate Independent Counsel for Kenneth W. Starr in the United States Office of the Independent Counsel.

On August 3, 2001, Azar was confirmed to be the General Counsel of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.

On July 22, 2005, Azar was confirmed as the United States Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. He was twice confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate. He worked under Secretary Mike Leavitt. Azar resigned in January 2007.

In June 2007, Azar joined Eli Lilly and Company as its Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Communications, where he “lead Lilly public affairs and lobbying efforts.”

On January 1, 2012, Azar became President of Lilly USA, LLC, the largest division of Eli Lilly and Company and was responsible for the company's entire operations in the United States. In January 2017, Azar resigned from Eli Lilly.

On November 13, 2017, President Trump announced via Twitter that Azar was his nominee to be the next United States Secretary of Health and Human Services.

His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 24, 2018. He was sworn in on January 29.

Azar is married to Jennifer Azar. They have two children. They live in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Sam Johnson

Samuel Robert Johnson (October 11, 1930 – May 27, 2020) was an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for serving in Congress from 1991 to 2019. He was a member of the Republican Party.

On January 6, 2017, Johnson announced he will not run for reelection in 2018.

He was the last Korean War veteran to serve in Congress.

Johnson died at his home in Plano, Texas on May 27, 2020 of natural causes at the age of 89.


President of Singapore

The President of the Republic of Singapore is the country's head of state. Singapore has a parliamentary system of government. Executive authority is exercised by the Cabinet who was led by the Prime Minister of Singapore. The current president is Tharman Shanmugaratnam, who was elected with the 70% of the vote at the 2023 presidential election.

The president's official residence and office is the Istana. However, no presidents since Yusof bin Ishak (1965–1970) have lived there. The current president, Halimah Yacob, had wanted to stay in the HDB flat at Yishun, but if she fails to comply with the security requirements, she will have to move out. She is also the first female President of Singapore and first Malay head of state in 47 years since the death of Mr Yusof bin Ishak who was Singapore's first president.

Tan Kah Kee MRT station

Tan Kah Kee MRT Station is a MRT station in Singapore. It is the first station to be named after a person. It is named after Tan Kah Kee, a Chinese businessman, community leader and philanthropist. It is within walking distance of Hwa Chong Institution, Nanyang Girls' High School, Raffles Girls' Primary School, Methodist Girls' School, and National Junior College.

Prior to the opening of the station, this station was named Duchess, and all of the Hwa Chong students wished to name the station "Hwa Chong". Other Singaporeans also decided to name it Hillcrest, Watten, Namly or Coronation. In the end, it was renamed to Tan Kah Kee, in honour of the businessman and community leader who founded Hwa Chong Institution.

During the Downtown MRT Line Stage 2 open house on 5 December 2015, LTA was told that the Tamil translation of the station name was incorrect. The LTA apologized in the evening for the error. 

Botanic Gardens MRT station

Botanic Gardens MRT Station (CC19/DT9) is an interchange MRT station in Singapore. It is one of four stations where commuters can transfer from the Circle MRT Line to Downtown MRT Line,

This station is located near the Singapore Botanic Gardens at the intersection of Bukit Timah Road and Cluny Park Road, hence its name. It is also near the National University of Singapore Bukit Timah campus and is behind Serene Centre. 

As Bukit Brown Station will only be operational after the Bukit Brown area has been developed enough, the section of track between Botanic Gardens and Caldecott is the longest on the Circle Line. 

As the distance between the Circle Line and Downtown Line platforms is relatively long, it has travelators, the fourth station after Dhoby Ghaut, Serangoon and Bugis to have travelators within the paid area.

The Downtown Line station (DT09) was designed by AEP Consultants and Geoconsult Asia and was constructed by Sembawang Engineers & Constructors. Botanic Gardens station is one of only two MRT stations in Singapore to have an official Malay name. The other station will be the future Gardens by the Bay MRT Station.

Prior to the opening of the station, it was named Adam. Public consultation of the station began in January 2006 and only two names were selected - Botanic Gardens and Cluny Road. Botanic Gardens was eventually selected because this station also goes to the popular UNESCO World Heritage Site. Cluny Road was also selected because it was served by the railway station "Cluny Road" that was closed down in 1930s. On 12 September 2006, the final name is renamed to Botanic Gardens.

MacPherson MRT station

MacPherson MRT Station (CC10/DT26) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit interchange station between the Circle Line and the Downtown Line in Geylang. It is located along Paya Lebar Road, near the Geylang Neighbourhood Police Centre. The station, and the nearby housing estate, is named after Colonel Ronald Macpherson, the first Colonial Secretary of the Straits Settlements in 1867.

This is one of the few stations on the network which has easy transfers between the Circle Line and Downtown Line platforms, connected through escalators.

Lavender MRT station

Lavender MRT Station (EW11) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Kallang, Singapore. It is located underneath the junction of Kallang Road and Kallang Walk. This station is within the vicinity of Bendemeer and Jalan Besar stations on the Downtown Line. It is also near to ICA Building.

It was formerly known as E2 before 2001.

Bugis MRT station

Bugis MRT Station (EW12/DT14) is an underground MRT interchange station on the East West Line and the Downtown Line located at the boundary of Downtown Core and Rochor planning areas, Singapore. 

This station serves Bugis+, Sim Lim Square, Bugis Village, Bugis Junction and many housing retail and food outlets. The station is also nearby to National Library and the Kampong Glam as well as many private educational schools in the area like Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts and LASALLE College of the Arts which also situated nearby. The station is within five minutes walk of Jalan Besar Station on the Downtown Line. It is one of the stations that serves the huge demand when transferring from East West Line to Downtown Line.

The East West Line portion of Bugis station is located next to Bugis Junction, which has a direct link to the mall. It has almost the same design as the neighbouring Lavender station. The Downtown Line section is built on the site of the demolished The New 7th Storey Hotel, and opened on 22 December 2013. This station served as the northern terminus of the Downtown Line until 27 December 2015, when it was replaced by Bukit Panjang as the second phase of the line opens. As the distance between the platforms is relatively long, it is one of four stations to have travelators, with the others being Dhoby Ghaut Botanic Gardens and Serangoon.

Tanjong Pagar MRT station

Tanjong Pagar MRT Station (EW15) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Downtown Core, Singapore. The station caters to people, especially businessmen and residents, working and living in the Shenton Way and Robinson Road areas. Currently the station is surrounded by recent developments of Tanjong Pagar Centre, of which it is the tallest skyscraper in Singapore (290 metres). Permission is required by the authority and it is exempted from the height restrictions due to Paya Lebar Airbase.

The station was first opened on 12 December 1987, as part of the extension of the system to Outram Park.

The station was expanded in 2004 to facilitate disabled access and the new Exit I was later opened. Before the Tanjong Pagar Centre (Exit J) opens, there are several exits in the MRT station, all connected by the underpass:


The faregates at this station were replaced in 12 October 2012 and the Exit I faregates were replaced on 20 August 2017.

Tiong Bahru MRT station

Tiong Bahru MRT Station (EW17) is an underground station located on the East West Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Bukit Merah, Singapore. It is the last underground MRT station on the line westwards. The station is directly connected to a shopping mall, Tiong Bahru Plaza and is at Tiong Bahru Road and Jalan Membina. The MRT Station serves the surrounding residential neighborhoods of Bukit Ho Swee, Bukit Merah View and Tiong Bahru. This station was named after the Tiong Bahru Estate, together with Tiong Bahru Market and Tiong Bahru constituency.

It was the closest station to Sentosa before the opening of North East Line station on 20 June 2003. Shuttle bus services linking Sentosa to Tiong Bahru MRT operated for several years until it was eventually withdrawn in 2004.

Kallang MRT station

Kallang MRT Station (EW10) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Kallang, Singapore. It is painted in yellow livery and located next to the Kallang River, which is famous for its water sports. This is the last above-ground station westbound until Redhill. Westward of the station towards Lavender, the tracks lose elevation until they level out when sufficiently underground. This is because of space limitations in the Central Business District.

The station is within the vicinity of Boon Keng MRT station on the North East Line, Stadium MRT station on the Circle Line and Geylang Bahru MRT station on the Downtown Line. Kallang station is located next to the Lorong 1 Geylang Bus Terminal and within walking distance to the Kallang Riverside Park located at Kampong Bugis.

When Stadium MRT Station was under construction, Kallang station would be crowded when either the Singapore Indoor Stadium or the National Stadium hosted an event. After the opening of the Singapore Sports Hub, a sheltered walkway was built to connect Kallang station to the Singapore Sports Hub to ease overcrowding on Stadium station which only caters to 3-car trains.

It was formerly E3, before 2001.

Redhill MRT station

Redhill MRT Station (EW18) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line located in Bukit Merah, Singapore. This is the last above-ground station eastbound until Kallang station. Eastward of the station towards Tiong Bahru Estate, the tracks lose elevation until they level out when sufficiently underground. This is because of the space limitations as there is no such elevation of tracks in the Central Business District. This station is near to Enable Village for people with special needs.

Redhill is the only MRT station in which the two platforms are not parallel to each other.

Little India MRT station

Little India MRT Station (NE7/DT12) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit interchange station on the North East Line and the Downtown Line located at the boundary of the planning areas of Kallang and Rochor, Singapore. The station derives its name from the ethnic district of Little India. This station and Rochor is the nearest of any station on the Downtown Line as it takes only 20-25 seconds to reach.

This station was built in the heart of Little India, with Tekka Centre within walking distance of the station.

Farrer Park MRT station

Farrer Park MRT Station (NE8) is an underground station along the North East Line of the Mass Rapid Transit at the boundary of Kallang and Rochor planning areas, Singapore. It is at the north end of the ethnic neighbourhood of Little India. This station is near Mustafa Centre, Serangoon Plaza, and City Square Mall.

Chinese Garden MRT station

Chinese Garden MRT Station (EW25) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Jurong East, Singapore. It serves residents in Yuhua and Hong Kah, as well people visiting tourist attractions in Jurong Lake, including the Chinese Gardens, which give the station its name. Its station colour is yellow. The roof of the station is based on a Chinese design.

The original name for Chinese Garden was Jurong Lake.

Downtown MRT station

Downtown MRT Station (DT17) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line in Downtown Core, Singapore under Central Boulevard. It serves the south part of the Marina Bay area.

Telok Ayer MRT station

Telok Ayer MRT Station (DT18) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line in Downtown Core, Singapore under Cross Street. This station uses side platforms.

Rochor MRT station

Rochor MRT Station (DT13) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line in the planning area of Rochor, Singapore. It is near Sim Lim Square, The Verge, the Lasalle College of the Arts and Tekka Centre. The station is white and grey with a futuristic design. This station and Little India is the nearest of any station on the Downtown Line as it takes only 20-25 seconds to reach. The station opened along with other station on the DTL2 in December 2015.

This station had basement 1 reserved for the future North-South Corridor, and basement 2 and 3 are typically station levels.

Jalan Besar MRT station

Jalan Besar MRT Station (DT22) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line in Rochor planning area, Singapore. The station is under Jalan Besar, at the junction with Weld Road. The station is also called "Sungei Road". Sungei Road Thieves' Market was located next to this station, together with Sim Lim Tower.

The station is within five minutes walk of Rochor station on the Downtown Line and Bugis station on both the Downtown Line and East West Line, allowing an out-of-system transfer to those stations and lines. It opened on 21 October 2017.

Fort Canning MRT station

Fort Canning MRT Station (DT20) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line at the boundary of Museum and Singapore River planning areas, Singapore. The station, is next to Liang Court shopping centre along River Valley Road. It is also within walking distance from UE Square. The station is close to Fort Canning Park. It is also near eateries and nightspots at Clarke Quay, so the Clarke Quay MRT Station is less crowded.

Kevin Cramer

Kevin John Cramer (born January 21, 1961) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He is the junior United States senator of North Dakota since January 3, 2019.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for North Dakota from January 3, 2013 to January 3, 2019.


Gabarnmung

Gabarnmung, or Nawarla Gabarnmung, is an Aboriginal archaeological and rock art site in south-western Arnhem Land, in the Top End of Australia’s Northern Territory. The meaning of the name is "hole in the rock", "passageway", or "valley open from the centre".

Earl Pomeroy

Earl Pomeroy (born September 2, 1952 in Barnes County, North Dakota) is an American lobbyist for hospitals and a former politician of the Democratic Party.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for North Dakota from 1993 to 2011.


District of Eixample

Eixample, also known as Expansion district in Catalan is the name of second district of Barcelona. 

It takes up the central area of the city, in a big area of 7,46 km2 . Designed by Ildefonso Cerdà. It is the most populated district of Barcelona and of all Spain in absolute numbers (262.485 inhabitants) and the second to related to the surface (35.586 inhabitants/ km2).

In the Eixample District, there are the big streets and avenues and popular squares of Barcelona, like: Passeig de Gràcia, Rambla Catalunya, Plaça Catalunya, Avinguda Diagonal, Carrer d’Aragó, Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, Carrer de Balmes, Ronda Sant Antoni, Ronda de Sant Pere, Passeig de Sant Joan, Plaça de la Sagrada Familia, Plaça Gaudí, and at one end there is Plaça de les Glòries Catalanes and at the opposite end Plaça Francesc Macià.

There are also touristic places like Basílica de la Sagrada Família, Casa Milà, Casa Batlló, Teatre Nacional de Catalunya, Auditori de Barcelona, Plaça de Toros Monumental, la Casa de les Punxes, as well as a lot of movie theaters, restaurants, hotels, and other leisure places.

During the first half of 19th century Barcelona saw a booming Industrial Revolution. The cities with a medieval street structure and many of them surrounded by walls were collapsing under the expansion of recently born industries. For this reason the population increased a lot.

The city of Barcelona, like many other european cities, was limited in its growth by the its walls. Behind the walls it was considered military zone. This implied the no construction of industries. This zone only could be use to agriculture.

Mayor of Coimbatore

The Mayor of Coimbatore is the first citizen of the city of Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.

Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District

Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District (HEB ISD) is a government organization that runs public schools. HEB ISD has students in pre-kindergarten to grade 12. Almost all students in Bedford, Euless, and Hurst go to HEB ISD schools. Some students in North Richland Hills, Colleyville, Fort Worth, and Arlington go to HEB ISD.

The district runs twenty elementary schools, five junior high schools, two large high schools, and some schools for special purposes. HEB ISD schools offer special classes about foreign language, art, science, and work skills.

In 2018, HEB ISD was rated "A" by the Texas Education Agency.

There were other schools in this area before HEB ISD, including Bedford College, Bedford School, and Euless School.

Mosier Valley School was in the Euless School District. It opened in 1883 and closed in 1949 because it was in bad condition. In 1950, a judge said the Euless School District had to have a separate school for African-American students. The school district opened the old building again for one year. In 1951, Mosier Valley School moved into a new, brick building.

The Euless and Hurst school districts combined in 1955. The Hurst-Euless School District had 1,418 students and grew to almost 2,300 students in the next two years. In 1958, people who lived in the Bedford School District voted to combine with the Hurst-Euless School District. HEB ISD had 3,116 students and seven schools during its first year.

In 2016, the school district had 22,780 students. On tests that year, 85% of HEB ISD students earned good scores. (Only 77% of students near HEB ISD and 75% of students in the state of Texas earned good scores.) Schools in HEB ISD have students of more different races than almost all other schools in the United States.


The War of the Worlds (radio drama)

In 1938, Orson Welles produced a radio version of the 1898 book "The War of the Worlds" by H. G. Wells. Wells only produced one episode of the American radio drama anthology series "The Mercury Theatre on the Air". This episode was produced as the Halloween episode. It was broadcast on Sunday, October 30, 1938. It became famous for allegedly causing mass panic, although the scale of the panic is disputed as the program had relatively few listeners.

The first two-thirds of the one-hour broadcast was presented as a series of simulated news bulletins. The first news update interrupted a program of dance music to report that a series of odd explosions had been spotted on Mars, which was followed soon thereafter by a seemingly unrelated report of an unusual object falling on a farm in Grover's Mill, New Jersey. Martians emerged from the object and attacked using a heat ray during the next interruption, which was followed by a rapid series of news reports describing a devastating alien invasion taking place across the United States and the world. The illusion of realism was increased because the "Mercury Theatre on the Air" was a sustaining show without commercial interruptions, and the first break in the program came almost 30 minutes into the broadcast. Popular legend holds that all of the radio audience may have been listening to Edgar Bergen and tuned in to "The War of the Worlds" during a musical interlude, thereby missing the clear introduction that the show was a drama, but research beginning in the 2010s suggests this only happened in rare instances.In the days following the adaptation, widespread outrage was expressed in the media. The program's news-bulletin format was described as deceptive by some newspapers and public figures, leading to an outcry against the perpetrators of the broadcast and calls for regulation by the Federal Communications Commission. The episode secured Welles' fame as a dramatist.

Thruepang Palace

Thruepang Palace is a royal dzong (a form of fortress) or palace in Bhutan. It is a historic building in Bhutan.

The hillside placement of the palace was considered important in establishing control in the early days of the kingdom.

The dzong (fortress) portion was built in 1648. The first and second kings used the fortress to rule the kingdom from this crucial position.

It is the birthplace of the third Druk Gyalpo (King) Jigme Dorji Wangchuck of Bhutan in 1928. He spent is early days growing up in the palace. 

This was a secondary resident and served as a, but not main, royal palace for the second Druk Gyalpo (king) Jigme Wangchuck and Queen Ashi Puntsho Choden. The Trhruepang Palace currently is still in use as a winter royal palace for the current king Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck. 

The dzong is located in Thruepang village section of Nubi gewog (village block) in the District of Trongsa. Not far from the palace is the local market place. The palace sits upon a hill that leads straight to the Thruepang village. 

Travel from the capital Thimpu requires 192 kilometers of travel and 8 hours of time.

The palace largely can be attributed a large house rather than a full scale palace. There are 2 stories palace that sits on 10 acres of land.

Monika Kørra

Monika Kørra (born September 5, 1989) is an author and former athlete from Norway.

In 2008, she won the bronze medal in the 3000 metre steeplechase at the Norwegian championships representing the Norwegian club Friidrettsklubben Ren-Eng. She also competed in the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics – Women's 3000 metres steeplechase at the , finishing twelfth in her heat and failing to reach the final. Kørra won a sports scholarship at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas.

On December 5, 2009, she was kidnapped, assaulted and raped by three men living illegally in the United States. Arturo Arevalo and Alfonso Zuniga received life sentences while the third, Luis Zuniga, received 25 years. Instead of staying silent about her ordeal, she chose to come forward with her story and in 2015, she completed a book in English entitled "Kill the Silence" stating that "It's not what happens to you, but how you respond to it that matters." In her book, she details how she forgave her perpetrators telling them "I don't hate them; I hate what they did to me. Two of them even cried...That really meant a lot to me because then I saw that it is something good in everyone." She went on to graduate from Southern Methodist University. In 2012, she founded the Monika Kørra Foundation dedicated to creating awareness of the prevalence and effects of sexual assault and to provide a place of healing for victims. She has appeared in the media in both the United States and Norway including as a guest on the TV talk show on October 9, 2015. In 2009, Kørra was awarded the SMU Athletics' Perseverance Award for her courage. In 2012, she received the Wilma Rudolph Student Athlete Achievement Award.




Untervaz

Untervaz is a municipality of the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Levoncourt, Haut-Rhin

Levoncourt is a commune of the Haut-Rhin department.



Leymen

Leymen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Liebenswiller

Liebenswiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

The D9B road passes through the commune.

The commune is next to the French-Swiss border.

Backbend

A backbend is a body movement where the spine is bent backwards, catching oneself with the hands. The backbend is used in gymnastics, contortion, or as a dance move.

VxWorks

vxWorks is the real-time operating system which based on real time constraint.

Sindhi writers

Sindhi language is spoken by more than 50 million people and Sindhi literature is as rich as of any language known to human society. Shah Abdul latif Bhittai, Sachal Sarmast and Sammi are considered as the legendary trio of Sindhi literature. Here in this discussion we concentrate on the Sindhi writers from India. This is quite possible that Sindh, presently part of Pakistan may appear in our discussion as this has passed only 70 years since the partition of the country which forced Indian Sindhi community to leave the motherland of many generations of their forefathers. Many of the contributors to Sindhi literature - Sindhi writers were born in Sindh though they live and worked in India. This might be the Rashtriya Kavi Padam Shri Dada Hundraj Dukhayal or unparalleled Sindhi writer poet Padma Shri Prof Ram Panjwani.

When we are discussing about Sindhi writers we must mention Sindhi women. Sindhi literature has revolutionary woman writers like Popati Hiranandani [Sindhi Sahitya Academy Award 1982] , Indira Vaswani, Maya Rahi and many more who have contributed to enrich the Sindhi literature. Many of Sindhi women have contributed poetry.

We will start list of Sindhi writers from India with Tirth Basant who wrote a biography of the famous Sindhi Saint Bhagat Kanwarram Sahib with Title "Kanwar" and was first awardee of Sindhi Sahitya Academy award in 1959.

Sun Moon Lake

Sun Moon Lake (; Thao: "Zintun") is a lake in Nantou County, Taiwan. It is the largest lake in Taiwan. Sun Moon Lake is one of the Eight Views of Taiwan. The lake was named because the east side of the lake looks like a sun, and the west side of the lake looks like a moon.

The lake is famous because the scenery looks very beautiful. In the morning and evening, there are clouds and mist with the rising or setting sun. The area around the lake is one of Taiwan's national scenic areas.

The land around the lake is home to the Thao tribe. They are an aboriginal people. According to legend, Thao hunters discovered Sun Moon Lake after chasing a deer. The deer led them to the lake. They found that the lake was beautiful and had lots of fish. An island in the middle of the lake is thought of as the worship place for the Thao people.

The lake was called Lake Candidius in the past. It was named after the missionary Georgius Candidius. The lake was first called Sun Moon Lake in 1821, in a book called "Travels to Shueilishe" by Deng Chuan-an. In the Qing dynasty, Chinese people began moving to the area around Sun Moon Lake. Many people wanted to open restaurants, hotels, and stores there.

When Taiwan was ruled by Japan, they made many changes. The first power plants were built in 1934. It was being built for 15 years and the project began in 1919. The Jiji Line railroad was built to help the construction of the power plants. Lalu Island was renamed "Jade Island". The Japanese built a large dam in 1931 that made the lake much bigger. In 1946, the new Chinese government renamed the lake "Kuanghua Island". The name stayed that way until the 921 earthquake in 1999 that damaged the island. After the earthquake, the island was renamed Lalu Island. It was renamed because the Taiwanese government wanted to help keep the Thao culture.

In 1967, an Aboriginal Culture Centre was created to help preserve the Thao culture. In 1975, the centre was opened. In 1990, a yacht turned upside down while in the water. It caused 57 people to die. Only 25 people lived. In 2012, a picture of Sun Moon Lake was used in the People's Republic of China passports. It made the Taiwanese government angry because they say that Taiwan and Sun Moon Lake is not part of the People's Republic of China.

Sun Moon Lake is above sea level. It is deep. Many mountains and forests are around the lake.

The water of the lake is very clear and crystal-like. There is an island in the middle of the lake that is called Lalu Island. The public is not allowed on the island because it is only allowed for aboriginal uses.

Sun Moon Lake is in a warmer area. The average temperature there is 21 °C.

There are many museums and monuments around the lake. The town Ita Thao has many shops and businesses. They are mainly owned by people of the Thao tribe. The Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village is very close to Sun Moon Lake. It opened in 1986 and helps teach about Aboriginal culture. It has beautiful gardens and forests. There is a gondola that people ride over the forests next to the lake.

People can ride bicycles around the lake. There are many bike trails around the lake. There are also many hiking trails around the lake that go up Mount Maolan.


Shyama

Shyama (Khurshid Akhtar; 7 June 1935 – 14 November 2017) was a Bollywood actress. Her best known roles were in "Aar Paar" (1954), "Barsaat Ki Raat" (1960) and "Tarana" (1951). She was born in Lahore, Punjab, British India (now Pakistan). 

Shyama died in Mumbai, India on 14 November 2017 from complications of a lung infection at the age of 82. 


Eric Salzman

Eric Salzman (September 8, 1933 – November 13, 2017) was an American composer, scholar, author, impresario, music critic, and record producer. He was born in Queens, New York City.
Salzman studied at Columbia University, Princeton University, and also in Italy and Germany.

He was known for his work advancing the concept of "New Music Theater" as an independent art form. He co-founded the American Music Theater Festival and was, at the time of his death in 2017, Composer-in-Residence at the Center for Contemporary Opera in New York City.

Salzman died on November 13, 2017 from a heart attack in New York City, aged 84.


Madarsha Union

Madarsha Union () is a Union of Satkania Upazila in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.

Madarsha Union is in the eastern portion of Satkania Upazila approximately ten kilometers distance from the headquarters of upazila.

Madarsha union total area is 21.29 square kilometer or 8.22 square mile.
According to 2011, Madarsha union total people is 38,266.
Madarsha union are population density is 1600 per square km. or 4200 per square mile.

Madarsha Union has seven village.
These are:

Madarsha union are Literacy rates 48%.There are three primary school, one high school & three madrasa.
These are:



Jean-Pierre Schmitz

Jean-Pierre Schmitz (Jempy Schmitz; February 15, 1932 – November 14, 2017) was a Luxembourgian professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Huldange. Schmitz won the Midi Libre in 1957, the Tour de Luxembourg in 1954 and 1958, and one stage in the 1956 Tour de France. In 1955, Schmitz was second in the World Road race championship after Stan Ockers.

Schmitz died on November 14, 2017 in Luxembourg City of multiple myeloma at the age 85.

Orchard MRT station

Orchard MRT Station (NS22/TE14) is a rapid transit station in Singapore. It is an underground station on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit. The station is located along Orchard Road, on the boundary of Orchard and River Valley planning areas, Singapore. Its platform livery is maroon, but it is mostly clad with black marble.

This station serves the western part of Orchard Road.
The original name for Orchard was Orchard Boulevard.

Somerset MRT station

Somerset MRT Station (NS23) is an underground station on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Orchard planning area, Singapore. The station serves the central part of Orchard Road, serving 313 @ Somerset, Orchard Central and Orchard Gateway.

The section of tracks between this station and Dhoby Ghaut is the shortest between any two MRT Stations on the North South Line, taking 1 minute for a train to travel between these two stations.

Serangoon MRT station

Serangoon MRT station (NE12/CC13) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North East Line and Circle Line in Serangoon, Singapore. Located at the intersection of Upper Serangoon Road and Serangoon Central, this station is directly linked to Nex and Serangoon Bus Interchange.

Construction for this station, Woodleigh station and its connecting tunnels began in July 1997. Wayss & Freytag – Econ Piling – Chew Eu Hock Construction Joint-Venture was responsible to build these infrastructures for S$316.7 million.

Before the station opened, the Singapore Civil Defence Force conducted the second ever Shelter Open House on 15–16 February 2003, together with Chinatown, Farrer Park and Hougang stations.

The Circle Line portion of the station opened on 28 May 2009. "nex" shopping mall and the Serangoon Bus Interchange is built directly above the Circle Line part of this station.

Trains travelling to Punggol had to travel at a lower speed as the existing North East line station platform sank a distance of . This was due to the excavation of the Circle Line interchange station meeting a large amount of groundwater. By the first few months of 2007, train speeds gradually went back to normal after the excavation was near completion.

The artwork in the North East Line side of the station under the Art in Transit programme is "Memories of Childhood" by Eng Joo Heng. The artwork featured in the Circle Line side is called "View of Life" by Sarkasi Said. The author used 18 original batik paintings on cloth which were photographed and printed onto a sheet of glass.

Nick Begich

Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Begich Sr. (April 6, 1932 in Eveleth, Minnesota - October 16, 1972 in Alaska) was an American politician of the Democratic Party.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Alaska from 1971 to 1972. He was also a member of the Alaska Senate from 1962 to 1970.

Begich died (probably) in an aircraft accident at the age of 40. He was declared dead in "absentia" in December 1972.


Kuntala Kumari Sabat

Kuntala Kumari Sabat (8 February 1901 – 23 August 1938) was an Odia poet during colonial India.

Kuntala Kumari Sabat was born on 8 February 1901, at Jagadalpur in Bastar region. Her parents were Daniel and Monica. Shortly after her birth, her parents went to Burma with family. So Kuntala Kumari passed her early childhood in Burma with her parents. Then she returned to Khurda with her mother Monica after her father got remarried at Burma. She completed her early school education at Ravenshaw Girl’s School and higher study at the Medical School, Cuttack. Kuntala Kumari composed poems during her school days. She came out successfully from the medical school and became popular as a doctor with her sincerity and simplicity.

Kailash Rao was her literary teacher who guided her literary activities. Kuntala Kumari enrolled herself as a member of ‘Nava Vidhan’, the ‘Brahmo Society’. She got wide applause when poems, ‘Anjali’ came out. She won praise from almost all the literary figures of Orissa. A leading cultural association of women conferred on her the title ‘Utkal Bharati’. Gopal Chandra Praharaj and Pallikabi Nanda Kishore Bal loved her and adopted her as their daughter. Kuntala Kumari joined a maternity welfare centre, which was newly opened at Cuttack in 1925. She left for Delhi on 1st July 1928. The same year she got married to Krishna Prasad. New phase of life began, yet she did not leave her writings. She had written in English : A True Patriotic Litterateur and Reflection of Her Literary Works on Gandhian Movement Dr. Janmejay Choudhury Bengali and Hindi and contributed to a number of nonOriya journals and edited a number of Hindi journals at Delhi. During her stay at Delhi, she presided over the ‘All India Arya Mahila Sammilani’ at Bareli. During this time also she was invited by the Allahabad University and Benaras Hindu University to deliver lectures. She was the president of the students federation at Aligarh. She was made the chair-person of a reputed social organisation founded by Harbilash Sarada for the introduction of widow marriage and abolition of child marriage. While at Delhi she took steps to encourage, publish and project Oriya literature. At Delhi, Kuntala Kumari was also associated with eminent writers like , Yeasshpal Jee Jain, S.H. Batsayan and a host of Hindi writers. ‘Hindi Pracharini Sabha’ conferred on her the title of ‘Bharat Kavinetri.’

As a disciple of Gandhi she claimed independence as the birthright of Indian people. She took up the task of awakening the women. She encouraged them to join the National Movement under Gandhian leadership. During the noncooperation movement she gave a clarion call to the people of Orissa to fight for freedom. In a real sense she was a visionary and a rebel. 

No doubt, Kuntala Kumari had a lot of patriotic fervour in her. She had derived a special pride in herself by portraying Gandhi, Nehru and the spinning wheel in her lucid poems. The Oriya youths plunged headlong into the noncooperation movement being addicted to her war songs. It ignited the sparks in them spontaneously, so to say rapidly. She composed beautiful numerous patriotic poems and songs. Her first collection of poems came out in 1922. Then it was followed by ‘Uchhwas’ – 1924, ‘Archana’ – 1927, ‘Sphulinga’ – 1929, ‘Ahwan’ – 1930, ‘Prem Chintamani’ – 1930, ‘Oriyanka Kandana’ – 1937, ‘Garjat Krishaka’ – 1939.4 Her love for man, nature and nation is reflected in her poems. She had a deep hatred for superstitions and conventions, raised her voice against high and mighty. She always tried to protest against injustice and inequalities. She renounced the heartless religious dogmas and practices. She comprehended the image of the glorious past of Orissa. 

She composed the inaugural song of ‘Utkal Sammilani’, chaired by Acharya P.C. Roy in 1924. the poems in the anthology ‘Archana’ echoes the voice of poor and lowly, the depressed and the marginalized. Her poetic longing for brave new world is expressed in most of her poems. Some of her poems published in ‘Sphulinga’, inspired the youth of Orissa and infused dynamism in them. The volume ‘Ahwan’ captures the spirit of Gandhi’s clarion call to people to join the struggle for freedom. Her poems in Ahwan created tremendous sensation. Her fame as a patriot and poet spread over the country. The yearning for liberty is always marked in her poems like ‘Garjat Krishaka’. Her poetry, in some degree, reveals all the romantic traits : “Love of nature, love of beauty, imagination, love of past and a wearied sadness.” Her writings were regularly published in the ‘Samaj’ and ‘Sahakar’ under the title ‘Delhi letters’. She expresses the socio-political life of pre-independent India and makes a zealous attempts to reform the tradition ridden society. In the novel, ‘Na-tundi’, She expresses real thing of the land. ‘Raghu Arakhit’ is one of her most outstanding works. It narrates the social character regarding marriage, where a compensation was given to the bride’s family.

Kuntala Kuamri’s voice was more reflected in her poetry anthologies AHWAN (the call) and Gadajata Krishaka (Feudatory Farmer). The following stanza provides enough stimulus to adorn the spirit of mankind. Oh ! my compatriot !! The man is not born to die of reminiscence or to sink in somewhere It is never a human fate That gets terminated through a happiness living After being condemned to the fretful glooms of failure in a deprived morbid prison of ever – disciplined humiliating; Thus great Earth is never a decaying caravan or a lady nurturing death.

One of the session of Utkal Sammilani was held at Balasore on 2nd August 1931 with Kuntala Kumari in chair. Jahnabi Devi was the chairperson of the reception. Nearly twelve hundred people all over Orissa attended. This meeting was also attended by more than a thousand women. In her speech as the chairman of the Reception Committee Jahnabi Devi refuted the universally accepted view of women’s inability to stand on their own. A central executive committee, named “All Orissa Women’s Association” was set up. Here sincere efforts were made to work out a programme for the improvement of conditions of women of Orissa. In an essay entitled “Kabi O Lekhakara Udeshya”, she raised the status of a poet by declaring that she is not limited to any time and clime. “The poet or the writer is nature’s representative. He is not confined to any particular nation or time. He belongs to all the nations, to all time and all humanity. Her death on 23rd August 1938 was a great loss for the people of Orissa.. Although she spent most of her short life outside the state, she had enough inclination to intercede the causes of its Gods and Goddesses, aquatic landscapes, rural surroundings, and the people irrespective of rich and poor alike. 

Howard Wallace Pollock

Howard Wallace Pollock (April 11, 1920 in Chicago, Illinois - January 9, 2011 in Coronado, Colorado) was an American politician of the Republican Party.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Alaska from 1967 to 1971. He was also a member of the Alaska Senate from 1961 to 1963. and from 1965 to 1966.

During World War II Pollock was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy.


Black Clover

Black Clover (Japanese: ブラッククローバー Hepburn: Burakku Kurōbā) is a Japanese fantasy shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Yūki Tabata. The series is published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine in Japan, and Viz Media is publishing it in their Weekly Shonen Jump digital anthology magazine in the United States. The story centers around a young boy named Asta, seemingly born without any magic power, something that is unknown in the world he lives in. With his ambition, newfound abilities, and friends, he aims to be the Wizard king. An original video animation produced by Xebec had its first trailer released on November 27, 2016, while an anime television series adaptation by Pierrot premiered on October 3, 2017.

Asta and Yuno are orphans who were raised together at a church orphanage in the village of Hage on the outskirts of the Clover Kingdom and both aspire to succeed the Wizard King, the kingdom’s most powerful mage and leader of the Magic Knights. In a world where everyone has the natural ability to perform magic, Yuno is a prodigy with immense Mana (魔力 Maryoku) and acquired the four-leaf grimoire that belonged to the first Wizard King and joined the Magic Knights of the Golden Dawn Though Asta is forced to train physically to compensate for his lack of Mana, he acquired a five-leaf grimoire and the ability to use Anti-Magic while joining the misfit band of Magic Knights known as the Black Bulls.

The story then follows the Black Bulls and other Magic Knight squads as they contend with the neighboring Diamond Kingdom and a mysterious terrorist organization known as the Eye of the Midnight Sun, whose leadership is revealed to reincarnated elves whose grudge against the Clover Kingdom is the result of a member of the Devil Race using them to bring his body into their world. While the devil Zagred was defeated, Asta’s anti-Magic is revealed to be demonic based while the Clover Kingdom faces a new threat in the demon worshipping Dark Triad of the Spade Kingdom who seek to release the devils into the world.

An original video animation produced by Xebec that is based on the series was shown at the 2016 Jump Festa between November 27 and December 18, 2016. It was bundled with the 11th volume of the manga, which was released on May 2, 2017.

At the "Black Clover" Jump Festa event on December 18, 2016, an anime television series adaptation by Pierrot was announced. It is directed by Tatsuya Yoshihara, with Kazuyuki Fudeyasu writing scripts, Itsuko Takeda doing character designs, and Minako Seki composing the music. The anime premiered on October 3, 2017. Kankaku Piero is performing the opening theme, ”Haruka Mirai” ("Distant Future"), while the ending theme is "Aoi Honō" ("Blue Flame") by Itowokashi. The series was initially running for 13 episodes, but later expanded to 51 episodes. Crunchyroll is streaming the series. Funimation have licensed the series and streamed the English dub.

An anime adaptation has been licensed to Pierrot, Inc. 「株式会社ぴえろ "Kabushiki Gaisha Piero"」. It began airing on October 3, 2017. An English-dubbed version has been licensed to Funimation and began airing on October 29, 2017.

An original animation video was produced by Xebec, Inc. 「株式会社ジーベック "Kabushiki Gaisha Jībekku"」 and played at 2016 Jump Festa. Copies were bundled with Volume 11.

A series of light novels was published by JUMP j-BOOKS 「ジャンプ ツェイ ブックス "Janpu Jei Bukkusu"」.

People of the Book

The People of the Book (Ahl al-Kitāb) is a phrase in Islam to refer to people who worship the "One True God": the God of the Christian, Muslim, Jewish, and Sabian. Zoroastrian faith is sometimes included. 

People of the Book were historically respected by Muslim leaders, starting with the Prophet Muhammed.

Communist Party USA

The Communist Party USA is a political party in the United States that follows the far-left ideology of communism.

It was established in 1919, after a split in the Socialist Party of America following the Russian Revolution.

Kaziranga National Park

Kaziranga National Park is a national park in India. The park is home to two-thirds of the world's great one-horned rhinoceroses. It is a World Heritage Site. It was named a Tiger Reserve by the government of India and an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International.

Kaziranga is home to large breeding populations of tigers, elephants, wild water buffalo, and swamp deer. One type of swamp deer now only exists in the park.

The Kaziranga Proposed Reserve Forest was created in 1905. Mary Curzon, the wife of the Viceroy of India, wanted the area protected mostly to save the rhinoceros. In 1908, Kaziranga was designated a "Reserve Forest". In 1916 it was renamed "Kaziranga Game Sanctuary" then changed to “Wild Life Sanctuary” in 1950.

The park is located in both the Nagaon district and Golaghat district, in the state of Assam in India. It is about 40 kilometres (25 mi) long and 13 kilometres (8 mi) wide.

The park is crossed by four main rivers — Brahmaputra, Diphlu, Mora Diphlu and Mora Dhansiri. There are also many small water bodies.

The park is within the Brahmaputra floodplain. This means when the water in the river rises, the park is partially covered in water. Flooding happens every year which results in over half the park being underwater. In 2017, 85% of the park was underwater. At least 107 animals died because of the flooding in 2017. There are elevated areas of the park which provide retreats and shelter for animals during floods. These are called "chapories". Many artificial "chapories" have been built with the help of the Indian Army to ensure the safety of the animals.

The park has three seasons: winter, summer, and monsoon. The winter season is between November and February. It is mild and dry. The small water bodies dry up and short grass covers the bed. The summer season between March and May is hot. The animals can be found near water during these months. The rainy monsoon season lasts from June to September.

Kaziranga National Park is home to 35 major mammals. This includes 15 mammals under the highest protection in India. The One-Horned rhinoceros, Royal Bengal Tiger, Asian elephant, wild water buffalo and swamp deer are collectively known as the 'Big Five' of Kaziranga. In addition there are 
gaur, sloth bears, clouded leopards, wild boar, and several deer species. Small mammals include the rare hispid hare, mongoose, civet, pangolin, and badgers. The park also is home to several primates. These include macaques, lutungs, the Bengal slow loris, and the only ape in India - the hoolock gibbon. Kaziranga's rivers are home to the endangered Ganges dolphin.

More than 490 bird species live in Kaziranga which includes 24 globally threatened species. The park is known for its nesting colonies of Spot-billed Pelicans and Adjutants. Waterfowl which breed in or pass through Kaziranga include several rare species of geese (lesser white-fronted goose), and ducks (ferruginous pochard, Baer's pochard). Other rare riverine birds include kingfishers, herons, shanks, and terns. Raptors include the rare eastern imperial eagle, other eagles, and the lesser kestrel.

Two of the largest snakes in the world, the reticulated python and the rock python, are common inside the park. It is also home to the king cobra, Indian cobra, Russell's viper, and common krait. Fifteen species of turtle live in Kaziranga. 42 species of fishes are found in the Kaziranga area, including the unusual ocellated pufferfish.

There are four main types of plant life in Kaziranga National Park. These are alluvial inundated grasslands, alluvial savanna woodlands, tropical moist mixed deciduous forests, and tropical semi-evergreen forests. Percent coverage by vegetation is: tall grasses 41%, short grasses 11%, open jungle 29%, swamps 4%, rivers and water bodies 8%, and sand 6%.


Sleeping Beauty transposon system

Sleeping Beauty (SB) transposon system is a non-viral vector for gene therapy.

The SB system enables high-level stable gene transfer and sustained transgene expression in multiple primary human somatic cell types. It is a highly attractive gene transfer strategy for clinical use. Sleeping Beauty transposon-based transfection is a two-component system consisting of a transposase and a transposon containing inverted repeat/direct repeat (IR/DR) sequences that result in precise integration into a TA dinucleotide. The transposon is designed with an expression cassette of interest flanked by IR/DRs, and SB transposase mediates stable integration and reliable long-term expression of the gene of interest. It has recently been demonstrated that SB efficiently mediates gene transfer and stable gene expression in human embryonic stem cells.

André-Louis Debierne

André-Louis Debierne (14 July 1874 – 31 August 1949) was a French chemist. He is considered the discoverer of the element actinium.

2017 Zimbabwean coup d'état

On the evening of 14 November 2017, the Zimbabwe National Army gathered around Harare, the capital of Zimbabwe, and got control of the Zimbabwe's national television station and other areas of the city.

The next day, they issued a statement saying that it was not a coup d'état and that President Robert Mugabe was safe, although the situation would only return to normal after they had dealt with the "criminals" around Mugabe responsible for the socio-economic problems of Zimbabwe. Jacob Zuma, the President of South Africa, phoned Mugabe and confirmed that he was "fine", but under house arrest.

The coup took place amid troubles in the ruling ZANU–PF party between former Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was backed by the army, and First Lady Grace Mugabe, backed by the younger G40 section, over who would replace the elderly President Mugabe. Grace Mugabe warned to a coup in October 2017.

A week after Mnangagwa was fired and forced to flee the country, and a day before troops moved into Harare, army chief Constantino Chiwenga issued a statement that purges of senior ZANU-PF officials like Mnangagwa had to stop. On November 21, 2017, Mugabe resigned as president. Emmerson Mnangagwa became the President of Zimbabwe on November 24, 2017.

Emmerson Mnangagwa

Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa (pronounced ; born 15 September 1942) is a Zimbabwean politician. He became the second and current President of Zimbabwe after Robert Mugabe resigned on 21 November 2017. He served as Vice-President of Zimbabwe from 2014 to 2017. On 6 November 2017 he was removed as vice president by Robert Mugabe, who said he had been plotting against the government. He is the president of Zimbabwe since 24 November 2017.

On 15 November 2017, Mnangagwa became leader of ZANU-PF and was reported as likely to soon become President of Zimbabwe after the coup against Mugabe. Mugabe resigned on 21 November 2017 and Mnangagwa was named to be his successor.

While addressing a rally in Bulawayo and ahead of the scheduled July 31 elections, an explosion occurred, killing 2 and injuring 47 people. Mnangagwa escaped unharmed, but several members of the ZANU-PF party were injured, including his first and second vice-presidents; Constantino Chiwenga and Kembo Mohadi, and Mary Chiwenga, the first vice-president's wife.

Philip Kotler

Philip Kotler (born May 27, 1931) is an American marketing author, consultant, and professor. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He works at Northwestern University. He is the author of over 60 marketing books. He is an expert at marketing and capitalism. He studied at DePaul University.


Gunnar Uldall

Gunnar Uldall (17 November 1940 – 14 November 2017) was a German politician. He was state minister of Economy and Labour in Hamburg from 2001 to 2008. He was born in Hamburg. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He served on the Hamburg Parliament from 1966 through 1983.

Uldall died on 14 November 2017, shortly before his 77th birthday in Hamburg.

Luis Bacalov

Luis Enríquez Bacalov (30 August 1933 – 15 November 2017) was an Argentine-born Italian composer of movie scores. He was born in Buenos Aires.

In the early 1970s, he worked with Italian progressive rock bands. Bacalov has been nominated twice for the Academy Award for Original Music Score, winning it in 1996 for "Il Postino". He was the artistic director of the "Orchestra della Magna Grecia" in Taranto, Italy.

Bacalov died in Rome on 15 November 2017 of leukemia at the age of 84.

Keith Barron

Keith Barron (8 August 1934 – 15 November 2017) was an English actor. He appeared in many movie roles and on television from 1961 until 2015. His television roles included the police drama "The Odd Man", the sitcom "Duty Free" and Gregory Wilmot in "Upstairs, Downstairs". He was born in Mexborough, South Yorkshire, England.

Barron died on 15 November 2017 at the age of 83.

Sarah Lawson

Sarah Lawson (born 6 August 1928) is a British actress. She was born in Wadsworth, London, England. She is known for her roles in "The Odd Man", "The Trollenberg Terror", "Bergerac", and "Zero One". She made guest appearances in such series as "The Avengers", "The Saint", "Gideon's Way", "The Professionals" and "Danger Man".

Yuri Kayurov

Yuri Ivanovich Kayurov (; born September 30, 1927) is a Soviet and Russian movie and theater actor. He was honored with the People's Artist of the RSFSR (1979). He was born in Cherepovets. He is known for playing the role of Vladimir Lenin in the movie "Lenin in Paris". He is also a stage actor in Moscow.

B.Y.O.B.

"B.Y.O.B." (Bring Your Own Bombs) is the fourth single off of American rock band System of a Down's third studio album "Mezmerize". The song was released on March 28, 2005.

The song was able to make it to #4 on the Alternative Airplay, #4 on the Mainstream Rock, and #27 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The original song was certified 3× Platinum and the mastertone was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song won Best Hard Rock Performance at the 48th Grammy Awards.

The song is an anti-war song and is protesting the Iraq War. It speaks on how rich politicians will start wars and expect poor people to fight in them.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Jake Nava. In the video, the band plays in the street and soldiers who have helmets that read words like OBEY and DIE march past them. The band enters a party and perform in front of a dancing crowd. The soldiers break through the walls and everybody runs away. The soldier capture and brainwash the partygoers who now wear the same helmets. The video ends with the band also wearing the helmets.

Françoise Héritier

Françoise Héritier (15 November 1933 – 15 November 2017) was a French anthropologist, ethnologist, and feminist. She worked at the Collège de France (Chair of Comparative Studies of African Societies from 1982 to 1998). Her work deals mainly with the theory of alliances and on the prohibition of incest.

Wolfgang Schreyer

Wolfgang Schreyer (20 November 1927 – 14 November 2017) was an (East) German writer of fiction, historic adventures mixed with documentary, science fiction for TV shows and movies. He was born in Magdeburg, Germany.

During the last years of the war he was a member of the NSDAP (1944 – 1945).

He was best known as the author of over 20 adventure stories. In 1956 Schreyer was awarded the Heinrich-Mann-Preis. From 1974 until his death, he was a member of PEN International. He was very successful in East Germany.

Schreyer died on 14 November 2017 in Ahrenshoop, Germany at the age of 89.


Frans Krajcberg

Frans Krajcberg (12 April 1921 – 15 November 2017) was a Polish-born naturalized Brazilian painter, sculptor, engraver and photographer. He was known for his environmental activism. Krajcberg was against the destruction of the Brazilian forests, using materials such as burnt wood from illegal forest fires in his artworks.

Krajcberg was of Jewish descent. During World War II he fought in the Polish army. After the war he studied in the Soviet Union and Germany, and afterwards traveled between Brazil, Spain and France. He settled in Brazil in 1956 and became a Brazilian citizen in 1957.
Frans Krajcberg died at the Hospital Samaritano in Rio de Janeiro of complications from pneumonia at the age of 96.


Rudi Kurz

Rudi Kurz (9 May 1921 – 2020) was a German actor, screenwriter and film director. He was born in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany. He is known for directing "Das grüne Ungeheuer" and "Die Spur führt in den 7. Himmel". He also directed television shows such as "Es geht nicht ohne Liebe". Kurz died in 2020 at the age of 99.


World War I Victory Medal (United States)

The World War I Victory Medal is a service medal of the United States military which was first created in 1919, designed by James Earle Fraser. The medal was originally intended to be created due to an act of the United States Congress. It was initiated in April of 1921.

Description
The medal is Bronze and 1 3/8 inches in diameter. On the obverse is a winged Victory, standing full length and full face. On the reverse is the inscription “THE GREAT WAR FOR CIVILIZATION” and the United States shield with the letters “U.S.” surmounted by a fasces, and on either side the names of the allied and associated nations. The lapel button is a five-pointed star 5/8-inch in diameter on a wreath with the letters “U.S.” in the center.

Ribbon
The medal is suspended by a ring from a silk ribbon 1 3/8 inches in width, representing two rainbows placed in juxtaposition and having the red in the middle.

My Voice

My Voice is the first studio album by South Korean singer Taeyeon. It was released on February 28, 2017, along with the video for the first single from the album, "Fine". Previously, the song "I Got Love" was released as a pre-single from the album on February 17, along with their video. Moments after the release, Taeyeon got all the songs from the digital album on the Korean record charts, with the single "Fine" on top of many. Just 8 hours after its release, the "Fine" clip reached 1 million views on YouTube, making it the singer's fastest video to reach that mark. On April 5th the album won a luxury edition titled "My Voice DELUXE Edition".

On February 15, S.M. Entertainment released a teaser of the "I Got Love" video, released on February 17 as a pre-single of "My Voice". After announcing the release of Taeyeon's first album, S.M. began releasing teasers of "My Voice" songs, beginning with the song "Love In Color" on February 20th. The album was released on February 28, 2017, along with the song's first single from the album, "Fine". The album was re-released on April 5, 2017 as a deluxe edition, 3 new songs and a new track title "Make Me Love You" and with its single "" which was released the previous year as a digital single.

The album features two singles and three video clips, one for the main single "Fine", another for the album's pre-single "I Got Love" and another for the single from the deluxe version of the album titled "Make Me Love You". The release of "I Got Love" was marked by the dark and sensual visual that Taeyeon had not yet shown to the public. In "Fine", Taeyeon shows his sensitive side, as already shown in previous releases, having the clip with a story that resembles that of his previous single, "11:11". The reissue single "Make Me Love You" was released on April 5, 2017 next to the music video.

Tom Tauke

Thomas Joseph "Tom" Tauke (born October 11, 1950 in Dubuque, Iowa) is an American lawyer and former politician of the Republican Party. He is a CEO of Verizon.

Tauke was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Iowa from 1979 to 1991.

He was also a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 1975 to 1979.

Sohni Mahiwal

Sohni Mahiwal or Suhni Mehar (Punjabi: سوہنی معینوال‎, ਸੋਹਣੀ ਮਹੀਂਵਾਲ; Sindhi: سهڻي ميهار‎) is one of the four popular tragic romances of Punjab. The others are Sassi Punnun, Mirza Sahiba, and Heer Ranjha. Sohni Mahiwal is a tragic love story which reverts the classical motif of Hero and Leader. The heroine Sohni, unhappily married to a man she despises, swims every night across the river using an earthenware pot to keep afloat in the water, to where her beloved Mehar herds buffaloes. One night her sister-in-law replaces the earthenware pot with a vessel of unbaked clay, which dissolves in water and she dies in the whirling waves of the river.

The story also appears in Shah Jo Risalo and is one of seven popular tragic romances from Sindh. The other six tales are Umar Marui, Sassui Punhun, Lila Chanesar, Noori Jam Tamachi, Sorath Rai Diyach and Momal Rano commonly known as "Seven Heroines" (Sindhi: ست سورميون ‎) of Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai. Shah begins the story at the most dramatic moment, when a young woman cries out for help in the cold river, attacked by crocodiles. The whole chapter (Sur Sohni) is merely an extension of this dreadful and yet hoped-for moment when the vessel of her body breaks and she, faithful to her pre-eternal love-covenant with Mehar, will be forever united through death.

Sohni is one of the favourite folktales both in Sindh and Punjab.

Propellant

Propellant is something that expands as a gas to propel something else. Aerosol spray cans, for example, have a liquid propellant that boils into a gas to push another liquid out of the can. Guns and rockets have propellants in them that burn, creating hot gases. 

Liebsdorf

Liebsdorf is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Lil Peep

Gustav Elijah Åhr (November 1, 1996 – November 15, 2017), better known by his stage name Lil Peep, was an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. His songs "White Wine", "Benz Truck", and "The Way I See Things" have each gained over 4 million views on YouTube. He was born in Long Island, New York. In 2015, Åhr released his first mixtape, "Lil Peep Part One", to limited success, generating 4,000 plays in its first week. The same year he released his first extended play, "Feelz", and another mixtape, "Live Forever".

Åhr came out as bisexual on August 8, 2017.

Åhr died on November 15, 2017 before a concert in Tucson, Arizona of a supposed Xanax overdose at the age of 21. After an autopsy was completed, it was confirmed that he was given fentanyl instead of Xanax.

Åhr's mother Liza Womack filed wrongful death charges against his label, FAE grp. She said that they failed to look after him and gave him illegal drugs even though they were aware of his addiction. The label said this was not true. The lawsuit was settled in February 2023 with Åhr's music catalog going to his family.


List of political parties in Bulgaria

This is an article showing all the political parties in Bulgaria.

The most recent parliamentary election was in 2017.


Tobias Enverga

Tobias C. Enverga, Jr. (December 2, 1955 – November 16, 2017) was a Filipino-born Canadian politician. He served as the Canadian senator representing the province of Ontario from 2012 until his death in 2017. He was born in Manila, the Philippines. He was co-chair of the Asian Heritage Month Celebration for the Greater Toronto Area and was previously a director of the Canadian Multicultural Council - Asians in Ontario.

Enverga died on November 15, 2017, while on a trip to Medellín, Colombia at the age of 61.

Franz Vranitzky

Franz Vranitzky (born 4 October 1937) is an Austrian politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ), he was Chancellor of Austria from 1986 to 1997. In 1984, Vranitzky joined the SPÖ-Freedom Party (FPÖ) government coalition under Chancellor Fred Sinowatz as minister of finance. He is a former member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.

F. David Mathews

Forrest David Mathews (born December 6, 1935) is an American politician. He served as the 11th United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare from 1975 to 1977 during the administration of President Gerald R. Ford. Since the 1980s he has been president and chief executive officer of the Kettering Foundation. He is the author of several books on democratic practice and education.


Robert Hirsch

Robert Hirsch (26 July 1925 – 16 November 2017) was a French actor and comedian. He was born in L'Isle-Adam, Val-d'Oise, and was of Jewish descent.

His career began in 1951. In 1990, he won César Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in "Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre". His other movie appearances include "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", and in 2006/07 he appeared in "Le gardien" (a French adaptation of Harold Pinter's "The Caretaker").

Hirsch died in Paris at the age of 92.

Lou Adler

Lou Adler (born December 13, 1933) is a Grammy Award-winning American record producer, music executive, talent manager, songwriter, movie director, and movie producer. He produced the works of Carole King, The Mamas & the Papas and The Grass Roots. Adler was an executive producer of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", the longest-running theatrical movie in history. He also discovered and produced comedy albums and movies for Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong.

Gennady Golovkin

Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin (Cyrillic: ; born 8 April 1982), often known by his nickname "GGG" or "Triple G", is a Kazakhstani boxer who currently holds the unified WBA (Super), WBC, IBF
and the IBO middleweight titles. In his amateur career, Golovkin won a gold medal in the middleweight division at the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships. He went on to represent Kazakhstan at the 2004 Summer Olympics, winning a middleweight silver medal. He is ranked as the number one middleweight boxer and number three on pound for pound.

Tyson Fury

Tyson Luke Fury (born 12 August 1988) is a British professional boxer. He has held the WBC and "The Ring" heavyweight titles since beating Deontay Wilder in February 2020. Fury also won the unified WBA, IBF, WBO,and lineal titles when he beat Wladimir Klitschko in 2015. Fury had his IBF title taken away later that year because did not agree to fight against Vyacheslav Glazkov even though he was meant to accept the challenge. He chose to fight against Klitschko again instead. In 2016, Fury vacated the WBA, WBO,and lineal titles because of medical issues, problems in his personal life, and the Klitschko rematch being cancelled twice. As of 2021, Fury is ranked as the world's best heavyweight by BoxRec, Transnational Boxing Rankings Board and ESPN.

Having been told be could not fight for Ireland at the Olympic Games, he was allowed to fight for both Great Britain and Ireland after tracing his family back to relatives in Belfast and Galway. Fury has fought for both England and Ireland as an amateur, winning the ABA super-heavyweight title in 2008 before turning professional later that year. He has since held the British and English heavyweight titles twice each, as well as the European, Commonwealth, and Irish heavyweight titles.

Anthony Joshua

Anthony Oluwafemi Olaseni Joshua, (born 15 October 1989) is a British boxer. He is the former unified world heavyweight champion, having held the IBF, WBA (Super), IBO and WBO titles until 2019. At regional level he held the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles from 2014 to 2016. As an amateur competing in the super-heavyweight division, Joshua represented England at the 2011 AIBA World Boxing Championships, winning a silver medal; he also represented Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics at the 2012 Olympics, winning gold. In 2014, a year after turning professional, "The Ring" magazine named him their Prospect of the Year.

As of June 2019, Joshua is ranked as the world's third best active heavyweight. His knockout-to-win ratio stands at 91%. Joshua is the second British boxer, after James DeGale, to win both a gold medal at the Olympics and a world title by a major professional sanctioning body, as well as being the first British heavyweight to do so. He is also the second boxer, after Joe Frazier, to win a world heavyweight title whilst still reigning as Olympic champion at the top weight.

Joshua lost his world titles after an upset defeat to the American Andy Ruiz Jr.

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 is a 2010 British-American fantasy movie. It is based on the book by J. K. Rowling. The movie was directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint and Emma Watson.

Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger do not return to Hogwarts because they are now on a mission to find and destroy all of Lord Voldemort's horcruxes (objects that Voldemort has put his soul inside so that he can live forever). 

After a while of searching, the trio soon find out that one of the horcruxes, a locket, is in the possession of Dolores Umbridge, a Ministry of Magic official. The trio infiltrate the Ministry and find out Voldemort's followers have full control over it now. They steal the locket from Umbridge and escape.

Ron decides to leave the quest but later returns and helps Harry find the Sword of Gryffindor, which destroys the locket. The three travel to Xenophilius Lovegood's house (he is the father of their friend, Luna). Luna has been kidnapped by the Death Eaters.

Xenophilius tells them about the Deathly Hallows, three objects created by Death. They are the Elder Wand (most powerful wand ever), the Resurrection Stone and the Cloak of Invisibility. Xenophilius summons the Death Eaters, hoping to trade Harry for Luna but the trio escape.

Harry, Ron and Hermione arrive in a forest but are soon captured by Snatchers and brought to the home of the Malfoy family. Death Eater Bellatrix Lestrange asks Draco Malfoy if he recognises Harry. Draco lies and says he does not. Bellatrix sees the Sword of Gryffindor, which she thought was in her bank vault. 

In the dungeon, Harry and Ron meet Luna, Mr Ollivander and a bank goblin named Griphook. A house elf named Dobby arrives to rescue them. As they apparate away, Bellatrix throws a knife, killing Dobby. Meanwhile, Voldemort breaks into Albus Dumbledore's grave and takes the Elder Wand.


Erik Meijs

Erik Meijs (April 20, 1991 in Zoetermeer - November 16, 2017 in Duisburg, Germany) was a Dutch male badminton player.

Meijs became Dutch junior master in badminton men's single in 2010, and Dutch master in badminton men's single in 2016.

He died of the wounds caused by a car accident in 2017, at the age of 26.


Aleksandr Salnikov

Aleksandr Petrovych Salnikov (; born 3 July 1949 – 17 November 2017) was a Ukrainian basketball player. He was born in Sevastopol, Ukraine. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Salnikov died on November 17, 2017 at the age of 68.

Lièpvre

Lièpvre is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Schönenwerd

Schönenwerd is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Fritz Egner

Fritz Egner (born 3 August 1949) is a German radio presenter. He was born in Munich, Germany. In 1978 Egner joined the regional broadcaster Bayerischer Rundfunk. At this time his two friends and colleagues Thomas Gottschalk and Günther Jauch also joined.

Since 2016 he hosts the radio shows "Fritz und Hits" and "Stars und Hits" for Bayern 3, in addition he also hosts the Christmas radio show "Christmas Hits mit Fritz".


1996 African Cup of Nations

The 1996 African Cup of Nations was the 20th edition of the Africa Cup of Nations. The tournament was held from 13 January to 3 February in South Africa. It was also won by South Africa. The top scorer was Kalusha Bwalya, with 5 goals.

The winner of this tournament qualified for the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup tournament in Saudi Arabia.


Ruth Dreifuss

Ruth Dreifuss (born 9 January 1940) is a Swiss politician. She was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from (1993–2002), representing the Canton of Geneva. In 1970 she received a Master of Economics from the University of Geneva. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party.

Pierre Imhasly

Pierre Imhasly (14 November 1939 – 17 June 2017) was a Swiss novelist and poet. He was born in Visp, Switzerland. He studied German literature in Fribourg and Zurich. His major work is "The Rhone Saga" an epic poem about the Rhône River. He was the principal translator of Maurice Chappaz's works.

Imhasly died from cancer on 17 June 2017 at the age of 77.



Paspels

Paspels () was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the municipalities of Paspels, Almens, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils joined together and became a new municipality called Domleschg.

List of English-translated volumes of Découvertes Gallimard

This is a complete list of English-translated volumes of the French book collection . In United Kingdom, the collection was published by Thames & Hudson under the title “New Horizons”, which contains 107 volumes. In United States, Harry N. Abrams produced 111 volumes in the collection “Abrams Discoveries”.


Behavioural responses to stress in animals

Real or perceived threat in the environment, produces stress response in animals, which disrupts the internal constant environment of the animal. There are different kinds of stressors that animals can be exposed to. Animals display different kinds of stress responses as a result. Physiological changes that happen because of stress cause behavioural responses in animals. There are different types of behavioural responses: impairment of response inhibition and lack of motivation, changes in social, sexual, aggression and nurture behaviour in animals. The impact is dependent upon the type, and duration of the stress, as well as the past experiences of the animal. Behavioural responses to prolonged stress can also be transferred across generations.

Stress responses are any responses that an organism makes or goes through, in response to a stressor. A stress in accordance to Walter Cannon (1871-1945), is any disturbance that imbalances the internal environment of an organism also known as homeostasis. There are two major types of stressors that cause stress to animals: abiotic stressors and biotic stressors. Abiotic stressors are any ecological, geological, or climatological changes, that causes stress to the animal such as increased temperatures, and natural disasters. Biotic stressors are living things-related complications that causes stress; these include dominance, pollution, infection social pressures and competition.

There are different types of stress responses in an animal in response to stressors: physiological responses, behavioural responses, psychological responses, and/or physical responses. The response depends on the choice the animal makes when it is faced with danger that causes distress. Walter Canon argues that there are two possible choices that an organism may choose when stress is encountered: fight or flight responses.

There are many different types of behavioural responses to stress:


Prolonged stress in rats causes response inhibition. Stressed rats had inhibited premature responses (decreased timing of intervals to food), along with decreased intrinsic motivation to initiate a response. The decreased motivation is linked to the stress-associated reduction in incentive motivation. Decreased motivation was also seen in a study conducted by Beery and Kaufer, where they explained that stressed rodents are less likely to be motivated to interact with one another.

Social behaviours in rodents change in response to stress. Social withdrawal and general reduction in social interaction after an exposure to a stressor are evident in rodents. This is due to the underlying physiological changes that the rodent goes through. The changes that occur to the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) hormonal axis are directly related to the changes in social behaviour. Social avoidance is another consequence of stress that can be seen in rodents. Rodents are more likely to avoid dominant rats and avoid social interactions after the exposure to a stressor.

Sexual interests change in many species when exposed to stressors. Stressed male and female rats express inhibited mating behaviour which is evident through the clear increase in the inhibitory hormone RF-amide. Masculine sexual behaviour in male rats is subject to changes in accordance to the type of stressors that the rats were subjected to. Female Zebra Finches mating choice is determined by the stressors that they are exposed to early in life, which remains consistent throughout adulthood. A study about stress effects on female songbird’s response to sexual signal for mating, indicated that the response to this specific signal can be impaired if the female is exposed to developmental stress. Behavioural changes as a result from developmental stress impairs neural responses to sexual signal, which reduces mating:


Stressed animals would choose to avoid a novel situation rather than confront it. Aggressive behaviour is associated with sex hormones, such as testosterone, and specific brain regions and systems such as the medial preoptic nucleus, prefrontal cortex-dependent response inhibition, and anterior hypothalamus. Stress negatively impacts sex hormones, which results in an imbalance and reduction in aggression related hormones and function. Chronic stress results in prefrontal cortex-dependent response inhibition. This results in reduction in aggression, thus promoting anti-predator responses.


Prolonged stress alters parental behaviour toward offspring and promotes parental neglect. Predation stress alters parents’ behaviours such as the reduction in provisioning rates, which negatively impacts the offspring’s performance. Oxytocin and vasopressin hormones are generally responsible for affiliative and pair-bonding behaviours in many species. Stress alters the level of both hormones resulting in abnormal behaviour from parents towards offspring. Levels of oxytocin decrease as a result of prolonged stress, which has been shown to reduce pair bonding behaviour and increase withdrawal behaviour. Prolactin is another important hormone that is associated with nurture by parents to offspring, and levels of this hormone can be altered as a result of stress. Reduced levels of prolactin as a result of stress decreases behaviours such as suckling, licking, and brooding.

Behavioural response to stress can go from parents to offspring. When an offspring observes the expression of behaviour such as fear in response to a stress stimulus, the same response would be elicited in the offspring when the stimulus is presented. Fear is transferred from mother to infant in response to a certain odour stimulus. Neural activity, such as the basal amygdala activity of the offspring’s brain, illustrated fear response. Parents’ behavioural response to stress can be transgenerational and can be proven via neural activity.

Taroko National Park

Taroko National Park () is a national park in Hualien County, Taiwan. It is the fourth national park in Taiwan ever created. It is the third-biggest national park in Taiwan. It features the Taroko Gorge.

The park is well known because it has beautiful mountains and cliffs.

The meaning of "Taroko" is magnificent or beautiful in the Truku language.

The area in and around the park was created by the Liwu River. The river slowly cut through the rock to create the gorge.

The Atayal and the Sedek tribes came to the area over 300 years ago. Researchers found more than 70 villages from the tribes. There was a trail to Taroko called the Northern Road. The Qing Dynasty helped improve it. The Japanese then built a road system along the coast.

Gold mining began in the area in the 17th century. It happened when the Dutch ruled Taiwan, during the Qing Dynasty, and when the Japanese ruled Taiwan. When the Japanese ruled Taiwan, they began mining the gold in the Liwu River. It began in 1918. There were plans to mine more gold in a shorter time, but World War II started and it didn't happen. Soon, when the Kuomintang ruled over Taiwan, they banned gold mining.

The park was first created in 1937 when Taiwan was ruled by the Japanese. When they created it, it was called Tsugitaka-Taroko National Park. When the Chinese government came back to Taiwan in 1945, they closed down the national park. In the 1950s, Chiang Kai-shek wanted a road that crossed Taiwan from west to east. In 1960, this road was opened, called the Central Cross-Island Highway.
It runs through the Taroko Gorge.

The park was created again in 1986. It was important because it showed that the Taiwanese government knew that they were damaging the environment.

The park has many rivers, waterfalls, and gorges. It has of cliffs. It also has 27 of the "100 Peaks of Taiwan", which includes Mount Nanhu. Mount Nanhu is high and the fifth tallest mountain in Taiwan. The area has a lot of marble and it also has the only jade found in Taiwan.

The park is surrounded by the Pacific Ocean in the east, the Dajia River in the north, and the Zhoushui River in the west. The park covers around of land and covers Hualien County, Taichung, and Nantou.

The Taroko Gorge is long.

In October to April, the temperature is around . In May to September, the temperature is around .

There are 152 kinds of birds, 46 kinds of mammals, 35 kinds of reptiles, and 21 kinds of fish in the park. They include the Formosan wild boar and the Formosan monkey.

Taroko National Park has many monuments and attractions to help people learn about the Truku people and people that built the Highway. They include the Eternal Spring Shrine (also called the Changchun Shrine), and the Taroko village. In the park, many people come to hike. There are many hiking trails in the park.

The Eternal Spring Shrine was built to honour the 226 people who died building the Central Cross-Island Highway. It has two waterfalls coming out from the building. There are many hiking trails that begin there. There is also a cave with statues in it.


2016–17 First Professional Football League (Bulgaria)

The 2016–17 First Professional Football League (Bulgarian: Първа професионална футболна лига 2016/17, "Parva profesionalna futbolna liga 2016/17") was the 93rd season of top division football in Bulgaria. It was played from 29 July 2016 to 4 June 2017. Ludogorets Razgrad won the tournament. The top scorer was Claudiu Keșerü, with 22 goals.

Points and goals will carry over in full from the regular season.

Points and goals will carry over in full from the regular season.

22 goals


17 goals


14 goals


13 goals


11 goals



Ligsdorf

Ligsdorf is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Masevaux-Niederbruck

Masevaux-Niederbruck is a new commune of the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Masevaux and Niederbruck.

Linsdorf

Linsdorf is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. The mayor is Serge Gaisser. In 2014, 315 people lived in the commune.



Demirören Group

Demirören Holding is a Turkish holding company headquartered in Istanbul. Demirören Holding assets include the "Milliyet" and "Vatan" newspapers, Milangaz (a liquefied petroleum gas distributor with 9% of the Turkish market) and several shopping mall in Beyoğlu.

Erdoğan Demirören

Erdoğan Demirören (born 20 September 1937 in İnegöl, died on 8 June 2018 in İstanbul) is Turkish industrialist and businessman. He is owner, founder, and Chairman of the Board of Demirören Holding. Demirören also is a member of the High Advisory Council of Rumeli Administrators and Businessmen's Association.

He died of respiratory failure.

Linthal, Haut-Rhin

Linthal is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Canaan (son of Noah)

According to Islam, Yam, son of Noah was the fourth son of Noah.

Yam is not in the Jewish holy book, the Torah, or the Christian holy book, the Bible. Those two books talk about Yam's older brothers, Shem, Ham, and Japheth, but Yam is only in the Muslim holy book, the Qur'an. 

In the Muslim version of the story of the Great Flood, Yam did not believe in God the way his father, mother and brothers did. They followed God's instructions and Noah built a large boat, the ark, in time to survive the flood, but Yam drowned instead.

According to the Qur'an, Noah asked Yam to come with him on the boat, but Yam decided to climb a mountain instead: "O my son, come aboard with us and be not with the disbelievers." Canaan said, "I will take refuge on a mountain to protect me from the water." Noah said, "There is no protector today from the decree of The Lord our God, except from whom He gives mercy." Then it is mentioned that Yam drowned.

The holy books of the Jews, Christians and Muslims also talk about Canaan (son of Ham), Noah's grandson. This Canaan is still alive after the flood. One Jewish scholar thinks this Canaan might have been Noah's son and not grandson. So this could be the same Canaan or it could be another person with the same name.

Meresha

Meresha is an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer.

Her music has charted on the "Billboard" charts multiple times, while her videos have been played internationally, including on MTV, where she won a Freshmen competition. She's been the #1 indie artist on US Pop radio for a month. She was selected to the national House of Blues class of 2016 of promising musicians, and has performed at venues including Mizner Amphitheater, Hard Rock Cafe, House of Blues and B.B.King's. In May 2017, Meresha performed on the main night and stage at SunFest for 40,000. Meresha was named the #3 emerging artist globally on Billboard's Next Big Sound chart in July 2017. Meresha's 2017 "Enter the Dreamland" EP debuted on the Billboard Top Heatseekers Album sales chart, and was Top 10 on iTunes and Amazon charts. AllMusic called the album "a delightful five-song set of smart, effervescent, forward-thinking progressive pop" and named it a Top 20 album of the year. The first single "Enter the Dreamland" hit #1 on the HMV singles chart in Canada in August 2017. Subsequent singles like "Violet Night" and "Olivia" made Billboard Charts in 2018 and 2019. Meresha continued to release a series of singles including 2022's "Trouble", which prompted Extra TV to call her an "exciting and otherworldly talent", and Forbes France to mention her as an independent artist approaching global stardom.

In 2015, Meresha released the EP "New Revolution". It included the title song and three other songs. Her eclecticism and beats created a fresh sound that brought old styles into modern production. The song "New Revolution" entered the "Billboard" Top 40 chart between Adele and Justin Bieber. It was the #1 Indie song on US radio for a month. Her video clip "New Revolution" was directed by David Rousseau. He had also directed most Pitbull's videos . "My love has come" was in the Top 40 on both Billboard Activator and Indicator charts. At the end of 2016, Meresha released the dual-language single "Together/Juntos". She performed her songs live in concert with Adam Lambert and the band Third Eye Blind.

Meresha performed at SunFest 2017 with musicians such as Weezer, Blink-182, Snoop Dogg and Macklemore. This was the first time that she performed two of her songs from her 2017 EP "Enter the Dreamland". The following year, Meresha's single "Violet Night" placed at number 2 on the Billboard Dance & Electronic charts. Meresha performed at the 2019 Governor's Ball music festival in New York. Her 2019 single "Olivia" peaked at #4 on Billboard Dance & Electronic charts. Later that year, she released "Is This Love". The album was released to benefit the international charity Movember.

Meresha released the single "Hold" and the album "Look How Far" in 2020. In 2021, she released the single "Red Headed Lover," the "In Bloom EP and Hawai'i." 2022 singles included "Trouble" Greatest Time, Fire On, Memory and "Ask Me" 

Source:

Vignemale

The Vignemale (, , ) is the highest of the French Pyrenean summits, on the border with Spain (the highest in the whole of the Pyrenees is Pic Aneto).

The Vignemale is between the Spanish province of Huesca and the French department of Hautes-Pyrénées. It is the highest mountain in the French Pyrenees, the Occitanie region and in the Hautes-Pyrénées department. The mountain is in the "Pyrénées National Park" (France) and in the "Reserva de la Biosfera Ordesa-Viñamala" (Spain).

The Vignemale is the name given to the mountain massif that is formed by several distinct summits; the main summits are:


The "Pique-Longue" can bee seen easily from other mountains and even from the city of Lourdes.

The Vignemale is also where is the second largest of the Pyrenean glaciers (after the one one in Aneto): the "Ossoue" glacier with an area of around . The easiest route to climb the mountain, and the one most used, is across this glacier.

On August 1792, some shepherds climbed the "Pique-Longue" following orders from Louis-Philippe Reinhart Junker who was in charge of a team that was studying the French-Spanish border. But the names of those shepherds are not known.

The first known ascent of this peak was made 45 years later, on 8 October 1837, by Henri Cazaux, from Luz (now Luz-Saint-Sauveur), and his brother-in-law Bernard Guillembet.


Richard H. Watson

Richard H. Watson is a New Zealand-born American biotechnology researcher, known for introducing grass-based dairies in Georgia. Watson specializes in animal nutrition and grazing systems.

In 1994, Watson got a Bachelors in Agricultural Science from Massey University (Palmerston North, New Zealand) and a Masters degree in Applied Science in 1995. Watson received his PhD for Animal science and Grazing systems in 2000 and was recruited by the University of Georgia to lead a cattle grazing research program in the Department of Crop and Soil Sciences where he helped developed a statewide grazing research program for cattle producers, looking at new forage and grazing technologies.

Watson served as the State Extension Forage Specialist and Assistant Research Professor at Department of Plant and Soil Sciences at Mississippi State University between January 2004 to August 2006.


Invercargill

Invercargill () is the southernmost and westernmost city in New Zealand, and one of the southernmost cities in the world. It is the commercial centre of the Southland region. It lies in the Southland Plains on the Oreti or New River some 18 km north of Bluff, which is the southernmost town in the South Island. It sits amid rich farmland that is bordered by large areas of conservation land and marine reserves, including Fiordland National Park covering the south-west corner of the South Island and the Catlins coastal region.

Bhimbetka rock shelters

The Bhimbetka rock shelters are an archaeological site of the Paleolithic. They are the earliest traces of human life on the Indian Subcontinent, and the beginning of the Indian Stone Age. Here are many beautiful drawn drawings by the Stone Age people. There you can see some drawings of people who are hunting.

Malwa

Malwa is a natural region in west-central India occupying a plateau of volcanic origin. Geologically, the Malwa Plateau generally refers to the volcanic upland north of the Vindhya Range.

Kalibangan

Kalibangān is a prehistoric site at in Rajasthan. It is on the left or southern banks of the Ghaggar (Ghaggar-Hakra River), India. It is on a triangle-shaped piece of land at the confluence of Drishadvati and Sarasvathi Rivers. A report on the excavations at the site were published in 2003 by the Archaeological Survey of India, 34 years after the completion of excavations. The report said that Kalibangan was a major provincial capital in the Indus Valley. Discoveries at Kalibangan include unique fire altars and world's earliest known ploughed field. There is also evidence of two types of burials, namely circular graves and rectangular graves.

Jiří Kormaník

Jiří Kormaník (26 March 1935 – 3 November 2017) was a Czech amateur wrestler. He competed for Czechoslovakia at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics in Greco-Roman wrestling and won a silver medal in 1964. He was born in Scăiuş, Caraș-Severin County, Romania.

Kormaník died in Chomutov on 3 November 2017 at the age of 82.

Wendell Eugene

Wendell Eugene (October 12, 1923 – November 7, 2017) was an American jazz trombonist. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was a popular trombonist on the New Orleans jazz scene and recorded with artists such as Lionel Ferbos, Harold Dejan, and Kermit Ruffins.

Eugene died on 7 November 2017 in New Orleans of pneumonia at the age of 94.

Bernhard Eckstein

Bernhard Eckstein (21 August 1935 – 10 November 2017) was a German cyclist. In 1960, he won the road race at the world championships and finished in 22nd place in the road race at the 1960 Summer Olympics. 

During his career he won six one-day races, four in 1958, one in 1960 (the Manx Trophy in the amateurs division), and one in 1966. He was born in Zwochau, Germany.

Eckstein died on 10 November 2017 in Berlin at the age of 82.

Franciszek Kornicki

Franciszek Kornicki (18 December 1916 – 16 November 2017) was a Polish fighter pilot. He served in the Polish Air Force in Poland, France and Britain during the Second World War and later served in the Royal Air Force (RAF).

Kornicki died just a few weeks short of his 101st birthday in Worthing, England of a heart attack. He was the last surviving Polish fighter squadron commander from the Second World War.


Salvatore Riina

Salvatore "Totò" Riina (; 16 November 1930 – 17 November 2017), called Totò 'u Curtu (; Totò being the diminutive of "Salvatore"), was an Italian mobster and chief of the Sicilian Mafia. He known for the murder campaign that reached a peak in the early 1990s when the assassinations of Antimafia Commission prosecutors Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino occurred.

Riina advocated the killing of women and children, and killed blameless members of the public solely to distract law enforcing agencies. Assassin Giovanni Brusca estimated he murdered 100-200 people on behalf of Riina. 

After 23 years living as a fugitive he was captured.

Riina died on 17 November 2017 at the hospital in Parma of sepsis caused by surgery at the age of 87.

Rikard Wolff

Jan Rikard Wolff (8 April 1958 – 17 November 2017) was a Swedish actor and singer. His career included both movie roles in "House of Angels" and its two sequels and theatre roles such as in "Waiting for Godot" at Royal Dramatic Theatre, and "A Chorus Line" at The Göteborg Opera. He was born in Farsta, Sweden.

Wolff provided the voice of Scar in the Swedish-dub of "The Lion King". Wolff was openly gay.

Wolff was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour for his work with French music. His best known song was "Pojken på månen" from the album of the same name.

Wolff died on 17 November 2017 in Stockholm, Sweden of emphysema at the age of 59.

Earle Hyman

Earle Hyman (October 11, 1926 – November 17, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. Hyman was known for his role on "ThunderCats" as the voice of Panthro. He also appeared on "The Cosby Show" as Cliff's father Russell Huxtable. He made his Broadway stage debut as a teenager in 1943 in "Run, Little Chillun".

In 1980, he was nominated for a Tony Award and in 1986, was nominated for an Emmy Award.

Hyman died on November 17, 2017 in Englewood, New Jersey of stomach cancer at the age of 91.

Giorgio Antonucci

Giorgio Antonucci (1933 – 19 November 2017) was an Italian physician. He was born in Tuscany, Italy. He was known for his questioning of the basis of psychiatry. In 1969 he worked at the psychiatric hospital of Gorizia. From 1970 to 1972 he directed the mental hygiene centre of Castelnuovo nei Monti in the province of Reggio Emilia. From 1973 to 1996 he worked in Imola on the dismantling of the psychiatric hospitals "Osservanza" and "Luigi Lolli".

Antonucci died on 19 November 2017 in Florence, Italy at the age of 84.


Commins Menapi

Commins Menapi (18 September 1977 – 18 November 2017) was a Solomon Islands striker. He was last the manager of Western United. He guided them to their first and only Telekom S league title season 2014/2015. 

In the 2006–2007 season, he became the first player to be sent off in a New Zealand Football Championship Grand Final. He represented the Solomon Islands national football team on over 30 occasions, scoring a record 34 goals (including 7 against non-FIFA members). Menapi was arguably the most famous Solomon Islands footballer.

Menapi died in Honiara on 18 November 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 40. 


Youssouf Ouédraogo

Youssouf Ouédraogo (25 December 1952 – 18 November 2017) was a Burkinabe politician.

In 1992 he became the first Prime Minister of Burkina Faso since 1983, serving from 16 June 1992 to 22 March 1994. Ouédraogo, a member of the ruling Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP), later served as Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from January 1999 to June 2007.
Ouédraogo was born in Tikaré, in Bam Province. Under Thomas Sankara, Ouédraogo was appointed to the government as Minister of Planning and Popular Development on 31 August 1984, remaining in that position for three years. Shortly after Sankara was assassinated in October 1987, Ouédraogo became Minister for the Plan and Cooperation under Blaise Compaoré. He left that position on 25 April 1989 and became President of the Economic and Social Council, in which position he served until he was elected to the National Assembly as a deputy from Bam in the May 1992 parliamentary election. He was appointed as Prime Minister by Compaoré on 16 June 1992.

The CFA franc was devaluated in January 1994, and this was followed by controversy. Ouédraogo signed an agreement with trade unions to raise salaries on 12 March 1994, but the agreement fell through and Ouédraogo resigned a few days later. He then served as Ambassador to Belgium, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Luxembourg and the European Union before being appointed as Minister of State for Foreign Affairs in January 1999.

Ouédraogo was elected to the National Assembly again in the 2007 parliamentary election as a candidate of the CDP from Bam Province. In the government of Prime Minister Tertius Zongo, which was appointed on 10 June 2007, he was replaced as Foreign Minister by Djibrill Bassolé. He subsequently became Special Adviser to the President of the African Development Bank.

Friedel Rausch

Friedel Rausch (27 February 1940 – 18 November 2017) was a German football player and manager.

In April 2006, Rausch was diagnosed with skin cancer. He died of the disease on 18 November 2017 at the age of 77.


Mönchsdeggingen

Mönchsdeggingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany.

Ben Riley

Ben Riley (July 17, 1933 – November 18, 2017) was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Savannah, Georgia. He was known for his work with Thelonious Monk, as well as Alice Coltrane, Stan Getz, Woody Herman, Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Ahmad Jamal, Kenny Barron, and as member of the group Sphere. During the 1970s he was a member of the New York Jazz Quartet.

Riley died on November 18, 2017 in West Islip, New York at the age of 84. 


Why Him?

Why Him? is a 2016 American comedy movie directed by John Hamburg, written by Hamburg and Ian Helfer. It stars James Franco, Bryan Cranston, Zoey Deutch, Megan Mullally, Griffin Gluck, Keegan-Michael Key and Kaley Cuoco with Cedric the Entertainer. The movie is about a father who tries to stop his daughter's childish tech-millionaire boyfriend from asking her to marry him.

"Why Him?" premiered in Los Angeles on December 17, 2016, was released by 20th Century Fox in the United States on December 23, 2016 and grossed $118 million worldwide.


Naim Süleymanoğlu

Naim Süleymanoğlu (in Bulgaria forced to change as Naim Suleimanov (Bulgarian: Наим Сюлейманов), 23 January 1967 – 18 November 2017) was a Turkish World and Olympic Champion in weightlifting. In the 1988 Summer Olympics he set a record by lifting 190 kg in the clean and jerk. He was awarded the Olympic Order in 2001. 

In 2000 and 2004 he was elected member of the International Weightlifting Federation Hall of Fame.

On 25 September 2017, he was hospitalized due to liver failure. On 6 October, he had liver transplantation was made when a liver donor was found. On 11 November a surgery was made due to a cerebral hemorrhage which led to cerebral edema. He died on 18 November 2017.

Hiromi Tsuru

She was most known for voicing the character of Bulma ("Dragon Ball") for over 31 years. She was born in Hokkaido, Japan.

She was also known for her roles as Ukyo Kuonji ("Ranma ½"), Dokin-chan ("Soreike! Anpanman"), Madoka Ayukawa ("Kimagure Orange Road"), Miyuki Kashima ("Miyuki"), Reiko Mikami ("Ghost Sweeper Mikami"), Meryl Strife ("Trigun") and Naomi Hunter ("Metal Gear Solid" series).

Tsuru died of an aortic dissection in Tokyo, Japan on November 16, 2017 at the age of 57.

Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo

Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo (27 August 1925 – 19 November 2017) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was archpriest of the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls from 2005 to 2009. He was made a cardinal and made a cardinal-deacon by Pope Benedict XVI on 24 March 2006. He was elevated, according to custom, to the rank of cardinal-priest by Pope Francis on 20 June 2016. He was born in Turin, Italy..


Tai Chen-yao

Tai died in Taipei of pancreatic cancer on 19 November 2017 at the age of 69.

Pancho Segura

Pancho "Segoo" Segura (Francisco Olegario Segura; June 20, 1921 – November 18, 2017) was a leading Ecuadorian-American tennis player of the 1940s and 1950s. In 1950 and 1952, as a professional, he was the World Co-No. 1 player. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador, but moved to the United States in the late 1930s. He was the only player to have won the US Pro title on three different surfaces (which he did consecutively from 1950 to 1952).

In later years, Segura became a tennis coach and was known for coaching Jimmy Connors.

Segura died on November 18, 2017 at the age of 96 at his home in Carlsbad, California from complications of Parkinson's disease.

Fernando Matthei

Fernando Matthei Aubel (July 11, 1925 – November 19, 2017) was a Chilean Air Force General. He was born in Osorno, Chile. He was part of the military junta that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990, replacing the dismissed Gustavo Leigh as Air Force Commander in Chief on July 24, 1978.

From 1976 through 1978, Matthei served as Minister of Health.

Matthei was part of the Junta from 1977 to 1990, retiring from the Air Force in July 1991.

Matthei died on November 19, 2017 in Santiago, Chile of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 92.


Hou Zongbin

Hou Zongbin (; January 1929 – 14 November 2017) was a Chinese politician. He served as Governor of Shaanxi Province from 1987 to 1990, as Communist Party Secretary of Henan Province from 1990 to 1992, and as Deputy Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection from 1992 to 1998.

Hou died on 14 November 2017 in Beijing of a heart attack at the age of 88.

Kim Tae-yeon discography

Taeyeon's discography consists of a studio album, two EPs, twenty singles and ten soundtracks. The singer debuted in girl group Girls' Generation in August 2007 and then in Girls' Generation-TTS in May 2012. Her solo career began in 2015 with the release of her debut mini-album entitled "I". The EP was a commercial success in South Korea, where it reached number two on Gaon Album Chart and since then has sold more than 140,000 physical copies. The single of the same name managed to position itself in the first position of Gaon Digital Chart and has sold more than 1,8 million digital copies. In February 2016, Taeyeon published "Rain" as the first single from SM Station. The single reached the maximum position in Gaon Digital Chart and was ranked number three in Billboard World Digital Songs. His second EP, Why, was released in June 2016, reaching the top in Gaon Album Chart and managed to sell more than 110,000 physical copies. He produced two singles that were included in the mini album, "Starlight" and "Why". Subsequently, he released a digital single titled "" in November, which was ranked second in Gaon Digital Chart.

Taeyeon released her first studio album, "My Voice", in February 2017. The album won first place in Gaon Album Chart and sold more than 109,000 physical copies in its first month of release. He produced the single "Fine", which was number one on Gaon Digital Chart and reached number seven on Billboard World Digital Songs.

Muhammad Mansuruddin

Muhammad Mansuruddin (31 January 1904 – 19 September 1987) was a Bengali writer, literary critic, lexicographer. He is noted for his folklore collection titled "Haramoni". In 1987, he received doctor of literature degree from Rabindra Bharati University for his lifelong contribution to folklore collection and research. He also received second highest civilian honor Ekushey Padak and highest civilian honor Independence Day Award given by Government of Bangladesh in 1983 and 1984 respectively.

Mansuruddin was born on 31 January 1904 in Muraripur village under Sujanagar Upazila of Pabna district of East Bengal of the British India, now in Bangladesh. His father Muhammad Jaider Ali and mother Jiarun Nisa was respected in the village. He was educated in Madhabchandra Nandi Pathshala in his village. He passed matriculation from Khalipur High School in 1921 with first division, ISc from Pabna Edward College in 1923 and IA from Rajshahi College in 1924. He graduated from Rajshahi College in 1926. Then he went to Calcutta University for post-graduation and received Master of Arts in Bangla with first class in 1928.
In 1925, when he was studying at Rajshahi College, he married Sharifun Nisa. They had six sons and six daughters.

Mansuruddin started writing from his early age. He was inspired by his teacher Surendranath Sen. His first poem was 'Beduin Musalman'. It was published in the Edward College magazine. Samyabadi and Prachi journals published his later poems. He had interest of folklore and when he was in Rajshahi College, the Principal of the college, Kumudinikanta Banerjee, encouraged him to work on folklore.

He started collecting the folklore and folk songs from 1930 and compiled those under the name of "Haramoni" (Lost gems). Haramoni was published in regular section of monthly literary magazine Probashi. The full book consists of 13 parts. In 1948, he published collection of songs of Lalon under the name of Lalon Fakir-er Gaan (Songs of Lalan Fakir). After that, his "Lalan Geetika" was published. English translation of these books were published in 1974.

He wrote several biography books. Those are "Iraner Kobi" (Poet of Iran) (1968), biography of prophet Muhammad titled "Hazrat Muhammader Jiboni O Sadhona" (Life and Spirituality of Muhammad), and "Hazrat Shah Waliullah" and "Harun Rashid". His books for children are "Bokami" (Foolishness) (1952), "Thokami" (Deception) (1958) and "Mushkil Ahsan" (Problem Solving) (1958). In 1957, he compiled a dictionary, "Hashir Ovidhan", which includes Bengali idioms.

Mansuruddin died on 19 September 1987 in Dhaka.




Fernando Ricksen

Fernando Jacob Hubertina Hendrika Ricksen (27 July 1976 – 18 September 2019) was a Dutch former professional footballer. He played as a right back and right midfielder. He was mostly known for his six-year spell at Rangers. He earned 12 caps for the Netherlands at international level.

On 30 October 2013, Ricksen revealed he was terminally ill and had been diagnosed with ALS (motor neurone disease). He died from problems caused by the disease on 18 September 2019 in Airdrie, North Lanarkshire at the age of 43.






Freddie Jones

Frederick Charles Jones (12 September 1927 – 9 July 2019) was an English character actor. He portrayed Sandy Thomas in "Emmerdale". He appeared in David Lynch's movies "The Elephant Man" (1980), "Dune" (1984), "Wild at Heart" (1990) as well as the short-lived television series "On the Air" (1992) and the short movie "Hotel Room" (1993).

Jones died on 9 July 2019 at the age of 91 after a short illness.

Michael Aspel

Michael Terence Aspel, OBE (born 12 January 1933) is an English television presenter.He is known for his programmes such as "Crackerjack", "Aspel & Company", "This is Your Life", "Strange but True?" and "Antiques Roadshow". He was born in London.


Shane MacGowan

Shane Patrick Lysaght MacGowan (25 December 1957 – 30 November 2023) was an Irish-British musician and singer-songwriter. He was best known as the lead singer and songwriter of Celtic punk band the Pogues. He was also a member of the Nipple Erectors and Shane MacGowan and the Popes, as well as producing his own solo material.

In the summer of 2015, MacGowan fell as he was leaving a Dublin studio, fracturing his pelvis. MacGowan was using a wheelchair since the accident.
Following years of deteriorating health, he died of pneumonia in 30 November 2023, aged 65.


Positron emission tomography

Positron Emission Tomography (often called PET) is a medical imaging technique. A specially constructed device can show the path and distribution of a weakly radioactive substance. This substance is called tracer. The tracer dissolves in the blood, which will carry it the brain. There, it concentrates around brain structures that are particularly active. A PET scan detects the radioactivity and converts it into a digital image of the brain, highlighting the active areas. PET scans are often used to detect tumors. Different tracers are used for different kinds of scans. Very often, the tracers are similar to sugar, or are sugars which have been specially modified for the purpose.

The machinery which can detect these substances is expensive. The tracers have a half-life of around 30-60 minutes, Producing the tracer is difficult, and expensive. Because of different factors, the tracers need to be prepared for the event, they cannot be mass-produced.

Home Run Derby

The Home Run Derby is a yearly event in Major League Baseball where the hitter with the most home runs wins after a series of rounds. It first started in 1985.

The Star (1952 movie)

The Star is a movie from 1952. It was directed by Stuart Heisler. It stars Bette Davis, Sterling Hayden and Natalie Wood. Davis got a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress for this movie.

Claudio Báez

Claudio Báez (23 March 1948 – 19 November 2017) was a Mexican television actor. He was born in Guadalajara Jalisco, Mexico. He was known for the television series "Mundo de fieras" (2006), "A Shelter for Love" (2012) and "El privilegio de amar" (1998).

Báez died on 19 November 2017 at the age of 69.

Waiuku

Waiuku is a country town in the Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located at the southern end of the Waiuku River. It is 40 kilometres southwest of Auckland city centre, and 12 kilometres north of the mouth of the Waikato River.

Adalberto Giazotto

Adalberto Giazotto (1 February 1940 – 16 November 2017) was an Italian physicist. He was born in Genoa, Italy. He helped design the Virgo interferometer, which first detected gravitational waves in 2017. 

Giazotto won the Caterina Tomassoni e Felice Pietro Chisesi Prize, a Matteucci Medal, and shared the Enrico Fermi Prize with Barry Barish in 2016.

Giazotto died in Rome, Italy of a heart attack on 16 November 2017 at the age of 77.

Meissner effect

The Meissner effect is when a magnetic field is pushed out of a superconductor when it becomes superconducting. If you were to put a superconductor in the field of a big magnet and you looked just inside the superconductor, you would see that the magnetic field was much smaller than it was outside. The deeper in you looked, the closer it would be to zero. This is one of the ways that superconductors are not the same as perfect conductors, which do let magnetic fields pass through them.

The effect was discovered by Walter Meissner and Robert Ochsenfeld in 1933. They saw that because the magnetic field cannot go through the superconductor, the field right outside the superconductor becomes stronger.

One example of the Meissner effect is a magnet levitating above a superconducting plate cooled by liquid nitrogen. In order to stop the magnetic field from going into the superconductor, the superconductor acts like a magnet pointing the opposite direction. This repels the real magnet and stops it from coming any closer.

Gillian Rolton

Gillian Rolton (3 May 1956 – 18 November 2017) was an Australian Olympic equestrian champion. She competed in two Olympic Games, the 1992 Barcelona Games and 1996 Atlanta Games, winning a gold medal in team eventing both times on her horse, Peppermint Grove. She was only one of four Australians to win multiple equestrian Olympic gold medals. She was born in Adelaide, South Australia.

Rolton was awarded the Order of Australia Medal in the 1993 Australia Day honours "for service to sport as a gold medallist in the equestrian three-day event at the Olympic Games".

Rolton died of endometrial cancer in Adelaide on 18 November 2017 at the age of 61.

Alex Ifeanyichukwu Ekwueme

Alex Ifeanyichukwu Ekwueme GCON (October 21, 1932 – November 19, 2017) was a Nigerian politician. He was the first elected Vice-President of Nigeria, in office from 1979 to 1983. Ekwueme served during the Shehu Shagari administration. He was born in the Anambra State. He was a member of the National Party of Nigeria.

Ekwueme died of complications from a fall at a hospital in London on November 19, 2017 at the age of 85.

Milan Moguš

Milan Moguš () (April 27, 1927 – November 19, 2017) was a Croatian linguist and academician. He was born in Senj, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes . He studied at the University of Zagreb. He served as the Chairman of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts from January 1, 2004 through November 11, 2010.

Moguš died on November 19, 2017 in Zagreb of coronary artery disease, aged 90.


Warren &quot;Pete&quot; Moore

Warren "Pete" Moore (November 19, 1939 – November 19, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter and record producer. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was known as the bass singer for Motown group The Miracles from 1955 onwards.

Moore was one of the group's original members. He was also a 2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductee, and a BMI and ASCAP award-winning songwriter, and was the vocal arranger on all of the group's hits.

Moore died on his 78th birthday in Las Vegas, Nevada on November 19, 2017.


Jana Novotná

Jana Novotná (; 2 October 1968 – 19 November 2017) was a professional Czech tennis player. 

Novotna was born in Brno, Czechoslovakia . She played a serve and volley game among women during her career. She won the women's singles title at Wimbledon in 1998 and was runner-up in three previous Grand Slam tournaments. She won a silver medal in doubles at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She won the silver medal in doubles and the bronze medal in singles at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Novotná also won 12 Grand Slam women's doubles titles and four mixed doubles titles. She reached a career-high singles ranking of world No. 2 in 1997, and achieved the No. 1 ranking in doubles. Novotná retired from the professional tour in 1999. 

Novotná died of cancer in Brno on 19 November 2017 at the age of 49. She was in a relationship with Polish tennis player Iwona Kuczynska until her death.

Terry Glenn

Terry Tyree Glenn (July 23, 1974 – November 20, 2017) was an American college and professional football player. He was born in Columbus, Ohio. He was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for 12 seasons. He played college football for Ohio State University. He was drafted by the New England Patriots seventh overall in 1996, and also played for the Green Bay Packers and Dallas Cowboys.

Glenn died in a car crash in Irving, Texas on November 20, 2017 at the age of 43.


Janusz Wójcik

Janusz Marek Wójcik (November 18, 1953 – November 20, 2017) was a Polish politician and former football player and coach. He was born in Warsaw. From 2005 to 2007, he was a member of the Sejm. He was a member of the Samoobrona.

Wójcik played in several clubs at home and abroad, including Agrykola, Gwardia, Ursus and Hutnik Warszawa, Ravalpandi (Pakistan) and the Toronto Falcons (Canada). He trained the Polish national football team. On 21 April 2008 he was appointed as Widzew Lodz manager.

In 2010 Wójcik was hired as manager for Omani club, Al-Nahda.

Wójcik died on November 20, 2017 in Warsaw at the age of 64.

Robert Clotworthy

Robert Bruce Clotworthy (born October 24, 1955) is an American actor. He is best known as the narrator for the History Channel series "Ancient Aliens" and his role as the voice of Jim Raynor in the "StarCraft" video game series. 



Bob Clotworthy

Robert Lynn "Bob" Clotworthy (May 8, 1931 – June 1, 2018) was an American diver. He competed in the 3 m springboard at the 1952 and 1956 Olympics and won a bronze and a gold medal. He also won two medals at the 1955 Pan American Games. In 1980 he was added into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

Clotworthy died on June 1, 2018 in Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 87. 

Víctor Hipólito Martínez

Víctor Hipólito Martínez (November 21, 1924 – November 20, 2017) was an Argentine lawyer and politician. He was best known for his position as Vice President of Argentina during the Raúl Alfonsín administration serving from 1983 to 1989. He was born in Córdoba, Argentina.

Martínez died on November 20, 2017 at a clinic in Villa Allende, Córdoba, Argentina of complications from pneumonia at the age of 92.

Kamala (wrestler)

James Harris (May 28, 1950 – August 9, 2020) was an American retired professional wrestler and author. For most of his career, Harris wrestled under the ring name Kamala, using a "wild savage" gimmick. He was born in Senatobia, Mississippi.

On November 7, 2011, Harris had his left leg amputated below the knee due to complications of high blood pressure and diabetes, a condition he has had since 1992, but not accepting dialysis treatment, forcing him to retire on 2010.

On November 19, 2017, Harris underwent "life-saving" emergency surgery at a hospital in Oxford, Mississippi. The cause for the surgery was not disclosed. Following the surgery, he was put on life support due to complications resulting from the surgery. 

On August 5, 2020, he tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalized in New York City. He died four days later on August 9, aged 70.

Tongkang LRT Station

Tongkang LRT Station is an LRT station on the Sengkang LRT Line West Loop in Sengkang, Singapore. It was opened in January 2005. At the same time, the Punggol LRT East Loop opened.

The station's name refers to a light boat ("tongkang") that was used for transportation on rivers. It was named "Tongkang" because the area it was located in used to be closely related with water activities.

Ryza Cenon

Rhiza Ann Cenon Simbulan, popularly known as "Ryza Cenon", is a Filipina actress, dancer, and model. 

Ryza Cenon was born on December 21, 1987 in Nueva Ecija, Philippines. 

In 2004, she auditioned in the talent show "StarStruck Season 2" of GMA Network along with fellow stars Megan Young, Mike Tan, and LJ Reyes. She became the "Ultimate Female Survivor" of the StarStruck Season 2 in the same year. As an actress she appeared on several TV shows of GMA Network like "Darna" (2004), "Majika" (2006), "Fantastic Man" (2007), and "Machete" (2011). 

She became famous when she starred as the mistress Georgia Ferrer in the Philippine afternoon drama series "Ika-6 na Utos" (2016).

Merrill Cook

Merrill Cook (born May 6, 1946 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American businessman and politician of the Republican Party.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Utah from 1997 to 2001.

Cook studied at the University of Utah and at Harvard University.

He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

Karen Shepherd

Karen F. Shepherd (born July 5, 1940 in Silver City, New Mexico) is an American politician of the Democratic Party.

She was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Utah from 1993 to 1995. 

Shepherd studied at the University of Utah and at Brigham Young University.

Yanam

Yanam is a town in the Yanam district, Union territory of Puducherry, India. This town along with nearby villages form the district in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh.

According to the 2011 Census of India, the total population of Yanam is 55,626. The literacy rate of the city is 79.47%

Firozabad district

Firozabad district is a district in Uttar Pradesh, India. The district headquarters is Firozabad city. This district is a part of the Agra Division.

According to the 2011 Census of India, the Firozabad district has a population of 2,496,761. This gives it a ranking of 173rd in India (out of a total of 640 districts).

The city has some popular Hindu temples, mainly Vaishno Devi Dham, the Kela Devi Temple, and the Gopal ashram (Hanuman temple).

There are many Jain temples in Firozabad including the well-known Chadamilal Jain temple, the Shri Shuparshnath Jain mandir in Gher Khokal (Mahaveer Chowk) and Chandprabhu Jain mandir in Khidki.

An annual fair is held in Chandwar on October 2 . The Jama Masjid, constructed by the 16th century Mughal emperor Akbar' is the oldest mosque in the district.

Machilipatnam

Machilipatnam, also known as Masulipatnam, is a city in the Krishna district. It is a municipal corporation and the administrative headquarters of Krishna district. It is also the headquarters of Machilipatnam mandal in Machilipatnam revenue division of the district. The ancient port town served as the settlement of European traders from the 16th century, and it was a major trading port for the British, Dutch and French in the seventeenth century.
As of 2011 Census of India, Machilipatnam had a population of 170,008.

Machilipatnam mandal

Machilipatnam mandal is one of the 50 mandals in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is under the administration of Machilipatnam revenue division and the headquarter is located at Machilipatnam town.As of 2011 Census of India, the mandal had a population of 238,962.As of 2011 Census of India, this mandal has 29 settlements. It includes 1 town and 28 villages in the mandal.

Earl of Bothwell

Earl of Bothwell was a title in Scotland. It was created twice. It was first created in 1488 and lasted until 1567. The second creation was in 1587.

Indawgyi Lake

Indawgyi Lake ( ) is one of the largest inland lakes in Southeast Asia. It is located in Mohnyin Township in the Kachin State of Myanmar. The lake measures east to west, and north to south.

Ned Jarrett

Ned Jarrett (born October 12, 1932) is a retired race car driver and two-time NASCAR Grand National Series champion. He was born in Conover, North Carolina. He was best known for his calm attitude and he became known as "Gentleman Ned Jarrett". He is the father of former drivers Glenn Jarrett and Dale Jarrett and grandfather of Jason Jarrett.

Jarrett was added into the 2011 class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame on May 18 2011.


John Gordon

John Gordon (19 November 1925 – 20 November 2017) was an English writer of supernatural fiction. He wrote fifteen fantasy novels (including "The Giant Under The Snow"), four short story collections, over fifty short stories and a teenage memoir. He was born in Jarrow, Tyne & Wear. 

Gordon died on 20 November 2017 at his Norwich, Norfolk home of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 92.


John Gordon (disambiguation)

John, Johnny, Jonathan or Jon Gordon may refer to:


John A. Gordon

John Alexander Gordon (August 22, 1946 – April 19, 2020) was an American politician and military personnel. He was Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He served as the President George W. Bush's Homeland Security Advisor from 2003 to 2004.

Gordon died on April 19, 2020 in Columbia, Missouri at the age of 73.


Rodney Bewes

Rodney Bewes (27 November 1937 – 21 November 2017) was an English television actor and writer. He was best known for playing Bob Ferris in the BBC television sitcom "The Likely Lads" (1964–66) and in its sequel "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?" (1973–74).

Bewes died a week before his 80th birthday on 21 November 2017 in Manchester of vascular dementia.


Zoltan Istvan

Zoltan Istvan Gyurko, professionally known as Zoltan Istvan (born 1973), is an American transhumanist, journalist, entrepreneur and Libertarian futurist.

Formerly a reporter for the National Geographic Channel. He wrote for "Vice's Motherboard", "Wired", "The Huffington Post", "TechCrunch" and "Newsweek".

In late 2014, Istvan announced his plans to run for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. In 2017, Istvan announced his plans to run for Governor of California in the 2018 election as a member of the Libertarian Party.

In November 2017, Istvan announced his plans to run for President of the United States in the 2020 presidential election for the Libertarian Party. In January 2019, he announced that he withdrew from the Libertarian primary.

In November 2019, Istvan announced his candidacy for the Republican Party's nomination in the 2020 United States presidential election, hoping to win the GOP nomination against President Donald Trump.


Ham sandwich theorem

The ham sandwich theorem is a math theorem that says that a number of objects in the same number of dimension can be cut into two equal parts with a cut that is one dimension less.

One dimension is a line. A section of the line can be cut exactly in half with a single point.

Two dimensions is a flat sheet. Two shapes on this sheet can be cut exactly in half with a single line.

Three dimensions is space. Three objects in space can be cut exactly in half with a single flat sheet.

Four dimensions is a hyperspace. Four hyper-objects can be cut exactly in half with a single space.

The theorem is called the ham sandwich theorem because sandwiches are made of three dimensional pieces of bread that are cut in half with a flat sheet, like a slice of ham. If there were three pieces of bread, it would be possible to make one cut along a plane to divide each piece of bread into two equal pieces. If a piece of ham is then put between each sliced piece of bread, the result would be three ham sandwiches.

Kaji Khalak family

Kaji Khalak family is a noble group of four families that served the senior most state affairs in the Kingdom of Nepal. These families belonged to Kshatriya varna and were member of Kshetri caste within the Khas group. The primary four families who were granted the hereditary title of Kaji were - Thapa, Pande, Basnet and Kunwar. These four families were the apex of noble families in the court of Hindu Shah dynasty of Gorkha. Besides them the family of noble Bhandaris led by Jasvanta Bhandari, Parath Bhandari, Gagan Singh Bhandari, etc were minor members of the Kshetri Kaji group.

Thapa Kajis are the age old warriors and administrators who served in the Shah court. These consists of Bhimsen Thapa and Amar Simha Thapa family that came from Gorkha and various families of Kshetri Thapa came to serve the nation. They were added lately in comparison to Pandes. But, rightfully Thapa Kshetris served the nation vigorously to rise through the ranks. They are credited to defending their motherland in the Anglo-Nepalese War.

Pande Kajis are the group of warriors and administrators who served Gorkha Kingdom from its origin. There were many Pande courtiers serving long generations in the Gorkha Kingdom since 1559. Bangshidhar "Kalu" Pande (1713-1757) was selected as Kaji (Chief Minister) of Gorkha under King Prithvi Narayan Shah, after he received popular mandate from the residents of Gorkha. Pande family was tied maritally with Basnyat family. King Prithvi Narayan Shah conducted marriage between Kalu Pande's only daughter Chitra Devi Pande and Shivaram Singh Basnyat's second son Kehar Singh Basnyat. Pande Kajis led by Kalu Pande with support from Basnyat Kajis sacked petty Nepalese principalities one after one. Kalu Pande died at Battle of Kirtipur. Pande factions was led by his eldest son Bangsha Raj Pande, who later went on to became Dewan Kaji (Chief Minister) of Kingdom of Nepal. He annexed many principalities. He was killed due to palace conspiracy on 1785. Pande Kajis ran and dominated the Nepalese administration till the death of the Mul Kaji (Chief Minister) Damodar Pande, who happens to be the third and youngest son of Kaji Kalu Pande. After he was given death penalty on 1804, Pande Kajis was pushed out of the central power by the Thapa Kajis.

The Basnyat Kaji family was established by leading military commander Shivaram Singh Basnyat who was of Shreepali clan. He was a prominent courtier of King Prithvi Narayan Shah. The third son of Senapati Shivaram, Abhiman Singh Basnyat became the Mul Kaji (Chief Minister) of Kingdom of Nepal. His nephew Kirtiman Singh Basnyat, eldest child of marital ties between Basnyats and Pandes, became Mul Kaji (Chief Minister) of Nepal on 1794. He was regularly dominated by his maternal uncle Damodar Pande on court politics. After death of Kirtiman Singh, his brother briefly controlled the office of Mul Kaji. Basnyats were completely out of central power after that and supported Pandes due to their previous marital ties.

Kunwars were initiated in the Darbar politics through influential Sardar Ramkrishna Kunwar. A branch of Kunwars led by "Kaji" Jang Bahadur Kunwar, renamed themselves as Rana after 1848.

There were many Bhandari nobles; Parath, Gagan Singh, Jashwanta. Gagan Singh Bhandari was influential Kaji during 1845-46. He had 7 battalions under his control before his murder by Jung Bahadur Kunwar .
Gajabal and Atibal Bista were Bharadars in the Kingdom of Nepal. 

Layar LRT Station

Layar LRT Station is an LRT station on the West Loop of the Sengkang LRT Line. It is on the western side of Sungei Punggol (Punggol River). It was opened together with the East Loop of the Punggol LRT Line.
""Layar"" means "sail" in Malay. It is related to moving.


Sengkang

Sengkang is a town in Singapore in its north-eastern part. Seletar and Punggol are north of it, Pasir Ris and Paya Lebar are on its east, Hougang and Serangoon are on its south and Yishun and Ang Mo Kio are on its west.

It used to be a fishing village. Then, it was built-up very quickly by the Housing and Development Board (HDB). 4 neighbourhoods make up the town.

"Sengkang" is a Chinese word meaning "prosperous harbour". The name came from a road called Lorong Sengkang. It was near Lorong Buangkok.

There used to be farms and forests, and the only building was the Punggol Rural Centre. In 2005, it was removed to make space for newer buildings.

Its theme is "Town of the Seafarer", based on its rich history.

Sengkang is split into 7 zones.

Many buses and the Sengkang LRT Line serve the town. Sengkang MRT and LRT Station and Buangkok MRT Station are the MRT stations in Sengkang. They are on the North East MRT Line.


Renjong LRT Station

Renjong LRT Station is an LRT station in Sengkang, Singapore. It opened on January 2005. At the same time, the east loop of Punggol LRT Line opened.

There was a road called Lorong Rending near the station, so the station got its name from the road.


Zahir Raihan

Zahir Raihan (; 19 August 1935 – 30 January 1972) was a Bangladeshi writer and movie director. His first novel was "Shesh Bikeler Meye", published in 1960. His other notable novels are "Hajar Bachhar Dhore", and "Arek Phalgun". He is best known for his documentary "Stop Genocide", made during the Bangladesh Liberation War. His popular movies are was "Behula", "Sangam", and "Jibon Theke Nea". For his contribution in Bengali literature, he was awarded Bangla Academy Literary Award in 1972 and posthumously received highest civilian honour given by Government of Bangladesh, Independence Day Award, in 1999. He received Nigar Award for directing "Kancher Deyal" in 1964 and posthumously National Film Awards for his overall contribution in Bangladeshi movie in 1975 and for best story and dialogue in 2005. He also awarded second highest civilian honour given by Government of Bangladesh, Ekushey Padak in 1977 for his contribution in movie.

Zahir Raihan was born on 19 August 1935 in the village Majupur, Feni District, Bengal Presidency, British India (present-day Bangladesh). His birth name was Mohammad Zahirullah. He studied in Mitra Institute, Kolkata and in Alia Madrasha there. After the Partition of Bengal in 1947, he, along with his parents, came back to his village from Calcutta. In 1950, Raihan passed his matriculation from Amirabad High School, Feni. Then he passed ISC from Jagannath College, Dhaka in 1953. He received Bachelor of Arts in 1956 and Master of Arts in 1958 in Bengali literature from University of Dhaka.

Raihan started his career as journalist in 1950. He joined the newspaper "Juger Alo". Then he worked for the newspapers, such as, Khapchhara, Jantrik and Cinema. He was editor of Probaho in 1956. In 1955, his first short stories collection, "Suryagrahan" was published. He worked as an assistant of director A J Kardar in the movie "Jago Hua Sabera" in 1957. He then worked as an assistant of Salahuddin in the movie "Je Nodi Morupothey" and Ehtesham in the movie "Ae Desh Tomar Amar". He also wrote songs for "Ae Desh Tomar Amar".

Raihan had his directorial debut in the movie "Kokhono Asheni". This movie was made in 1960 and released in 1961. He married his first wife Sumita Devi that year. Sumita and he had two son, Bipul Raihan and Anol Raihan. In 1962, Raihan, along with Kalim Sharafi, directed the movie "Sonar Kajol". He wrote, produced and directed musical drama movie "Kancher Deyal" in 1963 and received Nigar Award for best direction for this movie. His most acclaimed novel "Hajar Bachhar Dhore" was published in 1964, for which he received Adamjee Literature Award. He made Pakistan's first colour movie, "Sangam" that year, both written and produced by him. He made his first CinemaScope movie, "Bahana", in 1965.

His first commercially successful movie was "Behula" (1966). This movie was made based on a popular folktale, starring Suchonda and Abdur Razzak. After the success of the movie, he made "Anwara" (1967) with this pair, based on a novel of Mohammad Nazibur Rahman. This was also commercially hit. In 1968, he married his lead actress Suchonda. Together they had one son Topu Raihan. In 1968, he wrote and produced "Dui Bhai", and produced "Shuorani Duorani", "Shesh Porjonto" and "Moner Moto Bou".

In 1970, Raihan wrote, produced and directed political satire drama movie "Jibon Theke Neya". This movie centers around a family where most of the family members are oppressed by woman controlling the family, which is the metaphor of tyranny of mass uprising in 1969 in then East Pakistan. During the Liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971, Raihan went to Calcutta and showed his movie "Jibon Theke Neya" in Calcutta. Renowned movie directors of Kolkata Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen, Tapan Sinha and Ritwik Ghatak praised him for this movie. He was general secretary of Bangladesh Liberation Council of Intelligentsia during liberation war and was making "Let There Be Ligth". He left the project and made "Stop Genocide", a documentary on the oppression of Pakistani army over Bengali people. This documentary was supported by Indian friends of Bangladesh. Acting Prime Minister of exiled government Tajuddin Ahmed found the importance of the documentary. Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was touched seeing this and ordered movie division of India to buy and circulate it internationally. That year, he also produced and directed "A State Is Born" and produced "Liberation Fighters", directed by Alamgir Kabir, and "Innocent Millions", directed by Babul Choudhury. His final movie was in Urdu language "Jalte Suraj Ke Niche" (1971).

Raihan was not found from 30 January 1972. He went out from his house to find his brother Shahidullah Kaiser, whom Pakistan army along with local collaborators captured and killed during last days the liberation war of Bangladesh. His family believed that armed Bihari collaborators and soldiers of Pakistan army who were hiding in Mirpur fired on the people who went there to find their men.




Followings movies were produced by Raihan and directed by his assistants


11:11

"11:11" is a song recorded by the South Korean singer Taeyeon. It was published as a digital single on November 1, 2016 by SM Entertainment. The song was written by Kim Eana and produced by Christian Vinten and Chelcee Grimes.

On October 28, 2016, Taeyeon announced that she would release a digital single titled "11:11". The song is described as a pop ballad that features the melody of quiet acoustic guitar that adapts to the atmosphere of late autumn. The lyrics are about the reminiscences of a girl about making wishes with her old love when the clock ticks 11:11.

"11:11" and his music video were released on November 1st. Taeyeon filmed a live acoustic performance of the song, which was released on November 8.

"11:11" debuted at number two in the Gaon Digital Chart of South Korea from October 30 to November 5, 2016 and sold 238,197 digital copies during its first week of release. It was the second single from November 2016 on Gaon Digital Chart, which was behind "TT" by Twice. "11:11" charted at number 89 on the Gaon Year-end Digital Chart of 2016, and sold 668,462 digital units in South Korea in 2016. It additionally peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" World Digital Songs chart.

"Billboard" ranked the song at number 7 on their top 20 K-pop songs of 2016. As of March 2017, "11:11" sold over 900,000 digital copies in South Korea.

Red Army FC

Red Army Football Club, is a South Sudanese footballing club cored in Aweil, South Sudan; it plays in South Sudan Premier League (SSPL).

Since Red Army came to being on December 15, 2013, it first faced the toughest games which relegated it to second division initially, but as of 2016; it consolidated its strength that promotes it to first division. Its president is Jacob Garang who is also the founder of Red Army.

As of 2016, on November 1st, Red Army was knocked out by military club in penalties 4-3. article content follows.


PFC Levski Sofia

Levski () is a professional association football team from Sofia, Bulgaria. The team plays in the First Professional Football League. With 26 league titles, it is one of the most successful teams in Bulgaria. The club is named after Vasil Levski, and was founded on 24 May 1914. The team's home stadium is Vivacom Arena - Georgi Asparuhov Stadium.

The club's nicknames are "Sinite" (The blues), "Otbora na naroda" (The Team of the People) and "Sinyata lavina" (The Blue Avalanche).

Bulgarian A Group

Bulgarian Cup

Bulgarian Supercup

Tsar's Cup / Cup of the Soviet Army / Cup of Bulgaria

Ulpia Serdika Cup

Balkans Cup

Sofia Championship


Taipei Metro

Taipei Metro is a metro system in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan. It consists of 131 stations (119 stations if transfer stations are counted once,) with 6 main routes and 2 branch lines, operating on 152.9 kilometres (95 mi) of revenue track. The Taipei Metro was the first metro system in Taiwan. The Taoyuan Metro's Airport Express link opened in March 2017 mainly to connect the Taipei Taoyuan Airport and the main station.
The system operates according to a spoke-hub distribution paradigm, with most rail lines running radially outward from central Taipei. The MRT system operates from 6 am to midnight daily (the last trains finish their runs by 1 am), with extended services during special events (such as New Year festivities). Trains operate at intervals of 1.5 to 15 minutes depending on the line and time of day. Smoking is forbidden in the entire metro system, while eating or drinking is prohibited in the area.

Stations become extremely crowded during rush hours, especially at transfer stations such as Taipei Main Station, Zhongxiao Fuxing, and Minquan West Road. Automated station announcements are recorded in Mandarin Chinese, English, Taiwanese, and Hakka.

On the November 24, 2013, the section from Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall metro station to Xiangshan metro station opened and began revenue service.

On the November 15, 2014, with the opening of Songshan Line, trains run between Songshan and Xindian stations, forming Songshan-Xindian Line. Tamsui-Xindian services ended.


PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv

Lokomotiv () is a professional association football club from Plovdiv, Bulgaria. The team plays in the First Professional Football League. The team's home stadium is Lokomotiv Stadium. The club was founded on 25 July 1926. The club is one of the best supported clubs in Bulgaria. The club's biggest rival is Botev Plovdiv.

The club's nicknames are "Smarfovete" (The Smurfs) and "Zheleznicharite" (The Railwaymen).

Bulgarian A Group:

Bulgarian Cup:

Cup of the Soviet Army

Bulgarian Supercup:


Subprefectures in France

In France, a subprefecture () is the administrative center of a departmental arrondissement that does not contain the prefecture for its department. The term also applies to the building that houses the administrative headquarters for an arrondissement.

The civil servant in charge of a subprefecture is the subprefect, assisted by a general secretary. Between May 1982 and February 1988, subprefects were known instead by the title "commissaire adjoint de la République".

Where the administration of an arrondissement is carried out from a prefecture, the general secretary to the prefect carries out duties equivalent to those of the subprefect.

The municipal arrondissements of Paris, Lyon, and Marseille are divisions of the city (or commune) rather than the prefecture, and so are not arrondissements in the same sense.


Zibelemärit

The Zibelemärit (Bernese German dialect; English: Onion market) is an annual market with aspects of a fair in the old town of Bern, Switzerland. It takes place the fourth Monday in November.
Historical research indicates that the Zibelemärit originated in the 1850s with marmettes, farmer's wives from around Murten, coming to Bern at around St. Martin's Day to sell their produce. According to a local story, the Zibelemärit is a much older festivity though. According to this legend, the Bernese awarded the people from the nearby city of Fribourg the right to sell onions in the city in reward for their aid after a fire that destroyed much of Bern in 1405.

As the name indicates, it is mainly onions that are sold on the Zibelemärit. Bernese farmers, who are proud of their decorative onion tresses and onion wreaths, also sell other onion products on the market, including Zwiebelkuchen (onion pie), onion soup and onion sausages. Decorative chains of sugar onions are also popular with children.

The Zibelemärit opens very early in the day, at around 03:00 to 04:00. Later in the morning, the narrow alleys are usually packed tight with people, which is what the Bernese call the Gstungg. A general confetti battle in which mostly children participate ensues at four o'clock in the afternoon, officially ending the market.


Peter Berling

Peter Berling (20 March 1934 – 20 November 2017) was a German actor, movie producer and writer. He was born in Międzyrzecz, Poland. In several of his medieval novels Berling has drawn on conspiracy theories based on the Priory of Sion.

Berling died on 20 November 2017 in Rome, aged 83.


Munster cheese

Munster cheese (), Munster-géromé, or (Alsatian) Menschterkaas, is a soft cheese from Vosges. It is produced in the village with the same name. It is made from the milk of cows.

Pigniu

Pigniu was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is part of the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

In 1799, the Russian Army under command of Field Marshal Suvorov crossed the Pigniu pass.


Ion exchange chromatography

Ion exchange chromatography (or ion chromatography) is a process in chromatography that separates ions and polar molecules based on their attraction to the ion exchanger. It works on almost any kind of charged molecule—including large proteins, small nucleotides, and amino acids. The two types of ion chromatography are: "anion-exchange" and "cation-exchange" chromatography. They are used in protein purification, water analysis, and quality control.

The water-soluble and charged molecules such as proteins, amino acids, and peptides bind to moieties which are oppositely charged by forming ionic bonds to the insoluble stationary phase.The equilibrated stationary phase is made of an ionizable functional groups where targeted molecules of mixtures are separated and quantified while passing through the column. A cationic stationary phase is used to separate anions and an anionic stationary phase is used to separate cations. Cation exchange chromatography is used when the desired molecules to separate are cations and anion exchange chromatography is used to separate anions.

La Chaux-de-Fonds

La Chaux-de-Fonds is the capital city of the district of La Chaux-de-Fonds in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. After Geneva and Lausanne, it is the third-largest city in the French-speaking part of the country. As of December 2016, 38,965 people lived there.

The famous architect Le Corbusier, the writer Blaise Cendrars and the car maker Louis Chevrolet were born there.

In 2009, La Chaux-de-Fonds and Le Locle, its sister city, have jointly been awarded UNESCO World Heritage status for their exceptional universal value.

The city was founded in 1656. The region was first inhabited around 10,000 years ago (Epipaleolithic). A skull and other traces have been found in caves nearby.

In the middle of the 14th century, the region was colonized from the southern Val-de-Ruz. La Chaux-de-Fonds is first mentioned in 1350 as "la Chaz de Fonz". In 1378 it was mentioned as "Chault de Font".

The region was under the authority of the lords of Valangin. In the 15th and 16th centuries, a second wave of colonization came from the so-called "Clos de la Franchise" (the valleys of Le Locle and La Sagne). Agriculture was the main activity but the village remained small. In 1531 there were only about 35 people living there. The first church was built in 1528. By 1530, La Chaux-de-Fonds, like the rest of the Valangin lands, converted to the new Reformed faith. The Lord of Valanginian, René de Challant, fixed the boundaries of the parish in 1550. The church and parish provided a political structure and a small community of Valanginian citizens, free farmers and peasants grew up around the church. By 1615 there were 355 people living in the village. In 1616, the low and middle jurisdiction over La Chaux-de-Fonds moved to Le Locle and La Sagne, while the high court remained in Valanginian. The agriculture, supplemented by mills on the banks of the Doubs, continued to dominate. However, at the end of the 16th century, the city became an important crossroad between Neuchâtel, Franche-Comté and the Bishopric of Basel.

The community grew during the Thirty Years' War, mainly because of its strategic position for trade. Economic activity accelerated in the 18th century with the development of the city's lace and watchmaking industries. Pierre Jacquet-Droz, best known for his automata, was a particularly prominent watchmaker of this era.

In 1794, the city was devastated by fire. Charles-Henri Junod created the new city's plan in 1835, and the city is now known for its "modern," grid-like plan, in comparison with most European cities' meandering streets. The central avenue is named the Avenue Léopold Robert.

The city's economy is based on industry and watch manufacturers.

Many watch companies started in La Chaux de Fonds:

La Chaux-de-Fonds is twinned with the town of Frameries, Belgium.


Rueun

Rueun was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Rueun, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Pitasch

Pitasch was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Pitasch, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Kerzers

Kerzers () is a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Communauté d'agglomération d'Agen

The Communauté d'agglomération d'Agen is an administrative entity in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine, in southern France. Administrative center: Agen. It was formed in January 2013 by the merger of the communauté d'agglomération d'Agen and the communauté de communes du canton de Laplume-en-Bruilhois, and was also joined by the commune Pont-du-Casse.

It covers 31 communes, and has a population of approximately 99,000. It is the largest such "communauté" in Lot-et-Garonne.

The 31 communes:


APOEL FC

APOEL FC () is a professional football club from Cyprus. It is based in the capital, Nicosia.




Fire bucket

The fire bucket is simply a bucket filled with water or sand which is used to prevent or extinguish fires. Typically, fire buckets are painted bright red and have the word fire stencilled on them. Fire buckets are a low-technology method of fighting small fires.

Stuffed peppers

Stuffed peppers () is one of the traditional cooked dishes of Libyan cuisine. It is made of green peppers stuffed with minced meat, parsley, cheese and onions.


Mix the meat with parsley, onion, eggs, and cheese, then put all the spices on it after that  Grind the peppers and put a little flour on the face and then fry them and serve them with tomato sauce.

The dish of stuffed peppers exists in other countries and cultures. It is sometimes cooked and served as a main course for vegetarians and vegans and has different recipes and preparation methods. The dish is traditionally prepared with bell peppers, although in some places, poblano peppers (a type of mild chili pepper) are used.


Communauté d'agglomération du Grand Annecy

Communauté d'agglomération du Grand Annecy is the "communauté d'agglomération", an intercommunal structure, centred on the city of Annecy. It is located in the Haute-Savoie department, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, southeastern France. It was created in January 2017 by the merger of the former "communauté de l'agglomération d'Annecy" and four communautés de communes. Its population was 203,078 in 2014, of which 128,422 in Annecy proper.

The Communauté d'agglomération du Grand Annecy consists of the following 34 communes:

Agglomeration community of Annemasse – Les Voirons

The agglomeration community Annemasse - Les Voirons is an intercommunal structure in Haute-Savoie, France. It consists of the town Annemasse and 11 neighbouring communes. It is located at the Swiss border, east of Geneva, between the mountains Salève and Voirons.

In 1966, the communes of Ambilly, Annemasse, Etrembières, Gaillard, Ville-la-Grand and Vétraz-Monthoux formed the "syndicat intercommunal à vocations multiples" of the Annemasse agglomeration. This cooperation became a communauté de communes on January 1, 2002. The "communauté de communes" of the Annemasse agglomeration and the "communauté de communes" of the Voirons merged to form the present agglomeration community in 2007.

The communauté d'agglomération consists of the following 12 communes:

The conseil is composed of 79 delegates of municipal councils of member communes.


Dmitri Hvorostovsky

Dmitri Aleksandrovich Hvorostovsky PAR (, 16 October 1962 – 22 November 2017) was a Russian operatic baritone. He was born in Krasnoyarsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. He was known for performing in "The Queen of Spades". He was awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky in 2015 and the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" in 2017.

Hvorostovsky died in London of brain cancer on 22 November 2017 at the age of 55.


Frontotemporal dementia

Frontotemporal dementia (FTD) is the clinical presentation of frontotemporal lobar degeneration. It is characterized by progressive neuronal loss predominantly involving the frontal or temporal lobes, and typical loss of over 70% of spindle neurons, while other neuron types remain intact.

Second only to Alzheimer's disease (AD) in prevalence, FTD accounts for 20% of young-onset dementia cases.

Common signs and symptoms include significant changes in social and personal behavior, apathy, blunting of emotions, and deficits in both expressive and receptive language.

István Konkoly

István Konkoly (5 March 1930 – 20 November 2017) was a Hungarian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Szombathely from 1987 to 2006. He was born in Kerkaszentmiklós, Kingdom of Hungary.

Konkoly died on 20 November 2017 in Szombathely, Hungary at the age of 87.

Thanggam LRT Station

Thanggam LRT Station is an LRT station in Sengkang, Singapore. It is part of the Sengkang LRT Line. It opened together with the rest of the west loop on January 2005. At the same time, the Punggol LRT Line's east loop opened. It is near Jalan Kayu.

"Thanggam" is the Tamil word for gold. There is a road called Lorong Thanggam near it.


Cheng Lim LRT Station

Cheng Lim LRT Station is an LRT station in Sengkang, Singapore.


Mombar

Mombar is a sausage dish in that is popular in Egypt . There are similar dishes in some other countries. It is made from small intestine of sheep and it is stuffed with a rice and sauce of tomato.It is fried in butter, ghee or Cooking oil. .


A piece of mombar (about 100 grams) contains about 149 calories. Some people make it in a healthy way for people with special dietary needs, such as people who are have Diabetes mellitus.

A serving of about 300 grams contains:

The mombar in Egypt are lambs or sheep small intestines stuffed with rice. Filling varies and rice remains the main ingredient for filling.


Wayne Cochran

Wayne Cochran (May 10, 1939 – November 21, 2017) was an American soul singer. He was known for his outfits and white pompadour hairstyle. He was sometimes referred to as The White Knight of Soul. Cochran was best known today for writing the song "Last Kiss", which he performed with the C.C. Riders. He was also known for his song "Goin' Back to Miami" which was used in the movie "The Blues Brothers". He was born in Thomaston, Georgia.

Cochran died on November 21, 2017, in Miramar, Florida at the age of 78.


Valentin Huot

Valentin Huot (1 May 1929 – 21 November 2017) was a French racing cyclist. He won the French national road race title in 1957 and 1958. He was born in Creyssensac-et-Pissot, France.

Huot died on 21 November 2017 in Manzac-sur-Vern, France of bronchopneumonia, aged 88.

George Avakian

George Mesrop Avakian (; ; March 15, 1919 – November 22, 2017) was an American record producer, artist manager, writer, educator and executive. He was best known for his work from 1939 to the early-1960s at Decca Records, Columbia Records, Warner Bros. Records, and RCA Records. He was born in Armavir, Russia.

Avakian worked with artists such as Louis Armstrong, Miles Davis, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Dave Brubeck, Eddie Condon, Keith Jarrett, Erroll Garner, Buck Clayton, Sonny Rollins, Paul Desmond, Edith Piaf, Bob Newhart, Johnny Mathis, John Cage, Ravi Shankar, and many other notable jazz musicians and composers.

Avakian died on November 22, 2017, aged 98, at his home in Manhattan, New York.


Jon Hendricks

John Carl Hendricks (September 16, 1921 – November 22, 2017), known professionally as Jon Hendricks, was an American jazz lyricist and singer. He was born in Newark, Ohio. In 1957, he teamed with Dave Lambert and Annie Ross to form the legendary vocal trio Lambert, Hendricks & Ross (LH&R). 

Hendricks died on November 22, 2017 in Manhattan, New York at the age of 96.


Robert Durst

Robert Alan Durst (April 12, 1943 – January 10, 2022) was an American real estate businessman, convicted murderer and possible serial killer. He was the son of New York City mogul Seymour Durst, and the elder brother of Douglas Durst, head of the Durst Organization. His crime allegations and trial were covered in the HBO miniseries "The Jinx".

Durst was suspected of foul play against three individuals in different states: Kathleen McCormack Durst, his first wife, who disappeared in New York in 1982; Susan Berman, his longtime friend, who was murdered in California in 2000; and his neighbor, Morris Black, who was killed in Texas in 2001.

Durst was the subject of a multi-state manhunt and was convicted of dismembering Black, but acquitted of his murder.

On March 14, 2015, Durst was arrested in New Orleans, Louisiana, on a first-degree murder warrant signed by a Los Angeles judge in relation to the Berman killing. On November 4, 2016, Durst was transferred to California and soon after was arraigned in Los Angeles on first-degree murder charges.

On September 17, 2021, the jury convicted Durst of first degree murder in the death of Susan Berman.

On October 16, 2021, Durst tested positive for COVID-19 and was placed on a ventilator. He died on January 10, 2022 from cardiac arrest at a medical center in French Camp, California at the age of 78. His health got worse after getting COVID in October and he also had bladder cancer.


Elizabeth Eckford

Elizabeth Eckford (born October 4, 1941) was a member of the Little Rock Nine. This was a group of African-American students who became the first black students ever to attend classes at Little Rock Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas. They were able to attend the school after a court case, Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka. The court ordered that schools had to integrate black and white students. Elizabeth's attempt to go to school was photographed on the morning of September 4, 1957. She was prevented from entering the school by the Arkansas National Guard. A dramatic snapshot by Johnny Jenkins (UPI) showed the young girl being followed and threatened by an angry white mob; this and other photos of the day's startling events were circulated around the US and the world by the print press.

The most famous photo of the event was taken by Will Counts of the Arkansas Democrat. His photo was the unanimous selection for a 1958 Pulitzer Prize, but since the story had earned the Arkansas Gazette two other Pulitzer Prizes already, the Prize was awarded to another photographer for a pleasant photograph of a two-year-old boy in Washington, D.C. A different photo taken by Counts of Alex Wilson, a black reporter for the Memphis Tri-State Defender being beaten by the angry mob in Little Rock the same day, was chosen as the "News Picture of the Year" for 1957 by the National Press Photographers Association. This image by Counts prompted President Dwight D. Eisenhower to send federal troops to Little Rock.

Luis Garisto

Luis Garisto Pan (3 December 1945 – 21 November 2017) was a Uruguayan football (soccer) coach who had a professional career as both player and head coach. He was born in Montevideo. He played for Uruguay's national football team. He coached Deportivo Toluca and for Atlas.

Garisto died in Montevideo on 21 November 2017 of respiratory failure at the age of 71.


Reg Watson

Reginald James Watson AM (27 August 1926 – 8 October 2019), as Reg Watson was an Australian retired television producer and writer. He was best known for creating soap operas like "Prisoner" and "Neighbours". He retired in 1992.

Watson was honored with Order of Australia in 2010.
He died on 8 October 2019 at the age of 93.

Elle (magazine)

Elle is a worldwide lifestyle magazine of French origin. It looks at fashion, beauty, health and entertainment. "Elle" was created in 1945 by Pierre Lazareff and his wife Hélène Gordon in France. The first international "Elle" was sent out in Japan in 1969. The United States and United Kingdom versions were first sent out in 1985. "Elle" is said to be the world's largest fashion magazine. 

"Elle" was launched in many other countries between 1987 and 1996. In 1987, Elle was first published in Italy and Hong Kong. The following year, it began being published in Germany, China, Brazil, Sweden, Greece and Portugal. Russia was the last country to get the magazine; it came to Russia in 1996. "Elle" is mainly operating from Paris. It also has licensed publishers in New York City, Toronto, London, Madrid, Brussels, Mexico City, Athens and several other international cities.

Resistance welding

Resistance spot welding (RSW) is a process in which metal surfaces are joined by the heat gained from resistance to an electric current. It is in the group of electric resistance welding.

River Annalee

The River Annalee is a river in County Cavan, Ireland. The source of the river is Lough Sillan near Shercock.

Ank Bijleveld

Anna Theodora Bernardina "Ank" Bijleveld-Schouten (born March 17, 1962 in IJsselmuiden) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

She was Defense Minister in the Third Rutte cabinet.

Bijleveld was born in a family, of which the father was in the military. After studying public administration at the Technical College of Twente, she became a municipal councillor of Enschede in 1986. She was chosen into the Second Chamber in 1989. She was successively mayor of the municipality of Hof van Twente from 2001 to 2007, deputy government minister in the Fourth Balkenende cabinet from 2007 to 2010, and King's Commissioner of the Province of Overijssel from 2011 to 2017.

From October 26, 2017 to September 17, 2021, she was Minister of Defense in Rutte 3. She stepped down because the evacuation of Afghans who worked for the Netherlands and tried to flee from the Taliban after they conquered Afghanistan, did not quite go well. Foreign minister Sigrid Kaag resigned before her.

She has been acting mayor of Almere since January 17, 2022, as successor of Franc Weerwind.

Ank Bijleveld is married with two children, and is a member of the Catholic Church.


IJsselmuiden

IJsselmuiden (Low Saxon: "Iesselmuden" or "Iesselmuun") is a village in the municipality of Kampen, the Netherlands. It is the biggest settlement in this municipality after Kampen itself. IJsselmuiden has been part of Kampen since 2001.

It is in the Kop van Overijssel ("Head of Overijssel"), a region in the northwest of the Province of Overijssel. 

As of 2020, about 12,500 people lived in this village.

IJsselmuiden is low-lying and is at the river mouth of the IJssel river. It is on the east bank, opposite to the city of Kampen on the west bank.

The village is an old settlement, dating from the Middle Ages. It was first mentioned in 1133.



Ariège

Ariège may refer to:


Overdinkel

Overdinkel (Low Saxon: "Oaverdeenkel") is a village in the municipality of Losser, the Netherlands.

It lies in Twente, a region in the Province of Overijssel. 

The village borders Germany.

As of 2021, about 4,100 people were living in Overdinkel.

Carole Samaha

Carole Samaha () is a Lebanese singer, actress, and performer. She has released six studio albums. Samaha has a master's degree in acting and directing, which she earned in 1999 from the Saint Joseph University of Beirut.
In 2004 she won the Arab Music Award for best female newcomer. She has also won multiple Murex d'Or awards and was nominated for best Arabia New Act in the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008.
Samaha was born on 25 July 1972 in Beirut to Antoine Samaha from Khenchara, Matn and Nouhad Hawi from Dhour El Choueir, Matn. She has two brothers.
Her parents supported different political factions, according to Samaha that fact made her become "more open" to the different views of people and she learned a lot from that experience. 
On 1 November 2013, Samaha married Walid Mostafa, a divorced Egyptian with a daughter from a previous marriage, in a civil ceremony in Cyprus following an 18-month love affair and short engagement. On 31 August 2015 Carole Samaha gave birth to a baby girl, Tala. She is Catholic. From 2014, Samaha has been residing in Egypt with her husband.


Stela Popescu

Stela Popescu (21 December 1935 – 23 November 2017) was a well-known Romanian actress, humanitarian and television personality. She was born in Orhei. She was known for her roles as Spiona in "Uncle Marin, the Billionaire" (1979).

Popescu died in Bucharest on 23 November 2017 of a stroke at the age of 81. Her friend, actress Cristina Stamate, died four days later.

Pete Stark

Fortney Hillman "Pete" Stark Jr. (November 11, 1931 – January 24, 2020) was an American businessman and politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 2013. He served as a Democrat from California.

After 2010 redistricting, Stark campaigned for the 15th district seat in 2012, narrowly finished first in the primary but lost in the general election to fellow Democrat Eric Swalwell.

Stark had been the longest-serving member of Congress from California, serving continuously from January 3, 1973 through January 3, 2013.

Stark was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was raised in San Francisco, California. He studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at the University of California, Berkeley.

In 1972, Stark moved to Oakland to run in the Democratic primary against 14-term incumbent U.S. Representative George Paul Miller of Alameda in what was then the 8th district. In the 1972 general election, he defeated Republican Lew Warden with 53% of the vote. He was re-elected a total of 18 times until loosing in the 2012 primaries to Eric Swalwell.

On October 18, 2007, Stark made the following comments on the House floor during a debate with Congressman Joe Barton of Texas: 

Following the initial criticism to his statements, when asked by a radio station if he would take back any of his statements, Stark responded "Absolutely not. I may have dishonored the Commander-in-Chief, but I think he’s done pretty well to dishonor himself without any help from me."

Stark revealed he was an atheist in 2007, which made him the first openly atheist member of Congress. In 1989, he married Carolyn Layton nee Wente. They divorced in 1991. He then married Deborah Roderick.

Stark died on January 24, 2020 at his home near Annapolis, Maryland of leukemia, aged 88.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

Joe Barton

Joe Linus Barton (born September 15, 1949) is an American Republican politician. He represented in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1985 to 2019. He is a member of the Tea Party Caucus. 

Barton supported deregulation of the electricity and natural gas industries, and serves as vice-chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committees.

Barton was divorced from his first wife in 1992, remarried in 2002, and divorced from his second wife in 2015. He has four children.

In November 2017, nude selfie pictures of Barton surfaced online, which he acknowledged were authentic, and which he apologized for to his constituents. An anonymous Twitter user posted the photo of Barton. Many people believe that Barton is a victim of "revenge porn" (the act of posting sexual-related media without the person's permission).


William Reynolds Archer Jr.

William Reynolds “Bill” Archer Jr. (born March 22, 1928) is an American lawyer and politician. Archer served two terms, from 1967 to 1971, in the Texas House of Representatives – changing from the Democratic to the Republican party in 1969.

Archer Jr. later represented Texas in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican for 30 years, from 1971 until 2001, serving for his last six years as chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee.


Kevin Brady

Kevin Patrick Brady (born April 11, 1955) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , from 1997 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In April 2021, Brady announced that he would not run for re-election in 2022.


United States House Committee on Ways and Means

The Committee on Ways and Means is the chief tax-writing committee of the United States House of Representatives. 

Members of the Ways and Means Committee are not allowed to serve on any other House Committee unless they apply for a waiver from their party's congressional leadership. 

The U.S. Constitution requires that all bills about taxation must come from in the House of Representatives. Since House rules is that all bills about taxation must go through this committee, the committee is very important, as is its Senate counterpart, the U.S. Senate Committee on Finance.

Recent chairs have included William Reynolds Archer Jr., Bill Thomas, Charles Rangel, Sander Levin, and Dave Camp. On November 4, 2015 Representative Kevin Brady of Texas was chosen to replace Representative Paul Ryan as chairman.


ERTU

The Egyptian Radio and Television Union (ERTU), "Ittihād al-Idhā‘ah wal-Tilīfizyūn al-Miṣrī"), formerly the Arab Radio and Television Union, is the public broadcaster of Egypt, operated by the Egyptian government. It is a member of the European Broadcasting Union.
Egyptian Radio began broadcasting on 31 May 1934 in agreement with the Marconi Company. The General Manager of the station was Said Basha Lotfi from May 1934 to December 1947. In December 1947, the contract with Marconi was suspended in favour of an Egyptian national broadcasting station. The station is known also for its call "This is Cairo" (in Arabic هنا القاهرة pronounced Houna al Qaahira). It is considered the First Program (in Arabic البرنامج الأول) of the ERTU.

Later on three main new radio channels were added, the pan-Arab The Voice of the Arabs (صوت العرب) in 1953, Egyptian Radio's Second Programme (البرنامج الثاني) in 1957 and the pan-Arab Middle East Radio (إذاعة الشرق الأوسط) in 1964. All four stations broadcast on high powered medium wave transmitters covering most of the Middle East and North and East Africa.




There are six state-owned broadcast and satellite channels in Egypt:

Nilesat allowed for the launch of several specialized TV channels in addition to Egyptian Satellite Channel (ESC) and Nile TV. All are owned by the Egyptian state.

Specialized channels include:

Richard Neal

Richard Edmund Neal (born February 14, 1949) is an American politician and the U.S. Representative for . He is a member of the Democratic Party and a former city councilor and mayor of Springfield, Massachusetts.

Following the Democrats winning the House majority, Neal became the next Chair of the House Ways and Means Committee in January 2019.

Since 1977, Richard Neal has won 3 city council elections, 3 mayoral elections, and 17 United States House of Representatives elections.

Neal began his career in elected office after winning election in 1977 to the city council of Springfield, Massachusetts. After twice winning reelection to the city council (in 1979 and 1981), Neal was elected mayor of the city in 1983. He was twice reelected mayor, in 1985 and 1987.

In 1988, Neal was elected as a Democrat to represent Massachusetts 2nd district in the United States House of Representatives. He was subsequently reelected to this district eleven times. In 2012, he was redistricted to Massachusetts 1st district, to which he was elected. He has subsequently been reelected to this district four times, with his latest re-election occurring in 2020.



Temuera Morrison

Temuera Derek Morrison (born 26 December 1960) is a New Zealand actor. He is known for his role as Dr. Hone Ropata on the New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street". He later starred as Jake "The Muss" Heke in the 1994 movie "Once Were Warriors" and its 1999 sequel "What Becomes of the Broken Hearted?." 

Morrison became known internationally after playing bounty hunter Jango Fett in "" (2002) and Commander Cody in "" (2005). He also played Boba Fett in the post-2004 reprints of "The Empire Strikes Back" and in "The Mandalorian". 

Recently, he became known for voicing Chief Tui in Disney's" Moana" (2016) and for playing Aquaman's father Thomas Curry in the DC Extended Universe in "Aquaman" (2018), "The Flash" and "Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom" (both 2023).


Psephology

Psephology (from Greek "psephos" ψῆφος, 'pebble', as the Greeks used pebbles as ballots) is a branch of political science which deals with the study and scientific analysis of elections.

Farmway LRT Station

Farmway LRT Station is a light rail transit station in Sengkang, Singapore. It opened on November 15 2007. It is part of the Sengkang LRT Line.

Its name was from the old roads near the station.


SBS Transit Website

Chinese calligraphy

Chinese calligraphy is calligraphy that is done in China. Chinese calligraphy is compared to painting, poetry, and music.

In China, calligraphy is called "shūfǎ" (). It means "way/method/law of writing". It is called "shodō" () in Japan. It means "way of writing" in Japanese. It is called "seoye" () in Korea. It means "skill of writing" in Korean.

Four of the most important tools in Chinese calligraphy are called the "Four Treasures of the Study". They are the ink brushes, the ink, the paper, and the inkstone. Many calligraphers also usually use water-droppers, paperweights.

Calligraphy usually follows a certain order when writing.

Time in Turkey

Turkey Time (also called GMT+3) is a time zone that has been used in Turkey since September 8, 2016. It is 3 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (). In 2016, the Turkish Government decided to remove daylight saving time changes. After this decision, Northern Cyprus followed Turkey on October 30, 2016 but returned to Eastern European Time on October 29, 2017. In October 2017, the Turkish Government announced to return to daylight saving time on October 28, 2018 but later cancelled this decision.

Compassvale LRT Station

Compassvale LRT Station is a light rail transit station in Sengkang, Singapore. It opened on 18 January 2003. It is on the east loop of Sengkang LRT Line.

Its name came from the street it is located on. It is located at Compassvale Street.
https://www.sbstransit.com.sg

Kupang LRT Station

Kupang LRT Station is a light rail transit station in Sengkang, Singapore. It opened on 27 June 2015. It was the last station of the Sengkang LRT Line to open. It is on the west loop.

Villagers used to fish "kupang". It was their source of livelihood.

SBS Transit Website

Rumbia LRT Station

Rumbia LRT Station is a light rail transit station in Sengkang, Singapore. It is part of the Sengkang LRT Line. It is on its east loop. It opened on 18 January 2003.<br>

The station's name comes from the 2 types of "rumbia" plants.

https://www.sbstransit.com.sg

Bakau LRT Station

Bakau LRT Station is a light rail transit station in Sengkang, Singapore. It is part of the Sengkang LRT Line. It is on the east loop. It opened on 18 January 2003.

A type of wood called "bakau" were used in buildings in the past. It suggests a strong foundation of the station.
https://www.sbstransit.com.sg

Kangkar LRT Station

Kangkar LRT Station is an LRT station in Sengkang, Singapore. It is part of the Sengkang LRT Line. It is on the east loop. It opened on 18 January 2003.

The station is on the place where there was a fishery. Older residents remember the place.

18 November 2003 - The station opens.

https://www.sbstransit.com.sg

Ranggung LRT Station

Ranggung LRT Station is an LRT station in Sengkang, Singapore. It is part of the Sengkang LRT Line. It is on the east loop. It opened on 18 January 2003.

"Ranggungs" are storks that live on the Punggol coast.

18 January 2003 - The station opened.

https://www.sbstransit.com.sg

Bentley, Suffolk

Bentley is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district of Suffolk, England, about southwest of Ipswich. The 2011 Census recorded the parish's population as 776.

Bentley has a parish council and a local news site called Bentley News which is managed by a local resident.

Bentley has a Church of England parish church, a Reformed Baptist church, a Church of England primary school, a pub, a Village Hall and a riding school. A community owned village shop opened in the summer of 2016.

The Eastern Union Railway was built through the parish and opened on 15 July 1846. Bentley railway station was about east of the village, and served the area until British Railways closed it in 1966. The station was a junction between 1847 and 1965 for the Hadleigh branch line. The branch line also had a short-lived station called Bentley Church (1847-1853).


Youm7

Youm7 (meaning "The Seventh Day") is an Egyptian privately owned daily newspaper. It was first published as a weekly paper in October 2008 and has been published daily since May 2011. It is published in Arabic. The paper was twice selected by "Forbes Middle East" as having the most effective news website in the Middle East. "Youm7" reportedly has the most-visited website of any Egyptian newspaper. On 6 October 2013 it launched an English news website called The Cairo Post.

"Youm7" was first published as a weekly paper in October 2008 and has been published daily since 31 May 2011. It's board of directors is headed by Walid Mostafa and its editor Khaled Salah who said shortly after the paper's expansion to daily publication that "Youm7" "supports the popular need for a civil state and will strive to present facts to readers without political bias and with credible representation of diverse views."

On 8 August 2011, managing director Sallie Pisch announced the launch of "Youm7 English Edition", stating that the English-language paper aimed to fill the gap in "quality, understandable news coverage coming out of Egypt in English." "Youm7 English Edition" also managed an Egypt Wiki that "aims to provide background info on Egyptian politicians, public figures and organizations in one location." As of 2 May 2012, the Youm7 English Edition appears to no longer be functioning, as the link to the English Edition homepage redirects to the "Youm7" Arabic site. On 13 December 2012, the English Edition Twitter profile tweeted "Dear followers, we are currently having a problem with our website. We hope to get it figured out and back online soon!" As of 2 May 2012, the Youm7 English Edition Twitter profile's last tweet was published on 21 December 2012.

In Aug, 2014, Youm7 published a page with the headline: "Black Terror Gangs in Cairo" including a picture of black skinned people holding guns and the word "Niggers" on it, it drew criticism from Egyptian activists and international media, calling the newspaper hateful and racist.


De Lutte

De Lutte (Low Saxon: "De Lut") is a village in the municipality of Losser, the Netherlands.

It lies in Twente, a region in the Province of Overijssel. 

The village borders Germany.

As of 2021, about 3,900 people were living in De Lutte.

Beuningen, Overijssel

Beuningen (Low Saxon: "Böaningn") is a village in the municipality of Losser, the Netherlands.

It lies in Twente, a region in the Province of Overijssel. 

The village borders Germany.

As of 2021, about 1,000 people were living in Beuningen.

Glane, Overijssel

Glane (Low Saxon: "De Glaan") is a hamlet in the municipality of Losser, the Netherlands.

It lies in Twente, a region in the Province of Overijssel. 

The hamlet borders Germany.

As of 2021, about 500 people were living in Glane.

Losser

Losser (Low Saxon: "Losker / Loster / Lösser") is a municipality and village in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 23,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region and borders Germany.

Losser is a rural municipality with a mainly Roman Catholic population.

The Tankenberg, which is in Losser, is the highest hill of the province of Overijssel and has an altitude of 85 m.

Settlements (2021):


Logelheim

Logelheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.



Lucelle, Haut-Rhin

Lucelle is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Twente

Twente or (obsolete) "Twenthe" (Low Saxon: "Tweante") is a historical region in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. Its (informal) capital and biggest city is Enschede.

Twente borders Salland region (also Overijssel) in the west and north, Achterhoek region (province of Gelderland) in the south, County of Bentheim (Lower Saxony, Germany) in the northeast, and Münsterland (North Rhine-Westphalia, also Germany) in the southeast.

As of 2021, about 633,000 people were living in (administrative) Twente. They are nicknamed "Tukkers" and speak Tweants, which is a Low Saxon dialect.

Until the 1960s textile industry was flourishing in Twente.

These 14 municipalities belong (administratively) to Twente region:

Almelo, Borne, Enschede, Hengelo, and Oldenzaal are working together in the so-called "Netwerkstad Twente". Its aim is to improve the economy of Twente. About 370,000 people were living in Netwerkstad Twente in 2021.



Carl-Henrik Hermansson

Carl-Henrik "C.-H." Hermansson (14 December 1917 – 26 July 2016) was a Swedish politician. He was born in Bollnäs, Sweden. He was chairman of the Communist Party of Sweden (during his leadership renamed to "the Left Party – Communists") from 1964 to 1975 and member of parliament from 1963 to 1985. He was a major force in redirecting the Left Party Communists policies away from Moscow loyalism towards Eurocommunism and Scandinavian Popular Socialism.

At the time of Joseph Stalin's death in 1953, Hermansson heaped praise on Stalin's greatness in a few speeches, something he was regularly reminded of by journalists and political opponents, even though he repeatedly made public his regret for the things said.

Hermansson died on 26 July 2016 at the age of 98.

God in Hinduism

Hindus believe in one main God, Brahman. Most Hindus believe he is present in every person as the eternal spirit or soul, called the atman. 

For Hindus there is a sacred symbol that represents their belief. Om (or Aum) is the sound to represent their God.

There is a Trimurti in the Hindu belief: Brahma the Creator, Vishnu the preserver and Shiva the destroyer.
Hindus also believe that sometimes God may appear on earth in living form.

Izabella Zielińska

Izabella Jadwiga Zielińska (née Ostaszewska; 10 December 1910 – 20 November 2017) was a Polish pianist and educator. She was with one of the longest artistic biographies in Poland, starting back in 1935. She was born in Klimkówka, Austria-Hungary (present-day Klimkówka, Republic of Poland). In 2016 she celebrated her 106th birthday.

Zielińska died on 20 November 2017 in London at the age of 106.

Kamchatka Time

Kamchatka Time, also known as Anadyr Time (ANAT) is a time zone in eastern Russia that is 12 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+12:00). It contains the Kamchatka Peninsula and the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. Its summer time zone was Kamchatka Summer Time, or Anadyr Summer Time (ANAST) (UTC+13:00).

On 28 March 2010, Kamchatka Time was eliminated, thus joining Magadan Time (UTC+11:00) and Magadan Summer Time (UTC+12:00). On 27 March 2011, Russia switched to daylight saving time permanently, so this time zone was at UTC+12:00 and when Russia switched to permanent standard time on 26 October 2014, this time zone was re-introduced.

Pliny's Comedy and Tragedy villas

Pliny's Comedy and Tragedy villas were two Roman villas owned by Pliny the Younger in the 1st century. They were on the shores of Lake Como in northern Italy. Pliny had several villas on Lake Como. He wrote to his friend Voconius Romanus that the Comedy villa and the Tragedy villa were his two favorites. In Italy, the villas are called Villa Commedia and Villa Tragedia. In Italian, "commedia" means "comedy" and "tragedia" means "tragedy".

In his letter to Voconius Romanus Pliny also wrote that the Tragedy villa was on a hill above the lake but that the Comedy villa was right on the water's edge. Their names come from the theatre of ancient Greece and Rome. Pliny said that the villa on the hill was like the actors in tragedies who wore platform boots. He named that villa "Tragedy". The villa down by the water was like the actors in comedies who wore flat slippers. He named that villa "Comedy". Both villas were destroyed long ago. No one is sure exactly where they stood.

Most people think that the Tragedy villa was in Bellagio, a small town on Lake Como. People are less sure where the Comedy villa was. The historian Paolo Giovio (1483-1552) thought that by the 16th century the Comedy villa was under the water of Lake Como near the village of Lenno. The geographer Abraham Ortelius (1527–1598) also wrote that the Comedy villa was in Lenno. But in 1876 a Roman mosaic floor and many Roman coins were found in Lierna, another small town on Lake Como. Many people there now think that the mosaic floor was part of the Comedy villa. In the early 20th century the French geographer Élisée Reclus wrote that Lierna was the site of one of Pliny's villas, but he did not say which one.

In 1751 John Boyle, 5th Earl of Orrery, published his English translation of Pliny's letters. The letter to Voconius Romanus describing the Comedy and Tragedy villas was illustrated with an imaginary picture of the Comedy villa drawn by . The art historian Pierre de la Ruffinière du Prey, has said that the villa in Wale's drawing looks like Alexander Pope's villa on the River Thames in London. Alexander Pope was a friend of John Boyle. Pliny's own description of the Comedy villa in his letter said that its terrace was gently curved like the shore of the lake. He could fish directly from his bedroom window. He said that lying in his bed at the Comedy villa was like lying in a fishing boat on the lake.

Walid Mostafa

Walid Mostafa (Walid Hassan Mostafa) is one of the Egyptian Businessmen in the field of media, One of his contribution on media field is NRJ EGYPT radio broadcast. The international NRJ in Egypt(One of the first French broadcasts broadcasting in Arabic). Walid Mostafa has also contributed to the publishing of Youm7 Newspaper in 2007, and then Al-Nahar television channel in 2011, He works in the field of visual, audible, and readable media, marketing and advertising. Walid Mostafa is a member of the Egyptian Junior Business Association EJB and the International Advertising Association IAA. He is also a member of the Egyptian Public Relation Association EPRA and the Journalist Association as well as being a member of the Syndicate of Pharmacists.

Walid Mostafa was born on January 15, 1972 in Giza, Egypt. He started schooling in Dar-Altefl Dar-Altarbya Primary and preparatory school until he was in first year in high school when he was chosen to study abroad along with other 20 students in a student exchange program between Egypt and the United States of America. He moved in the last two years of high school to Benjamin High School – Florida – the U.S. Walid Mostafa graduated from the faculty of pharmacy – Cairo University and then was accredited a DPS - Diploma in Professional Studies from the American University in Cairo AUC.

Walid Hassan Mostafa is the only son of Mr. Hassan Mostafa who was a general manager of the Presidency of the Republic National Councils. Walid Mostafa is a father of two daughters, Amina from his first wife, and Tala from his current wife, the Lebanese singer Carole Samaha whom he married in Cyprus in 2013


Aulonemia patriae

Aulonemia patriae is a species of "Aulonemia" genus of bamboo. 
It is part of the grass family and endemic to Latin America.

Aulonemia purpurata

Aulonemia purpurata is a species of the "Aulonemia" genus of bamboo.

It is part of the grass family and endemic to Latin America.

Time in Kazakhstan

The standard time in Kazakhstan is neither UTC+05:00 or UTC+06:00. These times are called Aqtobe Time (AQTT) or Alma-Ata Time (ALMT). Kazakhstan does not observe daylight saving time.

Time in Cyprus

The island of Cyprus has one time zone. Eastern European Time (EET) () is used during winter, while Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) () is used in the other months. In 2016, Northern Cyprus changed to Turkey Time (TRT) (UTC+03:00) after Turkey decided not to change its clocks back, but reverted to EET on October 29, 2017.

Juan Luis Maurás

Juan Luis Maurás (18 June 1922 – 22 November 2017) was a Chilean lawyer and politician who was President of the Senate (1966) and the Chamber of Deputies (1958). He was born in Santiago, Chile.

Maurás died on 22 November 2017 in Antofagasta, Chile, aged 95.

Batman: The Killing Joke

Batman: The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and The Joker. It was written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland. "The Killing Joke" gives an origin story for the supervillain the Joker, loosely based from the 1951 story arc "The Man Behind the Red Hood!". Taking place over two timelines, "The Killing Joke" shows the Joker trying to drive Jim Gordon insane and Batman's desperate attempt to stop him.

The story's effects on the mainstream Batman continuity also included the shooting and paralysis of Barbara Gordon (a.k.a. Batgirl), an event that laid the groundwork for her to develop the identity of Oracle.

"The Killing Joke" is thought to be one of the greatest comics of the 20th century.

An was made in 2016 starring Kevin Conroy as Batman and Mark Hamill as the Joker. 

Batman: The Killing Joke (movie)

Batman: The Killing Joke is a 2016 American animated superhero movie produced by Warner Bros. Animation and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the by Alan Moore and Brian Bolland.

The movie is directed by Sam Liu, written by Brian Azzarello and stars the voices of Kevin Conroy, Mark Hamill, Tara Strong, and Ray Wise with Brian George. Like the novel, the movie follows The Joker's kidnapping and mission to drive police commissioner James Gordon insane, and Batman's desperate attempts to stop him.

Originally meant to be released directly on home video, due to its popularity, the movie was released in theaters and digitally on July 25, 2016 for a special one-night event, before a DVD and Blu-ray release on August 2, 2016. It grossed $4.4 million worldwide.


Jonathan Haze

Jonathan Haze (born April 1, 1929) is an American actor. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is best known for his work in Roger Corman movies, especially the 1960 black comedy cult classic, "The Little Shop of Horrors", in which he played florist's assistant Seymour Krelboyne.

William Kennedy

William Joseph Kennedy (born January 16, 1928) is an American writer and journalist. He was born and raised in Albany, New York. He studied in Siena College. He was inspired by Gore Vidal, William Shakespeare, and by Edgar Allan Poe.

Kennedy's works include "The Ink Truck" (1969), "Legs" (1975), "Billy Phelan's Greatest Game" (1978), "Ironweed" (1983, winner of the 1984 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction; movie, 1987), and "Roscoe" (2002). 

In 2011, he published "Changó's Beads and Two-Tone Shoes", which one reviewer called a book "written with such brio and encompassing humanity that it may well deserve to be called the best of the bunch".

In 1953, Kennedy married Ana Segarra. They have three children. He lives in Averill Park, New York.


Peter Fernandez

Peter Fernandez (January 29, 1927 – July 15, 2010) was an American actor, voice actor, director, author and child model. He was born in New York City. He began with a career in modeling stretching from the 1930s. He was probably best known for his roles in the 1967 anime "Speed Racer" and "Astro Boy" (1952–1968). He also had voice roles in "Courage the Cowardly Dog".

Fernandez died of complications from lung cancer in Pomona, New York on July 15, 2010 at the age of 83.


Courage the Cowardly Dog

Courage the Cowardly Dog is an American animated horror comedy television series created by John R. Dilworth for Cartoon Network as part of the network's Cartoon Cartoons block. The main character is the purple dog who lives with a married elderly couple (Muriel and Eustace Bagge) in the middle of Nowhere. The dog, Courage is voiced by Dilworth while Muriel is voiced by Thea White and Eustace was voiced by Lionel Wilson (until 33rd episode due to illness) and by Arthur Anderson. Paul Schoeffler voices The Computer, Courage's smart and loyal friend which is a computer. While There is debate on whether or not Courage the cowardly dog is pink or purple he is PURPLE!

Now that we know who courage the cowardly dog is what color actually is the odd dog and what is the proof? WELL courage is PURPLE! I'm sorry to inform this news but Courage the cowardly dog is purple and he is not pink. Courage is definitely not pink he can be considered a tone of violet, and violet can be considered purple.

Guest appearances include Billie Lou Watt, Peter Fernandez, Ringo Starr, Tom Kenny, Jim Cummings, and Tim Curry.

It premiered on November 12, 1999 and ended on November 22, 2002, with four seasons of 13 episodes each produced. During its run, the series was nominated for 3 Golden Reel Awards and 1 Annie Award. The series received critical acclaim from critics and audiences and has developed a strong cult status.




Thea White

Thea Ruth White (née Zitzner; June 16, 1940 – July 30, 2021) was an American voice actress. She was best known for her voice over work as Muriel Bagge on "Courage the Cowardly Dog". She was born in Newark, New Jersey. 

White was married to Andy White from 1983 until his death in 2015.

White died on July 30, 2021 in Cleveland, Ohio from an infection caused by liver cancer surgery, aged 81.


John R. Dilworth

John Russell Dilworth (born February 14, 1970), is an American animator, character designer, storyboard artist, actor, director, writer, and producer. He is known for being the creator of the adult animated television sitcom "Mark's World" (2009-present). He also worked on the original opening for Nicktoons and for shows such as Dexter's Laboratory, The Powerpuff Girls, Samurai Jack and My Life as a Teenage Robot, as well as the Kids' WB television series Johnny Test and The X-Presidents segments for NBC television series Saturday Night Live.


Miguel Alfredo González

Miguel Alfredo González Puebla (September 23, 1983 – November 23, 2017) was a Cuban professional baseball pitcher. He played in the Cuban National Series, for the Cuban national baseball team, and for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB) during the 2014 season. He was born in Havana, Cuba.

González was killed in a car accident in Havana, Cuba, on November 23, 2017 at the age of 34.

Neil Gillman

Neil Gillman (September 11, 1933 – November 24, 2017) was a Canadian-American rabbi and philosopher affiliated with Conservative Judaism. He was born in Quebec City, Canada. He was a member of the Conservative movement's rabbinical body, the Rabbinical Assembly, and was a professor of Jewish philosophy at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, in Manhattan.

Gillman died on November 24, 2017 in Manhattan, New York of thrombosis at the age of 84.

Microservices

In classical software architecture, the architecture is often layered. There is one layer for the user interface, another for the application logic, and yet another for accessing persistent data (such as a database). In classical software architecture, an application server is used, which will run the different services (such as different entry points of a web site, or different parts of the business application). The problem with this approach is that such application servers often do not scale very well, they need a lot of resources, and services are often tightly coupled.

Microservices are patterns of Software architecture: The approach is similar to the pattern described above, but the services are very small: very often they only provide one or two very specific functions. To get the same situation as above, these services must interact with each other. Very often they do this using RESTful service calls. Each microservice still has the parts of the user interface layer, the application layer, and the layer to access persistent data. Very often, microservices run in an application container. When the load requires it, special software in the application container can be used to run several instances (or copies) of the specific service.

Microservices is a specialization of an implementation approach for service-oriented architectures (SOA) used to build flexible, independently deployable software systems. The microservices approach is a first realisation of SOA that followed the introduction of DevOps and is becoming more popular for building continuously deployed systems.

Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr

Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr was the President of Iraq from 17 July 1968 to 16 July 1979. He was born in Tikrit, Ottoman Iraq on 1 July 1914.
He was a member of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, and later, the Baghdad-based Ba'ath Party. During his rule Iraq had high economic growth due to high international oil prices. Al Bakr slowing lost power to his cousin Saddam Hussein.

Ahmad Shah Massoud

Ahmad Shah Massoud was an Afghan military commander during Afghan-Soviet war and later on in the civil war afterwards. He was an ethnic Tajik and a Sunni muslim. During the civil war, he defended the capital from the Taliban, Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, and Abdul Rashid Dostum.

After the Taliban came to power in 1996, Massoud returned to armed opposition. Mssoud rejected the Talibans radical interpretation of Islam. He became the leader of the Northern Alliance which allied with NATO during the war against the Taliban. He was assassinated on September 9, 2001, two days before the September 9/11 attacks in the US.

John Thierry

John Fitzgerald Thierry (September 4, 1971 – November 24, 2017) was a former professional American football defensive end player. He was born in Houston, Texas. He studied at Alcorn State University.

From 1994 through 1998, Thierry played for the Chicago Bears. In 1999, he played for the Cleveland Browns. From 2000 to 2001, he played for the Green Bay Packers. In 2002, he played for the Atlanta Falcons. During his career Thierry played in 131 games and started 70 of them recording 33.5 sacks and 158 tackles with 7 fumble recoveries. 

Thierry died on November 24, 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 46.

List of parish councils in Cornwall

This is a list of parish councils in Cornwall, United Kingdom. There are 213 in total. There are different types of parish councils, not all of which have the same name or structure, but all have the same powers. There are:
Together they make up the lowest level of government In Cornwall, directly below Cornwall Council, which is a unitary authority covering all of Cornwall. Prior to a restructuring of local government in 2009, there were 6 district councils as a intermediate layer, below Cornwall County Council.


Gudrun Pausewang

Gudrun Pausewang (3 March 1928 – 23 January 2020) was a German writer for children and teens. 

She was also known in science fiction for Young-Adult novels such as "The Last Children of Schewenborn". She was born in Mladkov, Czech Republic and was a teacher and emptied at German Schools in Chile and Venezuela, but above all at the German School of Barranquilla in Colombia; and traveled to North, Central and South America, including the Amazon Basin, Tierra del Fuego, Peru, Bolivia and Mexico. She died at the age of 91 near Bamberg in Germany. 

In 1988, her novel "Die Wolke (The Cloud)" won the "Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis" ("German Youth Literature Prize"), the "Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis" ("Kurd Lasswitz Prize"), and the "Deutscher Science Fiction Preis" ("German Science Fiction Prize") for Best Novel.

Her sister was writer and sociologist Freya Pausewang.


Anna Kuzmina

Anna Ivanovna Kuzmina (3 March 1933 – 25 November 2017) was a Russian actress and author. She was born in the Khangalassky District, Russia. She was an Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1982) and People's Artist of the Republic of Sakha (2003). Her career began in 1955. Kuzmina was known for her role in "Umnullubat sulustar" ("Unfading Stars").

In movies, she starred in "Motuo", "Taiwan Island" and in "Yalylyylar".

Kuzmina died on 25 November 2017 in Yakutsk, Russia at the age of 84.


Jaime Ortí

Jaime Ortí Ruiz (24 January 1947 – 24 November 2017) was a Spanish football businessman and sports commentator. He was born in Aldaya, Spain. He was one of the Presidents of the football team Valencia C.F.. He was believed to have created the term "Galácticos" to describe the Real Madrid team. He was also a sports commentator for Channel Nou.

Ortí died in Valencia, Spain on 24 November 2017 from lung cancer at the age of 70.


Jackie Shroff

Jai Krishan Kakubhai Shroff (screen name: Jackie Shroff) is an Indian actor. He has been working for four decades (about 40 years) in the Bollywood film industry. He has appeared in about 220 films in various Indian languages, including Hindi, Marathi, Oriya, Tamil, Malayalam, Punjabi, Kannada, Bengali, Konkani and Bhojpuri.
In 1983, Shroff made his acting debut in Dev Anand's movie Swami Dada. In 1983, Subhash Ghai gave him a lead (main) role in the movie "Hero," which was a success and brought Shroff to the public's attention.

After Hero, he did several films, amongst which were "Andar Baahar". "Jaanoo" and "Yudh" were successful. In 1986 he did "Karma" which became the highest-grossing(earning) film of 1986. In 1985, he starred in "Shiva Ka Insaaf", which was both India's first superhero movie and the first 3D movie filmed in the Hindi language.

Shroff's son Tiger Shroff is an actor. Shroff's daughter Krishna Shroff is an assistant director.


Bertha Calloway

Bertha Calloway (July 14, 1925 – November 25, 2017) was an American community activist and historian. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska. Her works and civil rights activities happened in Omaha. Calloway was the founder of the Negro History Society and the Great Plains Black History Museum. Calloway won awards from several organizations for her activism in the community and Nebraska. 

Calloway died of pneumonia in Omaha on November 25, 2017 at the age of 92.

Machiko Kyō

Machiko Kyō (京 マチ子 "Kyō Machiko"; March 25, 1924 – May 12, 2019) was a Japanese actress who was mainly active in the 1950s. She was born in Osaka, Japan. She was known for her roles in Kenji Mizoguchi's "Ugetsu" (1953) and Kon Ichikawa's "Odd Obsession" (1959). She also starred in "The Teahouse of the August Moon" opposite Marlon Brando and Glenn Ford, for which she received a Golden Globe nomination.

Her final role was as "Matsuura Shino" in the NHK television drama series "Haregi Koko Ichiban" in 2000.

Kyō died of heart failure on May 12, 2019 at the age of 95.


Zorlu Holding

Zorlu Holding is one of the biggest holding company in Turkey. It was founded by Hacı Mehmet Zorlu. The curret chairman of this holding company is Ahmet Nazif Zorlu.
Zorlu Holding companies are active in the areas of textiles, white goods and electronics manufacturing, energy, and financial services.

Product piracy

Product piracy or Brand piracy is the fact that goods with aname that is similar to a well-known brand are produced, and sold cheaper than the original brand. In the long run, the owner of the original brand name has a difficult time justifying the higher prices.

Doğuş Group

Doğuş Group is one of the biggest holding company in Turkey which is founded by Ayhan Şahenk in 1951 and including one of Turkey's largest banks, Garanti Bank, retail and food stores, construction companies, and tourism.
the current chairman of this holding company is Ferit Şahenk.

Mathura district

Mathura district is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. This district is situated along the banks of the Yamuna River. The historic town of Mathura is the district's headquarters. This district is comes under the Agra division.

According to the 2011 census of India Mathura district has a population of 2,541,894.This gives it a ranking of 167th in India (out of a total of 640 districts). Mathura is a Jaat dominated region with around 5.30 lakh Jaat.

Mathura district contains many important pilgrimage centres of Hinduism. The headquarters Mathura is one of the seven most holy places for Hindus in India.

Mirzapur district

Mirzapur district is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. The district occupies an area of 4521 km. Mirzapur town is the district headquarters. Mirzapur district is a part of Mirzapur division. 

The district consists of four tehsils. These are Mirzapur (sadar), Lalganj, Marihan and Chunar. These four tehsils are further divided into twelve blocks.

According to the 2011 census Mirzapur district has a population of 2,494,533.

This district is known for the Vindhyavasini temple in Vindhyachal.

Intermediate value theorem

The intermediate value theorem says that if a function, formula_1, is continuous over a closed interval formula_2, and is equal to formula_3 and formula_4 at either end of the interval, for any number, c, between formula_3 and formula_4, we can find an formula_7 so that formula_8. 

This means that if a continuous function's sign changes in an interval, we can find a root of the function in that interval. For example, if formula_9 and formula_10, we can find an formula_7 in the interval formula_12 that is a root of this function, meaning that for this value of x, formula_13, if formula_1 is continuous. This corollary is called Bolzano's theorem.

Miroslav Lajčák

Miroslav Lajčák (born 20 March 1963) is a Slovak diplomat. He is the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly for the 72nd session from September 2017 until his term expired in September 2018.


Wood Moy

Wood Moy (10 June 1918 – 8 November 2017) was a Chinese-born American actor. He was born in Guangzhou, China, but raised in New York City. He was known for his role as Jo in the movie "Chan Is Missing" (1982). He also appeared in "Howard the Duck" (1986), "Class Action" (1991) and as Mr. Lee in "Final Analysis" (1992).

Moy died in New York City on 8 November 2017 of pneumonia at the age of 99.

Gene Kotlarek

Eugene Robert "Gene" Kotlarek (March 31, 1940 – November 9, 2017) was an American former ski jumper. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics with the best result of 14th place in the normal hill in 1964. He was born in Duluth, Minnesota.

Kotlarek died on November 9, 2017 in Colorado Springs, Colorado at the age of 77.

Erika Remberg

Erika Remberg (15 February 1932 – 10 November 2017) was an Austrian movie actress. She appeared in 31 movies between 1950 and 1970. She was born in Medan, Indonesia. She was known for her roles in "Circus of Horrors" (1960), "Saturday Night Out" (1964), "Cave of the Living Dead" (1964) and "The Lickerish Quartet" (1970).

Remberg died on 10 November 2017 in Benidorm, Spain at the age of 85.


Stefan Radt

Stefan Lorenz Radt (4 August 1927 − 22 November 2017) was a German-born Dutch historian of Jewish descent, author and academic who works in ancient Greek geography. He was born in Berlin, but was raised in The Hague. He was known for his books "Tragicorum Graecorum Fragmenta", "Strabons Geographika", and "The Importance Of The Context".

He fled to the Netherlands in 1937.

Radt died in The Hague on 22 November 2017 at the age of 90.


Ángel Berni

Ángel Antonio Berni Gómez (9 January 1931 – 24 November 2017) was a Paraguayan football striker. He played for national team, San Lorenzo, and for Real Betis. He was born in Asunción, Paraguay.

Berni died on 24 November 2017 in Asunción at the age of 86.


Sotir Ferrara

Sotir Ferrara (5 December 1937 – 25 November 2017) was an Italian-Albanian religious leader. He was the Bishop of the Eparchy of Piana degli Albanesi, a diocese of the Italo-Albanian Catholic Church in Sicily, Italy. He was born in Piana degli Albanesi, Italy. On 15 October 1988 he was elected by the Pope John Paul II to the bishopric of Eparchy of Piana degli Albanesi.

Ferrara died in Tirana, Albania on 25 November 2017 at the age of 79.

Milein Cosman

Emilie Cosman, known as Milein Cosman, (31 March 1921 – 21 November 2017) was a German-born British artist. She was born in Gotha, Germany. She was best known for her drawings and prints of leading cultural figures, dancers and musicians in action, such as Francis Bacon, Mikhail Baryshnikov, T. S. Eliot and Igor Stravinsky.

Cosman died in London on 21 November 2017 at the age of 96.


Time in South Korea

Korean Standard Time (KST) is a time zone that is used in South Korea. It is 9 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+09:00) and is the same as Japan Standard Time, Yakutsk Time, and Indonesian Eastern Standard Time. North Korea observed Pyongyang Time (PYT) (UTC+08:30) starting on August 15, 2015, which was 30 minutes behind KST, until May 5, 2018, when it switched back to KST. South Korea does not observe daylight saving time.

Georgia Time

Georgia Time (GET) is a time zone that is used in the country of Georgia. It is 4 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+04:00). Georgia first observed daylight saving time in 1981 as part of the Soviet Union but it was abolished in 2004. Georgia does not observe daylight saving time.

You Make It Feel Like Christmas

You Make It Feel Like Christmas is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. The album is Stefani's first full-length Christmas-themed album, was released on October 6, 2017, by Interscope Records. "You Make It Feel Like Christmas" features twelve tracks, six original songs written by Stefani and six cover versions of Christmas standards. The album was produced by Eric Valentine and executively produced by Stefani and busbee.

"You Make It Feel Like Christmas" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

All songs produced by busbee and Eric Valentine.

Armando Hart

Armando Hart Dávalos (June 13, 1930 – November 26, 2017) was a Cuban politician and a Communist leader. He was born in Havana, Cuba. Before the Cuban Revolution which ousted President Fulgencio Batista, Hart studied to be a lawyer at the University of Havana. While there, he became politically active and would soon join Fidel Castro and Che Guevara in their fight against Batista.

When Castro came into power, Hart served as Minister of Education (1959–1976) and as Minister of Culture (1976–1997).

Hart died in Havana of respiratory failure on November 26, 2017 at the age of 87.

Harry Pregerson

Harry Pregerson (October 13, 1923 – November 25, 2017) was an American judge. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and at the University of California, Berkeley.

Pregerson served as Senior judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He was appointed to the Ninth Circuit in 1979 by President Jimmy Carter and became senior status on December 11, 2015. 

Before to his elevation to the circuit court he was appointed to the United States District Court for the Central District of California in 1967 by President Lyndon Johnson.

Pregerson died in Los Angeles on November 25, 2017 of respiratory failure at the age of 94.


Andrzej Wincenty Górski

Andrzej Wincenty Górski (15 August 1920 – 22 November 2017) was a Polish academic and chemist. He was born in Warsaw. He was Professor of Inorganic Chemistry at the Warsaw University of Technology. He was the author of a large number of research articles on the systematics of chemical objects, as well as academic textbooks: "General Chemistry" and the two-volume textbook "Chemistry".

Górski died in Warsaw on 22 November 2017 of complications from a stroke at the age of 97.

Maurice Chevalier

Maurice Auguste Chevalier (September 12, 1888 – January 1, 1972) was a French actor and cabaret singer. He was born in Paris. He was perhaps best known for his songs, including "Louise", "Mimi", "Valentine", and "Thank Heaven for Little Girls" and for his movies, including "The Love Parade", "The Big Pond", "Love Me Tonight" and "Gigi".

During World War I, Chevalier was a prisoner of war of Germany for two years from 1914 through 1916.

In 1930, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his roles in "The Love Parade" (1929) and "The Big Pond" (1930), which made his first big American hit, "Livin' in the Sunlight, Lovin' in the Moonlight".

In 1958, Chevalier received an Honorary Academy Award for his works in the movie industry.

In 1970, he made his final work to the movie industry where he sang the title song of the Disney movie "The Aristocats".

Chevalier died on January 1, 1972 in Paris of kidney failure at the age of 83.


Roddy Maude-Roxby

Roderick Anderson "Roddy" Maude-Roxby (born 2 April 1930) is an English actor and comedian. He has appeared in numerous many, such as Walt Disney's "The Aristocats", where he appeared as Edgar Balthazar; "Unconditional Love"; and Clint Eastwood's "White Hunter Black Heart", playing Thompson. 

Marni Nixon

Margaret Nixon "Marni" McEathron (February 22, 1930 – July 24, 2016), known professionally as Marni Nixon, was an American singer and actress in movie musicals. She was best known for dubbing the singing voices of the leading actresses in movies, including "The King and I", "West Side Story", and "My Fair Lady".


Jacques Hamel

Jacques Hamel (30 November 1930 – 26 July 2016) was a French Catholic priest. He was born in Darnétal, Seine-Maritime, France. He worked in the parish of Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray.

On 26 July 2016, Hamel was murdered during the 2016 Normandy church attack by two Muslim men pledging allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant while he celebrated Mass in his church. His throat was slit during the attack in Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray, France. He was 85 years old.

Hamel was called a martyr by some international press shortly after his death. Calls to make him a saint started soon after his death. The canonization cause was officially opened at diocesan level in April 2017, after Pope Francis had waived the otherwise mandatory five-year waiting period for the opening of such causes.

Arthur Dion Hanna

Arthur Dion "A.D." Hanna (7 March 1928 – 3 August 2021) was a Bahamian politician. He served as Governor-General of the Bahamas from 2006 to 2011.

In 1984, Hanna resigned as Deputy Prime Minister in protest of Prime Minister Sir Lynden Pindling.

He retired on 14 April 2011 and was replaced by Sir Arthur Foulkes.

Hanna died in Nassau on 3 August 2021, aged 93.

Miloš Radulović

Miloš Radulović (22 February 1929 – 15 October 2017) is a Montenegrin politician. He was born in Spuž. He was an acting president in 1993. 

He served as the Dean of Titograd Faculty of Economics from 1974 until 1978, as the rector of Titograd University from 1986 until 1990. Later, he served as a President of the Chamber of Republics of the Federal Assembly of Yugoslavia (1992–1996) and as an ambassador to the United Kingdom (1996–1999).

Michael J. Williams (politician)

Michael Jay Williams (born 16 October 1929) is a Trinidad and Tobago politician and businessman.

Williams was appointed to the Senate of Trinidad and Tobago by A. N. R. Robinson following the National Alliance for Reconstruction victory in the 1986 General Elections. Williams served as President of the Senate between 1986 and 1990 and President of Trinidad and Tobago from 13 March 1987 to 19 March 1987 following Ellis Clarke.

Maria Schneider (politician)

Maria Schneider (born 9 February 1923) is a former German politician. She was born in Merka (Bautzen), Saxony, Germany. She was a member of the SED.

Schneider was a member of the East German State Council between 1967 and 1971.

Schneider had already served as a "community representative" from 1949 till 1953, and in 1957 she became a local councilor for the . In 1967 she moved into national politics, sitting as a representative of the Trades Union Federation (FDGB) in the National Legislature ("Volkskammer"), where she continued to sit till 1976. 

Between 1971 and 1976 she was also a member of the assembly's Committee for Industry, Construction and Transport.

Krastyu Trichkov

Krastyu Sergeyev Trichkov (; born 12 April 1923) is a retired Bulgarian politician. He is a member of the Bulgarian Communist Party. He served as the first First Deputy Chairmen of the State Council. He was born in Belitsa, Bulgaria.

From 1958 to 1962 a candidate member, and since 1962 member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party,where it remained until 1990. From 1966 to 1981 a candidate member of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party.

Between 1971 and 1976 he was first deputy chairman of the State Council, Deputy Prime Minister, Chairman of the Committee on State and People's Control (1976 to 1981).

Alfonso Lovo Cordero

Alfonso Lovo Cordero (June 11, 1927 – May 10, 2018) was a Nicaraguan politician. He served in Liberal-Conservative Junta from May 1, 1972 until December 1, 1974. He was born in Danli, Honduras.

Lovo Cordero was a member of the Nationalist Liberal Party (NLP). 

On December 23, 1972, Lovo Cordero exercised power after the NLP as Chief Director of the National Guard. On March 1, 1973, President of the National Guard Agüero resigned and Edmundo Paguaga Irías was appointed in his place; they handed power to him on December 1, 1974. Lovo along with doctor Lorenzo Guerrero Gutiérrez became senators of the National Congress.

Lovo Cordero retired from politics and from public life in 2013. He died on May 10, 2018 in the United States at the age of 90.

Alfred Miodowicz

Alfred Miodowicz (June 28, 1929 – September 17, 2021) was a Polish politician and trade union activist. He was born in Poznań, Poland. 

Miodowicz was a member of communist Polish United Workers Party. He held posts in the State National Council, Central Committee and Political Bureau. He was also the leader of the All-Poland Alliance of Trade Unions and took part in the Polish Round Table Agreement.

Miodowicz died on September 17, 2021 at the age of 92.

Ravan A. G. Farhâdi

Professor Abdul Ghafoor Ravan Farhâdi (born 23 August 1929) is an Afghan academic and diplomat. He was born in Kabul, Afghanistan. He served as Afghanistan's Ambassador to the United Nations from 1993 to 2006. He was known for being a major supporter of the United States in Afghanistan and thought the United States was good to help the country of Afghanistan.

He studied at Lycée Esteqlal in Paris. His paper was on ""le Persan parlé en Afghanistan"", later translated to English and Russian. Farhâdi speaks French, English and Persian fluently.

In 1964, he returned to Kabul to work at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1964 till 1968, he served as Director-General for Political Affairs at the ministry and then he was Deputy Foreign Minister for 5 years. Between 1965 and 1971 he also was Secretary of the Council of Ministers of the Afghan Government. He later served as Afghan Ambassador to France.

Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan

Tehreek-e-Labaik is a religious political party of Pakistan. Founded by Khadim Hussain Rizvi, the party is currently being headed by his son, Saad Hussain Rizvi. He is a Muslim scholar. When Nawaz Sharif was de-seated, new elections were held to choose a new member for National Assembly of Pakistan, this party took part in elections and got third position. When Government of Pakistan changed Khatm-e-Nabuwat law in Elections Bill 2017, this party went onto protests which bacame violent with time in November 2017. They demanded resignation of then Pakistan's law minister Zahid Hamid. Zahid Hamid resigned admitting his wrong.

Rosario Green

María del Rosario Green Macías (31 March 1941 – 25 November 2017) was a Mexican economist, diplomat and politician. She was born in Mexico City. Green served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs in the Ernesto Zedillo cabinet from 1998 through 2000. She was also the Secretary General of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) from 2005 to 2006.

In her later years, Green served as Senator for the 2006–2012 period. During the Vicente Fox administration, she served as Ambassador to Argentina.

Green died on 25 November 2017 in Mexico City at the age of 76.


Frederick Forsyth

Frederick McCarthy Forsyth (born 25 August 1938) is a British author and former journalist. He is best known for his thriller novels "The Day of the Jackal", "The Odessa File", "The Fourth Protocol", "The Devil's Alternative", "The Fist of God", "Icon", "The Afghan", "The Cobra" and "The Kill List". He has sold more than 70 million books in total. 

Forsyth was born in Ashford, Kent. He said in 2016 that he worked as an MI6 spy for over twenty years.

The Wind in the Willows

The Wind in the Willows is a children's book by Scottish author Kenneth Grahame. It was published in 1908. It is about four animals (a toad, mole, rat and badger) throughout their adventures in the English countryside.


Beuningen

Beuningen () is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands. It is near the city of Nijmegen. The river Waal is to the north. The other towns in the municipality are: Ewijk, Weurt, and Winssen.

There is a restored windmill in the town, De Haag.

Kenneth Grahame

Kenneth Grahame (8 March 1859 – 6 July 1932) was a Scottish children's writer. He is best known for his book "The Wind in the Willows" (1908). The Mr. Toad story from the movie "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" (1949) is based off "The Wind in the Willows". He also wrote the short story "The Reluctant Dragon" (1898), which was made into a movie in 1941. Until 1908, Grahame was a banker.

Grahame was born in Edinburgh. He married Elspeth Thomson in 1899. Their son, Alastair, was born in 1900 and had health issues during his life. Alastair took his own life in 1920.

Grahame died on 6 July 1932 in Pangbourne, Berkshire, at the age of 73.


Stevens MRT station

Stevens MRT Station (DT10/TE11) is an underground interchange station on the Singapore's Mass Rapid Transit system. 
This station is one of four to have faregates on the same level as the platforms. The others are Bishan, Expo and Changi Airport stations.

Due to space constraints, the two platforms at the station are seperated from each other and have their own faregates. A ten minute grace period was put in place by the Land Transport Authority in case passengers tap in at the wrong faregates.

The Stevens station is located at the junction of Bukit Timah road and Stevens road, where the station takes its name from.

This station opened on 27 December 2015, along with the rest of the Downtown line stage 2. The Thomson East Coast line section opened on 13 November 2021, as part of stage 3 of the line.

Kalu Thapa Kshatri

Maharaja Kalu Thapa Kshatri () or simply, Kalu Thapa was the first King of Takam State. The Thapa dynasty of Takam Kingdom (1246-1545 B.S.) (also called 4000 Parvat State) continued for 300 years only to be defeated by Dimba Bam Malla to form bigger Parbat State. Yashodhara Thapa, King of Jyamrukot (Jamarik), is the male progenitor of the Bhimsen Thapa family and leading Bada Kaji Amar Singh Thapa.
In the Thapa genealogy, he is also accredited to have ruled over Doti from Kāndāmalika. The genealogy claims that he was son of fictitious Kshatriya named Vatsaraja () born from Ashwamedha Yagya (holy fire) and fictitious Vasundhara Devi, daughter of fictitious Kanyakubji Rajput chief Radha Madhav Rajput. The genealogy claims Vatsaraja to be giant sized and thus achieving title of "Abhaya Narsingh Maharaja" and his son Kalu Thapa achieving title of "Abhaya Narsingh Kumar". The genealogy traces the lineage of all Bagale Thapas to a male progenitor ("Mūlapuruṣa") King Kalu Thapa Kshatri, who first ascended to the throne at Kāndāmālikā on Saka Era 1111.

He had four sons who descended the four divisions of his state;

Later, all these states were conquered by Samalvanshi Thakuri King Dimba Bam Malla.

Sir Bani Yas

Sir Bani Yas is a natural island located 170 km southwest of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates. 

It is a popular tourist destination. The island is home to Arabia's largest wildlife reserve. Spread over 87 km square, the reserve was established in 1977 by Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan. It also houses a bird sanctuary.

Libyan Desert

The Libyan Desert forms the northern and eastern part of the Sahara Desert. It describes that part of the Sahara that lies within the present-day state of Libya; it also historically describes the desert to the south of Ancient Libya, a territory which lay to the east of the present-day state. The Libyan Desert is one of the driest, harshest and most remote parts of the Sahara, the world's largest hot desert. This extended desert country is barren, dry and rainless.


Lenno

Lenno is a small village on the shores of Lake Como in northern Italy, with Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, and Bellagio, it is part of the Central Lake Como area. It is located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como. Lenno is on a small bay of Lake Como called the "Golfo di Venere" (Bay of Venus).

Ancient Romans started the village. Julius Ceasar invited 500 Greeks to come live in the village. The Greeks planted olive trees all around Lenno. The historian Paolo Giovio (1483-1552) and the geographer Abraham Ortelius (1527–1598) wrote that Pliny the Younger had a villa in Lenno. It was called the Comedy villa.

Today, the village is popular with tourists. It has mansions, hotels, restaurants, and a small harbor. In 2014, Lenno was joined with three other nearby villages (Mezzegra, Ossuccio and Tremezzo) to make a single municipality called Comune di Tremezzina.

The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.

Lenno was twinned with:

Abraham Ortelius

Abraham Ortelius (also Ortels, Orthellius, Wortels; 14 April 1527 – 28 June 1598) was a Flemish cartographer (mapmaker) and geographer. He is generally recognized as the creator of the first modern atlas, the "Theatrum Orbis Terrarum" (Latin: "Theatre of the Earth's Globe"). One of the founders and the notable representatives of the Netherlandish school of cartography in its golden age (the 16th and 17th centuries), he is also believed to be the first person to imagine that the continents were joined together before drifting to their present positions.

Augustin-Louis Cauchy

Augustin-Louis Cauchy (21 August 1789 – 23 May 1857) was a French mathematician and physicist who made many important contributions to mathematical analysis and mathematical physics, including elasticity. Importantly, he created complex analysis, which studies complex functions and their properties. Cauchy graduated the École Polytechnique and École des Ponts ParisTech. Cauchy did not like mathematicians making assumptions, and he particularly did not like the way that earlier mathematicians, such as Euler and Lagrange, assumed that properties of finite expansions, meaning that we can count the number of terms, also worked for infinite series. Cauchy was able to give examples of where this did not work, and called the assumptions that the earlier mathematicians made, the generality of algebra. More theorems have been named after Cauchy than any other mathematician in history.


Wilbur Smith

Wilbur Addison Smith (9 January 1933 – 13 November 2021) was a South African-British author. He mostly writes historical fiction books set in Southern Africa. His best known books include "When the Lion Feeds", "The Burning Shore", "River God" and "The Seventh Scroll". He had three major book sets, "The Courtney Novels", "The Ballantyne Novels" and the "Ancient Egypt" series. He wrote forty books, beginning in 1964. He had sold over 120 million copies in total.

Smith was born in Broken Hill, Northern Rhodesia (now Kabwe, Zambia). He was educated in South Africa. He was married four times: the first two marriages ended in divorce, his third wife died of brain cancer in 1999, and married his last wife in 2000. He had four children. He lived in London and Cape Town, South Africa.

Smith died on 13 November 2021 at his home in Cape Town at the age of 88.


Georges Charpak

Georges Charpak (August 1, 1924 – September 29, 2010) was a Polish-born French physicist of Jewish descent. He received the 1992 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his invention and development of particle detectors, in particular the multiwire proportional chamber".

Charpak was born in Dabrovica, Poland, now Ukraine. He moved to France when he was seven. During the war he was a member of the French Resistance and was imprisoned in Dachau concentration camp. He graduated École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris.

He died in Paris, France, at the age of 86.

Arthrostylidium merostachyoides

Arthrostylidium merostachyoides is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family. 

Anthrostylidium merostachyoides is endemic to Costa Rica in Central America.

Arthrostylidium multispicatum

Arthrostylidium multispicatum is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family.

"Arthrostylidium multispicatum" is native to Puerto Rico and the Caribbean.

Arthrostylidium pubescens

Arthrostylidium pubescens is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family.

"Arthrostylidium pubescens" is native to Puerto Rico and Venezuela.

Ogdoad (Egyptian)

In Egyptian mythology, the Ogdoad are a group of eight deities (divine beings) worshipped in Hermopolis. The gods of the Ogdoad were mostly seen as humans with the heads of animals, or just depicted as snakes and frogs. They were arranged in four male-female pairs, with the males associated with frogs, and the females with snakes. Their story is part of the Egyptian creation myth.

The Egyptians believed that before the world was formed, there was a watery mass of dark, directionless chaos. In this chaos lived the Ogdoad of Khmunu (Hermopolis). These were four frog gods and four snake goddesses of chaos. Together they represented balance in infinity.

Their names were Nun and Naunet (water), Amun and Amaunet (invisibility), Heh and Hauhet (infinity) and Kek and Kauket (darkness).

The chaos existed without the light, and thus Kek and Kauket came to represent this darkness. They also symbolized obscurity, the kind of obscurity that went with darkness, and night.

The Ogdoad were the original great gods of Iunu (On, Heliopolis) where they were thought to have helped with creation, then died and retired to the land of the dead where they continued to make the Nile River flow and the sun rise every day.

Brandon Sanderson

Brandon Sanderson (born December 19, 1975) is an American fantasy and science fiction writer. He is best known for the Cosmere universe, where most of his fantasy books are set; and for finishing Robert Jordan's fantasy series "The Wheel of Time".

Sanderson was raised in Lincoln, Nebraska. He studied at Brigham Young University, where he received degrees in English literature and creative writing. In 2008, Sanderson started a podcast with author Dan Wells and cartoonist Howard Tayler called "Writing Excuses" with topics about creating and producing genre writing and webcomics.

In 2016, the American media company DMG Entertainment bought the movie rights to Sanderson's entire Cosmere universe.

Brandon Sanderson was born on December 19, 1975, in Lincoln, Nebraska. As a teenager, he loved reading high fantasy novels and tried writing his own stories. After graduating from high school in 1994, he enrolled at Brigham Young University (BYU) as a biochemistry major. He took a two-year leave of absence from 1995 to 1997 to work as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and was assigned to serve in South Korea.

After completing his missionary work, Sanderson returned to BYU and changed his major to English literature. While an undergraduate, Sanderson took a job as a night desk clerk at a local hotel in Provo, Utah, because it allowed him to write while working. After earning a B.A. in English, Sanderson entered BYU's creative writing graduate program and received an M.F.A. degree in 2005. During his graduate work at BYU, Sanderson was on the staff of "Leading Edge", a semi-professional speculative fiction magazine published by the university.
Sanderson wrote regularly throughout his undergraduate and graduate studies, and by 2003 he had written twelve novels, all unpublished. While in the middle of a graduate program at BYU, Tor Books editor Moshe Feder contacted him to say that he wanted to get one of his books. Sanderson had sent the manuscript of his sixth novel, "Elantris", a year and a half earlier. "Elantris" was published by Tor Books on April 21, 2005, to generally positive reviews. This was followed in 2006 by "", the first book in his "Mistborn" fantasy trilogy.

In 2006, Sanderson married Emily Bushman. She was also an English major and teacher. She became his business manager. They have three children and live in American Fork, Utah.

Henry Emeleus

Charles Henry Emeleus (4 September 1930 – 11 November 2017) was a British geologist. He was born in Belfast, England. He specialized in the Tertiary volcanic rocks of Britain and Greenland. Emeleus was a highly capable petrologist. The mineral emeleusite, a colourless sodium silicate, is named after Emeleus. In 2016, he received the Prestwich Medal.

Emeleus died on 11 November 2017 in Durham, England at the age of 87.

Julio Oscar Mechoso

Julio Oscar Mechoso (May 31, 1955 – November 25, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in Miami, Florida. He was known of his roles in "Grindhouse", "Bad Boys", "Ken Park" and "Little Miss Sunshine". His television roles included "Miami Vice", "Coach", "Seinfeld", and "Greetings from Tucson".

Mechoso died of a heart attack in his home on November 25, 2017 in Burbank, California at the age of 62.

Loïc Bouvard

Loïc Bouvard (20 January 1929 – 27 November 2017) was a French politician. He was born in Tours, Indre-et-Loire. Bouvard was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Morbihan department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

Bouvard died on 27 November 2017 at the age of 88.

Bill Harris

Bill Harris (September 1, 1934 – November 27, 2017) was an American Republican politician and businessman. He was born in Fork Mountain, Tennessee. Harris served in the Ohio General Assembly, notably as President of the Ohio Senate from 2005 to 2010. He was a member of the Ohio Senate from 2000 until his retirement in 2010.

Harris died on November 27, 2017 in Ashland, Ohio at the age of 83.


Smashburger

Smashburger is an American fast-casual burger restaurant chain with more than 370 restaurants in 37 states and 9 countries. The company was founded in Denver, Colorado in 2007 by Tom Ryan, Rick Schaden, and private equity firm Consumer Capital Partners.

Surfactant

A surfactant is a chemical that lowers the surface tension of a liquid. Less surface tension lets the liquid soak into things better, and can also let bubbles form easier. A liquid that bubbles and soaks into things is better at cleaning, so surfactants are used in soap.

Every year, 15 million tons of surfactants are made. Half of them are used in soap; the rest are used in many different ways including making toothpaste and concrete.

One popular surfactant is sodium laurel sulfate, also called sodium dodecyl sulfate or SDS. SDS is a cheap, commonly used surfactant that is used in almost every toothpaste and many shampoos, body washes, and shaving creams.

Small amounts of most common surfactants are usually not harmful to people or animals, although if they get into eyes they can be painful. Very large amounts of surfactants can kill animals, but the amount varies depending on the surfactant.

Larger amounts of surfactants can be a problem in the environment, where they let the soil hold more water than usual, but this problem usually goes away in a few days.

Atatürk Olympic Stadium

The Atatürk Olympic Stadium () is a sports stadium in Istanbul, Turkey. It has a seating capacity of 76,092. This makes it the biggest stadium in the country. Building began on the stadium in 1997. It was completed in 2002. It mostly plays host to football matches. It is the home stadium of the Turkey national football team, and formerly to Galatasaray, Beşiktaş and İstanbul Başakşehir.

The Atatürk Olympic Stadium was named after Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. On 25 May 2005, the stadium held the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final between Milan and Liverpool.

The stadium will hold the 2023 UEFA Champions League Final.

Bellagio

Bellagio is a small town on the shores of Lake Como in northern Italy. The southern part of Lake Como is split into two branches by a peninsula with Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio it is part of the Central Lake Como area. The peninsula is shaped like a “Y” shape triangle. The Bellagio promontory is considered the most iconic place throughout Lake Como. Bellagio is on the northern tip of the peninsula. In 2017 about 3,700 people lived in Bellagio. The Ancient Romans called the town "Bilacus".

Bellagio in part of the Lake Centre ), which includes the most important and luxurious area of Lake Como, known for its peculiar position at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, "Y-shaped" with Bellagio in the centre embracing the "Borgo" ancient villages ranging from Lierna to Sala Comacina in the south to Menaggio and Varenna in the north. Prominent towns in this area include Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Perledo, Visgnola, Ossuccio, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Tremezzina, Tremezzo.

Bellagio is in the Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago di Como) is the area between Bellagio, Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, Tramezzina and the Comacina Island and is the most beautiful and prestigious area of the whole Lake Como where the high European nobility has had its own possessions for centuries. In the Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago) prices per square meter can exceed 350,000 euros, like the Costa Smeralda, which is why George Clooney himself defined Lierna as "like Monte Carlo".

Bellagio is twinned with:

Emily Davison

Emily Wilding Davison (11 October 1872 – 8 June 1913) was born in Blackheath in southeast London on. She studied at Royal Holloway College and at Oxford University, although women were not allowed to take degrees at that time.
In 1906, she joined the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), founded by Emmeline Pankhurst. Three years later she gave up her job as a teacher and went to work full-time for the suffragettes. She was frequently arrested for causing a public disturbance and burning post boxes. She spent a number of short periods in jail.
In 1909, she was sentenced to a month's hard labour in Strangeways Prison in Manchester after throwing rocks at the carriage of chancellor David Lloyd George. She attempted to starve herself, and resisted force-feeding. A prison guard, angered by Davison's blockading herself in her cell, forced a hose into the room and nearly filled it with water. She sued the wardens of Strangeways, and was awarded 40 shillings.
By 1911, Davison was becoming increasingly militant. On 4 June 1913, she ran out in front of the king's horse as it was taking part in the Epsom Derby. Her purpose was unclear, but she was trampled on and died on 8 June – at the age of 40 – from her injuries.

Impalement

Impalement was a torturing and execution method which had the victim sit on a spiked pole.

History of cricket

The sport of cricket started in the South-East of England in the 16th century. It became the national sport in the 18th century and started being played in other countries in the 19th and 20th centuries. International matches have been played since 1844 and test matches started in 1877.

Packet switching

In telecommunications, packet switching is a method of grouping data that is transmitted over a digital network into "packets".

Composed of a header and a payload:
A header is used by networking hardware to direct packets to its destination,
A payload is the thing extracted after it has reached its destination (thanks to the header)

The workstation creates a packet, and stamps it with the destination's IP Address and forwards it to a router, the router's job is to find out how to get the packet to the desired destination.
Breaking communication down into packets allows the same information to be shared amongst many users in a network.
A type of small network where packets (small units of data) are routed through a network based on the destination address contained in each packet.

“A data packet is a unit of data made into a single package that travels along a given network path. Data packets are used in Internet Protocol (IP) transmissions for data that navigates the Web, and in other kinds of networks.”

Tunley

Tunley is a small one-road village in Camerton, Somerset, near Bath. It has its own football club - Tunley Athletic - who play in the Somerset League Division 2 East. There are a few establishments in the village, including a recreation centre, an inn and a pet care store. The road that runs through Tunley is the B3115.

Lower Tunley Farm is the main producer of milk for the local community. The milk is sold in the local Tunley stores. The houses in Tunley are a post-war age and are made of the traditional Bath stone. Tunley is a typically quiet village and there is never any trouble caused by the locals. The people of the village are friendly with one another and welcome any visitors to the village.

Tunley Camp is an Iron Age hill fort about north-east from Camerton. The hill fort includes the slight earthwork remains of the hill fort which is now nearly ploughed down. It is a scheduled monument.

Per Zennstrom

Per Zennström is an award winning fashion photographer, and author based in Berlin. Zennström received the Hasselblad Masters Award in March 2002. Zennström is known for his short film "White Noise White Shores" which was part of the official screening at the Miami Fashion Film Festival 2014.

Zennström dropped-out of his photography studies in University of Gothenburg, and spent 2 years assisting Swedish photographer Björn Keller. Later Zennström moved on to became an assistant to influential fashion photographer Steven Meisel in New York. Per Zennström moved to Paris in 1992 and started to work for fashion clients such as Dior, Guy Laroche, Nina Ricci and Galeries Lafayette. Per Zennström has published four books "New Work", "Berlin+Stockholm", "Walking The Dog" and "Venus Murex".

According to Deutsche Welle, "Zennström enjoys experimenting with the latest techniques."



Zennström's father was the author and journalist Per-Olof Zennström. His sister is the author and translator Maria Zennström.

Kyle McCulloch

Kyle McCulloch (born November 11, 1962) is a Canadian television writer, producer and voice actor. He is best known for writing for the cartoon shows "South Park" and "SpongeBob SquarePants". He also created and voiced the title character of the web series "Mr. Wong" (2000–2001).

McCulloch is from Winnipeg, Manitoba. He now lives in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Dubrovytsia

Dubrovytsia (, , , ) is a town in Rivne Oblast, Ukraine. It is administrative center of Dubrovytsia Raion, and is the site of the now ruined Jewish shtetl of Dombrovitza. In 2001, 9,644 people lived there.

Tomb Raider (2013 video game)

Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics. It was published by Square Enix. It is the tenth game in the "Tomb Raider" series. The game is single-player but also has multiplayer support. It was released on 5 March 2013 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, in January 2014 for OS X, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and on 27 April 2016 for Linux. A sequel, "Rise of the Tomb Raider", was released in 2015.

The game tells the origins of the protagonist Lara Croft on her first adventure, searching for Yamatai on a mysterious island. She must learn to survive as she fights bandits, learns the secrets of the island and rescues allies.


Meghan, Duchess of Sussex

Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (; born Rachel Meghan Markle; August 4, 1981), sometimes called Meghan Markle, is an American member of the British Royal Family (through her marriage to Prince Harry) and former actress, model and humanitarian. 

Starting her acting career in 2011, she played Rachel Zane in the legal drama series "Suits". She had the role of Amy Jessup in the Fox science fiction-drama "Fringe". She married Prince Harry in 2016.

Markle was born at West Park Hospital in Canoga Park, Los Angeles, California. She grew up in the View Park-Windsor Hills and Hollywood neighborhoods of Los Angeles County. Her father is of a Dutch and Irish background and her mother is African American. She was married to producer Trevor Engelson from 2011 to 2013.

Markle began dating Prince Harry of Wales in June 2016. They became engaged in November 2017. In preparation for the wedding, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, baptised Markle and confirmed her into the Church of England on March 6, 2018. The couple married at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle on May 19, 2018. After their wedding, they became the and Duke and Duchess of Sussex. 

In October 2018, it was announced that the Duchess was pregnant with the couple's first child. The baby, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, was born on May 6, 2019. 

In January 2020, Meghan and Harry announced that they would no longer take on royal duties and were stepping down from their roles. In November 2020, the Duchess revealed in an opinion piece for "The New York Times" that she suffered a miscarriage in July of that year. 

In March 2021, Meghan and Harry were interviewed by Oprah Winfrey about their struggles of being in the royal family. This interview was controversial because the couple spoke about their mistreatment by certain members of the family (who were not named) and by people working for the monarchy. 

On 4 June 2021, the couple's daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born in Santa Barbara, California. 

Harry and Meghan have also made a television series named "Harry & Meghan" which documented their time in the royal family. 


Cristina Stamate

Cristina Stamate (8 September 1946 – 27 November 2017) was a Romanian actress. She was born in Bucharest. She was best known for her stage performances. She spent most of her career at the Teatrul de Revistă Constantin Tănase in Bucharest. She appeared in two movies, "Grăbește-te încet" (1981) and "Secretul lui Bachus" (1984).

Stamate died on 27 November 2017 in Bucharest after having a stroke. She was 71. On the day of her death, she learned of the death of her friend, actress Stela Popescu.

Golshifteh Farahani

Golshifteh Farahani (, born Rahavard Farahani; 10 July 1983) is an Iranian-French actress, musician and singer. She is best known for her roles in the movies "Body of Lies" (2008), "The Patience Stone" (2012), "" (2014), "Paterson" (2016), "" (2017) and "The Upside" (2019). In 2016, she portrayed the title character in the stage version of "Anna Karenina".

Farahani was born in Tehran. Her father is actor Behzad Farahani and her sister is actress Shaghayegh Farahani. She was married to Amin Mahdavi from 2004 to 2013. She was married to Australian Christos Dorje Walker from 2015 to 2017.

In 2012, Farahani was banned from returning to Iran after posing naked in a French magazine.


Zla Kolata

Zla Kolata is a mountain in Montenegro. The mountain lies on the border between Montenegro and Albania. It is the highest point in Montenegro, 2534 meters high.

Luemschwiller

Luemschwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Luttenbach-près-Munster

Luttenbach-près-Munster is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.



Amboise

Amboise is a commune in central France’s Loire Valley. It is in the Indre-et-Loire department. It covers . In 2014, 13,371 people lived there.

Amboise is known for the Château d'Amboise, a 15th-century castle. King Charles VIII lived there. Leonardo da Vinci's tomb is there. There are royal chambers, gardens and underground passageways.

Near Amboise is Château du Clos Lucé, da Vinci's former home. Da Vinci lived there until his death in 1519. It has a small museum displaying working models of his designs.

The D31, D61, D81, D83, D431, D751 and D952 pass through the commune of Amboise.

Amboise has a train station.

There is an airport around 20 kilometres (12 miles) away in Tours.

Amboise is twinned with Boppard in Germany, Fana in Mali, Suwa in Japan, Vinci in Italy and Baleni in Romania.

Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album

The Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album has been awarded since 1959. The category now also includes audio books, poetry readings and story telling.

Three United States Presidents have won the award: Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, along with spoken recordings of John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt. Four U.S. Senators have won: Barack Obama, Everett Dirksen, Al Franken, and Hillary Clinton.

Bogdan Maglich

Bogdan Castle Maglich (also spelled Maglic or Maglić) (August 5, 1928 in Sombor, Yugoslavia – November 25, 2017 in Newport Beach, California) was a Yugoslav-born American experimental nuclear physicist and the leading supporter of a purported non-radioactive aneutronic fusion energy source. Maglich built 4 models of "Migma".


Hou Bo

Hou Bo (; 17 September 1924 – 26 November 2017) was a Chinese photographer. With her husband Xu Xiaobing, they were among the best known photographers of Mao Zedong. She joined the Communist Party at the age of fourteen and learned photography during the Second Sino-Japanese War.

After 1949, she and Xu Xiaobing lived in the same compound as Mao and took both official photos, some used for posters and publicity, which became the most widely circulated photos of Mao, and some family photos, taken informally behind the scenes.

Among her best known photographs are "The Founding of the PRC" (1949), "Mao Zedong Swimming Across the Yangzi" (1955), "Chairman Mao at Work in an Airplane" (1959), and "Mao Zedong with Students from Latin America" (1959), which won First Prize in the National Photography Exhibition of 1959.

Hou died on 26 November 2017 in Beijing at the age of 93.


Bud Moore

Walter Maynard "Bud" Moore Jr. (May 25, 1925 – November 27, 2017) was a NASCAR driver and car owner. He was born in Spartanburg, South Carolina. Moore worked the Bud Moore Engineering team. He was a decorated veteran of World War II, he described himself as "an old country mechanic who loved to make 'em run fast".

Moore served in World War II as a member of the United States Army. He took part of the Normandy landings. After Normandy, he went on to fight in the Battle of the Bulge and ended his military service as a sergeant. During his military service, Moore was awarded five Purple Hearts and two Bronze Star Medals.

When he returned from the war, he began a career in stock car racing as a crew chief. In the 1960s, he opened Bud Moore Engineering, a team that went on to win three NASCAR Grand National Series championships and 63 races for 37 years until its shutdown in 1999. 

Moore was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2011.

Moore died on November 27, 2017 in Spartanburg at the age of 92.


Richard Cordray

Richard Adams Cordray (born May 3, 1959) is an American lawyer and politician who was the first Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from 2012 to 2017. Before to his appointment, Cordray was Ohio's Attorney General, Solicitor General, and Treasurer.

Cordray left the agency in November 2017, with many people believing that he would declare his candidacy for Governor of Ohio in the 2018 gubernatorial election. He declared his candidacy in 2018 only to lose the general election to Republican Mike DeWine.

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) is an agency of the United States government. It was established by President Barack Obama in 2011.

It is responsible for consumer protection in the financial sector. They work within banks, credit unions, securities firms, payday lenders, mortgage-servicing operations, foreclosure relief services, debt collectors and other financial companies operating in the United States. 

The CFPB's creation was made by the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, whose passage in 2010 was a legislative response to the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the eventual Great Recession. The CFPB was established as an independent agency, but this status is being reviewed by the U.S. Court of Appeals.

The CFPB is headed by a chief who is appointed by the President for a five-year term. The bureau is also assisted by a Consumer Advisory Council, which is composed of at least six members who are recommended by regional Federal Reserve presidents.

The first director of the CFPB was Ohio politician Richard Cordray who served from 2012 through 2017. The current Director is Kathleen Kraninger since December 11, 2018.

The Supreme Court of the United State (SCOTUS), in a 5-to-4 decision, ruled June 29, 2020, that the structure of the CFPB violates the separation-of-powers clause of the constitution since the bill directed that the CFPB director could be removed by the president only for "cause," defined as "inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office.


Patrícia Gabancho

Patrícia Gabancho Ghielmetti (29 September 1952 – 28 November 2017) was an Argentine-born Spanish journalist and author. She was born in Buenos Aires. Her work and personal life were based in Barcelona, Spain. She wrote books on the history of Catalonia, the city life in Barcelona and on Tango.

Gabancho died on 28 November 2017 in Barcelona of lung cancer at the age of 65.


Unit load device

A unit load device, or ULD, (ULD) is a pallet or a container. It is used to load luggage, freight, and mail on wide-body aircraft and specific narrow-body aircraft. It allows a large quantity of cargo to be bundled into a single unit. As with other cargo transport, this leads to fewer units to load, it saves ground crews time and effort and helps prevent delayed flights. Each ULD has its own packing list (or "manifest") so that its contents can be tracked.

There are two kinds of unit load devices: pallets and boxes. The boxes are similar to shipping containers: they are mostly made with metal (usually aluminum) and have standard attachment points that let them be moved easily. The pallets are usually metal with sides that attach to a cargo net. Below is a table of sizes of ULDs. The volume listed is the internal volume, the size of the inside of the container.

Landmass

A landmass is a collection of land, usually separated by an ocean, isthmus, or a canal. Some examples of landmasses are: North America and South America, separated by a canal.

Dhyan Chand

Dhyan Chand (29 August 1905 – 3 December 1979) was an Indian field hockey player. He is known as the greatest field hockey player of all time. His skill is compared to footballer Pelé.

His birthday, 29th August, is celebrated as National Sports Day in India every year. He received the Padma Bhushan from the Government of India in 1956.

Chand earned three Olympic gold medals in field hockey. These were at the 1928, 1932, and 1936 games.

Dhyan Chand was born on 29 August 1905 in Allahabad. His father was in the British Indian Army, and he played hockey in the army. The family moved often because of army transfers. The family finally settled in Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh, India.

Chand joined the Indian Army at the age of 16. The Hindi word "Chand" literally means "the moon". Dhyan was given the nickname Chand because he would wait until the moon was out so that he could practice hockey.

Chand's first international competition was with the Indian Army in New Zealand. The army later gave Chand permission to compete for a place on the Indian Olympic team for field hockey.

During the 1928 Olympics, Chand was the top scorer of the tournament, scoring 14 goals in five matches. A newspaper report about India's triumph said, “This is not a game of hockey, but magic. Dhyan Chand is in fact the magician of hockey.”

Chand was selected for the 1932 Olympic team without a tryout. The team once again won the gold medal. In the final on 11 August, India played against hosts USA. India won 24-1, a world record at the time.

Chand was again selected without tryout for the 1936 Olympic team. India defeated Germany 8-1 in the final for the gold medal. Chand scored three goals.

The Dhyan Chand Award is given in India for lifetime achievement in sports. The National Stadium, Delhi was renamed Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium in 2002 in his honour.

Chand's younger brother, Roop Singh, played on the Indian Field Hockey team in the 1932 and 1936 Olympics. His son, Ashok Kumar (field hockey), won an Olympic bronze medal in 1972 for field hockey.

Chand's autobiography, "Goal!", was published by Sport & Pastime, Madras in 1952.


Irrawaddy River

The Irrawaddy River or Ayeyarwady River is a river that flows from north to south through Myanmar. It is the country's largest river and most important commercial waterway. It begins where the N'mai and Mali rivers join together. The river ends at the Andaman Sea. The drainage basin is about and covers a large part of Myanmar.no

The delta of the Irrawaddy begins about north of the city of Hinthada. The westernmost distributary of the delta is the Pathein (Bassein) River and the easternmost is the Yangon River. The land in the delta is low but it is not flat. The soil is made of fine silt.

A large number of people live in the delta region. Because the soil can be as low as 3 metres above sea level, it is an important area for growing rice.

On 2 May 2008, Cyclone Nargis was a major disaster for the delta. The cyclone reportedly killed at least 77,000 people with over 55,900 missing, and left about 2.5 million homeless.

Annual rainfall in the delta region is about 2,500 mm (100 in). Most of the rain falls during the monsoons which happen between May and November.

There is not a complete list of all the types of fish found along the Irrawaddy River. In 2008, it was estimated that the region is home to 119–195 species of fish found nowhere else in the world.

One of the best-known species in the river is the Irrawaddy dolphin. The dolphin is listed as a vulnerable species, meaning it is at risk to become endangered. In 2016 officials report only 62 dolphins are left in Myanmar.

There are several different ecoregions along the river.

The Irrawaddy River begins where the streams of the Nmai and Mali join. Both of these rivers begin in high and remote mountains near the border with Tibet. In this area rain falls at all seasons of the year, but mostly in the summer. The valleys and lower hill ranges are covered with an evergreen rainforest. At elevations above there are forests of oak and pine. Above , are forests of rhododendrons. Above there are evergreen conifer forests.

The central basin receives little rain. The humidity is always high, which is important for plant life. The area is mostly covered in plains. The forests are mostly filled with teak. The natural habitats in this area have been changed for farming. The wildlife includes many birds, small mammals and reptiles such as the huge Burmese python.

The delta area has mangroves and freshwater swamp forests. It is an extremely fertile area. The lands of the upper and central parts of the delta are almost all used for farming, especially rice. The southern part becomes the Myanmar Coast mangroves. This area has marshes with oxbow lakes, islands, and streams.

Many types of bird are found in the delta. These include the great cormorant, Anatidae, and red junglefowl.

Large mammals include the Malayan sambar deer, Indian hog deer, and wild boar. Other large mammals have only a small number of animals in the delta region. Some species reported to be present include the leopard, Bengal tiger, crab-eating macaque, wild dog, and otters.

The saltwater crocodile can be found in the southern part of the delta. There are five species of sea turtle that are known to nest in Myanmar.

The Irrawaddy River has five major tributaries. Tributaries are rivers that flow into a larger river. The rivers joining the Irrawaddy are, from north to south:


The river flows through or past the following cities:


Google Pixel

Google Pixel is a brand of hardware products by Google, including smartphones and laptops.

Google announced the first generation of Pixel smartphones during the October of 2016. They called these smartphones the Pixel and the Pixel XL. Google's main selling feature to promote these phones is their back cameras. Google Pixel phones have unlimited cloud storage for photos through Google Photos

Google announced the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL on the 4th of October, 2017.

The Pixel C was announced by Google at an event on the 29th of September, 2015. The Pixel C has a USB "type-C" port and a 3.5 mm headphone jack. The device included Android 6.0.1 at launch, and later was updated to Android 7.0.

Google announced the first Chromebook Pixel on the 21st of February, 2013.

On the 11th of March, 2015, Google announced the second generation Chromebook Pixel. Google stopped selling it on the 29th of August, 2016.

On the 4th of October, 2017, Google launched the Google Pixelbook at its Made by Google 2017 event.

On the 4th of October, 2017, Google demonstrated a pair of wireless earbuds called the Pixel Buds. They work with phones using Android 6.0 or newer, and they work with Google Assistant. A unique feature of them compared to other wireless earbuds is that they can translate in real-time with in 40 languages through Google Translate.

On the 4th of October, 2017, Google announced the Pixelbook Pen, a stylus usable with the new Pixelbook. It has pressure sensitivity as well as support for Google Assistant.


Domhnall Gleeson

Domhnall Gleeson (born 12 May 1983) is an Irish actor and writer. He is best known for his role as General Hux in "" (2015) and "" (2017). He has also appeared in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" (2010) and "Part 2" (2011), "About Time" (2013), "Unbroken" (2014), "Ex Machina" (2015), "Brooklyn" (2015), "The Revenant" (2015) and "Peter Rabbit" (2018). He was nominated for a Tony Award in 2006 for his role in "The Lieutenant of Inishmore".

Gleeson was born in Dublin. His father, Brendan, and his brother, Brian, are also actors. He is a fan of English football club Aston Villa.

Will Poulter

William Jack "Will" Poulter (born 28 January 1993) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in the movies "Son of Rambow" (2007), "" (2010), "We're the Millers" (2013), "The Maze Runner" (2014), "The Revenant" (2015) and "Detroit" (2017). He won the 2014 BAFTA Rising Star Award.

Poulter was born in Hammersmith, London, England.

Slobodan Praljak

Slobodan Praljak (2 January 1945 – 29 November 2017) was a Bosnian Croat engineer, movie and theatre director and army general. He was a general in the Croatian Army and the Croatian Defence Council, an army of the Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia. In 2013, he was one of six Bosnian Croat politicians sentenced at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for war crimes during the Croat–Bosniak War. He was jailed for twenty years. He directed many television shows and one movie, "Povratak Katarine Kozul" (1989).

Praljak was born in Čapljina. He was married to Kaćuša Babić and had two stepchildren.

On 29 November 2017, Praljak drank cyanide at the ICTY in The Hague, Netherlands. He later died at a hospital of heart failure at the age of 72.

The Shadows No. 2

The Shadows No. 2 is an extended play 45 rpm record released in 1961 by The Shadows. It was released on Columbia Records/EMI Records as SEG 8148 in mono and reached #12 in the UK EP charts in January, 1962.

All the songs on the record had previously been released on the album "The Shadows", and more songs from the album were to be released on the EP "The Shadows No. 3". There appears never to have been a "The Shadows No. 1."

The liner notes were written by Cliff Richard.



Robert Bosch GmbH

Robert Bosch GmbH or simply Bosch is a German multinational engineering and electronics company. Its headquarters is in Gerlingen, near Stuttgart, Germany.

Bosch's core products are automotive components including brakes, controls, electrical drives, electronics, fuel systems, generators, starter motors and steering systems; industrial products, such as including drives and controls, packaging technology and consumer goods; and building products, including household appliances, power tools, security systems and thermotechnology.

Bosch has more than 350 subsidiaries across over 60 countries and its products are sold in around 150 countries.

The company was founded by Robert Bosch in Stuttgart in 1886.


Robert Batailly

Robert Batailly (2 March 1934 – 27 November 2017) was a French politician.

He was born in Bourg-de-Thizy, Batailly later moved to Lyon. Batailly was a member of the Radical Party, he sat on the European Parliament in 1989. Batailly was named a commander of the Legion of Honor in 2010.

Batailly died on 27 November 2017 at the age of 83.

Medel (Lucmagn)

Medel is a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Rhäzüns

Rhäzuns is a municipality in Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It is known for its mineral water brand "Rhäzünser" and the beer "Rhäzünser Pils".

Tamins

Tamins () is a municipality of the district of Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Trin

Trin is a municipality of the district Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. Crestasee is in Trin.


Lukman Haruna

Lukman Abdulkarim Haruna (born 4 December 1990) is a Nigerian football player. He played for FC Dynamo Kyiv. He played as a midfielder.


Lutter, Haut-Rhin

Lutter is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Günther Jauch

Günther Johannes Jauch (born 13 July 1956) is a German television presenter. He was born in Münster, Germany. He is a member of the Hamburg Jauch family, but currently lives in Potsdam, Brandenburg with his wife Thea (Dorothea) Jauch and his four children.

Jauch has produced and hosted the prime time TV programme "Stern TV", a television news magazine programme, on the private German RTL national TV network since 1990.

Jauch together with Thomas Gottschalk is also part of the German TV show "Die 2 - Gottschalk und Jauch gegen alle".

In 2015, shortly after Stefan Raab had announced the end of his TV career, Jauch declared publicly that he intends to gradually reduce his appearance on TV too; stating that he will eventually give up his political talk show "Günther Jauch" on ARD and to focus on his other TV shows such as "Wer wird Millionär?" on RTL.

Sargans

Sargans is a municipality in Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. As of December 2016, 6,063 people lived there.

Sargans is known for its castle, which dates from before the founding of the Swiss Confederation in 1291.


Voov

Voov is a South African live-streaming, video and web site company founded on 12 April 2017. Voov has a television production which airs in Southern, Northern, Eastern and Western Africa. It is a new brand which has on 13.3 million views and 12 million users. Voov is also one of the richest computer and social media company with many views in the same year it was created. , but the key people of Voov International wouldn't agree with him.

Voov had its own television channel on DStv's 196. It is a live-broadcasting air production and was founded a month ago, its top air production and many foundation have supported Voov, and Voov TV and it is the first South African social media company and its used in international countries. Voov has also a radio television on Metro FM which hits on "The Fresh Voov Breakfast" hosted by Khanyi Mbau and Pearl Thusi. Voov has gain 30 000 minimum live streams this past few weeks. It has multimedia free devices such as social media's, company Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Voov Public Company had created its own television channel on DStv's 196. It doesn't only have a television broadcast but also a live radio show on Metro FM, the companies development has grown and expanded as most known social media video in the African industry. The company has set to be international, sponsored by Vodafone. The company has lot of retails in Asia, and most streams in Thailand and China. It also has a radio in Phillipa on Radio 10Thousand at "Voov Asia". In December 2 it was broadcast live in South America.

The main feature of Voov Central is an app which was developed by Facebook. It is a free app to use daily only for users of a Vodafone. It has more than 1.3 million users. This has made Voov the top social media app for South Africa, followed by We+. There has been a complain made by Cell C, that Voov Central cannot only be free by Vodafone or Vodacom but to all cellphones are different simcards in South Africa.

In November 2017 Voov had wanted to celebrate its First Year anniversary, in Pretoria. The celebration party was hosted by Somizi Mhlongo and was set to be the first host of the Celebration Party this year. The next day Voov announced to have a free supporting app to the Vodacom users, well it wasn't good. On December 1, Juan Van Raat of Cell C told "Times LIVE" that it would be unfair if only the Vodafone users were the only ones to have the free app they must buy data, founder has not yet responded to the matter on Cell C. Indeed the Vodafone free will always be free because Vodacom is an ambassador to Voov.

Voov is Africa's biggest network and website company in 2017, it is Anderson Mann (Chairman), first biggest and used by 13 million views. It has more users than it's common ambassador Vodafone and Cartoon Network. Over a million views worldwide are using Voov. It has partnership with Mzansi Magic, BBC and stores nationwide. Over 16 businesses are part of the company led by Lungisa Mandela (CEO). On December 5, Voov South Africa earned a mark of 1million South African users with the total of a billion rand.

The app was secondly released in Hong Kong. It had mostly in South Africa as two million users, and thirteen million video's streamed. Jang Wo a Asian comedian had received the most of Hundred Thousand streams, Voov create Anderson Mann had congratulated him on Twitter. Asia now has as minimum as Africa in the highest points and users.

The app, was announced to be launched in Wembly, in London. It was announced early last month in 29 November and attracted many views who wanted such an app. The first person in Europe to have an account was South African-born singer Troye Sivan and British singer Linda Ora. Voov Europe also a live broadcast before BBC Channel and a radio in Radio 66.7, "Live with Kerry Lian".

Voov firstly announced in October 2016 that the app will be launched in Johannesburg. It was than launched in South Africa. After being launched in South Africa it was than launched worldwide, In July 2017 co-director in Nigerian relations told founder that it should also be launched in Lagos, it was told in Lagos FM in partnership with Google Africa and other supported apps.

In August, Voov was announced in Mexico, than to Canada. Voov was then announced by Art Director of Voov, Mr. Johnny Knowels and executive management of Voov in the United States Mary Green, on Good Morning America. After being announced it attracted more that three million views and five hundred thousand users.

The art was directed in a blank paper in December 2015. It was a developed first in Asia, and earned $12 million supported by Zeeru Bank in China. The money helped it also to make it in Africa and is notable. After being directed by Anderson Mann, deputy CEO and management security Luis Mann took the business and directed it into new art, and helped by the Voov Foundation in Cape Town, South Africa. It partner new developed and also had a Voov Nigeria in Lagos.



Luis Gutiérrez

Luis Vicente Gutiérrez (born December 10, 1953) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , from 1993 to 2019. From 1986 until his election to Congress, he served as a member of the Chicago City Council representing the 26th ward. 

Gutiérrez is a member of the Democratic Party and was part of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. In the 113th Congress, with his 20 years of service, Gutiérrez became, along with Bobby Rush, the longest serving member of the Illinois House delegation.

In November 2017, Gutierrez announced that he would retire from Congress at the end of his current term, and not seek re-election in 2018.

Belmiro de Azevedo

Belmiro Mendes de Azevedo (17 February 1938 – 29 November 2017) was a Portuguese entrepreneur. He was born in Tuias, Marco de Canaveses.

Azevedo was ranked by Forbes as the 605th richest person in the world (2008), as well as the 2nd richest in Portugal, with an estimated wealth of US$ 2 billion. He owned a controlling stake in Sonae SGPS. His was one of the largest business groups in Portugal, which also operates in Spain, Greece, Germany, Italy, Turkey and Brazil.

Azevedo died in the CUF Hospital in Porto on 29 November 2017 at the age of 79.

Life Is Strange

Life Is Strange is a single-player graphic adventure video game. It was developed by Dontnod Entertainment. It was published by Square Enix. The game was released in five episodes during 2015 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. A prequel, "", was released in 2017. The first episode of the sequel, "Life Is Strange 2", released in September 2018, with the other four parts to release over 2019.

The game features the protagonist, 18-year-old Max Caulfield, who finds out she can rewind time after saving her childhood friend, Chloe Price, from being killed. She must also try and stop an incoming storm that will hit her town Arcadia Bay, Oregon in the United States.



Raj Kapoor

Ranbir Raj Kapoor (14 December 1924 – 2 June 1988) was an Indian movie actor, producer and director.

Kapoor is thought of as one of the greatest and most influential actors and moviemakers in the history of Indian cinema. Kapoor won many awards. These include 3 National Film Awards and 11 Filmfare Awards in India. He was nominated twice for the Palme d'Or grand prize at the Cannes Film Festival. His performance in "Awaara" was named one of the top ten greatest performances of all time by "Time" magazine. His movies were popular worldwide, particularly in Asia and Europe. He was called "the Clark Gable of the Indian film industry".

The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 1971.

Kapoor was born in 1924 to Prithviraj Kapoor and Ramsarni Devi Kapoor. The Kapoor family is well known for their acting and directing in India. Kapoor's father, brothers, children and grandchildren have had success as actors or producers.

Kapoor acted in his first movie when he was only 10 years old.

Kapoor was the lead actor for the first time in "Neel Kamal" (1947). His co-star was Madhubala. In 1947, he started his own movie company, R. K. Films. At 24 years old, he directed his first movie "Aag". His co-star was Nargis. He and Nargis worked together in 16 movies, 6 of these were produced by Kapoor. His first major success as an actor was in the movie "Andaz" directed by Mehboob Khan. "Andaz" was the second-highest earning movie in 1949. The highest earning movie that year was "Barsaat", also starring Kapoor.

He went on to produce and star in several hit movies made by his company including "Awaara" (1951), "Shree 420" (1955), and "Jagte Raho" (1956). His movie "Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai", directed by Radhu Karmakar, won Filmfare Award for Best Film. Kapoor also won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for the movie. The romantic musical movie "Sangam" was his first movie in colour.

In 1970, he produced, directed and starred in his movie "Mera Naam Joker". The movie took more than six years to complete but it did not earn very much money. Later in 1973, his movie "Bobby" became the highest earning movie of the year and the second highest earning movie of the 1970s at the Indian box office. The movie was the first lead role for Kapoor's son, Rishi Kapoor.

Later movies produced and directed by Kapoor focused on the female lead character. The movie "Prem Rog" (1982) with Padmini Kolhapure won the Filmfare Award for Best Director.

Hilary B. Price

Hilary B. Price (born 1969) is an American cartoonist. She is known for creating a comic strip called "Rhymes with Orange" which is published digitally on her website and in over one hundred newspapers across the country. At the age of 25 she became the youngest cartoonist to ever be nationally syndicated. She won the Silver Reuben for "Best Newspaper Panel Cartoon" from the National Cartoonists Society four times, in 2007 and 2009, 2012 and 2014.

Price grew up in Weston, Massachusetts. She studied English at Stanford University. She originally had no intentions of becoming a cartoonist, but after a few years she began submitting strips to The New Yorker but they were never picked up. She was then hired as a freelance copywriter for an ad agency in San Francisco. Whilst there she submitted her comics to the San Francisco Chronicle and they were published in the opinion and book review section. Her success at the Chronicle inspired her to begin submitting her work for syndication. In 1995, Price received a call from King Features Syndicate to request more samples of her work and by June of that year she was syndicated. Price was just 25 years old at the time which makes her the youngest cartoonist to achieve national syndication.
Price publishes her panels almost daily to her website named after her strip ("Rhymes with Orange"). The title is derived from the belief that no English word rhymes with orange.

Price's panels often feature animals such as cats and dogs in lieu of humans and doesn't feature any reoccurring characters.

Her strips's format is also unique in design. A typical Price comic features one long panel where the illustration and dialogue are found, and to the left is a smaller panel with the title of the strip and often a secondary punchline and smaller illustration. This setup has the reader going from right to left rather than the typical left to right found in most western comics.

In addition to her website her work has also appeared in "Parade Magazine", "The Funny Times", "People" and "Glamour".

Price has released several compilations of her work in books, one of those being "Hanukkomics" in which she gathered all of her comics about Jewish culture and holidays.

Her inspirations for comics include "Dr. Seuss for the rhymes, Shel Silverstein for the clever word play and black-and-white illustrations, and "The New Yorker" cartoonists Roz Chast, Sam Gross and George Booth." But her main influence comes from greeting card artist Sandra Boynton. In the eighth grade, Price learned that Boynton, who she had assumed was a male, was in fact a female. This opened up the idea to Price that women could do "funny drawings" too.

Price is an openly gay, Jewish woman who lives in Florence, Massachusetts with her partner, dog, and cat. In her free time Price enjoys playing women's ice hockey.


Umberto Pettinicchio

Umberto Pettinicchio (born 1943) is an Italian painter and sculptor. He was born in Torremaggiore, a town in Apulia. Later, he moved to Milan. In Milan he studied art at the Accademia di Brera. He had his first exhibition in 1969. His early paintings were in the expressionist style. His later paintings were more abstract. His 1981 painting "The Death of the Bull" is held in the Museo de Arte Moderno y Contemporáneo de Santander y Cantabria.

Umberto Pettinicchio was trained at the Brera Academy and in 1969 he began to exhibit in his first solo exhibitions, including at the Nuova Sfera, Milan, 1973 (curated by Carlo Munari), in 1977 at the Rome Triptych, in 1974 at Il Castello di Milano, in 1975 (edited by Raffaele De Grada). In 1976 Pettinicchio opened his Milan studio in via Bolzano, where he produced some of his important works with which he achieved international fame.

In the 1980s, he was always present at the most important exhibitions (at the Salotto di Como in 1980, at Il Castello di Milano in 1981, at Il Mercante di Milano in 1982), and was also enriched by important Spanish exhibitions (Sargadelos, Barcelona, ​​1982 , Piquio, Santander, 1982, at the VIII Madrid Biennial, 1983).

The artist Umberto Pettinicchio has often dealt with the human figure in his pictorial research, initially in an expressionist style. Subsequently, his pictorial style becomes more and more abstract until finally reaching the Informal. Only a vaguely perceptible appearance remains of the figure, while, from a formal point of view, everything is distorted in the artist's pictorial gestures. Pettinicchio's gesture breaks the dimensional planes and transforms the human figure into a shapeless matter marked by large black lines. The one carried out by Pettinicchio seems a kind of brutalist operation in the vein of a Jean Dubuffet, but while the French gave much more importance to the subject, our artist solves everything through pictorial writing.


Incus

The incus or anvil is a bone in the middle ear. The anvil-shaped small bone is one of three bones in the middle ear.

Siege of Leningrad

The siege of Leningrad was a siege in Leningrad during World War II. The siege started on 8 September 1941, when the last road to the city was severed. 
Although the Soviet Union forces managed to open a narrow path to the city on 18 January 1943, the siege was only stopped on 27 January 1944, 872 days after it began. It is thought of as one of the most destructive sieges ever to happen. It was possibly the heaviest in terms of casualties, killing over 1 million innocent people.
Also, because of the siege, no food was allowed to enter Leningrad, leaving the residents to eat things such as:

Because of the German operations, no people or supply trucks were allowed to enter or leave the city, leaving the occupants without food often for weeks or months.


Kirsty MacColl

Kirsty Anna MacColl (10 October 1959 – 18 December 2000) was a British singer and songwriter. She performed the songs "They Don't Know" (1979) and "There's a Guy Works Down the Chip Shop Swears He's Elvis" (1981). She also made cover versions of "A New England" by Billy Bragg and "Days" by The Kinks. She is well-known for singing on the Christmas song "Fairytale of New York" by The Pogues. She performed on many songs produced by her husband Steve Lillywhite.

MacColl was born in Croydon, Surrey, England. She was the daughter of folk singer Ewan MacColl (1915–1989) and dancer Jean Newlove (1923–2017). She was married to Lillywhite from 1984 to 1994. The couple had two sons, Jamie and Louis.

MacColl died in an accident on 18 December 2000 in Cozumel, Quintana Roo, Mexico. She was 41. She had been diving in a reef with her sons when a motorboat entered the restriced area. She was able to pull her son Jamie to safety but was hit by the propeller in doing so. She died at the moment of impact.

Eluru

Eluru is the largest city in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is on the banks of Tammileru river. Eluru is one of the 14 municipal corporations, and headquarters of the Vijayawada mandal and West Godavari district. The city is well known for its wool-pile carpets and hand woven products.

Eluru Railway station is the major railway station which serves the city, others being Powerpet, Vatlur and Denduluru stations. Eluru is well connected to road and state run APS RTC bus services from major cities from Eluru New Bus Station and ariport is near to gannavaram that's about 35kms from eluru .

West Godavari district

West Godavari district (or Paschima Godavari Jilla) is one of the 13 districts in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The district headquarters are located at Eluru. As of the 2011 census of India, it spreads over an area of 7,742 km2 (2,989 sq mi) with a population of 3,936,966.

Eluru was primarily a part of Vengi(Buddhist kingdom). Historical evidences are found at the villages, Pedavegi and Guntupalli (Jilakarragudem). The West Godavari district was formed from the old Godavari district in the year 1925.

There are 48 mandals consists of 881 villages, one municipal corporation, eight municipalities and five census towns. Of them, Eluru is the only Municipal Corporation. whereas Kovvur, Narasapuram, Nidadavolu, Palakol, Tadepalligudem, Tanuku, Bhimavaram, Jangareddigudem are Municipalities.

Rob Brydon

Robert Brydon Jones (born 3 May 1965), better known as Rob Brydon, is a Welsh actor, comedian, impressionist, presenter and singer. He has acted in "Supernova", "Gavin & Stacey", "Marion and Geoff", "The Keith Barret Show" and "Little Britain". Since 2009, he has hosted the BBC One comedy panel show "Would I Lie to You?".

Brydon was born in Baglan, Glamorgan, Wales. He was married to Martina Jones until 2000. They had three children, daughters Katie (born 1994) and Amy (born 1999), and son Harry (born 1996). Since 2006, he has been married to Claire Holland. They have two sons, Tom (born 2008) and George (born 2011). He is a fan of Swansea City Association Football Club.


Lee Mack

Lee Gordon McKillop (born 4 August 1968), better known as Lee Mack, is a British comedian and actor. He is best known for creating and starring in the sitcom "Not Going Out" (2006–present). He is also known for being a "captain" on the panel show "Would I Lie to You?". He has also presented the panel shows "They Think It's All Over" and "Duck Quacks Don't Echo".

Mack was born in Blackburn, Lancashire, England. His parents later separated and Mack moved to Southport. Mack has little Irish heritage, which was explored in the 2018 season of the British television programme "Who Do You Think You Are?" While on the show, Mack found that his great-grandfather was a comedian named William Alexander McKillop, who used the stage name Billy Mac. He married Tara McKillop in 2005. They have three children. He has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). He 

Tommy Cooper

Thomas Frederick "Tommy" Cooper (19 March 1921 – 15 April 1984) was a British prop comedian and magician. He was famous for wearing a red fez, his large build and failing magic tricks as part of his comedy. He was actually a skilled magician and was a member of The Magic Circle.

Cooper was born in Caerphilly, Glamorgan, Wales. He was married to Gwen Henty from 1947 until his death. They had two children, daughter Victoria and son Thomas (1956–1988), who became an actor.

Cooper died due to a heart attack on 15 April 1984 at Her Majesty's Theatre in London. He was 63. He was performing as part of his comedy routine on live television when he slumped to the ground because of the heart attack. He died shortly after.


Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.

Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C. is an American sitcom television series. It ran for five seasons from 1964 to 1969, producing a total of 150 episodes. It became a spin-off of the American sitcom "The Andy Griffith Show" after the character Gomer Pyle became very popular. "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." was produced in what is now Paramount Television Studios. It originally aired on CBS.

"Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." stars Jim Nabors as the main character, Gomer Pyle, who joins the United States Marine Corps as a Private First Class. It also stars Frank Sutton as Sergeant Carter who does not like Pyle's antics and finds ways to keep Pyle out of his way.

2001 southern Peru earthquake

The 2001 southern Peru earthquake happened on Saturday, June 23, 2001 at around 3:30 PM local time. It had a magnitude of 8.4. It was felt by many parts of southern Peru, a country in South America. It is one of the deadliest earthquakes ever recorded in Peru.

Opinion poll

An opinion poll shows what a large group of chosen people think about the poll's topic. An opinion poll usually has a set of choices from which the chosen person may choose as his opinion. The number of people that select each choice is recorded. These numbers are then written as percentages of the overall group. This gives a general idea of how many people in a certain group agree or disagree on a certain topic. One of the fundamental principles of opinion polling is selecting a representative sample from a larger population. The goal is to ensure that the group chosen for the survey accurately reflects the demographics and characteristics of the entire population. This is typically done through random sampling methods to minimize bias. 

Lester Holt

Lester Holt is an American television show host for NBC. Since 2015, Holt has been the anchor for the NBC Nightly News during the weekdays.

Deaths in December 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Ethereum

Ethereum is a system on the Internet where people can make deals. Ether is type of money which uses the Ethereum system to make sure that every person gets the right amount in every deal.

Ethereum was proposed in late 2013 by Vitalik Buterin, a cryptocurrency researcher and programmer. Many people donated money to support the development of the system in what was one of the first initial coin offerings. The system came online on 30 July 2015, with 72 million coins.

In 2016, Ethereum split into two separate versions: Ethereum and Ethereum Classic.

Ethereum has started implementing a series of upgrades called Ethereum 2.0, which includes a transition to proof of stake and aims to increase transaction throughput using sharding.

"Ether" is a type of money that is "decentralized", which means that there's no company, bank or government that oversees it. Instead, it uses the "Ethereum" network of computers spread around the world, which keep track of every payment of ether. As in other cryptocurrencies, Ethereum keeps track of payments by using a blockchain, which is a growing registry of every payment. This blockchain is open for everyone to read, and it is spread across the network so that everyone can check what payments have been made. This also protects against hacking or theft of money from the system, because if the blockchain was to be altered in some computers then it would be noticed that it is not identical with the others.

"Ether" is a form of cryptocurrency, which means that it is "decentralized", and also means that people can use it for payments without revealing who they are. Instead, people can use the Ethereum system by "addresses" (also called "keys") which they can keep secret from others. The Ether coin can be transferred between accounts and used as a payment mechanism. The Ether coin is mined and used as compensation to miners for verifying transactions.

After bitcoin, digital currency ether is the second most widespread cryptocurrency. However, Ethereum – the blockchain platform that supports ether transactions – has a few technological advantages over the market leader. Whereas practically the only use for bitcoin is in monetary transactions, Ethereum offers the additional option of linking the transactions to contractual conditions in what are known as smart contracts. These are small computer programs that are executed when the relevant monetary transaction has been concluded or, conversely, that trigger a monetary transaction or data delivery once they have been executed.

Ethereum was initially described in a white paper by Vitalik Buterin, a programmer and co-founder of "Bitcoin Magazine" in late 2013.

Ethereum was announced at the North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami, in January 2014. During the conference, Gavin Wood, Charles Hoskinson, and Anthony Di Iorio (who financed the project) rented a house in Miami with Buterin to develop a fuller sense of what Ethereum might become.

In January 2018, Ethereum was the second largest cryptocurrency in terms of market capitalization, behind only Bitcoin. As of 2021, it maintained that relative position.

In 2019, Ethereum Foundation employee Virgil Griffith was arrested by the US government for presenting at a blockchain conference in North Korea.

On 27 August 2021, the blockchain experienced a brief fork that was the result of clients running different incompatible software versions.

Ethereum's founding story and team are featured in the 2021 book "The Cryptopians: Idealism, Greed, Lies, and the Making of the First Big Cryptocurrency Craze." "The Cryptopians" focuses on the infamous 2016 DAO hack on Ethereum. During this hack, over 3.6 million ether–about 15% of all ether in the world at the time–was stolen. Author Laura Shin writes about exciting and sometimes bad situations with the project's founding and the huge cryptocurrency rise of 2017. 

Adarsh Sein Anand

Adarsh Sein Anand (1 November 1936 – 1 December 2017) was an Indian politician and lawyer. He served as the 29th Chief Justice of India from 10 October 1998 to 31 October 2001. He was also Chief Justice of the Madras High Court (1989–1992) and the Jammu and Kashmir High Court (1985–1989). He was born in Jammu.

Anand died on 1 December 2017 in Noida at the age of 81.

Patrick O'Brian

Patrick O'Brian, (born Richard Patrick Russ; 12 December 1914 – 2 January 2000) was a British novelist and translator. He is best known for his Aubrey–Maturin series (1969–2004) of sea novels set in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars. The book series was about the friendship of the English naval captain Jack Aubrey and the Irish-Catalan doctor Stephen Maturin. The series had a total of 21 books.

O'Brian was born in Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire, England. He served during the Second World War. He was married to Elizabeth Jones until their divorce. They had two children, Jane and Richard. He was married Mary Tolstoy from 1945 until her death in 1998. They lived in Collioure, France.

O'Brian died on 2 January 2000 in Dublin, Ireland at the age of 85.


Joel Edgerton

Joel Edgerton (born 23 June 1974) is an Australian actor and filmmaker. He is best known for his roles in movies such as "" (2002), "Ned Kelly" (2003), "" (2005), "Animal Kingdom" (2010), "Warrior" (2011), "The Odd Life of Timothy Green", "Zero Dark Thirty" (both 2012), "The Great Gatsby" (2013), "The Gift", "Black Mass" (both 2015), "Loving" (2016), "It Comes at Night" (2017) and "Red Sparrow" (2018).

Edgerton was born in Blacktown, New South Wales. His brother, Nash, is a movie director.

Allianz

Allianz SE is a German financial services company. It is headquartered in Munich, Germany. The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index. The company was founded in 1890.

It has over 70 countries and has around 147,000 employees.


Schlans

Schlans is a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

The former municipality of Schlans merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Trun.

Vals, Switzerland

Vals is a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipality of St. Martin merged into the municipality of Vals.

It is known for its mineral water brand "Valser".


Sagogn

Sagogn is a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Wanna One

Wanna One () was a South Korean boy band, formed in 2017 through the second season of the talent show "Produce 101". They worked under YMC Entertainment. It consists of eleven members: Kang Daniel, Park Ji-hoon, Lee Dae-hwi, Kim Jae-hwan, Ong Seong-wu, Park Woo-jin, Lai Kuan-lin, Yoon Ji-sung, Hwang Min-hyun, Bae Jin-young and Ha Sung-woon. They were for




Smart

smart is a brand of microcars and superminis based in Böblingen, Germany. It is a division of Daimler AG. The brand was started in 1994. The brand became a joint venture between Geely and Mercedes-Benz in 2019, launching the Smart #1 in 2022 and announcing the Smart #3 in 2023. 1993

The design concept for the marque's automobiles began at Mercedes-Benz in the early 1970s to late 1980s. After brief backing by Volkswagen, the first model was released by Daimler-Benz in October 1998. Several variants on the original design have been introduced, with the original being the "City Coupé" that would be renamed the "ForTwo".



Lutterbach

Lutterbach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Sumvitg

Sumvitg is a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Delsa Solórzano

Delsa Solórzano Bernal is a Venezuelan politician and lawyer, vice president of the social democratic party "Un Nuevo Tiempo", was a deputy to the Latin American Parliament, Venezuela Chapter, period 2011-2016.

She is the daughter of the political leaders César Orlando Solorzano and Esperanza de Solorzano. Married to the lawyer Luis Izquiel, Venezuelan criminal and constitutionalist and mother of a son. She is a deputy to the National Assembly of Venezuela, for the period 2016-2021, and is president of the Permanent Commission of Domestic Policy of the National Assembly of Venezuela. She is Vice-President of the Human Rights Commission of Parliamentarians of the Inter-Parliamentary Union

Dr. Oetker

Dr. Oetker is a German food company that produces baking powder, cake mixes, yogurts, frozen pizza, pudding, cake decoration, cornflakes and various other products.

The company is a wholly-owned branch of the Oetker Group.

It is headquartered in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia.

The company was founded by Doctor August Oetker in 1891.

The company portfolio includes more than 300 individual companies in five different businesses, among them food (including Dr. Oetker GmbH and Coppenrath & Wiese KG).


Corbynmania

Corbynmania is enthusiastic support for Jeremy Corbyn who was elected as leader of the Labour Party in 2015.

His authentic, informal style and radical policies appealed to many of the young new members who had joined after the membership fee had been reduced to £3. Hundreds of supporters turned out to hear him speak at the hustings across the nation and their enthusiastic reception and support for him was dubbed "Corbynmania" by the press.

A chant of "Oh, Jeremy Corbyn" has now been adopted as an anthem or chorus by his supporters. This is sung in the style of "Seven Nation Army" by The White Stripes. It attracted especial attention at the Glastonbury festival of 2017, where Corbyn appeared and spoke to the crowds.

Robert Mueller

Robert Swan Mueller III (; born August 7, 1944) is an American lawyer and civil servant. He was the sixth Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 2001 to 2013. He is a Republican. He was appointed by President George W. Bush and his original ten-year term was given a two-year extension by President Barack Obama. 

Mueller is the longest-serving FBI director since J. Edgar Hoover. He is currently head of the Special Counsel investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections.


Republic of Liberia national defence forces

The Federal republic of Liberia military book, entitled, “The History of the Liberian Armed Forces Day” before February 25, 1955, there was no Armed Forces Day as such, except the country and militia units, each of which had its own quarterly parade day enacted by law.
During those days, the regular Army then called the Liberian Frontier Force (LFF), used to combine with units of the national militia to have joint parade on special occasions, such as Independence Day, Inauguration Day, etc. However, in 1954, the late Colonel Francis M. Dean, then Assistant Chief of Staff (G-2), recommended in his annual report to the Defense authority that a day be set aside by an act of the National Legislature to be styled and known as “Old Soldier Army Festival” a day on which units of the Liberian Armed Forces throughout the nation would assemble at their respective headquarters to jointly participate in field ceremonies of parades and other planned military exercises.
Colonel Dean’s recommendation traveled through the necessary chain of command until it successfully reached the official desk of the late Commander-In-Chief, President William V.S. Tubman who, in turn, approved and submitted it to the lawmakers for legislative consideration.
How February 11 Was Chosen As Armed Forces Day
When the Liberian legislature met in session to consider colonel Dean’s recommendation for legislative enactment, it was suggested that choosing any month and date to be set aside as Army Festival would be inappropriate.
Instead, a month and date with some historical events in which a member or members of the Armed Forces had performed some marvelous deeds in the supreme interest of the nation (Liberia) and its people.
By so doing, members of the incoming generations of the Armed Forces would continue to celebrate this day under appropriate military exercises in honor and remembrance of the heroic deeds of their comrades in arms. Moreover, this suggestion was embraced with popular support. However, the only event that could quickly come to the minds of the lawmakers was the month and date of the Major Mckay Cadell incidence in 1909.
Major Cadell was the first commandant of the Liberian Frontier Force who carried on mutiny action against the Liberian Government during President Arthur Barclay’s administration, that aggression of Cadell was repelled by the first militia regiment headed by Ltc. Isaac Moart and his deputy Major.
Joseph Dennis in 1909 having reached a unanimous consensus on the month and date of Major Cadell’s event, of February 25 1955, an act of Legislature was passed, declaring May 9 of each year as Armed Forces Day with a proclamation that it should be officially observed throughout Liberia as a National holiday. When the Act was proclaimed on May 9 as the month and date of the Major Cadell’s incidence, historians everywhere disagreed and argued that the incidence occurred on February 9, 1909. This argument in turn created a demand for legislative amendment.
Consequently, on March 22, 1956, amendment was made, deleting May 9 and inserting February 9 in the Act as Armed Forces Day. Less than a year after the amendment was made, some survivors of the Major Cadell’s incidence declared that it was February 11, 1909.
Once more and finally, on January 26, 1957, the appropriate rectification was made in the Act. Major Cadell was a British officer brought to Liberia from Sierra Leone to command the Liberian Frontier Force, and with him were some Sierra Leonean soldiers whom he incited against the Liberian Government for salary arrears.
The Liberian Frontier Force thwarted their mutiny action and they were given twenty-four hours to leave Liberia. The current site of the Executive Mansion was the location of the Military Barracks named and styled “Camp Johnson”. Today, a new 2000-strong AFL is being built under the auspices of the Security Sector Reform (SSR) program.
DynCorp International is training this new 2000-strong regimented and law-abiding AFL with support from the United States Government.
Note- The Armed Forces of Liberia is 100 years, (1908-2008) and this celebration of Armed Forces Day marks the 51st observance of the day since 1957.

Saintes, Charente-Maritime

Saintes is a French commune and historic town, a subprefecture in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saintes.

Before the French Revolution, Saintes was the capital of the old province of Saintonge.

Saintes is in the central eastern part of the Charente-Maritime department, in the old province of Saintonge, along the Charente river that flows through the "commune" from south to north.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Saintes to other cities are:

The "commune" of Saintes is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Saintes, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Saintais" (women: "Saintaises").

With a population of 25,149, Saintes has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saintes

Saintes is a subprefecture of the Charente-Maritime department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saintes and the administrative centre () of the canton of Saintes.

It is part of the intercommunality "CA Saintes" ().

Saintes is twinned with:



Charles C. McDonald

General Charles Clarence McDonald (October 1, 1933 – November 22, 2017) was a United States Air Force general. He served as Commander, Air Force Logistics Command (COMAFLC) from 1989 to 1992.

From August 1979 to February 1981 McDonald was commander of the 320th Bombardment Wing, Mather Air Force Base, California. Under his command the wing won the Fairchild Trophy, awarded to the top bomber wing in the Strategic Air Command for combined bombing and navigational excellence.

He was promoted to general November 1, 1989, with same date of rank, and retired June 30, 1992. 

McDonald died on November 22, 2017 in Niceville, Florida of ALS-related complications at the age of 84.

Stephen Knapp

Stephen Knapp (October 15, 1947November 24, 2017) was an American artist. He was best known for his use of the medium of lightpainting. He created an international reputation for large-scale works of art held in museums, public, corporate, and private collections, which are executed in media as diverse as light, kiln-formed glass, metal, stone, mosaic, and ceramic.

Knapp died in Worcester, Massachusetts on November 24, 2017 of complications from acute myeloid leukemia at the age of 70.

Aminul Islam (academic)

Aminul Islam (1 January 1935 – 29 November 2017) was a Bangladeshi academic. He was the president of Bangladesh Academy of Sciences. He was a fellow of the academy since 1978.

Surin Pitsuwan

Surin Pitsuwan (; ; 28 October 1949 – 30 November 2017) was a Thai politician and diplomat. He served as the 12th Secretary General of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations from 2008 to 2012. He was also the Minister of Foreign Affairs for Thailand from 1997 to 2001.

Pitsuwan was born in Nakhon Si Thammarat. He was a Thai Malay. He studied at Thammasat University.

Pitsuwan died of heart failure on 30 November 2017 in Bangkok. He was 68.

Time in the United Arab Emirates

The United Arab Emirates uses Gulf Standard Time (GST) (UTC+04:00) and does not observe daylight saving time.

Time in Indonesia

Indonesia has three time zones: Western Indonesia Time (WIB) (UTC+07:00) covers the western part of the country, including Jakarta, Central Indonesia Time (WITA) (UTC+08:00) covers the central part of the country, and Eastern Indonesia Time (WIT) (UTC+09:00) covers the province of Papua. Indonesia does not observe daylight saving time.

Cliff Williams

Clifford "Cliff" Williams (born 14 December 1949) is a former British musician. He is best known as a member of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. He was a member of the band between 1977 and 2016 as their bassist and backing singer. He, along with AC/DC, were added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003.

Williams was born in Romford, Essex, England. His wife, Georganne, is from Colorado. They have two children, Erin (born 1985) and Luke (born 1986).


Charles E. Merrill Jr.

Charles E. Merrill Jr. (1920 – November 29, 2017) was an American educator, author, and philanthropist. He was best known for supporting historically black colleges and founding the Commonwealth School in Boston.

Merrill Jr. died on November 29, 2017, in Nowy Sącz, Poland at the age of 97.


Colin Groves

Colin Peter Groves (24 June 1942 – 30 November 2017) was an Australian Professor of Biological Anthropology at the Australian National University in Canberra, Australia.

Groves was born in England. He emigrated to Australia in 1973 and joined the Australian National University, where he was promoted to full Professor in 2000

Groves died on 30 November 2017 in Canberra at the age of 75.

His research interests included human evolution, primates, mammalian taxonomy, skeletal analysis, biological anthropology, ethnobiology and biogeography. He was a member of the Australian Skeptics and had many published skeptical papers, as well as research papers covering his other research interests. He also conducted regular debates with creationists and anti-evolutionists.


Marina Popovich

Marina Lavrentievna Popovich (née Vasiliyeva; July 20, 1931 – November 30, 2017) was a Soviet Air Force colonel, engineer, and legendary Soviet test pilot. She held 102 aviation world records set on over 40 types of aircraft. She was one of the most famous pilots in Russian history, and one of the most important female pilots of all time.


Vincent Scully

Vincent Joseph Scully Jr. (August 21, 1920 – November 30, 2017) was an American art historian. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut.

Scully was Sterling Professor Emeritus of the History of Art in Architecture at Yale University. He was the author of several books on the subject. Architect Philip Johnson once described Scully as "the most influential architectural teacher ever." His lectures at Yale were known to attract casual visitors and packed houses, and regularly received standing ovations.

In 2004, President George W. Bush presented Scully with the National Medal of Arts, the United States' highest honor for artists and arts patrons. 

Physical unclonable function

Physical Unclonable Functions (PUFs) are hardware modules that can generate randomness. Their operation is based on "locked" randomness, stemming from tiny imperfections (mistakes) in the manufacturing process of hardware, which result in the production (output) of a bit-string which appears random and can be considered as unique per hardware instance (device).

Essentially, in each PUF circuit, electric current may move through this circuit in two distinct ways/paths, such as two wires. If it goes mostly through one of these ways/paths, a logical zero is produced, whereas if it goes through the other way/path, a logical one is produced. The prevalent path is chosen according to tiny details (characteristics) of the circuit, such as which wire is thicker or longer. However, the two wires have been designed to be exactly the same, and only differ because of imperfections of the manufacturing process, which cause random tiny mistakes (imperfections), such as one wire being 5 mm, and the other 5.00001 mm. Therefore, and as the choice of the prevalent path is dependent on a large number of tiny details (thickness, length, resistance of the wires, etc.), which are very difficult to determine beforehand, this choice appears as random, and can be considered as chaotic. The tiny production mistakes that affect the path choice cannot be predicted as they happen randomly in the manufacturing process. Nevertheless, after they happen, they stay like that, for example, the small difference in length between two wires will always exist after they have been manufactured, so the aforementioned path choice is "locked", although it is "random" (chaotic), and will always give the same result.

Since most contemporary hardware devices consist of millions of circuits, millions of individual choices can be made at the same time, resulting in a string (series) of bits (zeros and ones) of a very large length. Since each choice is independent and "random", the probability that two such strings will be the same becomes extremely small due to their very large length. Therefore, a PUF can be used to produce a large bit-string that will be "unique" per device and always the same, when measured under exactly the same conditions. Such a bit string can then be used in cryptography as an inherently occurring cryptographic token, such as a key for encryption. As external (environmental) conditions may affect the result of a PUF (its "random" unique bit-string output), error correction may be needed to force this result to be the same between different measurements.

Hardware, which by its nature allows for a choice of path for electricity, such as memory cells, can be easily employed in order to implement a PUF in a device, without the need of additional circuitry. Therefore, PUFs can be quite cost-efficient and lightweight.

Amar Singh Thapa

Amar Singh Thapa also known as Badakaji Amar Singh Thapa(), Budha Kazi Amar Singh Thapa or, Amar Singh Thapa The Elder was the senior commander of Nepal Army in the conquest of Western Provinces. He is often hailed as Living Lion of Nepal and was posthumously awarded with National heroes of Nepal, who often led great battles of conquest and defence for Gurkhas in person.


Israel Horovitz

Israel Horovitz (March 31, 1939 – November 9, 2020) was an American writer. His written plays include "Author! Author!" (1982) and "Sunshine" (1999). He was born in Wakefield, Massachusetts. 

His was married three times and had six children, including The Beastie Boys musician Ad-Rock.

In 2017 he was accused by some women of sexual and ephebophilic abuse.

Horovitz died on November 9, 2020 from cancer at his Manhattan home at the age of 81.

Fredy Schmidtke

Fredy Schmidtke (1 July 1961 – 1 December 2017) was a German track cyclist. He won a gold medal in the 1000 metres time trial at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He also finished eighth in the sprint event at that Olympics. He was born in Worringen, Cologne.

Schmidtke died of a heart attack on 1 December 2017, at the age of 56.


Gepard

Gepard can mean:

Gepard Name refers to an Asian name meaning cheetah

Philipp Graf Lerchenfeld

Philipp Graf von und zu Lerchenfeld (25 May 1952 – 1 December 2017) was a German politician. He was member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU). He was a member of the Landtag of Bavaria from 2003 to 2013. He then served as a member of the Bundestag from 2013 to 2017. Besides being a politician, he was also a farmer, accountant and tax consultant.

Lerchenfeld was born in Köfering, Regensburg District, Bavaria. He was a Roman Catholic. He was married to Marie Therese.

Lerchenfeld died of lung cancer on 1 December 2017, at the age of 65.


Grand Prix (TV programme)

Grand Prix was a British television programme based on the Formula One World Championship. It was primarily presented by the "Voice of F1" Murray Walker, who was also the lead commentator.

Zastava M84

The Zastava M84 is a general purpose machine gun made from Yugoslavia during the 1980s and is currently manufactured from Serbia. The M84 is a copy of the Soviet PKM general purpose machine gun.




Asepsis

Bacteria are used to test the effectiveness of disinfectants and antibiotics. Therefore, it is important that bacteria are not contaminated with other microorganisms. To prevent contamination, aseptic techniques are used.
These include:


Time in Hungary

Hungary uses Central European Time (CET) which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (). Hungary has not observed summer time since 1916.

Crato

Crato is a city in the south of state of Ceará in Cariri. Crato is called the "Oasis do Cariri". It is next to the state of Pernambuco. Is at the foot of the Araripe Plateau. Have a population formed by 130.064 According to IBGE

The rainfall in the municipality is 1,086 millimeters per year. Much of the rain falls from December to April.

Average temperatures throughout the year vary between 24° C and 27° C, with minimums of 14° C up to averages maximum of 33° C.

The Region was discovered during the 17th century by Capuchin Friars. After an intense exploration of the region was founded "Mission Miranda" in honor of a chief of the local tribe baptized by that name. Later it would be called "Miranda" and "New Cariris"Later it would be called "Miranda" and "New Cariris"

Trun

Trun is a municipality in Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the former municipality of Schlans became part of Trun.


CBS Morning News

CBS Morning News is an early morning television program on CBS. It is hosted by Anne-Marie Green. The program debuted on October 4, 1982 as the CBS Early Morning News. It was renamed to "CBS Morning News". The program airs live at 4:00 a.m. Eastern, but on some stations it airs at 4:30 a.m. Eastern.

Rondon Pacheco

Rondon Pacheco (31 July 1919 – 4 July 2016) was a Brazilian politician. He served as Chief of Staff of Brazil to President Artur da Costa e Silva from 1967 to 1969 during the Brazilian military government. He later served as Governor of his home state of Minas Gerais from 1971 to 1975.

Pacheco was born in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais. He was married to Marina de Freitas Pacheco. They had three children.

Pacheco died from pneumonia on 4 July 2016 in Uberlândia, at the age of 96.

Tujetsch

Tujetsch is a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Tschamut, Selva, Dieni, Rueras, Zarcuns, Camischolas, Gonda, Sedrun, Bugnei, Surrein and Cavorgia.


Gladys Nordenstrom

Gladys Mercedes Nordenstrom-Krenek (May 23, 1924 – July 5, 2016) was an American composer. She studied under Austrian composer Ernst Krenek at Hamline University. She later married him in 1950. She sometimes worked with Krenek on projects. After his death in 1991, she founded the Ernst Krenek Institute in 1998 and Krems die Ernst Krenek in 2004 in Vienna, Austria. In 2006, Nordenstrom was awarded the Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria. She was born in Mora, Minnesota.

Nordenstrom died on July 5, 2016 in Palm Springs, California, at the age of 92.

Valendas

Valendas was a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Valendas, Versam, Safien and Tenna merged into the new municipality of Safiental.

Irina Bilyk

Irina Bilyk born 6 April 1970 is a Ukrainian singer. People's Artist of Ukraine (2008).

Versam

Versam was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Versam, Valendas, Safien and Tenna merged into the new municipality of Safiental.


Safien

Safien was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Safien, Valendas, Versam and Tenna merged into the new municipality of Safiental.


Garth Ennis

Garth Ennis (born 16 January 1970) is a Northern Irish-American comics writer. He is best known for "Preacher", "The Boys", "Hellblazer", Marvel Comics' "The Punisher" and DC Comics' "Hitman". He worked a lot with artist Steve Dillon. In 1998, he was awarded the Eisner Award for Best Writer.

Ennis was born in Holywood, County Down. He is an atheist.

Schmitten, Graubünden

Schmitten () is a municipality of the district Albula. It is in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Magny, Haut-Rhin

Magny is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Alain Jessua

Alain Jessua (16 January 1932 – 30 November 2017) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Évreux, France. He directed ten movies between 1956 and 1997.

He worked as assistant director for Jacques Becker on the set of "Casque d'or", with Max Ophüls for "Madame de..." and "Lola Montès" and with Marcel Carné on "Wasteland".

His 1967 movie "Jeu de massacre" was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the award for Best Screenplay.

Jessua died from cancer on 30 November 2017 at the age of 85.


Magstatt-le-Bas

Magstatt-le-Bas is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Magstatt-le-Haut

Magstatt-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in the east France.

Randall Park

Randall Park (born March 23, 1974) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is known for playing Kim Jong-un in comedy movie "The Interview" (2014), Danny Chung in "Veep" and Louis Huang in ABC's television show "Fresh Off the Boat".

Park was born in Los Angeles, California. His parents are Korean. He has been married to actress Jae Suh Park since 2008. They have a daughter.

2017–18 Premier League

The 2017-18 Premier League is the 26th premier league as Chelsea are the defending Champions. The season started on 11 August 2017 and finished on 13 May 2018. Newcastle United F.C. Brighton and Hove Albion and Huddersfield Town got promoted to the Premier League from the English Football League. Brighton are playing in the Premier League for the first time in their history.

 Player scored 4 goals; (H) – Home ; (A) – Away




The PFA Team of the Year was:

The PFA Players' Player of the Year was awarded to Mohamed Salah.
The PFA Young Player of the Year was awarded to Leroy Sané.
The FWA Footballer of the Year was awarded to Mohamed Salah.ref>ref>


Time in Oman

Oman uses Gulf Standard Time (GST) (UTC+04:00), like its neighbor United Arab Emirates. Oman does not use daylight saving time (DST).

Saint-Michel-sur-Orge

Saint-Michel-sur-Orge is a commune. It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Essonne department in the north of France.

The inhabitants are "Saint-Michellois".

It has 20,057 people.

Mundell Lowe

James Mundell Lowe (April 21, 1922 – December 2, 2017) was an American jazz guitarist. He worked a lot in radio, television and movies. He was also a session musician. He produced music and scores for many television shows and movies including "Billy Jack", "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)" and "Starsky & Hutch". He sometimes worked with André Previn.

Lowe was born in Shady Grove, Mississippi. He married singer Betty Bennett in 1975.

Lowe died on December 2, 2017 in San Diego, California. He was 95.

Jerzy Kłoczowski

Jerzy Kazimierz Kłoczowski (29 December 1924 – 2 December 2017) was a Polish historian. He was a professor at the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin. He was member of the Polish Senate from 1989 to 1991. During World War II, he was a soldier of the Home Army and was involved in the Warsaw Uprising. He was badly injured in the attack and lost his right hand. In 2004, he was awarded with the Order of the White Eagle by President Aleksander Kwasniewski. He was born in Bogdany Wielkie, Masovian Voivodeship.

Kłoczowski died on 2 December 2017, at the age of 92.

Takam Kingdom

Takam Kingdom () Takam of Bagalyas or Bagalyadesh or 4000 Parvat Kingdom was a historical Thapa kingdom founded by King Kalu Thapa Kshatri of the Bagale Thapa clan belonging to Khas community. This Thapa dynasty ruled for 300 years between 1246 B.S. - 1545 B.S. (1189 CE - 1488 CE), only to be conquered it into Chaubise Parbat State by King Dimba Bam of Samalvanshi Thakuri clan .

Dick Gernert

Richard Edward "Dick" Gernert (September 28, 1928 – November 30, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. He was a first baseman and outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Red Sox (1952–59), Chicago Cubs (1960), Detroit Tigers (1960–61), Cincinnati Reds (1961) and Houston Astros (1962). He was born in Reading, Pennsylvania.

Gernert died on November 30, 2017 in Reading, at the age of 89.

Crépy

Crépy can mean:


Autreville

Autreville can mean:


Reg Varney

Reginald Alfred "Reg" Varney (11 July 1916 – 16 November 2008) was a British actor and comedian. He was best known for playing bus driver Stan Butler in the sitcom "On the Buses", and the movie spin-offs "On the Buses" (1971), "Mutiny on the Buses" (1972) and "Holiday on the Buses" (1973). He also appeared in the sitcom "The Rag Trade". In 1967, he made the first withdrawal from an ATM.

Varney was born in Canning Town, Essex, England. He was married to Lilian from 1939 until her death in 2002. They had one daughter, Jeanne. He had a heart attack in 1965 and 1981, and a stroke in 1989.

Varney died of a chest infection on 16 November 2008 in Budleigh Salterton, Devon. He was 92.

Berne, Germany

Berne is a municipality of the district Wesermarsch in the state of Lower Saxony in Germany. It is on the left bank of the Weser, about 20 km east of Oldenburg, and 25 km northwest of Bremen.

Musician, producer and songwriter Dieter Bohlen was born in Berne.


Tenna, Switzerland

Tenna was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Tenna,
Valendas, Versam and Safien joined and became the new municipality of Safiental.

Safiental

Safiental () is a municipality in Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities Valendas, Versam, Safien and Tenna joined together to become the new municipality, Safiental.

Morissen

Morissen () was a municipality, in the new municipality of Lumnezia and the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Mahsun Kırmızıgül

Mahsun Kırmızıgül (born Abdullah Bazencir; March 26, 1969 in Bingöl, Turkey) is a Turkish actor, movie director, screenwriter and musician.

Kırmızıgül was born on 26 March 1969 in Bingöl. He studied at primary and secondary schools in Diyarbakır. He started his career as a musician by singing for the weddings. In 1984, he was invited to Istanbul to make an album for "Güneş Plak". The artist won acclaim with his movie "Beyaz Melek" which he wrote, directed and played.



Waltensburg/Vuorz

Waltensburg/Vuorz was a municipality of the district Surselva. It is in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Andiast and Waltensburg/Vuorz merged into the municipality of Breil/Brigels.


Michelin

Michelin is a French tyre company. It is based in Clermont-Ferrand, France. It is the second largest tyre manufacturer in the world. In addition to the Michelin brand, it also owns the BFGoodrich, Kleber, Tigar, Riken, Kormoran and Uniroyal (in North America) tyre brands. The mascot is "Bibendum", colloquially known as the Michelin Man.

In 2012, the Group produced 166 million tyres at 69 facilities located in 18 countries.

The company was founded in 1889.


Malmerspach

Malmerspach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Oophorectomy

Oophorectomy is the removal of an ovary or ovaries. It is similar to castration. People get an oophorectomy for many reasons. This may be to treat cancer or the menstrual cycle. It has also been proposed as a way of treating female sexual predators, female hebephiles and female pedophiles by stopping their libido.

Arriva Southern Counties

Arriva Southern Counties is a bus company. It is a division of Arriva, which operates services in East Sussex, Essex, Kent, Surrey and West Sussex.

It is made up of Arriva Guildford & West Surrey, Arriva Kent & Sussex, Arriva Kent Thameside, Arriva Medway Towns and Arriva Southend.

Arriva Guildford & West Surrey operate in parts of West Sussex and Surrey. Buses go to Redhill, Weybridge, Horsham and Camberley.

Arriva Kent Thameside operates in parts of Kent. Buses go to Bluewater shopping centre, Dartford, Orpington, Greenhithe, Gravesend.
Arriva Kent Thameside operates two Fastrack services, The buses serve Route A from Dartford and to Bluewater Shopping Centre, and Route B from Temple Hill to Gravesend. The buses used are Wright StreetLites. The buses are painted light purple and dark purple.

Arriva Medway Towns operates in the Medway Towns and parts of Kent. Buses go to the Medway Towns, Bluewater shopping centre and Gravesend.

Arriva Soundend operates in Essex. Buses go to Southend-On-Sea, Rochford and Hadleigh.

Arriva Southern Counties operates two Sapphire routes in Kent, These buses have luxury seats, free WIFI, charging points (to charge a laptop or phone), display screens to show what stops are next and CCTV screens,

The buses serve route 101 from Gillingham to Maidstone and routes 480 and 490 from Valley Drive to Dartford. The buses used are Alexander Dennis Enviro400 and Wright StreetLite. The buses are painted light blue and dark blue.


Leoš Šimánek

Leoš Šimánek (born 19 April 1946) is a Czech traveler, photographer and mountaineer. He wrote more than 20 books about his travels.

Šimánek studied civil engineering. He left communist Czechoslovakia in 1968. He settled in Germany where he gained citizenship and lived at different times of his life. He worked as an architect in Passau. He also lived in Canada where he built his own cabin. He first wrote his books in German language but later also in his native Czech. Apart of travel books, he also wrote a novel called "V zajetí polární zimy". As a mountaineer, he made first ascent at Mount Queen Bess in British Columbia.


Ewald Schurer

Ewald Schurer (15 April 1954 – 2 December 2017) was a German politician. He was born in Ebersberg, Germany. He was a member of the SPD.

Schurer died on 2 December 2017 at his home in Ebersberg, at the age of 63.


IPhone X

The iPhone X is a smartphone designed by Apple Inc. It was revealed on September 12, 2017, at the Steve Jobs Theater in Apple Park, at the same time as they released the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. The iPhone X was released in several countries on November 3, 2017. This iPhone marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, with "X" representing the symbol "ten" in Roman numerals.

The iPhone X has an OLED display which measures 5.8 inches diagonally. Apple calls this a "Super Retina Display". It has a contrast ratio (the difference between the brightest a screen can be, and the darkest) of 1,000,000:1. It is also very sharp, with a resolution of 2436-by-1125. It is also able to change its color temperature using True Tone. According to Greg Joswiak, Apple's vice president of product marketing, the screens Apple used in the iPhone X were made to avoid the "oversaturation" of colors that are displayed on most OLED panels by adjusting color so that it doesn't look too saturated or very intense.

It is available in two colors, Silver and Space Grey. It has a glass casing which Apple claims is "the most durable ever in a smartphone", and the entire body is made from stainless steel.

Instead of Touch ID, a fingerprint scanner, it uses Face ID, which can recognize your face, even in total darkness or in direct sunlight. It can't be fooled by photos and simple masks, because unlike other solutions, it uses infrared cameras and dot projectors to scan your face, which Apple calls the "TrueDepth camera system". It can also scan through most eyeglasses and sunglasses, and it can still recognize you even if you change your hairstyle or grow a beard. You can use Face ID for unlocking your phone or for Apple Pay.

The iPhone X has two cameras on the back. The first one is a wide 12 MP camera. It can record video at 1080p HD or 4K and slow-mo at 720p or 1080p. The second camera is a zoom camera at also 12 MP. Using the second camera, you can zoom optically, so the picture does not lose quality. Together, the two cameras can be used for Portrait mode, which blurs the background and keeps the object or person in focus, and Portrait Lighting, which also does the same thing as Portrait Mode, but you can actually choose how the lighting looks.

In the front is a 7 MP camera. Using the TrueDepth cameras, it can also do Portrait mode and Portrait Lighting, but also Animojis, which are animated emojis that copy your facial expressions.

There is no home button on the iPhone X. The front and back are made of glass, and it allows for wireless charging with a Qi charger or with Apple's own wireless charging pad, AirPower.

Because the screen, which is very different from iPhones before, apps needed to be updated so that it fills the entire screen. There are changes such as rounded corners, sensor "notch" at the top of the screen, and a sign for going to the home screen. Apple published a "Human Interface Guidelines" document for explaining and discouraged app makers from attempting to hide the changes.

Since there is no home button, it uses swipes and gestures instead, like swiping up to go to the home screen.

Kjell Opseth

Kjell Olav Opseth (2 January 1936 – 3 December 2017) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was Minister of Transport and Communications from 1990 to 1996. He was also Minister of Local Government Affairs from 1996 to 1997. He was born in Førde, Sunnfjord, Vestland.

Opseth died on 3 December 2017 in Førde, at the age of 81.


St. Martin, Graubünden

St. Martin (, ) was a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipality of St. Martin merged into the municipality of Vals.

Surcuolm

Surcuolm is a former municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

In 2009 it was merged with Flond to form the municipality of Mundaun.

Vella, Switzerland

Vella is a former municipality in the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Vella, Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn and Vrin merged into the new municipality of Lumnezia.

Vignogn

Vignogn was a municipality, in the new municipality of Lumnezia and the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Vrin

Vrin is a former municipality in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It is found of the district Surselva. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Vrin, Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn and Vella merged into the new municipality of Lumnezia. In 1998, Vrin was awarded the Wakker Prize for the preservation of its architectural heritage. It was first mentioned in 1208 as "Varin".

In 2011, 255 people lived there.


San Martín de Trevejo

San Martín de Trevejo (Fala: "Sa Martín de Trevellu") is a municipality in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain.

In 2008, 926 people lived there.

Oliva de Plasencia

Oliva de Plasencia is a municipality in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain.

In 2005, 252 people lived there.

Naudiha pranpur

Naudiha pranpur is a small village in Gaya district, Bihar (India). It is 40 kilometers from Jharkhand state border, 150 kilometers southeast from capital of Bihar, Patna, and 50 kilometers from Gaya town in southeast direction. This village is idle village of Fatehpur block and Naudiha sultanpur panchayatiraj.


Naudiha pranpur is an agrigarian village. Agriculture is the main and only one source of income. Here, agriculture depend on monsoon and if monsoon fails, then drought condition happens.



Ulli Lommel

Ulli Lommel (21 December 1944 – 2 December 2017) was a German actor and director. He was known for his works with Rainer Werner Fassbinder and his association with the New German Cinema movement. 

Lommel was well known for the time which he spent at The Factory and as a creative associate of Andy Warhol. From 1977 until his death, he lived and worked in the United States, where he wrote, directed and starred in over 50 movies. His best known work was "The Boogeyman" (1980).


Nava Semel

Nava Semel (; born Nava Artzi; 15 September 1954 – 2 December 2017) was an Israeli author, playwright, screenwriter and translator. Her short story collection "Kova Zekhukhit " ("Hat of Glass") was the first work of fiction published in Israel. It addressed the topic of the "Second Generation" - children of Holocaust survivors.

She received "The Israeli Prime Minister's Award for Literature" in 1996, "The Women Writers of the Mediterranean Award" in France 1994, and "Women of the Year in Literature of the City of Tel Aviv" 2006.


Thomas Finlay (judge)

Thomas Aloysius Finlay (17 September 1922 – 3 December 2017) was an Irish judge and politician. He was born in Dublin. 

Finlay served as Chief Justice of Ireland from 1985 to 1994, Justice of the Supreme Court from 1985 to 1994, President of the High Court from 1974 to 1985 and Judge of the High Court from 1971 to 1985. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South-Central constituency from 1954 to 1957.

Finlay died on 3 December 2017 in Dublin, aged 95.

Buangkok MRT station

Buangkok MRT Station (NE15) is an underground MRT station in Sengkang, Singapore. It opened on 15 January 2006. It opened after the public wanted it to be opened. It is part of the North East MRT Line.

When the North East Line opened, it was one of the 2 completed MRT stations of North East Line that was not open, the other being Woodleigh which opened on 20 June 2011. This station was originally planned to be opened with 15 other stations on the North East Line. However, a few days before the opening, the operator SBS Transit decided not to open the station as the area around the station was undeveloped and the company claimed that the number of passengers would be too low to cover operating costs.

The station was maintained like any other station throughout the time before it was opened. To prepare for the station's opening, the programming had to be updated to include Buangkok. Residents had said they would be willing to walk 400 metres to the station every day.

SBS Transit expected around 3,500 passengers to use the station daily, which would be the lowest among all the stations along the line, resulting in the station making a loss. However, the actual numbers were much lower than expected during its first week of operation. Only an average of 1,386 passengers used the station each day. For comparison, Clarke Quay station, which is the second most unused station, already had more than 6,000 passenger trips daily. However, Clarke Quay was located in the Central Business District with considerable development in the area. 

From 5 January 2018, cash top ups are not accepted at the passenger service centres at this station.

There is an artwork in the station. It was made by Vincent Leow. It is called "Water, Nature and the Contemporary" (current).

Hermann Schwörer

Hermann Schwörer (1 May 1922 – 24 November 2017) was a German politician. He was born in Berlin. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany.

Schwörer served in the Bundestag between 1958 and 1994. From 1970 to 1979, Schwörer was a member of the European Parliament.

Schwörer died in Berlin on 24 November 2017 at the age of 95.

Anne Buydens

Anne Buydens (born Hannelore Marx, 23 April 1919 – 29 April 2021) was a German-born Belgian-American actress, philanthropist, and producer. She was a member of the International Best Dressed List, beginning in 1970.

Buydens married actor Kirk Douglas in 1954. They had two children.

Both Kirk Douglas and Buydens were behind the establishment of "Harry's Haven", an Alzheimer's disease unit at the Motion Picture & Television Fund Home in Woodland Hills. It is named after Kirk Douglas's father. The couple was known for their effort to rebuild playgrounds in the Los Angeles Unified School District.

Buydens died at her home in Beverly Hills, California on 29 April 2021, one week after her 102nd birthday.

All the Money in the World

All the Money in the World is a 2017 British-American historical crime drama movie directed by Ridley Scott and written by David Scarpa. It is based on John Pearson's 1995 book "Painfully Rich: The Outrageous Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Heirs of J. Paul Getty".

It stars Michelle Williams, Christopher Plummer, Mark Wahlberg, Romain Duris, Charlie Plummer, Stacy Martin, Andrew Buchan, and Timothy Hutton. The movie tells the story of how J. Paul Getty refused to cooperate with the group of kidnappers, from the organized crime Mafia group 'Ndrangheta, who kidnapped his grandson John Paul Getty III in the 1970s.

Kevin Spacey originally portrayed Getty Sr. However, after multiple sexual assault allegations were revealed against Spacey, his scenes were cut and re-shot with Christopher Plummer. Though re-shoots began on November 20, 2017, TriStar Pictures has the movie's United States release scheduled for December 22, 2017, but moved the date to December 25.

For their roles, Williams and Plummer are nominated for a Golden Globe Award with Plummer being nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

David R. Bowen

David Reece Bowen (born October 21, 1932) is an American politician. He was born in Houston, Mississippi. Bowen was a U.S. Representative from Mississippi. He served for 2nd congressional district. He served from January 3, 1973 through January 3, 1983. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Jean Spencer Ashbrook

Emily Jean Spencer Ashbrook (née Spencer; September 21, 1934) is an American politician. She is the widow of Congressman John M. Ashbrook, Republican of Ohio. She is also a former member of the United States House of Representatives herself, having completed her late husband's final term of office, also as a Republican from June 29, 1982 through January 3, 1983.

Ed Weber

Edward Ford "Ed" Weber (July 26, 1931 – February 27, 2023) was an American politician. He served one term in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican from January 3, 1981 through January 3, 1983. He won his district in 1980 due to Ronald Reagan's success in Ohio in the 1980 presidential election. In 1982, however, he lost his re-election bid to Marcy Kaptur. He died on February 27, 2023, at the age of 91.

Bill Gradison

Willis David "Bill" Gradison Jr. (born December 28, 1928) is an American politician from Ohio. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1993.


Ronald M. Mottl

Ronald Milton Mottl (born February 6, 1934) is an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He had been a member of the state House of Representatives of Ohio from 1987 to 1997. 

A conservative Democrat, Mottl was an ally of Ronald Reagan's legislative agenda. He lost the Democratic primary to Ed Feighan in 1982, thereby losing his seat.

Tom Luken

Thomas Andrew Luken (July 9, 1925 – January 10, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He also was the mayor of Cincinnati from 1971 to 1972.

In 1974, Luken won a special election in the Cincinnati-based 1st congressional district to fill out the term of William J. Keating, a Republican who resigned his seat. However, Luken was defeated later that year in his bid for a full term by Republican Bill Gradison.

Luken died on January 10, 2018 in Cincinnati at the age of 92.

William J. Keating

William John Keating (March 30, 1927 – May 20, 2020) was an American businessman and politician of the Republican Party. From 1967-70, he served on the Cincinnati City Council.

Keating served in the United States House of Representatives from 1971-74, representing Ohio's 1st congressional district. Keating resigned from Congress to become President and CEO of "The Cincinnati Enquirer".

Keating was a founding member of the law firm Keating, Muething and Klekamp.

Keating died on May 20, 2020 in Cincinnati at the age of 93.

Jean Schmidt

Jeannette Marie Schmidt (born November 29, 1951) is a former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2005 to 2013. She is a member of the Republican Party.

On March 6, 2012, Schmidt was defeated for re-election in the GOP primary by Brad Wenstrup.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

Brad Wenstrup

Brad Robert Wenstrup (born June 17, 1958) is an American politician, Army Reserve officer, and Doctor of Podiatric Medicine, who has been the U.S. Representative for since 2013. 

Wenstrup is a member of the Republican Party. He defeated U.S. Representative Jean Schmidt in the 2012 Republican primary election and Democrat William R. Smith in the 2012 general election. 

Wenstrup is a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve and an Iraq War veteran. 

After the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise on the morning of June 14, 2017, Wenstrup attended to the wounded congressman until he was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center.

Graham McTavish

Graham McTavish (born 4 January 1961) is a Scottish movie, television and voice actor. McTavish appeared in the 2011 movie "The Wicker Tree", Robin Hardy's sequel to his 1973 movie, "The Wicker Man" and played Dwalin in Peter Jackson's "The Hobbit" trilogy.

Andhra University

Andhra University is a Government run University located in Visakhapatnam. It was established in 1926. It has an area of 171 hectares (422 acres).


Katrín Jakobsdóttir

Katrín Jakobsdóttir (pronounced ; born 1 February 1976) is an Icelandic politician. She is the 28th and current Prime Minister of Iceland since 30 November 2017. She has been a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for the Reykjavík North constituency since 2007. 

She became deputy chairperson of the Left-Green Movement in 2003 and has been their chairperson since 2013. Katrín was Iceland's Minister of Education, Science and Culture and of Nordic Co-operation from 2 February 2009 to 23 May 2013.


Reinforcement learning

Reinforcement learning (RL) is teaching a "software agent" how to behave in an environment by telling it how well it's doing. It is an area of machine learning inspired by behaviorist psychology.

Reinforcement learning is different from supervised learning because the correct inputs and outputs are never shown. Also, reinforcement learning usually learns as it goes (online learning) unlike supervised learning. This means an agent has to choose between exploring and sticking with what it knows best.

A reinforcement learning system is made of a "policy" (formula_1), a "reward function" (formula_2), a "value function" (formula_3), and an optional "model" of the environment.

A "policy" tells the agent what to do in a certain situation. It can be a simple table of rules, or a complicated search for the correct action. Policies can even be stochastic, which means instead of rules the policy assigns "probabilities" to each action. A policy by itself can make an agent do things, but it can't learn on its own.

A "reward function" defines the goal for an agent. It takes in a state (or a state and the action taken at that state) and gives back a number called the "reward", which tells the agent how good it is to be in that state. The agent's job is to get the biggest amount of reward it possibly can in the long run. If an action yields a low reward, the agent will probably take a better action in the future. Biology uses reward signals like pleasure or pain to make sure organisms stay alive to reproduce. Reward signals can also be stochastic, like a slot machine at a casino, where sometimes they pay and sometimes they don't.

A "value function" tells an agent how much reward it will get following a policy formula_1 starting from state formula_5. It represents how "desirable" it is to be in a certain state. Since the value function isn't given to the agent directly, it needs to come up with a good guess or estimate based on the reward it's gotten so far. Value function estimation is the most important part of most reinforcement learning algorithms.

A "model" is the agent's mental copy of the environment. It's used to "plan" future actions.

Knowing this, we can talk about the main loop for a reinforcement learning episode. The agent interacts with the environment in "discrete time steps". Think of it like the "tick-tock" of a clock. With discrete time, things only happen during the "ticks" and the "tocks", and not in between. At each time formula_6, the agent observes the environment's state formula_7 and picks an action formula_8 based on a policy formula_1. The next time step, the agent receives a reward signal formula_10 and a new observation formula_11. The value function formula_12 is updated using the reward. This continues until a terminal state formula_13 is reached.

The biology behind Reinforcement learning can be found at:

Sylvester Igboun

Sylvester Emeka Igbonu (usually known as Sylvester Igboun; born 8 September 1990) is a Nigerian professional association football player. He currently plays for FC Ufa in Russia. His last name is Igbonu, but was misspelled when registering for a passport. He has also played for the Danish club, FC Midtjylland.



Luka Đorđević

Luka Đorđević (Cyrillic: Лукa Ђорђевић; born 9 July 1994) is a Montenegrin professional association football player. 

He played for FK Mogren in the 2011/2012 season. He played 24 league matches with the club, and made one appearance in a UEFA Champions League qualification match against PFC Litex Lovech.

He made his first appearance with Zenit St. Petersburg on 11 August 2012 against Spartak Moscow.

On 22 July 2017, he was loaned to FC Arsenal Tula.

He played his first international match for Montenegro on 27 August 2012 against San Marino. He also scored his first international goal in that match.


Edwin Mosquera

Edwin Orlando Mosquera Roa (26 July 1985 – 2 December 2017) was a Colombian weightlifter. He competed in the 69 kg weight division. He won a silver medal at the 2007 Pan American Games. He also won two gold medals (2008 and 2010) and a silver medal (2016) at the Pan American Weightlifting Championships. He was at the 2008 and 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born in El Carmen de Atrato.

Mosquera died after being shot twice on 2 December 2017 in Palmira, Valle del Cauca. He was 32.


Rizvan Utsiyev

Rizvan Rashitovich Utsiyev (Russian: Ризван Рашитович Уциев; born 7 February 1988) is a Russian professional association football player of Chechen descent. He is currently the captain of Akhmat Grozny.

He was called up by the Russia national football B team on 19 August 2011 for a match against the Belarusian Olympic team.


Yevgeni Markov (footballer, born 1994)

Yevgeni Stanislavovich Markov (Russian: Евгений Станиславович Марков; born 7 July 1994) is a Russian professional association football player. He currently plays for FC Tosno.

He played his first match with Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg on 15 July 2013 in a game against FC Tosno. He played his first match in the Russian Football National League on 7 September 2014 for Yenisey Krasnoyarsk against Volga Nizhny Novgorod.


Moscow &quot;Southern Gate&quot; Central Bus Terminal

Moscow "Southern Gate" Central Bus Terminal is the main bus station of Moscow, located in the south side of the city and opened in 2015. The station is replacing the Old Moscow Central Bus Terminal that opened in 1971.


Vitinho (footballer, born October 1993)

Victor Vinícius Coelho dos Santos (also known as Vitinho; born 9 October 1993) is a Brazilian professional association football player. He currently plays for Flamengo.

He has played for the Brazilian club, Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas. In the 2013 season, he scored 4 goals in 16 Série A games.

Vitinho signed a 5-year contract with PFC CSKA Moscow on 2 September 2013. He was usually just used as a substitute. Botafogo was interested in loaning Vitinho back to the club.

On 16 January 2015, Vitinho joined Sport Club Internacional on a one-year loan deal. The loan was extended to the end of 2016. He also extended his contract with CSKA Moscow to 2020. He returned to CSKA Moscow in January 2017.

He made two appearances with the Brazilian Olympic team in 2012.





Old Moscow Central Bus Terminal

The Old Moscow Central Bus Terminal was the main bus station of Moscow from 1971 until 2015. The station was closed in 2015 when the new Moscow "Southern Gate" Central Bus Terminal was open. The station was located in the eastern side of the city and demolished. 


PSL Research University

The PSL Research University (PSL) is a public university in Paris, France. PSL has ten members. The university also has six research departments. Called a mega-university, their goal is to reach the same level of excellence as MIT, Oxford, Cambridge and Harvard Universities. It is a center for scientific and technological research. PSL students, graduates, and faculty members are famous for being given many awards. The university has been started in 2010. It is one of the most selective universities. The most popular major is engineering.


Marek Frąckowiak

Marek Antoni Frąckowiak (16 August 1950 – 6 November 2017) was a Polish actor. He had roles in "Niespotykanie spokojny człowiek", "Ekipa", "Ballada o Januszku" and "The Last Wish". He also voiced many popular movies, television shows and video games from outside of Poland into Polish. 

Frąckowiak was born in Łódź. He was married to Ewa Złotowska.

Frąckowiak died of spinal cancer on 6 November 2017 in Łódź. He was 67.

James Marriott

Sir James Marriott (29 October 1730 – 21 March 1803) was a famous British judge, politician and scholar. He is famous for being in the highest court in Britain. He judged a lot of legal trials involving boats and the British Navy, he most helped lawyers by writing a book about American law.

James Marriott was born on 29 October 1730. In June 1746 he was sent to Trinity Hall, Cambridge, and graduated in 1751. Although he had wanted a job in the church, he decided to switch to law in 1755, maybe because his stepfather, a very good lawyer, told him to. He spent three years as librarian to the Duke of Newcastle. He joined the College of Advocates and began his legal job in which he wrote two books on law.

While he served the Duke of Newcastle, he began to flatter others with nice words, which gave him the job of Receiver of Land Tax for Suffolk, but did not do much else until King George III was made king in 1760, when he left Newcastle for the new king. In 1767 he was made king's advocate, mostly because there was no one else to do it. In 1767 he served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge for a year and in 1768.

For the next ten years he kept trying to get a better job, making Lord Grafton very angry in the process.In 1778 he was knighted and made the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, responsible for cases involving boats and the Navy. His work as king's advocate was not impressive, because of his lack of good choice-making and bad courtroom behaviors, as well as his aggressive speeches against his own co-workers. In 1781 he was elected to Parliament for Sudbury. Marriott worked for Lord Shelburne, who strongly opposed war.

The French Revolutionary Wars in 1793 caused the Navy to be used more and more, which made Marriott judge on more cases than he normally would, even though he was able to make some important decisions. He was also re-elected for his Parliament job in 1796. he had supported someone else, but then changed his mind and ran for election himself. Marriott remained in Parliament until 1802, shortly before he died.

Marriott quit his job in 1798. He returned to Twinstead Hall and stayed there until he died on 21 March 1803, having rebuilt the local church. The year before he died he wrote his most important book, "Formulare instrumentarum", a book about his job with Naval law that caused Naval law in the United States to change. He also made a lot of poems and legal books that were not important. He never married, his one try in 1760 causing both the girl and her father to say "no." Instead he took care of his mother until her death.


Swiss Federal Railways

Swiss Federal Railways (short: SBB, , , , ) is the national railway company of Switzerland. It is also called SBB CFF FFS. The company was founded in 1902.

The company headquarters is in Bern.

In the Zurich-Bern-Basel triangle, travel times between the cities is under one hour.

SBB also operates international EuroCity and EuroNight trains in Switzerland.


Mon, Switzerland

Mon was a municipality of the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Since 2015, Mon became a part of the municipality of Albula/Alvra.

Davos Wiesen

Davos Wiesen () is a village in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Davos.


Nufenen

Nufenen (, ) was a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It is on the San Bernardino tunnel road.

On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen merged to form the new municipality of Rheinwald.


Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar

Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar, (, Mozaffar Ŝāh-e Qājār, Muẓaffari’d-Dīn Shāh Qājār; 23 March 1853 – 3 January 1907) was the fifth Qajar dynasty king of Persia. He reigned between the years 1896 and 1907.

The son of the Qajar dynasty ruler Naser al-Din Shah Qajar, Mozaffar ad-Din was named crown prince and sent as governor to the northern province of Azerbaijan in 1861.


Carles Santos

Carles Santos () (1 July 1940 – 4 December 2017) was a Spanish artist. He began his career as a pianist and later worked in many other creative areas, including musical composition, filmmaking, screenwriting, acting, scenic musical shows, graphics, montage, sculpture, photography, poetry, and prose. He was born in Vinaròs, Valencian Community (Spain).

Santos was commissioned to compose works for a variety of special occasions, including the opening ceremonies of the 1992 Summer Olympic Games in Barcelona and the opening of the 2001 Biennial of Arts in Valencia.

Santos died on 4 December 2017 at the age of 77.


Arif Dirlik

Arif Dirlik (1940 – December 1, 2017) was a Turkish-American historian. He has published many works on historiography and political ideology in modern China, as well as issues in modernity, globalization, and post-colonial criticism. Dirlik received a BSc in Electrical Engineering at Robert College, Istanbul in 1964 and a PhD in History at the University of Rochester in 1973.

Dirlik died in Eugene, Oregon on December 1, 2017 at the age of 77.


Manuel Marín

Manuel Marín González (21 October 1949 – 4 December 2017) was a Spanish politician. He was a former President of the Congress of Deputies. He was a long-time member of the European Commission, and acting President during the Santer Commission following the resignation of the Jacques Santer.

Marín died in Madrid on 4 December 2017 at the age of 68 from lung cancer.

Jimmy Hood

James Hood (16 May 1948 – 4 December 2017) was a Scottish Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) from 1987 until 2015. He represented the Clydesdale constituency until 2005, and the Lanark and Hamilton East thereafter. 

Hood died on 4 December 2017 of a heart attack in Lanarkshire, Scotland, aged 69.


Ian Twitchin

Ian Robert Twitchin (22 January 1952 – 3 December 2017) was an English footballer. He played as a right back and midfielder. He spent his entire professional career with Torquay United, making 401 appearances in The Football League. He later played for Minehead and Newton Abbot Spurs (where he was player-manager). He was born in Teignmouth, Devon.

Twitchin died on 3 December 2017, at the age of 65.

Mackenzie Crook

Paul James "Mackenzie" Crook (born 29 September 1971) is a British actor, writer, director and comedian. He is best known for playing Gareth Keenan in "The Office", Ragetti in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movies and Orell in the HBO series "Game of Thrones". He is also the creator and star of the BBC Four sitcom "Detectorists". The series earnt him a BAFTA Award in 2015.

Crook was born in Maidstone, Kent, England. He grew up in Dartford, Kent. He has been married to Lindsay since April 2001. The couple have two children, a son and a daughter.


The Office (British TV series)

The Office is a British mockumentary sitcom. It was shown on BBC Two. It began on 9 July 2001 and ended on 27 December 2003. It was created, written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant. It stars Gervais, Martin Freeman, Mackenzie Crook, Lucy Davis, Oliver Chris, Patrick Baladi, Stacey Roca, Ralph Ineson, Stirling Gallacher, Joel Beckett and Ewen MacIntosh.

"The Office" is about David Brent (Gervais), an office manager in Slough, Berkshire, and his employees dealing with his cringe personality.

The series was adapted into an American version of the same name, starring Steve Carell.

Bocconi University

Bocconi University () is a private university in Viale Bligny Milan, Italy. Bocconi University was founded in 1902, and is ranked among the most important universities in the world for finance and commerce. It is located in the center of Milan in one of the most exclusive and expensive districts of the city.

It provides undergraduate, graduate and post-graduate education. The university's main subjects are economics, business management, finance, law, political science and public administration.

Bocconi University was founded in 1902 by Ferdinando Bocconi, an Italian politician and business man. He named the university after his son Luigi. Luigi was a soldier in the Italian army. He was killed in 1896 in a war between Italy and Ethiopia. The center of the present campus of Bocconi University is on Via Sarfatti. It was built in 1941. Since then several new buildings have been added.

In 2017 the university had a total of 14,396 students. About 1600 students come from outside Italy. The president of the university is Mario Monti.


Men's rights movement

Men's rights movement is a movement where men try to improve the lives of men. They focus on many topics such as adoption, male suicide and male homelessness. These movements started showing up in the 1970s. Some of these movements approve of feminism, other movements are against it.

Elmar Faber

Elmar Faber (1 April 1934 – 3 December 2017) was a German book publisher. He was the head publisher of Aufbau-Verlag from 1983 to 1992. In 1990, he co-founded publisher Faber & Faber with his son Michael. He was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 2007. His autobiography was published in 2014. He was born in Deesbach, Thuringia.

Faber died on 3 December 2017 in Leipzig, at the age of 83.


Dylan Moran

Dylan William Moran (born 3 November 1971) is an Irish comedian, writer, actor and filmmaker. He is best known for his roles in the British sitcom "Black Books" (2000–2004), which he also co-created, and the movies "Shaun of the Dead" (2004), "Run, Fatboy, Run" (2007) and "A Film with Me in It" (2008). He has won two BAFTA Awards for "Black Books".

Moran was born in Navan, County Meath. He is marred to Elaine. They live in Edinburgh, with their two children.


Henning Jensen

Henning Jenson (17 August 1949 – 4 December 2017) was a Danish footballer. He played as a forward. He played for German club Borussia Mönchengladbach, Spanish club Real Madrid, Dutch club Ajax and Danish club AGF Aarhus. He won seven trophies in his club career, including four league titles. He also played for the Denmark national team from 1972 to 1980, scoring nine goals in 21 games. He was born in Nørresundby.

Jensen died of a short illness on 4 December 2017, at the age of 68.


Jáchym Topol

Jáchym Topol (born 4 August 1962) is a Czech writer and journalist. He is a son of playwright Josef Topol and older brother of singer Filip Topol. In the 1980s, he was one of founders of "Revolver Revue" magazine which was published in samizdat. He is known for his debut novel "City Sister Silver" ("Sestra" in Czech) which was published in 1994. It was adaoted into the movie of the same name in 2008. He received Tom Stoppard Prize in 1988 and Jaroslav Seifert Prize in 2010.


Mutten

Mutten () was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Mutten merged into the municipality of Thusis.


Tiefencastel

Tiefencastel () was a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It was the capital of the Albula district. It is next to the Albula and Julier passes. In 2013, 254 people lived there.

On 1 January 2015, the municipalities of Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Tiefencastel, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls and Surava joined together to become the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.


Manspach

Manspach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.

St. Margrethen

St. Margrethen (Saint Margrethen/Sankt Margrethen) is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It is on the border to Austria.


Rudolf Gramlich

Rudolf "Rudi" Gramlich (6 June 1908 – 14 March 1988) was a German football player.

Ahmed Osman (politician)

Ahmed Osman (Arabic: أحمد عصمان; born January 3, 1930) is a Moroccan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Morocco between November 2, 1972, and March 22, 1979.

Osman was married to Princess Lalla Nuzha of Morocco since 1964 to 1977, a sister of King Hassan II. He is also founder of the National Rally of Independents.

Christine Keeler

Christine Margaret Keeler (22 February 1942 – 4 December 2017) was an English model and showgirl. 

At the height of the Cold War, she became sexually involved with a married government minister, John Profumo, as well as a Soviet diplomat. A shooting incident between two of her other lovers caused the press to investigate her, revealing that her affairs could be threatening national security. In the House of Commons, Profumo denied any improper conduct but later admitted that he had lied. This incident discredited the Conservative government of Harold Macmillan in 1963 in what became known as the Profumo affair.

On 5 December 2017, Keeler died at the Princess Royal University Hospital in Farnborough, London from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. She was 75.


Lateran Treaty

The Lateran Treaty was established between Benito Mussolini and the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church in the year 1929. It made Vatican City an actual country and gave it independence from the affairs of Italy. Vatican City is one of the smallest countries in the world.

Ali Amini

Ali Amini (12 September 1905 – 12 December 1992) was an Iranian politician and writer. He was the Prime Minister of Iran from 6 May 1961 to 19 July 1962.

Amini was born on 12 September 1905 in Tehran. He was a grandson of Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar  through his mother, Fakhr ol dowleh . 

In 1979, Amini moved to Paris,  France. There he headed the Front for the Liberation of Iran, a monarchist opposition group . He complained about internal struggle among the exiled Iranian monachists. He said "We're not even back in Tehran [and] they quarrel over the name of the country's future Prime Minister".

Amini died in Paris on 12 December 1992, aged 87. His body was buried in Passy Cemetery .


Christmas card

A Christmas card is a greeting card, given around Christmas. The first Christmas card was given in 1843 by Sir Henry Cole who gave the card to his friend who gave him the idea to make the card. Christmas cards usually have designs based around Christmas.

Johnny Hallyday

Jean-Philippe Léo Smet (15 June 1943 – 6 December 2017), better known by his stage name Johnny Hallyday, was a French rock and roll singer and actor. He has completed 181 tours, had 18 platinum albums and sold more than 110 million records worldwide in his lifetime. Some of his best known hits include "Retiens la nuit", "Souvenirs, souvenirs", "Le pénitencier", "Que je t'aime", "Requiem pour un fou", "Marie", "Allumer le feu", "Laura", "Je te promets", "Sang pour sang". He was sometimes called the "French Elvis Presley" though he wouldn't stick to only sing as Presley did.

Johnny Hallyday appeared in the movies "The Specialist" (1969), "Détective" (1985) and "Crime Spree" (2003). He was not very well known outside the French-speaking world.

Halliday was born in Paris. His father was from Belgium and his mother was French. He had five marriages and had four children.

Hallyday had surgery for colorectal cancer in 2009. He revealed he had lung cancer in 2017. He died on 6 December 2017 in Marnes-la-Coquette, Paris, at the age of 74.


Sheila Hancock

Sheila Cameron Hancock (born 22 February 1933) is a British actress and author. She works mostly on stage. She won a Laurence Olivier Award for "Cabaret". For her role in "Entertaining Mr Sloane" (1966) she was nominated for a Tony Award. She also had roles in "" (1980), "The Winter's Tale" (1982), "Prin" (1989) and "Sister Act" (2010). She appeared in the movie "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" (2008). 

Hancock was born in Blackgang on the Isle of Wight, England. Her first husband, Alec Ross, died from oesophageal cancer in 1971. She later married actor John Thaw in 1973. He also died from oesophageal cancer in 2002.

Hancock is a breast cancer survivor.

Rudolph G. Wilson

Rudolph G. Wilson (June 17, 1935 – December 4, 2017) was an American professor, writer, storyteller and public speaker. He was known by his students as "Papa Rudy". He was the first African American member of the Edwardsville School Board. He later became the first elected black president of the school board. In 1965, he became the first African American to teach in an all-white school

Wilson was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was married to Sandrah Lavernn Wilson. They had two sons and two daughters.

Wilson died on December 4, 2017 in Glen Carbon, Illinois, at the age of 82.

IC 418

IC 418 is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Lepus. It is about 1,100 light-years away from Earth.

Sculptor galaxy

The Sculptor galaxy, also called the silver coin galaxy, is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Sculptor. It is about 11 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 6861

NGC 6861 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation of Telescopium, discovered by James Dunlop in 1826.

Pavement light

Pavement lights are usually put into sidewalks or floors to let sunlight into a room below it. They are sometimes called vault lights or sidewalk prisms. They were much used in the late 19th and early 20th centuries when electric lighting was very expensive. Some cities are removing these lights, but others are keeping and restoring them.

Pavement lights give sunlight into the basements below it during the day, and the basement gives light to the sidewalk from below during the night. These lights are meant to make basements more useful in cities and places where space is scarce. In places with high rent, these lights may make an area look better, which helps landlords make more money. People with these lights can also save on electricity during the day, because the lights are clear like a window, where sunlight can go through.

Many years ago, pavement lights were advertised as a way of saving on electricity costs and making places look better. Today's science has proven that they were right.

Pavement lights are also used in floors with glass roofs. They could be put in a floor below another floor with more pavement lights, letting sunlight go through more than one floor. Manhole covers were also made with pavement lights.

Most old cities have pavement lights, or at least, they have had them in the past. These lights are about 100 years old. However, some new pavement lights are being made, even today.

Obi (store)

OBI GmbH & Co. Deutschland KG is a German multinational home improvement supplies retailing company. The company was founded in 1970. It is the largest DIY retailer in Europe, and the third-largest in the world, after The Home Depot and Lowe's. It is headquartered in Wermelskirchen, Germany.


Mulegns

Mulegns was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Mulegns, Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged into the new municipality of Surses.

August Ames

August Ames (born Mercedes Grabowski; August 23, 1994 – December 5, 2017) was a Canadian-American pornographic actress and model. She was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia. She appeared in almost 290 movies. She won two AVN Awards in 2015 and in 2017, and is nominated for one in 2018.

Ames was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia. She was raised in Colorado Springs, Colorado during her teenage years. In her early years, she worked as a nanny, animal-assisted aid and horseback trainer.

Her career began in November 2013, she began her career with companies: Evil Angel, Dark X, Girlfriends Films, New Sensations, Elegant Angel, Blacked, Brazzers, Sweetheart Video, Lethal Hardcore and Jules Jordan Video.

Some of her best known works were "Safe Landings", "8Oil Overload", "Don't Tell Hubby", "10 Missing", "Spandex Loads", "Dirty Talk", "Big Wet Breasts", "Naturally Delicious", "Flesh Hunter", "Raw Talent 3" and "Titty Attack 8".

On December 3, 2017, Ames sent out a tweet saying that she would never work with a man who had been in gay pornography. Ames, herself a bisexual, was criticized by people accusing her of homophobia.

On December 5, 2017, Ames was found dead at her home in Camarillo, California after hanging herself at the age of 23. Her husband confirmed her death. She suffered from depression during her final years.


Me Too movement

"Me Too" (or "#MeToo", with local alternatives in other languages) is a viral two-word hashtag used on social media in October 2017 to reject sexual assault and harassment, in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations against movie producer and executive Harvey Weinstein. 

The phrase, long used in this sense by social activist Tarana Burke, was popularized by actress Alyssa Milano, who encouraged women to tweet it to publish their experience to reject the widespread nature of misogynistic behavior. In the manosphere, some people described the Me Too movement as misandric.

Since then, millions of people have used the hashtag to come forward with their experiences, including many celebrities.

Tens of thousands of women replied to Milano's tweet, including:
Some men, such as actors Terry Crews and James Van Der Beek, have responded to the hashtag with their own experiences of harassment and abuse.

On November 16, 2017, US Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York specifically referred to "the 'Me Too' Movement" when asked about allegations of sexual misconduct by politicians such as President Donald Trump, former President Bill Clinton, Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, and Roy Moore.

The hashtag has been used in at least 85 countries.



1958 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1958 Atlantic hurricane season included every tropical cyclone either affecting or threatening land. There were ten named storms as well as one pre-season tropical depression.

Parisa Damandan

Parisa Damandan, or Parīsā Damandān Nafīsī̄ (born 1967, Esfahān, Iran) is an Iranian photographer and art historian. She is the author of Portrait photographs from Isfahan: Faces in transition, 1920-1950, a book illustrating the history of Isfahan in the early 20th century with portrait photographs, which she collected over a period of ten years; the photographs were hard to find because many photo archives in Isfahan had been burned after the enactment of a 1979 law forbidding depictions of unveiled women.


Olivier Chansou

Olivier Chansou (born 1965) is a French aerospace engineer.
Since the 27th of November 2017, he is the head of the French Civil Aviation University.

Graduate from the ENAC (IÉNAC L85) and having a Master of Science in IT, he has done different jobs in air navigation such as director of four departments of the air traffic center of Bordeaux.

Parisa (given name)

Parisā (, pronounced pə-REE-sa) is a Persian given name for girls. It means 'like a fairy'. 

The ancient Persian name "Parysatis" () is related to this name. 
"Pari" can be used as a diminutive of Parisa. Pari () (pronounced pər-REE) means "fairy" and is used as a name of its own right as well.[2] Pari does not mean angel. "Fereshteh" () is a feminine given name which actually happens to mean angel. The Pari (or Peri) in Persian mythology are described to be a race of beautiful and benevolent supernatural fairy beings, earlier regarded as malevolent. Risa (given name) can be used as a nickname also. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).




Wakaleo schouteni

Wakaleo schouteni is an extinct marsupial that once lived in Asia. It is closely related to the marsupial lion, "Thylacoleo carnifex", which lived until 30,000 years ago. "Wakaleo schouteni" is estimated to have become extinct about 19 million years ago.. It was the size of a small dog, and would have weighed about 23 kg. Scientists have estimated it is one of the oldest known members of the marsupial lion family.

The small marsupial lion has been named after wildlife artist, Peter Schouten. He has worked with paleontologists from the University of New South Wales, studying the fossils at the Riversleigh site in Queensland. They found the fossilized skull, teeth and humerus bone of the marsupial lion. At the time it lived the area would have been rainforest and it would have eaten small birds, possums and lizards.

Anusvara

Anusvara (Sanskrit: "")is the diacritic used to mark a type of nasal sound used in a number of Indic scripts. 
Depending on the location of the anusvara in the word and the language in which it is used, its exact pronunciation can vary greatly.

In the context of Sanskrit, anusvara may also refer also to the nasal sound itself.


অনুস্বার onushshar in Bengali is written as a circle above a slanted line (ং), and represents /ŋ/. It is used in the name of the Bengali language বাংলা [baŋla]. It has merged in pronunciation with the letter ঙ ungô in Bengali. Although the onushshar is a consonant in Bengali phonology, it is nevertheless treated in the written system as a diacritic in that it is always directly adjacent to the preceding consonant, even when consonants are spaced, apart in titles or banners: বাং-লা-দে-শ bang-la-de-sh, not বা-ং-লা-দে-শ ba-ng-la-de-sh for বাংলাদেশ Bangladesh It is never pronounced with the inherent vowel "ô", and it cannot take a vowel sign (instead, the consonant ঙ ungô is used pre-vocalically).

Devanagari script, anusvara is represented with a dot (bindu) above the letter (e.g. मं).

William H. Gass

William Howard Gass (July 30, 1924 – December 6, 2017) was an American novelist, critic and philosophy professor. He wrote three books, "Omensetter's Luck" (1966), "The Tunnel" (1995) and "Middle C" (2013). He also wrote three collections of short stories, a collection of novellas and seven volumes of essays. He won many awards.

Gass was born in Fargo, North Dakota. He grew up in Warren, Ohio. 

He was married to architect Mary Henderson. They had twin daughters.

Gass died on December 6, 2017 of heart failure in University City, Missouri, at the age of 93.

Ivan Korsak

Ivan Feodosiyovych Korsak (; 15 September 1946 – 7 December 2017) was a Ukrainian writer and journalist. He was best known as chief editor of the newspaper "Simya i Dim". He was also worked at newspapers such as "Radyans'ke Polissya", "Narodna trybuna" and "Literary Ukraine". He was born in Zabolottya, Volyn Oblast.

Korsak died on 7 December 2017 in Lutsk, Volyn Oblast, at the age of 71.

Philippe Maystadt

Philippe M.P.J. Maystadt (14 March 1948 – 7 December 2017) was a Belgian politician. He served as Belgium's Minister of Finance from 1988 to 1998. He was also President of the European Investment Bank from 2000 to 2011. He was born in Verviers, Liège.

He also served as a federal and regional (Walloon) parliamentarian. Besides his political activities he was a professor at the Université catholique de Louvain. 

Maystadt died of lung disease on 7 December 2017, at the age of 69.

Stephen Wiltshire

Stephen Wiltshire (born 24 April 1974) is a British architectural artist. He is known for being able to draw from memory a landscape after seeing it just once. His work has gained worldwide popularity. In 2006, he was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for services to art. He opened a gallery on the Royal Opera Arcade in London in 2007.

He is known to take helicopter trips around cities and drawing them from memory. 

Wiltshire was born in London, England. His father was from Barbados. His mother is from Saint Lucia. He has autism.

Mirza

Mirza ( or ; ) is a title and name of Persian origin. It is used as a surname or prefix to identify patriarchal lineage. 

It is derived from a historical Title role of Persian origin (Mīrzā), denoting the rank of a royal prince , high nobleman , or a military commander equivalent to a nobleman. It is usually defined in English as Prince of the blood.

Specifically, it was used as a title by and today signifies patriarchal lineage to the various Persian Empires, the Ottoman Empire, the Shirvanshahs and Circassians of the Caucasus, Mughal Empire or Muslim Rajputs of the Indian Subcontinent.[2] It was also a title bestowed upon members of the highest aristocracies in Tatar states, such as the Khanates of Kazan and Astrakhan.

The word Mīrzā is derived from the Persian term ‘Amīrzāde which literally means "Son of the Amīr" or "child of the ruler".[3] ‘Amīrzād in turn consists of the Arabic title ‘Amīr (english: Emir), meaning "commander" and "Prince", and the Persian suffix -zād, meaning "birth" or "lineage". Due to vowel harmony in Turkic languages, the alternative pronunciation Mortar (weapon) (plural morzalar; derived from the Persian word) is also used. The word Mirza means royalty in almost every old version of Persian, Arab, Caucasian, Turkish and Indian languages.

Variant spellings in English include mirzya, miriza, mirize, mirze, morsey, mursay, murse, meirsa, mirzey, mursi, murze, murza, mirza, myrza, meerza .

The titles themselves were given by the King, Sultan and Emperor (equivalent to the western Fount of honour) to their sons and grandsons, or even distant kins. Noblemen loyal to the kings also received this Title.
The title itself is derived from the title Emir. Emir, meaning "commander" or "Prince", is derived from the Semitic root "Amr", meaning "command". Originally it simply meant "commander" or "leader", usually in reference to a group of people. It came to be used as a title of governors or rulers, typically in smaller states, and usually renders the English word "Prince." The word entered English in 1595, from the French émir. It is also used in Pakistan and North India by "Muslim Rajputs".


Advent calendar

An Advent calendar is a special calendar that counts the days to Christmas through the month of December. Most of them start on the first day of December, but sometimes they include the last few days of November because of the Christian advent. The advent calendar was used first by German Lutherans from 1800 to 1900, but now many Christians use them.

Advent calendars have pictures on them that show either the Christian nativity scene, Santa Claus, or a winter landscape. However, there are also many different looks, such as sports or technology. They can either be made of paper, wood or fabric.

Many Advent calendars and large cards shaped like a rectangle, with little "windows" that can be opened. There are usually 24 windows on a card, one for each day from December 1 to the day before Christmas. Each window has a number, and you open one each day. For example, on December 16, you would open the window with a '16' on it. There are sometimes pictures, poems, or even chocolate behind each window. Other calendars have Bible verses or a prayer behind the windows, which Christians use to celebrate their Advent as part of their religion. Advent calendars can also have puzzles or games behind the windows.

There are many different kinds of Advent calendars. Some are made online on social media, and some towns have made living advent calendars.


Edward Fox

Edward Charles Morice Fox (born 13 April 1937) is an English actor. His brother is actor James Fox.

Fox played the part of the professional assassin, known only as the "Jackal", who is hired to assassinate the French President Charles de Gaulle in the summer of 1963, in the movie "The Day of the Jackal" (1973). He played Edward VIII in the British television drama series "Edward & Mrs. Simpson" (1978).

Chop Suey!

"Chop Suey!" is the first single off of American rock band System of a Down's second studio album "Toxicity". The song was released on August 13, 2001.

The song was able to make it to #7 on the Alternative Airplay, #12 on the Mainstream Rock, and #76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Platinum by both the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana (FIMI) and British Phonographic Industry (BPI). It was also certified 5× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 44th Grammy Awards but lost to Tool's "Schism". The song has over 1 billion streams on Spotify.

During an interview, guitarist Daron Malakian explained the meaning of the song: "The song is about how we are regarded differently depending on how we pass. Everyone deserves to die. Like, if I were now to die from drug abuse, they might say I deserved it because I abused dangerous drugs. Hence the line, 'I cry when angels deserve to die.'"

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Marcos Siega. In the video, the band plays in from of a crowd in the parking lot of a motel. Serj is also seen eating chop suey while sitting with fans. Different editing techniques are used in the video to make it look like the band members are going through each other when performing. The music video has over one billion views on YouTube.

Rapper Lil Uzi Vert covered the song for their third studio album "Pink Tape". The cover got mixed reviews but Serj said he approved of it.

Ciara (album)

Ciara is the self-titled fifth studio album by American singer Ciara, which was released on July 9, 2013. The album is Ciara's first release under Epic Records, since publicly asking Jive Records to release her from her recording contract. For the album, Ciara worked with L.A. Reid, who discovered Ciara and signed her to LaFace Records in 2003. Musically, "Ciara" features a mix of Southern hip hop, dance and R&B and features guest collaborations from American rappers Future, Nicki Minaj, B.o.B and Rick Ross.

"Ciara" received generally positive reviews from critics.


Four limited editions of the album featuring branded merchandise were available from Ciara's official artist store.
Credits for "Ciara" adapted from Allmusic.

Catherine Tate

Catherine Tate (born Catherine Jane Ford; 5 December 1969 in London) is an English actress, comedian and writer. She is best known for playing Nellie Bertram in the American sitcom "The Office". From 2004 to 2007, she hosted a skit comedy show titled "The Catherine Tate Show".
Tate also played Donna Noble in the BBC One sci-fi series "Doctor Who".

The Blue Marble

The Blue Marble is a photograph of the Earth. It was made on December 2, 1972, by the crew of the Apollo 17 spacecraft. At that time they were on their way to the Moon at a distance of about from the Earth. It is one of the most reproduced images in human history.


Cherkasy Oblast

Cherkasy Oblast () is an oblast (province) of central Ukraine. The administrative centre is Cherkasy. The population of Cherkasy Oblast was 1,264,000 in 2013.

Chernihiv Oblast

Chernihiv Oblast () is an oblast (province) of northern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Chernihiv. The population of Chernihiv Oblast was 1,061,000 in 2014.

Chernivtsi Oblast

Chernivtsi Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The administrative centre is Chernivtsi. The population of Chernivtsi Oblast was 908,500 in 2013.

Dnipropetrovsk Oblast

Dnipropetrovsk Oblast () is an oblast (province) of central Ukraine. The administrative centre is Dnipro. The population of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast was 3,286,000 in 2014.

Donetsk Oblast

Donetsk Oblast () is an oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Donetsk. The population of Donetsk Oblast was 4,100,280 in January 1st, 2021.

The Donetsk Front is a front line. It is part of the Southern Front. Some of the settlements near the front (or on the front), are 


Before 1961 it has name of Stalino oblast. After fighting in the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022, Russia Annexed Donetsk and other places. 



Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast

Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The administrative centre is Ivano-Frankivsk. The population of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast was 1,382,000 in 2013.

Kharkiv Oblast

Kharkiv Oblast () is an oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Kharkiv. The population of Kharkiv Oblast was 2,738,300 in 2013.

Time in Greece

Greece uses Eastern European Time (EET) (UTC+02:00) during winter, and Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) (UTC+03:00) during summer. Greece observes daylight saving time, switching at 03:00 EET on the last Sunday in March and 04:00 EET on the last Sunday in October.

Kherson Oblast

Kherson Oblast () is an oblast (province) of southern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Kherson.

Parts of the province are occupied by Russian soldiers (as of 2023).

During 2022, Russia invaded much of Kherson Oblast (see 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine); Ukraine lost control of the city of Kherson, from March to November 2022, because of the Battle of Kherson ended on March 2. On November 11, 2022, Ukraine again took control of the city of Kherson. As of 2023's fourth quarter, Russia is still in control of large parts (of Kherson Oblast) on the East side of the Dniepr river.

Beryslav raion

Henichesk raion

Kakhovka raion


Skadovsk raion

Khmelnytskyi Oblast

Khmelnytskyi Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The administrative centre is Khmelnytskyi. The population of Khmelnytskyi Oblast was 1,310,000 in 2013.

Kyiv Oblast

Kyiv Oblast (also known as Kiev Oblast) (, is an oblast (province) of central Ukraine. The administrative centre is Kyiv. The population of Kyiv Oblast was 1,723,000 in 2013.

Economy: A rocket factory owned by Ukroboronprom (a company owned by the government) was damaged in April 2022 during the Russian-Ukraine war.

Lilac Fire

The Lilac Fire was a wildfire that burned in Bonsall, California. The fire burned through 4,100 acres. The fire threatened the cities of Oceanside, Vista and Bonsall.

The fire was first reported on 7 December 2017 at 11:15 AM PST.

Governor Jerry Brown issued a state of emergency for San Diego County. California State University San Marcos and Palomar College cancelled classes and were closed for the rest of the week.

On 16 December, the fire was fully contained.

The fire was part of the December 2017 Southern California wildfires.

Alamo Fire (2017)

The Alamo Fire was a wildfire in San Luis Obispo County, California. The fire started on July 6, 2017 at 3:44 PM and destroyed 28,687 acres. The fire was near the Twitchell Reservoir. It was fully contained on 19 July 2017. The fire destroyed one house and one structure. The cause is still being investigated.

Detwiler Fire

The Detwiler Fire was a wildfire in Mariposa County, California. The fire burned 81,826 acres, and was one of the worst wildfires in the 2017 California wildfire season. The fire also destroyed 63 homes.

The fire was first reported on 16 July 2017 at 3:56 PM PST, and was located near Lake McClure. After 3 hours, the fire already burned 1,000 acres and it spread towards the northeast. On 17 July 2017, the fire grew to 7,100 acres. The intense heat and windy conditions made it hard to contain the fire. Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency on 18 July 2017. The Yosemite National Park remained open, but some access roads were closed.

On 21 July, the fire was 15% contained but burned through 74,083 acres. By that point, 58 homes were destroyed. In the next few days, the fire department helped control a big portion of the fire. On 26 July, the fire was 65% contained. The fire finally ended on 10 August, after 25 days of burning.

The fire was caused by firearms, but no more information was released to the public.

Wikipedia administrators

Wikipedia administrators are senior, trusted volunteers who have been selected by the Wikipedia community. They are also known as admins, sysops, and janitors. Administrators are chosen after a successful request for adminship. As of 2024, there are administrators on the Simple English Wikipedia. Administrators have special rights that other editors do not have.

On Wikipedia, becoming an admin is often referred to as being "given [or taking up] the mop", a term which has also been used elsewhere. 

In his book "Wikipedia – The Missing Manual", John Broughton states that while many people think of administrators on Wikipedia as judges, that is not the purpose of the role. Instead, he says, admins usually "delete pages" and "protect pages involved in edit wars".

In 2006, there were about 1,000 administrators on the English Wikipedia, and in 2020 about 1,100. These administrators live in different parts of the world. 

In July 2012, it was reported that Wikipedia was "running out of administrators". This was because in 2006-2007 an average of 40-50 new administrators were selected. In the first six months of 2012 only 9 new administrators were selected. But the co-founder of Wikipedia, Jimmy Wales, did not believe that this was a serious problem. He also did not believe Wikipedia was running out of admins. In fact, he thought the number of admins did not change much. Wales said earlier that being an admin is "not a big deal”. He also said that "It's merely a technical matter that the powers given to sysops are not given out to everyone.” He said this in a message he sent to the English Wikipedia mailing list on February 11, 2003. 

The first Wikipedia administrators were selected by Jimmy Wales himself in October 2001. Any registered editor may nominate themselves, or may request another editor to do so. The process has been said to be "akin to putting someone through the Supreme Court" by Andrew Lih, a scientist and professor who is himself an administrator on the English Wikipedia. Lih also said, "It's pretty much a hazing ritual at this point", in contrast to how the process worked early in Wikipedia's history, when all one had to do to become an admin was "prove you weren't a bozo". Editors can become candidates only after "extensive work on the wiki". Any editor can vote in an RfA. The result of the vote is not by the number of votes for or against, but by the agreement that has been reached. The decision if an agreement has been reached can be made only by a bureaucrat. A bureaucrat is a Wikipedia editor who is also selected by the community through a "request" process which is much stricter for them than for administrators. This RfA process was started after RfAs attracted a lot of attention. Before the middle of 2005, RfAs did not attract a lot of attention. But then RfAs started attracting groups of editors who all supported one another.

When an editor becomes an admin, they are given abilities to perform certain duties. Admins can do messy cleanup work more easily than other editors. They can delete articles. They can also protect pages, which means they can restrict editing rights to that page. Admins can block the accounts of disruptive users. When an admin blocks a user they must do so according to Wikipedia's policies. One of the policies is that a reason must be given for the block. The reason for the block is permanently logged by the software. Admins are not supposed to block other editors just to have an advantage against the blocked editor when the admin is doing editing work.

A scientific paper by researchers from Virginia Tech and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute found that after editors are promoted to administrator status, they often focus more on articles about controversial topics than they did before. The researchers also proposed an different method for choosing administrators, in which more weight is given to the votes of experienced editors. Another paper, presented at the 2008 Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, analyzed data from all 1,551 requests for adminship from January 2006 to October 2007 to find out which (if any) of the criteria recommended in Wikipedia's "Guide to requests for adminship" page were the best predictors of whether the user in question would actually become an admin. In December 2013, a similar study was published by researchers from the Polish-Japanese Institute of Information Technology in Warsaw which aimed to model the results of requests for adminship on the Polish Wikipedia using a model taken from Wikipedia's edit history. They found that they could "classify the votes in the RfA procedures using this model with an accuracy level that should be good enough to recommend candidates."


Stierva

Stierva was a municipality of the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Tiefencastel, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls and Surava merged to form the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.

Surava

Surava was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Tiefencastel, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls and Surava merged to form the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.

Israel Standard Time

Israel Standard Time (IST) is a time zone that is observed in Israel during winter time. IST is 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC+02:00). During daylight saving time (DST), it observes Israel Daylight Time (IDT).

Time in Germany

The time zone in Germany uses Central European Time ("Mitteleuropäische Zeit", "MEZ"; ) and Central European Summer Time ("Mitteleuropäische Sommerzeit", "MESZ"; ). Daylight saving time (DST) is observed from the last Sunday in March (02:00 CET) to the last Sunday in October (03:00 CEST).

Vals

Vals is the word for waltz in many European languages.

Vals may also refer to:

Alofi

Alofi is the capital city of the island nation of Niue in the Pacific Ocean.

In 2014, 1,000 people lived there.

Karl Hohmann

Karl Hohmann (18 June 1908 in Düsseldorf – 31 March 1974 in Benrath) was a German football player.

Inanna

Inanna is the goddess of love, war, and fertility. She was also closely associated with feminine beauty, sex (and sexual desire), and political power in Sumerian mythology; she is more commonly known as "Ishtar" , the name under which she was worshipped by the Akkadians, Babylonians, and Assyrians. Known as the "Queen of Heaven", Innana was one of the most popular deities in Sumerian religion, with the city of Uruk being the center of her cult. Her symbols included the lion, dove and the eight-pointed star.

Ivo Frosio

Ivo Frosio (born 27 April 1930) is a Swiss football player. He also played for Grasshopper Club Zürich and FC Lugano.


Guillaume Bieganski

Guillaume Bieganski (3 November 1932 – 8 October 2016) was a French football player.

Bieganski died on 8 October 2016 at the age of 83.

Masevaux

Masevaux is a former commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Masevaux-Niederbruck.

Male breast cancer

Male breast cancer (male breast neoplasm) is a rare cancer in males that originates from the breast. Many males with breast cancer have got it through a "BRCA" mutation, but there are other causes, including alcohol abuse and exposure to certain hormones and ionizing radiation. The optimal treatment is currently not known.

In addition to TNM staging surgical staging for breast cancer is used; it is the same as in female breast cancer and facilitates treatment and analysis.

Stage I is an invasive breast cancer with the tumor not exceeding 2 cm and absence of lymph node involvement.

Stage II includes stages IIA and IIB.

Roland Taylor

Roland Morris "Fatty" Taylor (March 13, 1946 – December 7, 2017) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He played for the Virginia Squires from 1969 through 1974 and again from 1975 through 1976. He also played for the Denver Nuggets from 1974 through 1975 and again from 1976 through 1977.

Taylor died on December 7, 2017 at the age of 71 from male breast cancer in Denver, Colorado.


Vladimir Curbet

Vladimir Curbet (5 December 1930 – 8 December 2017) was a Moldovan choreographer. From 1957 until his death in late 2017, he was the 13th director of the Moldovan national folk dance ensemble Joc. He was born in Susleni, Orhei. He was awarded People's Artist of the USSR in 1981.

Curbet died on 8 December 2017, 3 days after his 87th birthday in Chișinău, Moldova.

The Facts of Life

The Facts of Life is an American comedy-drama television series. The series ran from August 24, 1979 until May 7, 1988. It was one of the longest-running television sitcoms of the 1980s. It is set in a private boarding school in upstate New York.

Molly Ringwald played Molly Parker. Mindy Cohn played Natalie Green. Cloris Leachman played Beverly Ann Stickle. Kim Fields played Tootie. Charlotte Rae played Edna.

The show dealt with topics and subjects including cerebral palsy, eating disorders, college and loss of virginity.

"The Facts of Life" was released on DVD in the 2000s and 2010s.

The show was low rated at first. But in later seasons, starting from 1980, "The Facts of Life" had higher ratings between then and 1988.







George Frederick Addison

George Frederick Addison (1889-1954) was an Australian architect, who designed many heritage listed buildings in Brisbane, Queensland. 

George Frederick Addison was born October 10, 1889 in Brisbane, Queensland to architect George Henry Male Addison and his wife, Emily Maude. 

He studied at the Brisbane Central Technical College.

Addison enlisted in the Australian Infantry Force in 1914, serving at Gallipoli during the First World War where he was wounded. He also served in Egypt and France.

Addison entered into practice with his father in 1919 as G H M Addison and Son. It is probable he completed the drawings begun by his father for the Bulimba and Hawthorn ferry terminals.

He entered a partnership with H.S. MacDonald from 1928-1946. Their combined works included-


President of the Johnsonian Club 1938-1939

Director, Castlemaine Perkins

Addison married Miriam Urquhart in 1921.

Addison died December 10, 1954 and was survived by his wife, and son Peter George Addison.

Bikol languages

Bikol languages are a group of language spoken by people in the Bicol region on southeastern Luzon in the Philippines. They was highly affected by the Spanish language. They are spoken mostly on the Bicol Peninsula of the island of Luzon, parts of Catanduanes and Burias Islands and Masbate province. There are similar to the Visayan languages. The two together are called the Bisacol languages. Central Bicol or Bicol-Naga is the most spoken language in the Bicol region. It is spoken in the northern and western part of Camarines Sur, second congressional district of Camarines Norte, eastern part of Albay, northeastern part of Sorsogon, San Pascual town of Masbate and southwestern part of Catanduanes. Central Bicol speakers can be found in all the provinces in Bicol, It is a majority language in Camarines Sur.

Arthrostylidium distichum

Arthrostylidium distichum is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family.

"Arthrostylidium distichum" native to Central America, the West Indies, northern South America, and southern Mexico.

Arauca Department

Arauca Department () is a department in the eastern Colombia. It is next to Venezuela. The capital is Arauca

These seven municipalities are in the department:

Atlántico Department

Atlántico is a department on the northern coast of Colombia. It is bordered to the north by the Caribbean Sea, to the west and south by Bolívar (separated by the Canal del Dique), and to the east by Magdalena (separated by the Magdalena River). Its capital city is Barranquilla.

Atlántico is the most urbanized department in Colombia, as 9 out of 10 people there live in urban areas.

These municipalities are in the department:

Bolívar Department

Bolívar Department is a department in north Colombia. The capital is Cartagena.

The flag of the department looks like the flag of Lithuania.

Caldas Department

Caldas Department is a department of Colombia. It is named after Colombian patriotic figure Francisco José de Caldas. The capital is Manizales. In 2013, 984,128 people lived there.

These municipalities are in the department:


Caquetá Department

Caquetá Department is a department in the southern Colombia in the Amazonas region. Caquetá is next to the departments of Cauca and Huila to the west, the department of Meta to the north, the department of Guaviare to the northeast, the department of Vaupés to the east, the departments of Amazonas and Putumayo to the south. Its area is 88,965 km². The capital is the city of Florencia. In 2013, 465,477 people lived there.

These municipalities are in the department:


Casanare Department

Casanare Department is a department in the central eastern region of Colombia. The capital is Yopal.

These municipalities are in the department:


Time in Sweden

Sweden uses Central European Time (CET) which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (). Sweden has not observed summer time since 1916.

Albula/Alvra

Albula/Alvra is a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015, the municipalities of Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Tiefencastel, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls and Surava joined and became the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.


Vaz/Obervaz

Vaz/Obervaz is a municipality of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Lenzerheide, Valbella, Lain, Muldain, Zorten, Nivaigl, Fuso, Trantermoira, Sporz, Tgantieni, Sartons, Creusen, and Obersolis.


Lenzerheide

Lenzerheide () is a ski resort in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It is below Parpaner Rothorn. It is in the municipality of Vaz/Obervaz.

Lenzerheide is popular as skiing resort and for its lake (Heidsee) that is frozen in winter.

At the end of 2013 the Lenzerheide ski resort was linked with Arosa by cable-car, creating the new ski resort of Arosa Lenzerheide.


Riom-Parsonz

Riom-Parsonz was a municipality of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the municipalities of Riom-Parsonz,
Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged into the new municipality of Surses.

Sur, Switzerland

Sur () was a municipality, in the new municipality of Surses and the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Mertzen

Mertzen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. It is 10 km southwest of Altkirch and 22 km southeast of Belfort.



Merxheim, Haut-Rhin

Merxheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2014, 1,278 people lived there. They are called "Merxheimois".



Landser

Landser can mean:

Merxheim

Merxheim can mean:

Cool colors

Cool colours or Cool colors are colours that give off a cold and clear vibe. These can include colours such as blue, white, and green. Cool colours are sharp and not usually pastel or soft. Cool Colur for blue can be slate, sky, ocean and teal.

Israel Daylight Time

Israel Daylight Time (IDT; ) is a time zone used in Israel during daylight saving time. It is 3 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC+03:00). Daylight saving time is observed in Israel from the last Friday in March and ends on the last Sunday in October.

Time in Namibia

Namibia uses Central Africa Time (CAT) (UTC+02:00) year-round since September 2017.From 1994 until 2017, the country used West Africa Time (WAT) (UTC+01:00) during winter and West Africa Summer Time (WAST) (UTC+02:00) during daylight saving time. Namibia introduced a new bill on February 23, 2017, to get rid of time changes in the country.The bill went into effect on September 3, 2017.

Joe Newton

Joe Newton (1929 – December 9, 2017) was an American high school cross country and track coach. He was a coach at York High School in Elmhurst, Illinois. He coached for over fifty years. He won 28 Illinois state cross country titles and one track state title. A documentary, "The Long Green Line", about his life and career was made.

Newton died on December 9, 2017, at the age of 88.

Ian Erix

Ian Erix, is an American pop singer, songwriter, TV presenter, and social media personality. In 2013, he was signed to Ultra Music and Sony Entertainment. 

Erix was raised on Long Island, New York. He began performing professionally as a DJ/Emcee at age nine and signed his first management and recording contract as a pop singer at the age of 14 with Louis J. Pearlman, the boyband mogul behind Orlando based Transcontinental Records. Pearlman was later arrested for embezzling 300 million dollars in one of the largest ponzi schemes in US history and also stood accused of molesting several members of the famous groups he managed.

After Pearlman's downfall, Erix signed a record deal with I.D Music in Denmark and Warner/Chappell Music Scandinavia. His early musical efforts with that label found popularity on MySpace which led to an online TV series with the social network called Journey Of A Rock Star. Songs from his album "For Conformity" amassed millions of online streams and received airplay on international media networks such as MTV Japan and MNET South Africa before landing Ian's single, "Confessions Of A Killer" in the top 10 in Asia.

In 2010, Erix entered into a deal with Universal Music Group in Germany but his album release was held up for years when the record company began restructuring and his former A&R and manager, Nik Hafemann, left the label to become a judge on a German reality TV series. During this time, Erix continued to cultivate his presence online and released demo versions of new songs he had been working on such as "Squeaky Clean", a pop-punk satire of Disney Channel stars, as well as "So Scene, So See Through (A Song For Mutts)" which ultimately inspired the name of Erix's fandom and social justice movement, the "Mutt Army". Amidst it's online popularity, Ian was invited to perform the song on MTV UK in a special live session that was recorded for the network in their London studio. Another single from that period, "The Human Race" was featured in Season 3 Episode 19 of the popular TV show 90210 on The CW network in the USA and worldwide on Netflix.
In 2012, Erix begain to appear as a performer and television presenter in numerous countries around the globe at festivals such as Tomorrowland in Belgium and Ultra Music Festival Europe. He began experimenting with more electronic, dance, and pop sounds and had a major breakthrough in 2012 when he played his single, "Sex, Dance and Rock & Roll (Lose It)" onstage at Réveillon, a live New Year's Eve concert in Brazil with David Guetta that had an in-person audience of 2+ million people. Ian was later signed to Ultra Music and since that time he has continued to tour extensively, visiting over 60 countries worldwide. 

In 2014, Ian recorded "Shangri-la" (also known as "Rannalle"), a song he wrote with Finnish boy band TCT and producer Erik Nyholm. The Scandinavian version of the song was nominated for the biggest hit of summer 2014 by radio station The Voice. The song was originally ranked second but it eventually won the vote to be named "Best Song of the Summer". The track climbed to the top of the single charts for several consecutive weeks reaching number 3 on national radio charts. Overall, the song was the fourth most played radio song in Finland in 2014 and on 24 July 2014, it was announced to have sold enough copies to be awarded gold record status. In 2015, Erix released the English language version of "Shangri-La". Ian's video premiered on Vevo in Spring 2015 and features Erix in the hedonistic European party resort of Sunny Beach, Bulgaria. On July 10, 2015, in response to Ian's video, The Guardian, one of the UK's largest newspapers, reported that "music is over because Ian Erix has spoiled it for everyone."
In 2016, Erix released an EP called "Graffiti On My Heart" along with a 4 part music video film linking together his singles "Horse Of A Different Color, "Time Machine", "Out From Under" and "Tomahawk". Each song tells a different story, ranging from pain and loss and a fractured spirit to rebellion, anti-conformity and overcoming adversity. The video series was based on Ian's personal life experiences as a survivor of childhood abuse and the aftermath of the tragic 2013 deaths of both his dad and grandfather, which have been alleged as homicides. 

In 2017, Ian linked up with British boyband Union J to play 17 dates across the UK throughout the month of February He previewed new material from his forthcoming album on that tour and announced his new LP would likely be called "Renegade". After his final date in the UK, Erix embarked on another promo tour that took him to South East Asia, Australia, New Zealand and Europe. In the Philippines he appeared on MTV Asia with fellow pop artist Austin Mahone. He presented and performed at the red carpet pre-show at Justin Bieber's "Purpose Tour" in Mumbai, India on May 10th, 2017.

On his 2017 tour stops, Erix began promoting his latest single, "Footprints In The Sand", an EDM based pop track with lyrics about living life to the fullest which he wrote during a song writing session in Finland. The song began to grow in popularity in several countries throughout the summer months. It broke into the Top 100 on national Japanese pop radio in July 2017 and remained in top 20 on dance radio in Japan throughout the summer, peaking at #5 during the week of August 25th. A David Guetta mashup version of the song was released in Europe and Asia in August. Ian's original version of "Footprints In The Sand" went on to land at #37 on iTunes sales charts in Scandinavia and later claimed #1 chart positions on Spotify in Czech Republic and Latvia. The song cracked the Top 40 national sales and radio charts in Bulgaria peaking at #29. While Ian was on tour in Europe, the song impacted the streaming charts on Spotify in Greece, Cyprus, Iceland, Latvia, Poland, Lithuania and Portugal peaking at # 5 in Cyprus In the United States, the song received airplay on several Top 40 Mediabase, iHeart Radio and Sirius XM Satellite Radio stations. It was voted top new song for 4 weeks in a row on Kiss FM in Memphis landing Ian a permanent spot in the Hall Of Fame as a favorite "newbie" artist for that iHeart radio station.

On the last week of 2017, Erix appeared in the United Arab Emirates as a celebrity ambassador at several events with pop stars such as Katy Perry, Akon and Hardwell to present the Red Diamond Award to the city of Dubai for the World's Greatest New Year's Eve Celebration. Erix's song, "Footprints In The Sand", was named the official theme for New Year's 2018 in that region.


Yılmaz Erdoğan

Yılmaz Erdoğan (born 4 November 1967 in Hakkâri, Turkey) is a Turkish actor and filmmaker. He is most famous for the movie "Vizontele" and the television series Bir Demet Tiyatro in Turkey. He has also won the Australian film award for Best Supporting Actor.


Dan Harmon

Daniel "Dan" Harmon (born January 3, 1973) is an American writer, producer and voice actor. He is best known for creating the NBC comedy series "Community" (2009–2015). He also co-created the animated Adult Swim sitcom "Rick and Morty" (2013–present) with Justin Roiland. He voices the character Bird Person on "Rick and Morty".

Harmon was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was married to Erin McGathy from 2014 to 2015.


Atsutoshi Nishida

Nishida died of a heart attack in Tokyo on 8 December 2017. He was 73.

Santo Monti

Santo Monti (1855 - June 4, 1923) was an Italian priest and historian.

Monti was born in Como. He studied for the Catholic priesthood at the Villoresi di Monza seminary. He was ordained as a priest in 1879. The Bishop of Como encouraged Monti to study theology in Rome. Monti received his degree in theology in 1880. His first job as a priest was in Urio, a small town in Province of Como. Then he was a priest at the church of San Giorgio in Como until 1881. After 1881 he was the chaplain of the church's cemetery.

He was very active in the cultural life of Como. In 1888 he became vice-president of the Como Historical Society. In 1906 he became the president of the society. He served as the president until he died in 1923. He was also the curator of the Civic Museum of Como and a member of the Provincial Commission for the Conservation of Monuments. Monti died in Como.

What If (movie)

What If is a 2014 romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Michael Dowse. The movie stars Daniel Radcliffe and Zoe Kazan.

Maurice Green

Maurice Green (May 5, 1926 – December 5, 2017) was an American virologist. His research career spanned more than 60 years. He was thought as a pioneer in the study of animal viruses, in particular their role in cancer. Green founded the Institute of Molecular Virology at St. Louis University School of Medicine in the late 1950s, and served as its Chairman until his death in 2017. He was born in New York City.

Green died in St. Louis, Missouri on December 5, 2017 of natural causes at the age of 91.

Louis Henri de Pardaillan de Gondrin

Louis Henri de Pardaillan, Marquis of Montespan (1640 – 1 December 1691) was a French nobleman and Marquis an the husband of Françoise de Rochechouart. He was also a knight of honour" to Elisabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate, "Madame" Louis Henri's only son Louis Antoine would be created a duke. Louis Henri's title was a subsidiary one of his father's. 

In February 1663 he married Françoise de Rochechouart, "Mademoiselle de Mortemart" They would have two children together. 


Booza

Booza (, also called: Arabic ice cream) is an ice cream that is dense and elastic. It is made with "sahlab (Arabic: سَحْلَب) or salep" with mastic, and its texture allows it to hold shapes and causes it to melt more slowly. this type is most common in the Eastern Mediteranean. There are ice cream sellers who show tourists where they grind the "mastic resin" with a mortar and pestle while singing and playing. The preparation of the ice cream is a real art when the sellers prepare ice cream in deep containers and when the texture becomes hard preparation is done with big Mortar made of wood while drumming and playing on the ice cream until the ice cream is ready



Jacques Simon

Jacques "Jacky" Simon (25 March 1941 – 5 December 2017) was a French football player. He was born in Omonville-la-Rogue, France.

He was part of France national football team at the FIFA World Cup 1966.

Simon died on 5 December 2017 at the age of 76.

Tinizong-Rona

Tinizong-Rona was a municipality in the Albula district in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It was formed in 1998 from the villages of "Tinizong" and "Rona". The local administration was in Tinizong.

Since 2016, became a part of the new Surses municipality.

Salouf

Salouf was a municipality, in the new municipality of Surses and the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Surses

Sursés (Romansh, ) is a valley region () and new municipality of the district Albula of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged to form the new municipality of Surses.


Sunny Murray

James Marcellus Arthur "Sunny" Murray (September 21, 1936 – December 8, 2017) was an American jazz drummer. He was one of the pioneers of the free jazz style of drumming. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He later recorded under his own name for ESP-Disk and then when he moved to Europe for BYG Actuel.

Murray died on December 8, 2017 from unspecified causes at the age of 81.


Rapperswil-Jona

Rapperswil-Jona (short: Rappi) is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It is at the east side of Lake Zurich ("Zürichsee"). As of December 2016, 26,962 people lived there.

On 1 January 2007, the municipalities Rapperswil and Jona joined together to become the new municipality of Rapperswil-Jona.


James Joseph Brady

James Joseph Brady (February 29, 1944 – December 9, 2017) was an American lawyer. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He served as the District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana from 2000 until his death in 2017. He was appointed by President Bill Clinton. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Brady was active at the time of his death and had been scheduled to preside over a case of an individual charged with attempting to steal President Donald Trump's tax returns, with jury selection scheduled to begin just two days after his death. 

Brady died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on December 9, 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 73.


Metzeral

Metzeral is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Meyenheim

Meyenheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lando Fiorini

Lando Fiorini (born Leopoldo Fiorini; 27 January 1938 – 9 December 2017) was an Italian actor and singer. He was known for having sung songs from Rome in Italian and Romanesco. His cabaret show "Ma ‘ndo vai se il decoder non-ce l’hai" satirized Italian television.

Fiorini died in Rome, Italy on 9 December 2017 of mesothelioma at the age of 79.

Michelbach-le-Bas

Michelbach-le-Bas is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Michelbach-le-Haut

Michelbach-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Mittelwihr

Mittelwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Manno Charlemagne

Manno (Emmanuel) Charlemagne (1948 – 10 December 2017) was a Haitian political folk singer-songwriter and acoustic guitarist, political activist and politician. He was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. He lived abroad in exile twice, both during the 1980s and again during the years 1991-1994, when the country was ruled by a military "junta" led by Raoul Cédras.

Charlemagne took up guitar and singing at the age of 16 and by 1968 formed a band named "Les Remarquables." He later started a twoubadou band named "Les Trouvères" with Marco Jeanty.

In 1995, Charlemagne was elected mayor of Port-au-Prince after running as an independent candidate. He served as mayor until 1999.

Charlemagne died in Miami Beach, Florida of laryngeal cancer on 10 December 2017 at the age of 69.

Antonio Riboldi

Antonio Riboldi, I.C. (16 January 1923 – 10 December 2017) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Triuggio, Italy.

Riboldi was ordained a priest on 29 June 1951 from the religious order of the Institute of Charity. Riboldi was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Acerra on 25 January 1978 and ordained on 11 March 1978. Riboldi retired from the diocese of Acerra on 7 December 1999.

Riboldi died on 10 December 2017 at his home in Stresa, Italy of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 94.


History of Uruguay

The history of Uruguay has four different periods. They were the pre-Columbian time, the colonial period, building up the country, and as an independent country.

Humans have lived in Uruguay for over 100 000 years. When the Europeans came, the native people began dying because of the diseases brought over by the Europeans. They also fought with the Europeans a lot, so many of them died during that time.

Simeon Booker

Simeon Booker (August 27, 1918 – December 10, 2017) was an African-American journalist. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland, but was raised in Youngstown, Ohio. His work appeared in leading news publications for more than 50 years. He was known for his journalistic works during the Civil Rights Movement and for his his coverage of the 1955 murder of 14-year-old Emmett Till. 

Booker worked for "The Washington Post", "Jet" and "Ebony". In February 2017, 17 Congressmembers introduced a bipartisan bill nominating Booker for a Congressional Gold Medal.

Booker died on December 10, 2017 at an assisted-living community in Solomons, Maryland from pneumonia-related complications, at the age of 99. He was survived by his wife Carol and their son Teddy.

Volodymyr Groysman

Volodymyr Borysovych Groysman (; born January 20, 1978) is a Ukrainian politician. He became the Prime Minister of Ukraine on 14 April 2016. He is of Jewish descent.

Les Whitten

Leslie Hunter "Les" Whitten Jr. (February 21, 1928 – December 1, 2017) was an American investigative reporter. He was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He worked at the "Washington Merry-Go-Round" under Jack Anderson, as well as novelist and translator of French poetry Baudelaire. He was arrested by the FBI and was spied on by the CIA during his career.

Whitten died in Adelphi, Maryland of sepsis on December 1, 2017 at the age of 89.

Time in Ethiopia

Ethiopia uses East Africa Time (EAT) (UTC+03:00) and has never observed daylight saving time.

2016–17 South America floods

Heavy rain caused flooding in Ecuador and Peru from December 2016 to May 2017. It killed 113 people and left 18 people missing. Many roads were destroyed. Dramatic rescues went online, including a woman being rescued from a mudslide and another showing a mudslide hitting a village.

Viktor Potapov

Viktor Yakovlevich Potapov (; 29 March 1947 — 10 December 2017) was a Russian sailor. He was born in Dolgoprudny, Russia. He won a bronze medal in the "Finn class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Potapov died in Dolgoprudny on 10 December 2017 at the age of 70.


2026 Winter Olympics

The 2026 Winter Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXV Olympiad, is a future international athletic event that will happen in Milan and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. 
2026 Winter Olympics at 134th IOC Session on 23 June 2019 in Lusanne, Swizterland.

2026 Host City: 


Baked beans

Baked beans is a dish made of beans, sometimes baked but, despite the name, usually stewed, in a sauce. 

Most commercially canned baked beans are made from haricot beans, also known as navy beans (a variety of "Phaseolus vulgaris") in a sauce. 

In Ireland and the United Kingdom, a tomato sauce is most commonly used, and they are commonly eaten on toasted white bread or as part of a full English, Scottish, or Irish Breakfast. Some Americans have been known to dislike the dish.

Beans on Toast

Beans on toast can mean:


Jack Welch

John Francis "Jack" Welch Jr. (November 19, 1935 – March 1, 2020) was an American retired business executive, author, and chemical engineer. He was chairman and CEO of General Electric between 1981 and 2001.

In 2006, Welch's net worth was estimated at $720 million. When he retired from GE he received a severance payment of $417 million, the largest such payment in history.

Welch died on March 1, 2020 of renal failure at his home in Manhattan at the age of 84.

Peabody, Massachusetts

Peabody is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 54,481. Peabody is located in the North Shore region of Massachusetts.

Severance package

A severance package is pay and benefits employees receive when they leave employment at a company. In addition to their remaining regular pay, it may include some of the following:


Packages are most typically offered for employees who are laid off or retire. Sometimes, they may be offered for those who either resign, regardless of the circumstances, or are fired. 

Policies for severance packages are often found in a company's employee handbook, and in many countries, they are subject to strict government regulation. 

Cheese curd

Cheese curds, in cuisine or cooking, are the solid pieces of curdled milk either eaten alone as a snack, or used in many regional dishes. These are chiefly found in Quebec, Canada in the dish poutine (made of french fries topped with cheese curds and gravy), and in the northeastern and midwestern United States. Curds are sometimes referred to as "squeaky cheese".

Cottage cheese

Cottage cheese is a fresh cheese curd product with a mild flavor. Curd size is the size of the chunks in the cottage cheese. The types of cottage cheese are made with rennet.When cottage cheese is produced, a "dressing" is added to the curd grains, This makes the production different from that of many other fresh cheeses. For the "dressing", cream, is used very often. This dressing is largely responsible for the taste. 

Cottage cheese can be eaten in a variety of different ways: by itself, with fruit and sugar, with salt and pepper, with fruit puree, on toast, with tomatoes, with granola and cinnamon, in salads, as a chip dip, as a replacement for mayonnaise in tuna salad or used as an ingredient in recipes such as jello salad and many desserts.

The first known use of the term "cottage cheese" dates back to 1831.

Granola

Granola is a breakfast food and snack food made up of rolled oats, nuts, honey or other sweeteners such as brown sugar, and sometimes puffed rice, that is usually baked until it is crisp, toasted and golden brown.

During the baking process, the mixture is stirred to maintain a loose breakfast cereal consistency. Dried fruit, such as raisins and dates, and confections such as chocolate are sometimes added. 

Granola, particularly if it includes flax seeds, is often used to improve digestion. Granola is often eaten in combination with yogurt, honey, fresh fruit (such as bananas, strawberries or blueberries), milk or other forms of cereal.

Beans On Toast (musician)

Beans On Toast (born 1 December 1980) is the stage name of British folk singer Jay McAllister. He is from Braintree, Essex. He rose to fame out of the UK folk scene in 2005. His songwriting openly deals with the topics of politics, drugs and love. Beans on Toast has released eight studio albums, traditionally releasing a new record each year on 1 December, McAllister's birthday.



Jewel-Osco

Jewel-Osco is a supermarket chain headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, a Chicago suburb. 

Jewel-Osco has 185 stores across northern, central, and western Illinois; eastern Iowa; and portions of northwest Indiana. 

Jewel-Osco and Jewel are currently wholly owned subsidiary of Boise, Idaho-based Albertsons. The company original started as a door-to-door coffee delivery service before it expanded into delivering non-perishable groceries and later into grocery stores, and supermarkets. 

Before to its 1984 acquisition by American Stores, Jewel evolved into a large multi-state holding company that operated several supermarket chains and other non-food retail chain stores located from coast to coast and had operated under several different brand names.

Ronald Venetiaan

Ronald Runaldo Venetiaan (born June 18, 1935) is a Surinamese politician and mathematician. He served as the 6th and 8th President of Suriname. His first term as president ran from 1991 to 1996. In 2005 he was re-elected to serve a third term as president and sworn in on August 12, 2005.

Lalji Singh

Lalji Singh (5 July 1947 – 10 December 2017) was an Indian scientist. He was best known for his the field of DNA fingerprinting technology in India. He was popularly known as the "Father of Indian DNA fingerprinting". He also worked in the areas of molecular basis of sex determination, wildlife conservation forensics and evolution and migration of humans. In 2004, he received the Padma Shri for his service to Indian science and technology. He was born in Kalwari, Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh.

Singh died on 10 December 2017 in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh of a heart attack, at the age of 70.

Kazimierz Pawełek

Kazimierz Pawełek (21 February 1936 – 3 December 2017) was a Polish journalist and politician. He served in the Polish Senate from 2001 to 2005 as a member of the Democratic Left Alliance – Labour Union. In the 1970s, he became the editor of "Głos Budowlanych". He also worked for the newspapers "Dziennik Polski" and "Kurier Lubelski". He was born in Bochnia.

Pawełek died on 3 December 2017, at the age of 81.

Kirovohrad Oblast

Kirovohrad Oblast () is an oblast (province) of central Ukraine. The administrative centre is Kropyvnytskyi. The population of Kirovohrad Oblast was 991,600 in 2013.

Luhansk Oblast

Luhansk Oblast () is an oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Luhansk. The population of Luhansk Oblast was 2,233,000 in 2014.


Lviv Oblast

Lviv Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The administrative centre is Lviv. The population of Lviv Oblast was 2,537,000 in 2013.

Mykolaiv Oblast

Mykolaiv Oblast () is an oblast (province) of southern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Mykolaiv. The population of Mykolaiv Oblast was 1,165,000 in 2014.

Jessica Mauboy

Jessica Hilda Mauboy (born 4 August 1989) is an Australian-Indonesian R&B singer-songwriter and actress. She has released three studio albums, one live album, three soundtrack albums, one extended play and 35 singles. 

In 2006, she was runner-up on the fourth season of "Australian Idol". After this, she signed for Sony Music Entertainment. She was a guest performer at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2014. She later competed for Australia at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2018 with the song "We Got Love", placing 20th out of the 26 finalists. 

Mauboy has appeared in the movies "Bran Nue Dae" (2010) and "The Sapphires" (2012). She has also starred in the drama television series "The Secret Daughter" since 2016. From 2021 to 2023, she was a judge on "The Voice Australia".

Mauboy was born in Darwin, Northern Territory. Her mother is an Indigenous Australian and her father is from West Timor, Indonesia.


Odesa Oblast

Odesa Oblast () is an oblast (province) of southwestern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Odessa. The population of Odesa Oblast was 2,395,000 in 2013.

Poltava Oblast

Poltava Oblast () is an oblast (province) of central Ukraine. The administrative centre is Poltava. The population of Poltava Oblast was 1,462,000 in 2013.

Rivne Oblast

Rivne Oblast () is an oblast (province) of northwestern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Rivne. The population of Rivne Oblast was 1,159,000 in 2014.

Sumy Oblast

Sumy Oblast () is an oblast (province) of northeastern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Sumy. The population of Sumy Oblast was 1,124,000 in 2014.
Most of population has got Ukrainian origin, about 4% speaks East Ukrainian language. 

Ternopil Oblast

Ternopil Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The administrative centre is Ternopil. The population of Ternopil Oblast was 1,075,000 in 2013.

Vinnytsia Oblast

Vinnytsia Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The administrative centre is Vinnytsia. The population of Vinnytsia Oblast was 1,616,500 in 2014.

Volyn Oblast

Volyn Oblast () is an oblast (province) of northwestern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Lutsk. The population of Volyn Oblast was 1,041,500 in 2014.

Zaporizhzhia Oblast

Zaporizhzhia Oblast () is an oblast (province) of southern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Zaporizhzhia. The population of Zaporizhzhia Oblast was 1,774,000 in 2014.

Parts of the oblast (province), are occupied by Russian soldiers (as of 2024).

The Zaporizhzhia Front is a front line. It is part of the Southern Front. Some of the settlements near the front (or on the front), are 


The cities and the number of people (as of 2006):

Since 2020:

Hromadas

Zhytomyr Oblast

Zhytomyr Oblast () is an oblast (province) of northern Ukraine. The administrative centre is Zhytomyr. The population of Zhytomyr Oblast was 1,266,000 in 2013.

Estádio da Luz

The Estádio da Luz is a football stadium in Lisbon, Portugal. It has a seating capacity of 64,642. This makes it the biggest stadium in the country. The stadium opened on 25 October 2003. It is the home stadium of S.L. Benfica of the Primeira Liga and the Portugal national team.

The stadium's official name is Estádio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica. It hosted the UEFA Euro 2004 Final and also held the 2014 UEFA Champions League Final between Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid.

South Sudan national football team

The South Sudan national football team is the national football team of South Sudan.

The team's home stadium is Juba Stadium, which can fit 7,000 people.

The team played its first match against Uganda on 10 July 2012.

Keith Chegwin

Keith Chegwin (17 January 1957 – 11 December 2017) was an English television presenter and actor. He was nicknamed "Cheggers". He was best known as the presenter of the BBC children's game show "Cheggers Plays Pop" and the Channel 5 comedy game show "It's a Knockout". He played Fleance in the Roman Polanski movie "Macbeth" (1971).

Chegwin was born in Walton, Liverpool, Lancashire. He was married to Maggie Philbin from 1982 to 1993. He married Maria Fielden in 2000. He had two children, a daughter Rose and a son Ted.

Chegwin died of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis on 11 December 2017 in Shropshire. He was 60.


Tears for Fears

Tears for Fears are a British new wave/pop rock band. They were formed in 1981 by Roland Orzabal and Curt Smith. They were formed in Bath, Somerset, England. The band has released six albums, one live album, one extended play and 31 singles. Famous singles by Tears for Fears include "Mad World" (1982), "Shout" (1984), "Everybody Wants to Rule the World" and "Head over Heels (both 1985).



Molly Quinn

Molly Caitlyn Quinn (born October 8, 1993), also known as Molly C. Quinn, is an American actress. She is known for her roles in the television shows "Castle" and the English version of "Winx Club". She also appeared in the movie "We're the Millers" (2013).

Quinn was born in Texarkana, Texas. She is of Irish ancestry.

Yellowstone Caldera

The Yellowstone Caldera is a volcanic caldera and supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park in the Western United States. It is sometimes referred to as the Yellowstone Supervolcano. The caldera and most of the park are in the northwest corner of Wyoming. The caldera is about 55 by 72 km. It was formed during the last of the three supereruptions that occurred over the last 2.1 million years.

A caldera is a large cauldron-like hollow that forms shortly after the emptying of a magma chamber in a volcano eruption. It's what is left after the explosion.

Volcanism at Yellowstone is relatively recent. The calderas lie over a hotspot under the Yellowstone Plateau. Light and hot magma (molten rock) from the mantle rises toward the surface. The hotspot is much deeper than the terrain: it is "stationary", while the North American Plate moves west-southwest over it.

Calderas appear to move, but this is an illusion. The plates of the Earth move, and hot spots stay in the same place (see Hawaiian Islands). As the Americas moved west, they ran over one or two hot spots. This is the one now in Wyoming.

Cy Young (athlete)

Cyrus Charles Young (July 23, 1928 – December 6, 2017) was an American athlete. He was born in Modesto, California. He competed mainly in the javelin throw. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He was the first non-European man to win the gold medal in the javelin throw in the Olympics in 1952, and – through the 2012 London Olympics – he remains the only American male to earn Olympic gold in the event.

Young died in Modesto on December 6, 2017 of vascular dementia at the age of 89.

Grant Munro

Grant Munro (April 25, 1923 – December 9, 2017) was a Canadian animator, filmmaker and actor. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

In 1952, he starred with Jean-Paul Ladouceur in Norman McLaren's "Neighbours". He worked on the movies "Two Bagatelles" (1953), "Seven Surprizes" (1963), "Christmas Cracker" (1963) and "Canon" (1964).

His movie, "Christmas Cracker", was nominated for an Academy Award in 1962.

Munro died of an illness in Montreal, Quebec on December 9, 2017 at the age of 94.


Arroux

The Arroux is a river in central France. It is a right tributary of the Loire river.

The Arroux river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The Arroux river starts in Culètre "commune" in the south of the Côte-d'Or) department, at an altitude of about . From here, the Arroux flows first to the west and then to the southwest.

The Arroux river flows through 2 regions and 3 departments. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Loire river near the town of Digoin.

The main tributaries of the Arroux river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Digoin in the Saône-et-Loire department.


Vera Katz

Vera Katz, born "Vera Pistrak", (August 3, 1933 – December 11, 2017) was a German-born American Democratic politician of Jewish descent.

She was born in Düsseldorf, Germany. She and her family fled to France some time after Hitler had become chancellor. After Germany invaded France they fled to Spain and eventually moved to New York City in the United States.

She was the first woman to serve as Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives and was the 49th mayor of Portland from 1993 through 2005. She replaced Bud Clark in 1993 and was replaced by Tom Potter in 2005.

Vera Katz died in Portland from leukemia at the age of 84.


Frank Ivancie

Francis James "Frank" Ivancie (July 19, 1924 – May 2, 2019) was an American businessman and politician. He served as Mayor of Portland, Oregon, from 1980 to 1985. Before this, Ivancie served for fourteen years on the Portland City Council.

During his political career, Ivancie was a conservative Democrat.

Uriel

Uriel (, , , meaning “God is my light” or “fire of God”) is an archangel in Jewish and Christian traditions. The Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox and Anglicans call him “Saint Uriel the Archangel” or simply “Saint Uriel”.

The Roman Catholic Church only recognizes three archangels which are mentioned in the Bible: Michael, Gabriel and Raphael. But according to the certain rabbinic and Christian traditions, there are four or even seven archangels, Uriel is generally the fourth. In the Deuterocanonical book 2 Esdras, Uriel is sent by God to answer the questions which are asked by Ezra.

The role of Uriel in Christian apocryphal traditions is different from answering Ezra's questions. He is said to have rescued John the Baptist from the Massacre of the Innocents(the murder of all boys under the age of two in the area of Bethlehem) as a child and reunited him and his mother Saint Elizabeth with John's cousin, Jesus. This is shown in Leonardo da Vinci's painting "Virgin of the Rocks."

Uriel is often described as a cherub and the angel of repentance and is the angel at the Gate of Eden. In "The Apocalypse of Peter", Uriel is shown to be as cruel as any demon when enforcing repentance. He is also supposed to be one of the angels that buried Adam and Abel in Eden.


Perfect (Ed Sheeran song)

"Perfect" is a song written and recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. It was released on November 24, 2017, as the fourth single from his album, "÷". The song reached as high as number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. The following week, Sheeran re-released the song as a duet with American singer Beyoncé, who sings the second verse from a female perspective. 

The duet version has reached number one in both the US and UK. It became Sheeran's second American chart-topper and Beyoncé's sixth as a solo artist (tenth including songs with Destiny's Child).

Beaucamps-le-Vieux

Beaucamps-le-Vieux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.


Stadio Diego Armando Maradona

Stadio Diego Armando Maradona is a sports stadium in Naples, Italy. It is mainly used for football matches, but also has an athletics track. It has a seating capacity of 60,240. This makes it the third biggest stadium in the country. The stadium was built between 1948 and 1959. It opened on 6 December 1959. It is the home stadium of S.S.C. Napoli of Serie A and sometimes the Italy national team.

Stadio Diego Armando Maradona hosted five matches of the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

MLS Cup 2016

MLS Cup 2016 was a soccer game played on December 10, 2016. It was the 21st MLS Cup, a special game between the winners of the Eastern and Western Conferences in Major League Soccer. Seattle Sounders FC won the game in a penalty shootout with a score of 5–4 against Toronto FC..

The two teams played again in MLS Cup 2017. Toronto FC won that game 2–0.

Charles Robert Jenkins

Charles Robert Jenkins (February 18, 1940 – December 11, 2017) was a former United States Army soldier. He lived in North Korea from 1965 to 2004 after deserting from his unit and crossing the Korean Demilitarized Zone. He was born in Rich Square, North Carolina. 

On November 3, Jenkins pleaded guilty to charges of desertion and aiding the enemy, but denied making disloyal or seditious statements – the latter charges were dropped. He was sentenced to 30 days' confinement, received a dishonorable discharge, forfeiture of all pay and benefits and was reduced in rank to E-1 private (the lowest rank in the US Army). He was released six days early, on November 27, 2004, for good behavior.

On July 15, 2008, Jenkins obtained permanent residency status in Japan, just half a month after he applied for the status.

Jenkins died in Sado, Niigata on December 11, 2017 of heart failure, aged 77.

Kong: Skull Island

Kong: Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster movie directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy, Max Borenstein, and Derek Connolly from a story by John Gatins.

The movie is a third reboot of the "King Kong" franchise as well the 7th film of the series and serves as the second movie in Legendary's MonsterVerse. The movie stars Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson, Jing Tian, Toby Kebbell, John Ortiz, Corey Hawkins, Jason Mitchell, Shea Whigham, Thomas Mann, Terry Notary, and John C. Reilly with Richard Jenkins.

The movie is about a team of scientists and Vietnam War soldiers who travel to an uncharted island in the Pacific and encounter terrifying creatures and the mighty Kong.

"Kong: Skull Island" was released on February 28, 2017, in London and was released in the United States on March 10, 2017. The movie was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $566 million worldwide against its $185 million budget. A crossover sequel, "Godzilla vs. Kong", is set for release on May 22, 2020 with Kong facing Godzilla from the 2014 movie "Godzilla".

Roberto Firmino

Roberto Firmino Barbosa de Oliveira (born 2 October 1991) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward or attacking midfielder for Saudi Pro League club Al-Ahli, which he captains, and the Brazil national team. 

Firmino started his career in Brazil, first playing for CRB and later Figueirense. In 2011, he joined the Bundesliga side 1899 Hoffenheim, where he spent four-and-a-half seasons. He signed for Premier League side Liverpool in June 2015.

Firmino has played for Brazil since 2014. He played for them during the 2015 Copa América and 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Firmino joined Hoffenheim in December 2010, including a contract running until June 2015. He flew to Hoffenheim on January 1, 2011. Ernst Tanner, which is the manager of Hoffenheim said “they were pleased to have a talented Brazilian soccer player on there team”. He made his debut after a month in a Bundesliga defeat against a team called Mainz ,when he got substituted with Sebastian Rudy at the 75th minute. Firmino made his first professional goal with Hoffenheim on April 16 the only goal of a league victory against Eintracht Frankfurt. In July 2013, A russian club named Lokomotiv Moscow which made a €12 million bid for firmino Hoffenheim captain Andreas Beck halied Firmino's development as "outstanding" in August 2013. He completed he 2013–14 Bundesliga season with a he was the fourth highest score with 16 goals.

On June 23, 2015, while he was competing for Brazil at the Copa América, Hoffenheim and Firmino both agreed the terms for him to transfer him to the Premier League club called Liverpool for about £29 million on conclusion of the tournament, Liverpool confirmed the signing the next day The deal was finalised on 4 July.

On 23 August, Firmino scored his first goal of the 2016–17 season,and scoring 5-0 goals and a win over Burton Albion. 

He was took Jordan Ibe for the final 12 minutes in a game against 1-0 Stoke City. In January 2016, the Irish Examiner said Firmino was steadily 

On December 21, 2019, he scored the goal in the FIFA Club World Cup Final, giving the title to Liverpool. 

Firmino joined Al-Ahli on July 4 2023, signing a contract until 2026. He scored a hat-trick in his first game for the team on August 11.

Liverpool

Brazil

Individual


Bud Clark

John Elwood "Bud" Clark, Jr. (December 19, 1931 – February 1, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He served as Mayor of Portland, Oregon, from 1985 to 1992. A leftist populist with little political experience before his mayoral bid, he was one of Portland's most colorful political figures.

Clark died on February 1, 2022 in Portland, Oregon from congestive heart failure, aged 90.

Denise Kandel

Denise Kandel (; née Bystryn; born February 27, 1933) is a French-born American medical sociologist and epidemiologist. 

Kandel is known for her epidemiological longitudinal studies on the sequence of first-time use of various legal and illegal drugs, carried out from the 1970s until the present time (written 2016).

She is a Holocaust survivor. In 1956, she married Eric Kandel. They have two children.


Song rhythm tracks

Song Rhythm Tracks are musician's backing tracks that are composed entirely of percussion and/or drums and arranged for a song. They do not include any harmony or melody parts. They are neither (i) traditional song backing tracks, which include harmonic accompaniment, nor (ii) traditional rhythm tracks, which are not arranged for a song.

Musicians, including singers, use these tracks to support both their practice and performance of popular song. Typical musical genres represented are pop, blues, jazz, folk and Latin, but any genre may be included that uses a constant pulse. The tracks provide higher-quality rhythmic backing due to being arranged for the song the musician plays. This has advantages over traditional (none song-arranged) rhythm tracks because the musical form of the song is followed by the rhythm.

Not only would one person play along with a track, but a few people could join in. If they are lucky, they may just come up with a killer song.

Full song backing tracks provide a fuller arrangement of a song than song rhythm tracks do but they may be limited in the facilities to re-arrange / re-mix the backing track. For instance, there might be instruments included that the musicians wish to remove from the mix. Song Rhythm Tracks can be used as the basis for an arrangement generally without requirements of re-arranging the song rhythm tracks. Full song backing tracks are often used by singers as their sole accompaniment. Song rhythm tracks are used by single, or groups of, musicians that do not have a drummer.

As rhythmic backing does not include harmony, song rhythm tracks are simpler arrangements than full song backing and are arranged to the musical sectional and chorus structure of the song. These arrangements may be comparable to a drummer's accompaniment and can be used as the rhythm tracks in productions without additional arranging.


Ed Lee

Edwin Mah "Ed" Lee (; May 5, 1952 – December 12, 2017) was an American politician and attorney. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served as the 43rd Mayor of San Francisco, California from January 11, 2011 until his death. Before this, he was City Administrator of San Francisco from 2005 to 2011. He was the first Asian American to become mayor of the city.

Lee was born in Seattle, Washington. He was of Chinese ancestry. He married Anita in 1980. They had two daughters, Brianna and Tania.

Lee died of a heart attack on December 12, 2017 in San Francisco. He was 65.

Ilan Gilon

Ilan Gilon (, ‎; 12 May 1956 – 1 May 2022) was an Israeli politician of the Meretz party.

Gilon was born in Galați, Romania. He got polio when he was a baby. Because of this he has problems with his legs. He migrated to Israel when he was a child. He studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem but didn't obtain a degree. He became involved in politics by becoming a member of the youth department of Mapam (a socialist political party and a forerunner of Meretz), followed by Meretz itself later on.

Gilon was deputy mayor of Ashdod from 1993 to 1999. He served three spells in the Knesset between 1999 and 2021. As a parliamentarian, he was mainly involved with social welfare issues. Among these are promoting laws to help people with disabilities. After the resignation of Zehava Gal-On in October 2017, Gilon has become leader of the Meretz party in the Knesset.

In 2018, Gilon ran for Meretz party president however he withdrew from the race because of bad health.

Gilon had two strokes in 2018 and 2019. He died on 1 May 2022 in Ramat Gan, Israel at the age of 65.


TamilFunda

Tamil Funda is an Indian website. It covers topics ranging from the Tamil culture to the topics loosely related to Tamil audience.

Founded on October 22, 2013. It publish content exclusive for the Tamil audience living all over the world. The editorial team publishes the content.

The content published by TamilFunda are available in English and in Tamil. Tamilfunda.com is one of the popular Tamil website in the Alexa rankings. These are the following types in which the content is categorized. Business & Finance, Education, Entertainment, Food & Drink, Government, Health, Society & Culture, Technology, and Travel.

Faizon Love

Langston Faizon Santisima (born June 4, 1968), better known as Faizon Love, is an Cuban-American actor and comedian. He appeared in "Elf" (2003).

Love was born Langston Faizon Santisima in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba on June 4, 1968.

Aline Griffith, Dowager Countess of Romanones

María Aline Griffith Dexter, Countess of Romanones, spouse of a Grandee of Spain (22 May 1923 – 11 December 2017) was a Spanish-American aristocrat, socialite, and writer.

Griffith was born in Pearl River, New York.

Griffith worked in the US Office of Strategic Services (OSS) as a cipher clerk during World War II. She was a member of the International Best Dressed List from 1962 until her death in 2017. She was a close friend to many world leaders and celebrities including Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy, and Audrey Hepburn.

Griffith died on 11 December 2017 in Madrid at the age of 94.



Suzanna Leigh

Suzanna Leigh (born Sandra Eileen Anne Smith; 26 July 1945 – 11 December 2017) was a British actress. She was known for her movie and television roles in the 1960s and 1970s. She was born in Berkshire, England. She was known for her role as the love interest of Elvis Presley in "Paradise, Hawaiian Style" (1966).

Leigh starred in the cult British horror movies "The Deadly Bees" (1966) and "The Fiend" (1972). In 1974 she starred as Amber in "Son of Dracula".

Leigh died of liver cancer on 11 December 2017 at her home in Winter Beach, Florida at the age of 72.


Zarley Zalapski

Zarley Bennett Zalapski (April 22, 1968 – December 10, 2017) was a Canadian-Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta. He played from 1987 to 2010. He played for the Pittsburgh Penguins, the Hartford Whalers, the Calgary Flames, the Montreal Canadiens and for the Philadelphia Flyers.

Zalapski died on December 12, 2017 in Calgary, Alberta of a viral infection at the age of 49. After his death, his sister sent his brain to Toronto to be studied. Doctors said that Zalapski had chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).

Bramall Lane

Bramall Lane is a football stadium in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. It is the home of Sheffield United. As the largest stadium in Sheffield during the 19th century it hosted most of the city's most significant matches including the final of the world's first football tournament, first floodlit match and several matches between the Sheffield and London Football Associations that led to the unification of their respective rules. It was also used by Sheffield Wednesday and Sheffield F.C. for major matches. It has been the home of Sheffield United since the club's establishment in 1889. It is the oldest major stadium in the world still to be hosting professional association football matches.

David Chase

David Chase (born August 22, 1945) is an American screenwriter, director and producer. He is best known for creating the HBO drama television series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007). The show became very popular and earned him seven Emmy Awards. He has also produced and written for shows such as "The Rockford Files", "I'll Fly Away" and "Northern Exposure". He will serve as an executive producer and writer of the future movie "The Many Saints of Newark", a background story to "The Sopranos".

Chase was born in Mount Vernon, New York, to an Italian American family. He married Denise Kelly in 1968. The couple have a daughter, Michele DeCesare, who played Hunter Scangarelo in "The Sopranos".

Doug Jones (politician)

Gordon Douglas Jones (born May 4, 1954) is an American attorney, prosecutor, and politician. Jones is the United States Senator of Alabama upon being elected on December 12, 2017 and sworn-in on January 3, 2018. Jones served as the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama. 

As a lawyer, Jones is known for prosecuting the remaining two Ku Klux Klan perpetrators of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing which killed four African-American girls, along with leading an indictment against the Olympic Park Bomber. 

Jones was the Democratic nominee in the U.S. Senate special election in Alabama against Republican nominee Roy Moore which was held on December 12, 2017. Jones was elected Senator with 49.6% of the vote to Moore's 48.8% of the vote.

Jones lost his re-election in 2020 to Tommy Tuberville in November.


Pat DiNizio

Patrick Michael DiNizio (October 12, 1955 – December 12, 2017) was an American rock musician. He is best known as the lead singer, songwriter and guitarist of the band The Smithereens. He formed the band with three original members in 1980 in Carteret, New Jersey. He was born in Plainfield, New Jersey, and grew up in Scotch Plains.

DiNizio died on December 12, 2017, after a period of ill health in Summit, New Jersey. He was 62.

Mountain States

The Mountain States (also known as the Mountain West or the Interior West) form one of the nine geographic subregions of the United States that are officially recognized by the United States Census Bureau. It is a subregion of the Western United States.

The Mountain States usually include: Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming. 

The words "Mountain States" generally refer to the U.S. States which cover the U.S. Rocky Mountains. These are oriented north-south through parts of the states of Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Colorado, Utah, and New Mexico. Arizona and Nevada, as well as other parts of Utah and New Mexico, have other smaller mountain ranges and scattered mountains located in them as well. Sometimes, the Trans-Pecos area of West Texas is considered part of the region. The land area of the eight states together is some 855,767 square miles (2,216,426 square kilometers).

David Lau

David Baruch Lau, Hebrew: דוד ברוך לאו , (born January 13, 1966 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi. He has been Chief Rabbi of Israel on behalf of the Ashkenazi Jews since August 14, 2013, succeeding Yona Metzger.

His father Yisrael Meir Lau had the same position from 1993 to 2003. His Sephardic counterpart is Yitzhak Yosef.



Yitzhak Yosef

Yitzhak Yosef, Hebrew: יצחק יוסף , (born January 16, 1952 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi.

He has been Chief Rabbi of Israel on behalf of the Sephardi Jews since August 14, 2013, succeeding Shlomo Amar.

His father Ovadia Yosef (died 2013) had the same position from 1973 to 1983.

His Ashkenazic counterpart is David Lau.



Bodice

A bodice () is an article of clothing for women, covering the body from the neck to the waist.



Mellophone

The mellophone is a medium-range instrument which typically takes the place of the French horn in marching bands. Its appearance is similar to that of a trumpet except for more tubing and a much larger bell.

Museum for Architectural Drawing

The Museum for Architectural Drawing () is a private museum in Berlin, Germany. It is dedicated to architectural drawing from around the world. The museum was opened in June 2013.


Stanley Baxter

Stanley Baxter (born 24 May 1926) is a Scottish actor and impressionist. He is known for his highly popular British television comedy shows "The Stanley Baxter Show", "Baxter On...", "Time For Baxter", "The Stanley Baxter Picture Show", "The Stanley Baxter Series" and "Mr Majeika".


Eileen Derbyshire

Eileen Derbyshire, (born 6 October 1931) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Emily Bishop in the long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street". She played the character for 55 years, from January 1961 to January 2016 and again for a cameo appearance in October 2019, making her the longest-serving female cast member in a British soap opera and the second longest-serving cast member on the show, after William Roache who has played the role of Ken Barlow continuously, since the show's first episode on the 9 December 1960.

She is the mother of sports journalist Oliver Holt. She was awarded an MBE in the 2010 Queens Birthday Honours list with her fellow co-star and friend, Barbara Knox who plays the role of Rita Sullivan on the show.


Barbara Knox

Barbara Knox ("née" Brothwood, formerly Mullaney; born 30 September 1933) is an English actress. She is known for her portrayal of newsagent Rita Sullivan in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street". She has been a full-time cast member for over 50 years, having appeared for one episode as Rita in December 1964, before becoming a regular cast member from January 1972 onwards. Knox is currently the second longest-serving cast member in the show. 

On 28 March 2014, it was reported that she had been arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of alcohol in her home town of Knutsford, Cheshire. On 4 April, Knox was formally charged, and she appeared at Macclesfield Magistrates' Court on 24 April. On 23 January 2015, she changed her plea to guilty. She was banned from driving for a year, as well as being fined £3,000 and £1,750 in costs.

WWE Network

WWE Network is a subscription-based video streaming service owned by WWE, using the infrastructure of BAMTech.

LFO (American band)

Lyte Funkie Ones (LFO) is an American pop band. It has vocalists Devin Lima (born March 18, 1977) and Brad Fischetti (born September 11, 1975). 
The band was formerly a trio that also featured lead singer and primary songwriter Rich Cronin, and initially disbanded after his death in 2010, but Lima and Fischetti reunited LFO as a duo in 2017. Before Lima joined the group in 1999, the third member was Brian Gillis (known as "Brizz"), who was with the group from its start in 1995. 

The band is best known for their hit songs "Summer Girls", "Girl on TV", and "Every Other Time". The band have sold over 4 million records worldwide.

In October 2017, Devin Lima was diagnosed with stage four adrenal cancer and he had one kidney removed. He died from the disease on November 21, 2018 at the age of 41.

Warrel Dane

Warrel Dane (March 7, 1961 – December 13, 2017) was an American heavy metal singer-songwriter, musician and actor. He was the lead singer for the metal bands Sanctuary and Nevermore. He was a natural baritone, though he was known for his high-pitched vocals with Serpent's Knight and on the first two Sanctuary albums. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Dane provided the voice of Candynose Twinskins in the musical comedy "Metalocalypse" on Adult Swim.

Dane died of a heart attack on December 13, 2017 in São Paulo, Brazil at the age of 56.

Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis

Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a chronic irreversible and fatal disease caused by a progressive decline in lung function.<ref name="ATS/ERS"> American Thoracic Society/European Respiratory Society International Multidisciplinary Consensus Classification of the Idiopathic Interstitial Pneumonias. This official statement of the American Thoracic Society (ATS), and the European Respiratory Society (ERS) was approved by the ATS board of directors, June 2013 and by the ERS Steering Committee, March 2013. "Am Respir Crit Care Med." 188 (6): 733–748. September 15, 2013. </ref> 

The term pulmonary fibrosis means scarring of lung tissue and is the cause of worsening dyspnea (shortness of breath). Fibrosis is usually associated with a poor prognosis.

IPF belongs to a large group of more than 200 lung diseases known as interstitial lung diseases (ILDs), characterized by the involvement of lung interstitium.

IPF usually occurs in adults of between 50 and 70 years of age, particularly those with a history of cigarette smoking, and affects more men than women. Treatment to slow down the progression of the disease may include nintedanib or pirfenidone.

Pulmonary fibrosis

Pulmonary fibrosis (literally "scarring of the lungs") is a respiratory disease in which scars are formed in the lung tissues, leading to serious breathing problems. Scar formation, the addition of extra fibrous connective tissue (the process called fibrosis), leads to thickening of the walls, and causes low oxygen supply in the blood.

As a result patients suffer from shortness of breath.

In some patients the cause of the disease can be diagnosed, but in others the cause is unknown, a condition called idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. There is no known cure for the scars and damage in the lung due to pulmonary fibrosis.

Simon Dickie

Simon Charles Dickie (31 March 1951 – 13 December 2017) was a New Zealand rowing cox who won three Olympic medals: two gold and one bronze. He was born in Waverley in Taranaki, New Zealand. For the 1968 Summer Olympics, New Zealand qualified an eight and had a pool of four rowers and a cox as a travelling reserve; Dickie was part of this reserve as their cox.

Dickie was only one of fifteen New Zealanders to have won two or more Olympic gold medals. He later owned an adventure company in Taupo.

Dickie died on 13 December 2017 at his home in Taupō, New Zealand, after falling from his balcony at the age of 66.

Riot Games

Riot Games is an American video game developer, publisher, and eSports tournament organizer established in 2006. Their main office is based in West Los Angeles, California.

The company is primarily known for creating the game "League of Legends", which was released in North America and Europe on October 27, 2009.

Ivan Stoyanov

Ivan Stoyanov (; 20 January 1949 – 10 December 2017) was a Bulgarian footballer. He played as a midfielder. At club level, he played for Spartak Sofia and Levski Sofia. He also played for the Bulgaria national team in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Sofia.

Stoyanov died on 10 December 2017, at the age of 68.

Alessandro Kokocinski

Alessandro Kokocinski (born Alejandro Kokocinski; 3 April 1948 – 12 December 2017) was an Italian-Argentine painter, sculptor and set designer, of Polish-Russian origin. He was born in the refugee camp at Porto Recanati, Italy. His family survived the Holocaust. He was raised in Buenos Aires.

Kokocinski worked on the Salvador Allende government’s agrarian reform, in partnership with the Catholic University of Santiago de Chile. He settled in Rome and became a pupil of Riccardo Tomassi Ferroni, with whom he shared a studio in Trastevere, together with Carlo Quattrucci. 

In 2016, Kokocinski created the set design and lighting design for “Lina Sastri è il mio nome”, a musical theatrical show which opened on 4 October 2016 at the Teatro Quirino, Rome.

Kokocinski died on 12 December 2017 in Tuscania, Italy of lymphoma at the age of 69.



Alma Adamkienė

Alma Adamkienė (née Nutautaitė; February 10, 1927 – May 21, 2023) was a Lithuanian-American philologist, philanthropist and public servant. She was born in Šiauliai, Lithuania. She is the wife of the former President of Lithuania, Valdas Adamkus since being married in 1951.

Adamkienė was First Lady during his two terms (1998–2003 and 2004–2009). She also holds United States citizenship. She immigrated to the United States in 1949. She first worked as a laboratory assistant at a steel factory. Later, she took a position with an insurance company. She also organized and participated in Lithuanian émigré activities.

During the presidential election held in Lithuania in 1997, her husband Valdas Adamkus campaigned for the Presidency and won. After Adamkus became president, Adamkienė became involved in many Lithuanian social programs focusing on the welfare of children.
Adamkienė had no children. She died from a stroke in Vilnius, on 21 May 2023, at the age of 96.


Neeraj Vora

Neeraj Vora (22 January 1963 – 14 December 2017) was an Indian movie director, screenwriter, actor and producer. He first became known in Bollywood for being a writer of Aamir Khan's movie "Rangeela" (1995). He then went on to direct his own movies, including "Khiladi 420" (2000), "Phir Hera Pheri" (2006) and "Shortkut" (2009). He was born in Bhuj, Gujarat.

In October 2016, Vora went into a coma after having a heart attack and a stroke. He died on 14 December 2017 in Mumbai, at the age of 54.

Lilian Marijnissen

L.M.C. "Lilian" Marijnissen (born 11 July 1985 in Oss) is a Dutch politician of the Socialist Party (SP). She has been political and parliamentary leader since 13 December 2017, succeeding Emile Roemer.

Marijnissen studied political science at Radboud University Nijmegen and the University of Amsterdam.

She was a councillor of Oss from 2003 to 2016, and worked at the Dutch trade union Abvakabo FNV.

Since March 23, 2017 she has been a member of the Second Chamber.

Lilian Marijnissen is the daughter of former SP leader Jan Marijnissen, and former SP alderman of Oss Mari-Anne Marijnissen.



Munier Choudhury

Abu Nayeem Mohammad Munier Choudhury (27 November 1925 - 14 December 1971) was a Bangladeshi playwright, literary critic and political activist. His notable dramas are "Kabar" (The Grave), "Roktakto Prantor" (Bloody Field), Chithi (Letter). He was awarded Bangla Academy Literary Award for his contribution in dramas in 1962.

He was killed as an intellectual during the mass killing of Bengali intellectuals in 1971. He was awarded the highest civilian award given by the Government of Bangladesh, Independence Day Award, in 1980 posthumously.

When Choudhury was in prison during 1952-54, he wrote his symbolic drama, "Kabar" (The Grave). This was a translation of Irwin Shaw's drama "Bury the Dead". After release from prison, he continued to write "Roktakto Prantor" (1959; a play about the Third Battle of Panipat), "Chithi" (1966) and "Polashi Barrack O Onyanno" (1969). In 1965, Choudhury redesigned the keyboard of the Bangla typewriter. This typewriter was named after him as "Munier Optima Keyboard". It was designed in collaboration with Remington typewriters of the then East Germany.


In 1971, when Pakistani army attacked in the University of Dhaka area, Choudhury escaped from there and moved to his parents' house, near Hatirpool. On 14 December 1971, he, along with a large number of Bengali intellectuals, educators, doctors and engineers, were kidnapped from their houses and later tortured and killed by the Pakistan Army and its Bengali collaborators Al-Badr and Al-Shams. According to a witness, Choudhury was last seen in Government Physical Education College, Dhaka in Mohammadpur Thana, Dhaka where his fingers were mutilated. His dead body was not found.


Oss

Oss is a town and municipality in the Province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.

It is in the northeast of the province, and borders the Meuse River and the Province of Gelderland.

As of 2015, about 58,000 people were living in the town of Oss.
As of 2017, about 91,000 people were living in the municipality of Oss.

Since 2011, Lith was added to Oss. In 2015, Maasdonk became a part to Oss.

The town of Oss is a stronghold of the Socialist Party (SP).


Fred J. Doocy

Frederick J. "Fred" Doocy (May 5, 1913 – December 7, 2017) was an American politician and banker. He served as the 77th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1966 to 1967. He was also a member of the Connecticut State Senate from 1958 to 1967.

Doocy was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He married Mary O'Keefe (1916–2010) in 1942 and had five children. He turned 100 in 2013.

Doocy died on December 7, 2017 in Manchester, Connecticut, at the age of 104.

List of chief rabbis of Israel

This is the list of Chief Rabbis of Israel, including Mandatory Palestine.

There are two Chief Rabbis, one on behalf of the Ashkenazi Jews and one on behalf of the Sephardi Jews.

Together they preside the "Chief Rabbinate of Israel".

Mandatory Palestine:
State of Israel:

Mandatory Palestine:
State of Israel:


Bangla Academy Literary Award

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature. It is the highest literary awards given in Bangladesh. This award was introduced in 1960. This award is given in six categories, including poem, novel, drama, essay, short story, juvenile literature.




Naagin (2015 TV series)

Naagin (English: serpent) is an Indian supernatural Hindi language television series. It was produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor. It aired on weekends at 8 pm IST on Colors TV. 

The first season aired from 1 November 2015 to 5 June 2016. It starred Mouni Roy, Arjun Bijlani and Adaa Khan as Shivanya, Ritik and Shesha. It became one of the highest-rated shows on Indian television.

The second season aired from 8 October 2016 to 25 June 2017. It starred Mouni Roy, Karanvir Bohra and Adaa Khan as Shivangi, Rocky and Shesha.

The third season aired from 2 June 2018 to 26 May 2019.It starred Surbhi Jyoti, Pearl V Puri, Rajat Tokas and Anita Hassanandani as Bela, Mahir, Vikrant and Vish, respectively.

The fourth season was introduced with a new title Naagin: Bhagya Ka Zehreela Khel. It aired from 14 December 2019 to 8 August 2020.It starred Nia Sharma, Vijayendra Kumeria, Jasmin Bhasin and Rashami Desai as Brinda, Dev, Nayantara and Shalakha, respectively. It ended after 37 episodes post lockdown.

The fifth season aired from 9 August 2020 to 6 February 2021.It starred Surbhi Chandna, Sharad Malhotra and Mohit Sehgal as Bani, Veer and Jay, respectively.

A spin-off of the fifth season titled Kuch Toh Hai: Naagin Ek Naye Rang Mein was launched on 7 February 2021 replacing the same.

The series has been revamped for the 6th season bringing a new name to the series "Naagin Ka Badla" or Naagin Season 7 . It will feature Rakhi Sawant, Rubina Dilaik, Prachi Desai & Fawad Khan as Roopa, Barkha, Bhumi & Mrityunjai respectively.

SEASON 1
Servant of Palace
Ahmad Harhash as Mahendra Pratap singh (2015)

Chief Rabbinate of Israel

The Chief Rabbinate of Israel, Hebrew: הרבנות הראשית לישראל - "Ha-Rabanut Ha-Rashit Li-Yisra'el", is the highest rabbinical institution in Israel.

It consists of (mainly) Chief Rabbis of various places in Israel, and is presided by two Chief Rabbis, an Ashkenazi and a Sephardi rabbi, both elected for ten years.

The Chief Rabbinate has religious legal power in Israel, but also involves with matters of halakha outside the country.

In Israel it deals with matters concerning Jewish life, like marriage and divorce, conversion to Judaism, kosher food, holy sites like the Western Wall, yeshivas, rabbinical courts etc.

The Chief Rabbinate of Israel is in Jerusalem.



Mad World

"Mad World" is a new wave song by British band Tears for Fears. It was first released in September 1982. It then appeared on the band's first studio album "The Hurting" (1983). The song reached number 3 on the UK Singles Chart in November 1982.

"Mad World" was also famously covered by Michael Andrews and Gary Jules. This version was made for the soundtrack of the movie "Donnie Darko" (2001).

National Film Awards (Bangladesh)

National Movie Awards () is the highest awards given by the Government of Bangladesh to the actors and technicians of Bangladeshi movie industry. It was introduced in 1976. Every year, a national panel is appointed by the government to select winners. The panel consists of movie personalities, journalists and social activists.

</div>

</div>


Mouni Roy

Mouni Roy (born 28 September 1985) is an Indian actress, singer, Kathak dancer and former model. She is mainly known for her work in Indian television and Hindi-language movies. Her popular works are "Mahadev, Naagin" and "Gold".


Philosophy of mathematics

The philosophy of mathematics is a kind of philosophy that tries to study what mathematics really is. Philosophers of math ask themselves questions like:

None of those questions has a clear answer, so mathematicians are free to choose which answers they like. For example:

Mathematicians who believe in Platonism think that numbers are real, just like rocks and trees. We can't see them, but we can represent them with symbols, and use them to study the world.

Mathematicians who believe in Fictionalism think that math is just made up. Numbers, shapes and other things in math are just ways that we use to make science possible, but they don't really exist.

Mathematicians who believe in Logicism believe that math is true because it is based on true sentences (called axioms). It does not matter if numbers and shapes exist, or not, just that they represent true things.

Mathematicians who believe in Finitism think that everything that makes sense has a beginning and an end. Things like infinity don't exist.


Mohammed El Filali

Mohammed El Filali () (born 9 July 1945) is a Moroccan footballer. He played for MC Oujda. He played as a forward.

His younger brother, Mbarek was also a Morocco international.

Savoy Truffle

Savoy Truffle is a song by the Beatles written by George Harrison. The song is about Harrison's friend Eric Clapton's fondness for chocolate and his dentist warning him to stop eating it.

Jack Davis

John Burton "Jack" Davis, Jr. (2 December 1924 – 
27 July 2016) was an American cartoonist and illustrator. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He was known for his advertising art, magazine covers, movie posters, record album art and numerous comic book stories. He was one of the founding cartoonists for "Mad" in 1952. His cartoon characters are characterized by extremely distorted anatomy, including big heads, skinny legs and extremely large feet.

Davis contributed to other Kurtzman magazines—"Trump", "Humbug" and "Help!"—eventually expanding into illustrations for record jackets, movie posters, books and magazines, including "Time" and "TV Guide". He completed an 88-card set of humorous cartoons called Wacky Plaks, which Topps Chewing Gum Co. released in 1959.

After graduation, he was a cartoonist intern at "The Atlanta Journal", and he worked one summer inking Ed Dodd's "Mark Trail" comic strip, a strip which he later parodied in "Mad" as "Mark Trade".

Davis died in St. Simons Island, Georgia on July 27, 2016 from complications of the stroke, aged 91.

Departments of Colombia

Colombia has 32 departments (Spanish: "departamentos", sing. "departamento") and a Capital District ("Distrito Capital"). Each department has a Governor ("gobernador") and a Department Assembly ("Asamblea Departamental"), elected by popular vote for a four-year period. The governor cannot be re-elected in consecutive periods. Departments are country subdivisions and are granted a certain degree of autonomy.


Mittlach

Mittlach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Saransk

Saransk (; ) is the capital city of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia. In 2010 there were 297,415 people living there.

Saransk is twinned with:


Mathon

Mathon () was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.


Mitzach

Mitzach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Krampus

In folklore, Krampus is a horned, anthropomorphic figure. It is described as being half-goat and half-demon. During the Christmas season, Krampus punishes children who have misbehaved. The is the opposite of Saint Nicholas, who rewards the well-behaved with gifts. Krampus is one of the companions of Saint Nicholas in several regions including Austria, Bavaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovenia, South Tyrol and parts of Northern Italy. The origin of Krampus is not known, but some folklorists and anthropologists believe it has pre-Christian origins.

Yu Kwang-chung

Yu Guangzhong (; 21 October 1928 – 14 December 2017), also spelled Yu Kwang-chung, was a Taiwanese writer, poet, educator, and critic. He was born in Nanjing, Taiwan. 

His best known works were "Lanse de yumao" [Blue feather], "Zai lengzhan de niandai" [Cold war years] and "Yu yongheng bahe" [Tug-of-war with eternity]. He was known for his collaboration with fellow poet Luo Fu. He was Professor Emeritus at National Sun Yat-sen University in Kaohsiung. He taught in the United States, including at Gettysburg College.

Yu died on 14 December 2017 from pneumonia in Kaohsiung, Taiwan at the age of 89. He was married to Fan Wo-tsun 1956 until his death.

Dan Johnson (Kentucky politician)

Danny Ray "Dan" Johnson (October 18, 1960 – December 13, 2017) was an American evangelical pastor and Republican politician. He was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, representing the 49th District serving from January 2017 until his death in December. He was born and raised in Bastrop, Louisiana.

In December 2017, Johnson was accused of having molested a member of his church in 2012 when she was 17 years old. The Republican Party of Kentucky called on Johnson to resign the same day the allegations were published. The following day, Johnson held a news conference at his church where he claimed the allegations were untrue and were politically motivated.

Johnson shot himself in the head on December 13, 2017 near the Salt River in Mt. Washington, Kentucky. He was 57 years old.

Tina Smith

Tina Flint Smith (born March 4, 1958) is an American politician. She is the United States Senator from Minnesota upon being appointed by Governor Mark Dayton and office on January 3, 2018. 

Smith was the 48th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota from 2015 to 2018. She has been a high-profile member of Governor Mark Dayton's administration and a key participant in legislative negotiations. She is a former Chief of Staff to Dayton. She is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party. 

Dayton appointed her to replace U.S. Senator Al Franken upon his resignation, to serve until a special election is held in November 2018.

Karl-Erik Nilsson

Karl-Erik Nilsson (4 January 1922 – 14 December 2017) was a Swedish light-heawyweight (-87 kg) Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed at the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Olympics and won one gold and two bronze medals. He won another bronze medal at the 1955 World Wrestling Championships. He was born in Stehag, Sweden.

Nilsson died at the age of 95 in Stockholm on 14 December 2017.


R. C. Sproul

Robert Charles Sproul ( ; February 13, 1939 – December 14, 2017) was an American apologist, author, and pastor. He was the founder and chairman of Ligonier Ministries.

Sproul was heard daily on the "Renewing Your Mind" radio broadcast in the United States and internationally. "Renewing Your Mind with Dr. R. C. Sproul" was also broadcast on Sirius and XM satellite radio.

In late July 2012, a new Christian internet radio station called RefNet (Reformation Network) was also announced by Ligonier Ministries in an effort to reach "as many people as possible" where Internet access is available.

Sproul died at a hospital in Altamonte Springs, Florida on December 14, 2017 of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 78.

Conservative Democrat

In American politics, a Conservative Democrat is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party who has conservative views.

The term "Democrat in Name Only" is sometimes used by Democrats on the left to refer to conservative Democrats.

In the 2006 midterm elections, the Democratic Party ran moderate Democrats and a few conservative Democrats for at-risk Republican seats.

Frank Lary

Frank Strong Lary (April 10, 1930 – December 13, 2017) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Detroit Tigers (1954–1964), New York Mets (1964, 1965), Milwaukee Braves (1964), and Chicago White Sox (1965). 

Lary led the American League with 21 wins in 1956 and ranked second in the same category with 23 wins in 1961. 

Lary was selected to the American League All-Star team in 1960 and 1961 and won the Gold Glove Award in 1961. He was known as "Taters", "Mule", and the "Yankee Killer." The latter nickname was won due to his 27-10 record against the New York Yankees from 1955 to 1961.

Lary died on December 13, 2017 in Northport, Alabama of pneumonia at the age of 87.


Mark Takai

Kyle Mark Takai (July 1, 1967 – July 20, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives from Hawaii's 1st district from January 3, 2015 until his death. He was also a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1994 to 2014. He became a lieutenant colonel in the Hawaii Army National Guard in 2013.

Takai was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was of Japanese ancestry. He was married to Sami and had two children.

Takai was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in October 2015. He died on July 20, 2016 in Aiea, Hawaii. He was 49.

Bill Hudson (American football)

William Alex "Bill" Hudson (July 9, 1935 – December 13, 2017) was an American football player. He played as a defensive tackle. He played professionally in the American Football League for the San Diego Chargers and the Boston Patriots. He also played in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal Alouettes. He was a member of the South Carolina Sports Hall of Fame. He was born in Hartsville, South Carolina.

Hudson died on December 13, 2017 in Spartanburg, South Carolina. He was 82.

Rod (Slavic religion)

Rod (Cyrillic: Род) is the supreme God of the universe in the Slavic Native Faith. Old Church Slavonic sources about pre-Christian religion, say that Rod represents divinity and ancestrality.

Among the South Slavs, the concept is also known as "Sud" (Judge) or "Prabog" (First God).

Jarilo

Jarilo (Cyrillic: Ярило, Ярила or Јарило) is a Slavic god of vegetation, fertility and springtime.

The only historical source that mentions Jarilo was from a German bishop who encountered pagans celebrating a festival called Gerovit (likely a German way of saying, "Jarovit"). Until the 19th century in Russia, Belarus and Serbia, folk festivals called "Jarilo" were celebrated in late spring. In these festivals, they worshiped a springtime god. Similar festivals occurred in Croatia and Slovenia.

Eric the Victorious

Eric the Victorious (Old Norse: Eiríkr inn sigrsæli; Swedish: Erik Segersäll) was the first Kingdom of Sweden. There is debate about whether or not he was actually the first king.

He is sometimes called Eric V or Eric VI. He is called this by people who count back from Eric XIV (1560–68).

Eric the Victorious originally controlled the area around Uppland. His kingdom may have extended down to Blekinge. He got the name "victorious," because of his victory in the Battle of Fýrisvellir.

According to Adam of Bremen, he was also the King of Denmark after the defeat of Sweyn Forkbeard. He probably also founded the town of Sigtuna, 38 km northeast from downtown Stockholm.

Adam also dated Eric the Victorious's death as between 992 and 995. He is remembered as a war-like and successful ruler.


Rian Johnson

Rian Craig Johnson (born December 17, 1973) is an American movie director, screenwriter, editor and actor. He is best known for directing the movies "Brick" (2005), "The Brothers Bloom" (2008), "Looper" (2012), "" (2017) and "Knives Out" (2019). He has directed three episodes of the AMC series "Breaking Bad". He has also had small roles in "" (2016) and "BoJack Horseman".

Johnson was born in Silver Spring, Maryland. He has been dating movie writer Karina Longworth since 2011.


Gwendoline Christie

Gwendoline Tracey Philippa Christie (born 28 October 1978) is a British actress and model. She is known for playing Brienne of Tarth in the HBO fantasy-drama series "Game of Thrones" and Captain Phasma in the "Star Wars" movies "" (2015) and "" (2017).

Gwendoline Christie was born in Worthing, West Sussex, England. She has been dating fashion design Giles Deacon since 2013. 

Byron Dorgan

Byron Dorgan (born May 14, 1942) is a former United States Senator and United States Congressman. He was a congressman for twelve years and a U.S. Senator for eighteen.

Dorgan was a member of the Senate Democratic leadership for sixteen years. He was first an Assistant Democratic Floor Leader. He was later a Chairman of the Democratic Policy Committee. Then, he was Chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.

In 2010, Dorgan said he wasn't seeking re-election in the 2010 North Dakota Senate election.

Dorgan later worked at the Washington, D.C. law firm Arent Fox LLP. He was a senior policy advisor there.

Furthermore, Dorgan is a New York Times writer of four books: two on economic and political issues, two as eco-thrillers.

Dorgan was born in Dickinson, North Dakota.

Charles Grodin

Charles Sidney Grodin (April 21, 1935 – May 18, 2021) was an American actor, comedian, author and television talk show host. He won an Emmy Award for writing in 1978.

Grodin is best known for his appearances on "The Tonight Show" and "The Late Show". Grodin's movie roles include "Catch-22" (1970), "The Heartbreak Kid" (1972), "Midnight Run" and "The Couch Trip" (both 1988), "Beethoven" (1992) and "Beethoven's 2nd", "Dave" and "Heart and Souls" (all 1993).

Grodin was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to an Orthodox Jewish family. He had a daughter with his first wife, Julie Ferguson. He married Elissa Durwood in 1983. They had a son.

Grodin died of bone marrow cancer at his home in Wilton, Connecticut, on May 18, 2021. He was 86.

Dillon, Read &amp; Co.

Dillon, Read & Co. was an investment bank based in New York City. In 1997, it was acquired by Swiss Bank Corporation, which was in turn acquired by UBS in 1998.

The Dillon Read name was dropped by 2000. In June 2005, UBS established Dillon Read Capital Management (DRCM), led by former UBS Investment Bank head John P. Costas.

On May 3, 2007, UBS announced the closure of Dillon Read Capital Management. The division lost 150 million Swiss Francs in the first quarter of 2007, primarily due to bets on the sub-prime mortgage industry in the United States. The assets under management were transferred into UBS's main asset management business.

Morgan Stanley Wealth Management

Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is an American multinational financial services corporation specializing in retail brokerage. It is the wealth & asset management division of Morgan Stanley.

In the late 1980s the retail brokerage firm Smith Barney was owned by Primerica Financial Services. Commercial Credit purchased Primerica in 1988, for $1.5 billion. In 1992, they paid $722 million to buy a 27 percent share of Travelers Insurance. By the end of 1993, the merged company was known as Travelers Group Inc. In September 1997, Travelers acquired Salomon Inc. (parent company of Salomon Brothers Inc.), for over $9 billion in stock, and merged it with its own investment arm to create Salomon Smith Barney.

In April 1998 Travelers Group announced an agreement to undertake a $76 billion merger between Travelers and Citicorp, creating the largest single financial services company in the world.

On January 13, 2009, Morgan Stanley and Citigroup announced that Citigroup would sell 51% of Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley, creating Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, which was formerly a division of Citi Global Wealth Management. The combined brokerage house has 17,649 financial advisors and manages $2 trillion in client assets.


Kannauj district

Kannauj district is an administrative district in Uttar Pradesh, India. The capital of this district is the historically famous Kannauj city. This district was formed from Farrukhabad district in September 18, 1997.

According to the 2011 census of India Kannauj district has a population of 1,658,005,

It is very much famous for Kannauj Perfume. This is the reason for Kannauj city is called as City of Perfumes. There are many temples in Kannauj which are very spiritual (divine) and historical.

Arrondissements of the Haut-Rhin department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Haut-Rhin department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Haut-Rhin are:

Haut-Rhin is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was divided in three districts: Altkirch, Belfort and Colmar, with Colmar as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the three districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Colmar, Altkirch, Belfort, Delémont and Porrentruy. The "arrondissements" Delémont and Porrentruy were eliminated in 1814 and transferred to Switzerland.

The subprefecture of Altkirch was moved to Mulhouse in 1857.

The Haut-Rhin department was eliminated in 1871 when the territory became part of Germany except for a part that forms the Territoire de Belfort.

In 1919, Haut-Rhin is again an department when the territory became part of France with the "arrondissements" Colmar-Ville, Colmar-Campagne, Altkirch, Guebwiller, Mulhouse, Ribeauvillé and Thann. Its capital is Colmar.

The "arrondissements" Colmar-Ville and Colmar-Campagne were combined in 1934 to form the "arrondissement" of Colmar.

The "arrondissement" of Guebwiller was eliminated in 2015 and its territory combined with Tharn to form the "arrondissement" of Thann-Guebwiller. In that same year, the "arrondissement" of Ribeauvillé was also eliminated and its territory combined with Colmar to form the "arrondissement" of Colmar-Ribeauvillé.


Black Mamba (drug)

'lack Mamba is a street drug. It is an artificial cannabinoid. It can cause some very serious side effects, including mental health problems, psychosis and sometimes a deep zombie-like state which takes a long time to recover from. It has also been known to cause death.

There are some countries where this and similar drugs like spice are still available and legal, although in most cases they are very heavily controlled.

Arrondissement of Altkirch

The arrondissement of Altkirch is an arrondissement of France in the Haut-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Altkirch.

When the Haut-Rhin department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Altkirch was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Altkirch is in the southwest of the Haut-Rhin department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Thann-Guebwiller "arrondissement", to the north and west by the Mulhouse "arrondissement", to the south by Switzerland and to the west by the Territoire de Belfort department.

The "arrondissement" of Altkirch is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , and it is also with fewest people living in it with a population of 69,645 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 2 cantons in the arrondissement of Altkirch:


The "arrondissement" of Altkirch has 108 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Lones Wigger

Lones Wesley Wigger Jr. (August 25, 1937 – December 14, 2017) was an American sports shooter. In his shooting career, he won 111 medals, including three Olympic medals. He won a gold and silver medal at the 1964 Olympics and a gold medal at the 1972 Olympics. He was also a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army. He was born in Great Falls, Montana.

Wigger died of pancreatic cancer on December 14, 2017 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He was 80.


Georges Loinger

Georges Loinger (29 August 1910 – 28 December 2018) was a French resistance fighter during World War II. He began fighting against Nazi Germany in 1939 but was captured in 1940. He escaped soon after, and rescued hundreds of Jewish children over then next few years. Until September 1943, that part of frontier was guarded by Italian army: Loinger remembers one day Italian high officer secretly told him he approved what Loinger did, that's his rescue activity. After September, there was German invasion and the activity became harder.

He was awarded the medal of honorary citizen of the city of Strasbourg in 2014. In July 2016, he was made an officer in the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Loinger was born in Strasbourg. He was Jewish. He turned 100 in August 2010. Loinger died in Paris on 28 December 2018 at the age of 108.

2017 eruption of Mount Agung

Mount Agung, a volcano on the island of Bali in Indonesia, erupted in 2017. Thousands of people had to leave the area. Air travel was affected. As of 27 November 2017, the alert level was at its highest and evacuation orders were in place.

Tectonic earthquakes from the volcano had been detected since early August. Volcanic activity increased for several weeks. It decreased significantly in late October. A second, more violent period of major activity began in late November. 

Forty thousand people had to leave 22 villages around Mount Agung. Airports had to be closed. More than 400 flights were canceled. About 59,000 passengers could not get on their flights.

A. B. M. Mohiuddin Chowdhury

A. B. M. Mohiuddin Chowdhury (1 December 1944 – 15 December 2017) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a member of the Bangladesh Awami League (BAL). He served as the mayor of Chittagong, the second-largest city in Bangladesh, from 1994 to 2009. He was born in Chittagong District.

Chowdhury died on 15 December 2017 in Chittagong, at the age of 73.

List of Chief Military Rabbis

This is the list of Chief Military Rabbis.

The Chief Military Rabbi presides over the "Military Rabbinate" of the Israel Defense Forces, and holds the rank of brigadier general.



Military Rabbinate

The Military Rabbinate (of Israel), Hebrew: חיל הרבנות הצבאית - "Heil HaRabanut HaTzvait", is a unit of the Israel Defense Forces, which takes care of the religious needs of the Israeli soldiers, especially the Jewish soldiers among them.

The Chief Military Rabbi presides the Military Rabbinate, and has the rank of brigadier general.



OS X El Capitan

OS X El Capitan ( ) (version 10.11) is the twelfth major release of OS X (now named macOS), Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers. It was released after OS X Yosemite and focuses mainly on performance, stability and security. Starting with OS X Mavericks, future operating systems of OS X were named after regions of Northern California. El Capitan was named after a rock formation in Yosemite National Park, to highlight a refined version of its predecessory, OS X Yosemite. 

El Capitan is the final version to be released under the name OS X. Its successor, Sierra, was announced as macOS Sierra. El Capitan received much better reviews when compared to Yosemite.

The first beta of OS X El Capitan was released to developers shortly following the WWDC keynote on June 8, 2015. The first public beta was made available on July 9, 2015. There were multiple betas released after the keynote. OS X El Capitan was released to end users on September 30, 2015, as a free upgrade through the Mac App Store.

Bruce Gray

Bruce Gray (September 7, 1936 – December 13, 2017) was a Puerto Rican-born Canadian actor.

Gray was probably best known as investment banker Adam Cunningham on the Global series "Traders", the father of the groom in "My Big Fat Greek Wedding", as Judge J.E. Reilly on the soap opera "Passions" and the ghost of Joe's father on the hit television show "Medium".

Gray died on December 13, 2017 of brain cancer in Los Angeles, California at the age of 81.


Gerald O'Brien

John Gerald O’Brien (2 December 1924 – 13 December 2017), known as Gerald O'Brien, was a New Zealand soldier and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand. He represented the Island Bay electorate from 1969 to 1978.

O'Brien died in Wellington on 13 December 2017 at the age of 93.


Yurizan Beltran

Yurizan Beltrán Lebanue (November 2, 1986 – December 13, 2017), known as Yurizan Beltran, was an American pornographic actress. She was born in Los Angeles on November 2, 1986 of Mexican descent. Her mother was Brazilian and her father was Canadian.

Beltran was nominated for a total of six AVN Awards. Her career began in 2005.

Beltran died on December 13, 2017 in Los Angeles from a suspected drug overdose at the age of 31.

Marilyn Ware

Marilyn Ware (November 4, 1943 – December 14, 2017) was an American politician, businesswoman and philanthropist. She was the United States Ambassador to Finland from March 2006 to March 2008 after being nominated by George W. Bush. She was a member of the Republican Party. Ware was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Ware died on December 14, 2017 in Denver, Colorado of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 74.


Heinz Wolff

Heinz Siegfried Wolff (29 April 1928 – 15 December 2017) was a German-born British scientist, and television and radio presenter. He was best known for the BBC television series "The Great Egg Race". He was born in Berlin, Germany.

Because they were of Jewish descent, he and his family fled to the United Kingdom in September 1939.

He studied physiology and physics at University College London. He specialized in biological engineering, and was a professor at Brunel University.

A familiar face in the 1970s and early 1980s, well known to British television audiences with his memorable bow tie and pronounced German accent.

Wolff died in London of heart failure on 15 December 2017 at the age of 89.


The Prophet (book)

The Prophet is a book of 26 prose poetry fables by the Lebanese-American artist, philosopher and writer Kahlil Gibran. It was first published in 1923 by Alfred A. Knopf. It is Gibran's best known work. The book has been translated into over 40 different languages and has never been out of print.


Tu An

Jiang Bihou (; 22 November 1923 – 16 December 2017), better known by his pen name Tu An (), is a Chinese poet and translator. He was a member of China Writers Association.

Jiang was the first person from China to write sonnet in Chinese and he was the first few in China who translated the works of John Keats's into Chinese language.

His translation, "Poetry of John Keats", which had won the 2nd Lu Xun Literary Prize in 2000.

Jiang died on 16 December 2017 in Aarhus, Denmark of complications from Parkinson's disease at the age of 94.

Sharon Laws

Sharon Laws (7 July 1974 – 16 December 2017) was a British professional cyclist and environmental consultant. She gained support in conservation and worked both before and during her cycling career as an environmental consultant to organisations including the British Government, the United Nations and for mining company Rio Tinto in Australia.

Laws was born in Nairobi, Kenya, but was raised in Bourton-on-the-Water, Gloucestershire.

Her first victory with the team was the Cheshire Classic stage race, which she won after coming second on the first and second stages. Her addition to the British team, which included Cooke and Emma Pooley, was expected to improve chances of a medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing but Laws crashed twice and came 35th of 62 finishers. 

Laws retired in August 2016 and was diagnosed with cervical cancer one month later.

Laws died on 16 December 2017 of cervical cancer, aged 43.


List of neighbourhoods of Chennai

This is a list of areas and neighbourhoods in Chennai by region. The city is divided on the basis of composition into four major parts: North, Central, South and West.



Suburban Chennai includes almost half of the places in the districts of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur. Suburban Chennai is commonly called as Greater Chennai.






Taramani

Taramani is an area in the metropolitan area of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. It is known for the IT parks and research institutions.
Famous Tidel Park, an information technology (IT) industrial park is situated here . It is South India's first IT park. The area is also known for its other IT parks including Ascendas IT Park, Ramanujam IT Park, Elnet Software City and TICEL Biotech Park.
The MGR Film City was constructed in Tharamani in 1996. The Film City was a major project of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa. This was made during her first term in office as Chief minister. Recently, there have been news reports that it is being made into a "Knowledge Park".

Avadi

Avadi is a residential locality. It is located in the Western part of the metropolitan city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. it is a Special Grade Municipal Corporation of Chennai Metropolitan Area.

The neighbourhood has its own railway station, Avadi Railway Station of the Chennai Suburban Railway. The Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF) is located in Avadi. Avadi has a lake with the same name.

Major military establishments having divisions in Avadi are the Indian Air Force, Indian Army, Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF), EFA-Engine Factory, Avadi, Combat Vehicles Research and Development Establishment (CVRDE), Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Indian Navy, Central Vehicle Depot (CVD), The Ordnance Depot [OD], Unfit Vehicles Park [UVP] and the Ordnance Clothing Factory (OCF).

According to the 2011 census of India, Avadi had a population of 345,996.

Arrondissement of Colmar-Ribeauvillé

The arrondissement of Colmar-Ribeauvillé is an arrondissement of France in the Haut-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Colmar.

When the Haut-Rhin department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Colmar was part of that original department.

In 1871, the Haut-Rhin department became part of Germany. In 1919, Haut-Rhin is again an department when the territory became part of France with 7 "arrondissements", including the new "arrondissements" of Colmar-Ville, Colmar-Campagne and Ribeauvillé. The "arrondissements" Colmar-Ville and Colmar-Campagne were combined in 1934 to form the "arrondissement" of Colmar.

In 2015, the "arrondissement" of Ribeauvillé was eliminated and the name of the "arrondissement" of Colmar was changed to Colmar-Ribeauvillé.

The "arrondissement" of Colmar-Ribeauvillé is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Haut-Rhin department. It is bordered to the north by the Bas-Rhin department, to the east by Germany, to the southeast by the Mulhouse "arrondissement", to the south by the Thann-Guebwiller "arrondissement" and to the west by the Vosges department.

The "arrondissement" of Colmar-Ribeauvillé is the largest of the "arrondissements" of the department with an area of . It has a population of 200,243 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the arrondissement of Colmar-Ribeauvillé:
The "arrondissement" of Colmar-Ribeauvillé has 98 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Heavy Vehicles Factory

The Heavy Vehicles Factory is located in Avadi locality, Chennai metropolitan city. It was set up in the year 1961. It was set up by Ordanance Factories Board , Government of India. The function of this factory is to manufacture battlefield equipment. These include Vijayantas, T-79 Tanks. At present it manufactures India's main battle tank Arjun and T-90 tanks.

Garfield Heights, Ohio

Garfield Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. At the 2020 census, 29,781 people lived there.

Pratval

Pratval used to be a Swiss municipality. It is now part of the new municipality of Domleschg and the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Flag of Slovakia

The Flag of Slovakia is the flag of the European country, Slovakia. It has three horizontal Slavic tricolour of white, blue and red. It has a white double cross on a red background.

Pangasinan language

Pangasinan language or Salitan Pangasinan is one of the main languages of the Philippines. It is the language spoken in the province of Pangasinan.


Mœrnach

Mœrnach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Mollau

Mollau is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Alaska Thunderfuck

Justin Andrew Honard (born May 6, 1985), known by his drag name Alaska Thunderfuck, is an American drag queen, rapper, singer, and songwriter. Thunderfuck moved to Erie, Pennsylvania at age 10. In early 2013, She then joined the cast of fifth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race", where she was a runner-up. In October 2013, Thunderfuck signed to Producer Entertainment Group with distribution from Sidecar Records. Her debut album, "Anus", was released on June 23, 2015. It produced the singles "Your Makeup Is Terrible", "Nails", "Hieeee", "This Is My Hair" and "Anus". "Your Makeup Is Terrible" managed to peak at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and peaked in the top ten around the world. She released a single, "Puppet", on 16th of September 2016, before releasing her second studio album, "Poundcake", on October 14, 2016. She has recently been featured as a contestant on "Scared Famous" alongside American reality TV personalities Don Benjamin, Sky Days, Erica Mena, Safaree Samuels, Eva Marcille, Tiffany "New York" Pollard, Drita D'Avanzo, Yung Joc and Nikki Mudarris. In 2016, she returned for the of "", where she was crowned the winner. On the 24th of May 2019, Thunderfuck released her third studio album "Vagina".

Thunderfuck is the first and only drag queen to be on Scared Famous. She is known for her funny voices and weird styles.





Collapse of Hotel New World

On 15 March 1986, in one of Singapore’s worst civil disasters, the Lian Yak Building (better known as Hotel New World) collapsed. 33 people died and 17 were rescued alive from the rubble.

The Singapore Fire Service (SFS) (present-day Civil Defence Force), the Armed Forces and the police all assisted in the rescue operation. Passers-by and nearby residents also joined in, helping to clear the rubble and pull out survivors. SAF medical officers and MOH doctors present took turns to crawl through narrow spaces inside the rubble to try and provide assistance to trapped survivors, giving glucose and saline drips to them. At first, power saws and drills were used to cut through the rubble and reach survivors; however the use of heavy machinery posed a risk to people trapped under the rubble. 

This led to concern among tunnelling experts from Britain, Ireland and Japan who were involved in nearby construction for the Mass Rapid Transit, which included Thomas Gallagher, Thomas Mulleary, Patrick Gallagher, Michael Prendergast, and Michael Scott; as well as Tan Jin Thong, Deputy Director (Operations) SFS.

They volunteered to dig 4 tunnels under the rubble, which resulted in the rescue of another eight survivors. They later received the Pingat Gagah Perkasa (Conspicuous Gallantry Medal) for their actions.

The investigation found that during the calculation of the building’s structural load, only the LIVE LOAD (weight of people in the building, and additional fixtures and fittings, such as furniture) was factored in. The DEAD LOAD (weight of the building itself) was completely omitted from the calculation. This meant the building was not designed to support its own weight. It was later discovered that an unqualified draftsman, instead of a professional structural engineer, did the calculations for the building. The owner (which died in the collapse) also requested to use inferior materials in construction, in order to reduce the cost.

After the incident, Singapore’s building safety regulations were updated. Since 1989, all structural designs/calculations must not only be prepared by a Professional Engineer, but also counter-checked by an independent Accredited Checker.

Takeshi Kitano

Takeshi Kitano ("北野 武 Kitano Takeshi"; born 18 January 1947), also known as Beat Takeshi, is a Japanese comedian, television personality, director, actor, author, and screenwriter. He was born in Tokyo, Japan.

Kitano is known for his roles as "Outrage" (2010) as Otomo and as Chief Daisuke Aramaki "Ghost in the Shell" (2017). He directed "Violent Cop" (1989) and "Sonatine" (1993). He won a Golden Lion in 1998.


Adam Darius

Adam Darius (May 10, 1930 – December 3, 2017) was an American dancer, mime artist, writer and choreographer. As a performer, he appeared in over 85 countries across six continents. As a writer, he published 19 books and wrote 22 plays.

In Britain he has taught, among others, mime artist, dancer and director, Kazimir Kolesnik, rock star Kate Bush, and Hollywood movie star Kate Beckinsale.

Darius retired in October 2016.

Darius died on December 3, 2017 in Espoo, Finland of a heart attack at the age of 87.


Jo Baer

Josephine Gail "Jo" Baer (born August 7, 1929) is an American painter. She was born in Seattle, Washington. Baer is known for her works which are minimalist art. She began showing her work at the Fischbach Gallery, New York, and other venues for contemporary art in the mid-1960s.

In the late 1960s, Baer was experimenting with color and shifting the visual focus of her work. While working on the series "The Stations of the Spectrum" (1967-1969), Baer painted over their white surfaces to make them gray. In 1975 Baer was the subject of a retrospective at the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, showcasing her Minimalist work. 


E. Hunter Harrison

Ewing Hunter Harrison (November 7, 1944 – December 16, 2017) was an American railway executive. He served as the CEO of Illinois Central Railroad (IC), Canadian National Railway (CN) and Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR), and served as CEO of CSX from January 2017 until his death 12 months later.

Harrison died on December 16, 2017, two days after taking medical leave from CSX, in Wellington, Florida of a suspected heart attack. He was 73 years old.

Len Ceglarski

Leonard Stanley "Len" Ceglarski (June 27, 1926 – December 16, 2017) was an American ice hockey player. He was an All-American left wing on Boston College's 1949 NCAA championship team, and was captain of the 1950–51 squad. He was also a member of the U.S. Olympic hockey team that won the silver medal at the 1952 Winter Olympic Games in Oslo, Norway. He was born in East Walpole, Massachusetts.

Ceglarski died on December 16, 2017 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 91.

Rodels

Rodels () was a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

In 2015, Rodels became a part of the new municipality of Domleschg.


Rothenbrunnen

Rothenbrunnen () is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Montreux-Jeune

Montreux-Jeune is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Montreux-Vieux

Montreux-Vieux is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Turco-Mongol

Turco-Mongol, or Turko-Mongol, tradition was a cultural synthesis that emerged between the Mongol and Turkic rulers in the 13th century. The countries that followed the Central Asia Turko-Mongol traditions included the Timurid Empire, the Kazakh Khanate, the Khanate of Kazan, the Nogai Horde, the Crimean Khanate, and the Mughal Empire.


Gorno-Altaysk

Gorno-Altaysk (; , "Tuulu Altay") is the capital city of the Altai Republic, Russia. In 2020, 64,478 people lived in the city.

Arrondissement of Mulhouse

The arrondissement of Mulhouse is an arrondissement of France in the Haut-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Mulhouse.

Mulhouse is an "arrondissement" of the Haut-Rhin department since 1857.

At the 2015 "arrondissements" changes, the "arrondissement" of Mulhouse was expanded with several "communes" from the new "arrondissement" of Thann-Guebwiller.

The "arrondissement" of Mulhouse is in the southeast of the Haut-Rhin department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Colmar-Ribeauvillé "arrondissement", to the east by Germany, to the south by the Altkirch "arrondissement" and to the west and north by the Thann-Guebwiller "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Mulhouse is the second smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, after the Altkirch "arrondissement", with an area of . It has a population of 350,032 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 8 cantons in the arrondissement of Mulhouse:


The "arrondissement" of Mulhouse has 79 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Thann-Guebwiller

The arrondissement of Thann-Guebwiller is an arrondissement of France in the Haut-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Thann.

The "arrondissement" of Thann-Guebwiller was created in 2015 with the "arrondissements" reform when the "arrondissements" of Thann and of Guebwiller were combined to form the new "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Thann-Guebwiller is in the western part of the Haut-Rhin department. It is bordered to the north and northeast by the Colmar-Ribeauvillé "arrondissement", to the east by the Mulhouse "arrondissement", to the south by the Altkirch "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Territoire de Belfort and to the west by the Vosges department.

The "arrondissement" of Thann-Guebwiller is the second largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, after the Colmar-Ribeauvillé "arrondissement", with an area of . It has a population of 140,214 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the arrondissement of Thann-Guebwiller:
The "arrondissement" of Thann-Guebwiller has 81 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Byrsonima crassifolia

Byrsonima crassifolia is a slow growing tree native to the Tropical America. Common names include changunga, muruci, murici, nanche, nance, nancite, chacunga, craboo, kraabu, savanna serrette (or savanna serret) and golden spoon. In Jamaica it is called hogberry (plural hogberries). It is primarily cultivated in Peru, Southern Mexico, Pacific side of Central America, Guadeloupe, Barbados, Brazil, St. Martin, Cuba, Haiti, Trinidad, Curacao, Isle of Pines, Puerto Rico, Dominica and The Dominican Republic. It belongs to the acerola family of Malpighiaceae.
It is suitable to the tropical and subtropical climates. The tree bears yellow to dull orange or red flowers during spring to fall and fruits on August and September. The white and juicy flesh of yellow fruit has pungent and distinct flavor. It attracts butterflies, bees and birds.

Byrsonima crassifolia is the slow growing, large shrub or tree which grows up to 33 feet high. The leaves are opposite, ovate-elliptic or oblong-elliptic; 3.2–17 cm long and 4–7 cm wide. The flowers are 10–20 cm long and 1.25–2 cm wide; yellow or dull orange, red with five petals. Fruit is small ball shaped, round, ovate to globose; 8–12 cm wide and 0.8-1.5 cm in diameter. The fruit has white and juicy flesh, pungent, distinct aroma and thin skin. The fruit include 1 to 3 white seeds which is 0.5-1.2 cm in diameter. The tree has dark brown, fissured and rough bark. The inner bark is pinkish. It has tall or short and straight or crooked trunk

The serving size of 112 grams of Nance fruit grants 90.32 g of water, 82 calories, 0.74 g of protein, 1.3 g of fat, 0.64 g of ash, 19.01 g of carbohydrate, 8.4 g of dietary fiber, 9.31 g of total sugars, 4.01 g of glucose and 5.3 g of fructose. It offers 115.11% of Vitamin C, 12.09% of manganese, 11.08% of Vitamin K, 9.33% of Vitamin E, 5.81% of potassium, 5.38% of iron, 5.24% of magnesium, 5.20% of calcium and 5.11% of copper.

List of political parties in Malaysia

The following is the list of political parties in Malaysia.

Minster-in-Thanet

Minster-in-Thanet, also known as Minster, is a village and civil parish in Kent in the United Kingdom.

Djembe

The djembe (pronounced ZHEM-bey) is one of the best-known African drums. It originally came from West Africa.
It is shaped like a large goblet and played with the bare hands. The drum's body is carved from a hollowed trunk. The drum head is made of goatskin.

Siquijor

Siquijor is an island province of the Philippines. It is located in the Visayas region. To the west of Siquijor is Negros Oriental, to the east is Bohol, to the north is Cebu, and to the south is Mindanao. The population of Siquijor is about 90,000. It has six municipalities: "Larena", "Enrique Villanueva", "Maria", "Lazi", "San Juan", and the capital also named "Siquijor".

Siquijor is one of the smallest island provinces in the Philippines, in terms of both land area and population. Sights to see in Siquijor include an old tree, a few waterfalls, butterfly gardens, old churches, and many beaches. Siquijor is also home to one of the oldest existing convents in Asia.

Drapetomania

Drapetomania was a supposed mental illness that American physician Samuel A. Cartwright hypothesized as the cause of black slaves running away in 1851. It has since been debunked as pseudoscience and part of scientific racism.

The term derives from the Greek δραπέτης ("drapetes", "a runaway [slave]") and μανία ("mania", "madness, frenzy").

In "Diseases and Peculiarities of the Negro Race", Cartwright points out that the Bible calls for a slave to obey his master, and that if he does, the slave won't want to run away.

He claimed that the disease happened when masters "made themselves too familiar with [slaves], treating them as equals".


243 (number)

243 (two hundred [and] forty-three) is the natural number after 242 and before 244.

6000

6000 (six thousand) is the natural number after 5999 and before 6001.

Walter Mafli

Walter Mafli (May 10, 1915 – December 11, 2017) was a Swiss painter. He was born in Rebstein, Canton of St. Gallen. He was known for his work "Le chant de la matière" (1985) which hangs in Lausanne. In 2010, Mafli was accused of tax fraud. He was the student of well known French painters Casimir Reymond and Marcel Poncet.

Mafli died on December 11, 2017 in Lutry, Vaud at the age of 102.

Ye Zhengda

Ye Zhengda (; 22 August 1927 – 14 December 2017) was a Chinese aircraft designer. He was a professor and senior engineer at Northwestern Polytechnical University. In 1988, he was awarded the military rank of lieutenant general (Zhongjiang) by the Chinese government. 

He was a member of the 10th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and a delegate to the 5th National People's Congress. He was born in Guangdong, China.

On December 14, 2017, Ye died in Beijing at the age of 90.

Bernard Sherman

Bernard Charles "Barry" Sherman, (February 25, 1942 – December 13, 2017) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist. He was born in Toronto. He was the chairman and CEO of Apotex Inc. With an estimated net worth of US$3.2 billion at the time of his death, according to "Forbes", Sherman was the 12th-wealthiest Canadian. Another publication, Canadian Business, said his fortune at $4.77 billion (CAD), ranking him the 15th richest in Canada.

On December 15, 2017, police officers entered Sherman's home in North York, Toronto, where they discovered the bodies of Sherman and his wife hanging side by side next to their indoor pool. Sherman was 75 years old. Post-mortem examinations showed the cause of death for both deceased was "ligature neck compression".

In response, the couple's four children said their deaths may be murder-suicide theory.

Ralph Carney

Ralph Carney (January 23, 1956 – December 17, 2017) was an American singer, composer, and multi-instrumentalist. His main instruments were various saxophones and clarinets, Carney also collected and played many instruments, often unusual or obscure ones. He started as a professional musician as a founding member of the band Tin Huey. He was known for his works as Tom Waits.

Carney died on December 16, 2017 at the age of 61 after falling down the steps of his home in Portland, Oregon.

Richard Dobson

Richard Dobson (March 19, 1942 – December 16, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter. Some of his songs were recorded by famous artists such as David Allan Coe ("Piece of Wood and Steel"), Guy Clark ("Forever, for Always, for Certain"; "Old Friends"), Lacy J. Dalton ("Old Friends"), Nanci Griffith ("Ballad of Robin Winter-Smith"), and Kelly Willis ("Hole in My Heart"). His song "Baby Ride Easy" was recorded as a duet by Carlene Carter and Dave Edmunds as well as by Billie Jo Spears and Del Reeves.

Dobson died on December 16, 2017 of esophageal cancer in Diessenhofen, Switzerland at the age of 75.


777 (number)

777 (seven hundred [and] seventy-seven) is the natural number after 776 and before 778. It is important in some religions and superstitions.

Z'EV

Z'EV (born Stefan Joel Weisser, February 8, 1951 – December 16, 2017) was an American poet, percussionist, and sound artist. He was known for creating his own percussion sounds out of industrial materials for many of record labels. He was called a pioneer of industrial music. 

Z'EV was critically injured in the Cimarron train derailment which took place near Dodge City, Kansas on March 14, 2016. Since the accident he suffered from many health problems and died on December 16, 2017 of sepsis at the age of 66.


Argumentum ad lazarum

Argumentum ad lazarum or appeal to poverty is the informal fallacy of thinking that is right just because the person who said it is poor, or that the conclusion is wrong because the person who said it is rich. It is named after Lazarus, a beggar in a New Testament parable who gets rewarded in the afterlife.

This is often phrased as the statement, "poor, but honest."

The opposite is the "argumentum ad crumenam".



Johnny Fox (performer)

Johnny Fox (November 13, 1953 – December 17, 2017) was an American professional sword swallower and sleight of hand expert. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was raised in Hartford, Connecticut.

Fox began performing magic and comedy while working as a waiter in Saint Petersburg, Florida. He was inspired by Harry Houdini. Fox could swallow up to 22 inches of steel. Fox was the resident sword-swallower at the annual Maryland Renaissance Festival in Crownsville, and performed there from 1981 through 2017.

Fox was diagnosed with liver cancer in October 2016. He died on December 17, 2017 in Hartford from the disease at the age of 64.


Bob Glidden

Bob Glidden (August 18, 1944 –December 17, 2017) was an American drag racer. He was born in Whiteland, Indiana. He retired from Pro Stock racing in 1997 and returned in 2010.

Glidden retired as the driver with the most wins in National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) history at that time (a feat recently topped by 16 time Funny Car champion John Force). He was the third most successful drag racer of the professional class drivers (sixth when counting sportsman national event winners). Glidden won 85 NHRA National Events.

Glidden died in Whiteland on December 17, 2017 of colorectal cancer at the age of 73.

Jonghyun

Kim Jong-hyun (April 8, 1990 – December 18, 2017), better known by the mononym Jonghyun, was a South Korean singer-songwriter, and radio host. He was a vocalist of the South Korean boy group Shinee. Jonghyun debuted as a solo artist on January 12, 2015, with his first EP, titled "Base".

In the same year, on September 17, Jonghyun released a compilation album, "Story Op.1". On May 24, 2016, Jonghyun released his first studio album, "She Is", followed by his second compilation album, "Story Op.2" on April 24, 2017. After his death, his final album "Poet | Artist" was released.

Jonghyun died in Seoul on December 18, 2017 of carbon monoxide poisoning in an act of suicide at the age of 27.


Kevin Mahogany

Kevin Mahogany (July 30, 1958 – December 17, 2017) was an American jazz vocalist. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri. His career began in the 1990s. He was known for his scat singing, and his singing style has been compared with jazz singers Joe Williams and Johnny Hartman. His best known work was his album "It Don't Mean a Thing" (1993) which he performed with Elvis Jones.

Mahogany died of heart failure on December 17, 2017 in Kansas City at the age of 59.


Basque alphabet

The Basque alphabet is a Latin alphabet used to write the Basque language. It has 27 letters.


Dotted and dotless I

Dotted and dotless "I" are two different letters in the Turkish alphabet. One of them (İ, i) has a dot above it and the other (I, ı) does not. This is true in both the capital and lower case forms of the letters (see the picture).

The dotless I has the sound, while the dotted İ has the sound. To show how they are pronounced, here are two examples:

Some of the other Turkic languages that use the Latin script, like Azerbaijani and Tatar, also use both kinds of I. But in all these languages, including Turkish, the letter "j" does not have a dotted or dotless form, with a dot only on the lower case character (J, j), just like in the Indo-European languages. However, a dotless j, ȷ, does exist in Unicode.

Tree of Jesse

The Tree of Jesse is a depiction in art of the ancestors of Christ, shown in a tree which rises from Jesse of Bethlehem, the father of King David and is the original use of the family tree as a schematic representation of a genealogy.

Haloalkane

Haloalkanes are alkanes that contain one or more halogens. A variety of different reactions can form these organic compounds. They cannot quickly be reacted, making them reasonably stable.

There are many kinds of haloalkanes, used for many purposes. Haloalkanes can be primary, secondary, or tertiary and could contain more than one type of halogen. Some haloalkanes contain no hydrogen atoms.

Whether the haloalkane is primary, secondary, or tertiary depends on where the halogen is placed in the molecule. Halogens placed on carbon that is attached to one other carbon atom makes the haloalkane a primary alkane. Halogens placed on carbon that is attached to two other carbon atoms makes the haloalkane a secondary alkane. Halogens placed on carbon that is attached to two other carbon atoms makes the haloalkane a secondary alkane. Halogens placed on carbon that is attached to three other carbon atoms makes the haloalkane a tertiary alkane.

List of Bangla Academy Literary Award winners (1960s)

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature.

In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 1960 to 1969 is given.











List of Bangla Academy Literary Award winners (1970s)

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature.

In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 1970 to 1979 is given.











List of Bangla Academy Literary Award winners (1980s)

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature.

In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 1980 to 1989 is given.






None





List of Bangla Academy Literary Award winners (1990s)

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature.

In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 1990 to 1999 is given.








None



List of Bangla Academy Literary Award winners (2000s)

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature.

In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 2000 to 2009 is given.

None










List of Bangla Academy Literary Award winners (2010s)

Bangla Academy Literary Award is given by Bangla Academy for contribution in the field of Bengali language and literature.

In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 2010 to 2019 is given.








Dana Gould

Dana John Gould (born August 24, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer and voice artist who has been featured on HBO, Showtime, and Comedy Central.

Prothom Alo

The Daily Prothom Alo ("Prothom Alo" "First Light") is a popular daily newspaper in Bangladesh, published from Dhaka in the Bengali language. According to National Media Survey 2014, conducted by MRB Bangladesh, more than 4.3 million people read the print edition of "Prothom Alo" every day. The online portal of "Prothom Alo" is the most visited Bangladeshi and Bengali website of the world. Prothom Alo started its journey on 4 November 1998.

"Prothom Alo" was founded on 4 November 1998. The newspaper distinguished itself by its investigations of acid attacks and violence against women and pushing for tougher laws against the sale of acid. From press facilities located in Dhaka, Chittagong and Bogra, around 5,00,000 copies (as of March ‘2014) are circulated each day. According to National Media Survey 2012, everyday 5.1 million people read the print edition of "Prothom Alo". The claimed readership of the print edition of this newspaper is 9.6 million. According to a brand equity study conducted by Quantum Consumer Solutions Limited, "Prothom Alo" is considered to be the most influential newspaper brand in Bangladesh.

The online portal of "Prothom Alo" (www.prothom-alo.com) is the number 1 Bangladeshi website in the world.This portal is accessed by 1.6 million visitors from 200 different countries and territories across the globe with 60 million pageview per month. The e-paper site of "Prothom Alo" (www.eprothomalo.com) is also the Number 1 e-paper Web site of Bangladesh. From 160 countries, 465 thousand visitors access this website with more than 26 million pageview per month.

"Prothom Alo", which belongs to Mediastar Ltd., has the following sister concerns:

"Prothom Alo" is often criticized for its liberal attitude. A cartoon by Arifur Rahman was published in Alpin about a jokes partly related with religion, caused protests against the Newspaper. A subsequent order was given from the government to ban the supplement. The editor of the "Prothom Alo" acknowledged the gaffe. In a statement released by "Prothom Alo", the editor of Alpin, Matiur Rahman, apologised, expressing regret for publishing the cartoon. The cartoonist was jailed for six months and two days, he was arrested 18 of September 2007 and released 20 of March 2008.

In 2012, a High Court bench issued an injunction on the publication of Humayun Ahmed’s political fiction "Deyal" at daily "Prothom Alo"s weekly "Shahitto Samwiki" on a Friday. 

Avadi Railway Station

Avadi railway station is one of the major train stations in the Chennai Central–Arakkonam section of the Chennai Suburban Railway Network. It serves the neighbourhood of Avadi, a locality of Chennai located 23 km west of the city centre. The station has six tracks, including two loop lines, and has four platforms. As of 2013, the station handles about 40,000 passengers a day.


Royapuram railway station

The Royapuram railway station is a train station at Royapuram. It is on the Chennai Beach–Arakkonam section of the Chennai Suburban Railway network in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. It is one of the oldest railway station currently functioning in India (the original structures of the two older stations, Bombay and Thane, are no longer operational). It is also the first railway station of South India.

The first train of South India started operating in June 1856 from Royapuram railway station. The station also remained the headquarters of the Madras and Southern Mahratta Railway till 1922, when the headquarters was shifted to Egmore. Since the original structures of Bombay and Thane stations no longer exist, Royapuram station remains the oldest railway station in the entire subcontinent.

The Royapuram railway station ranks second in India in terms of space availability with 246,000 sq m, next to the Howrah station in Kolkata.

Syed Waliullah

Syed Waliullah (; August 15, 1922 – October 10, 1971) was a Bangladeshi novelist, short-story writer, and playwright. He is noted for his first novel "Lalsalu", which has been translated in English as "Tree Without Roots". He received Bangla Academy Literary Award in 1961 for his contribution in novel; and was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1984 and Bangladesh National Film Awards for best story in 2001, both by Government of Bangladesh, posthumously.

Waliullah was born on 15 August 1922, in Sholashahar, Chittagong District. His father, Syed Ahmadullah, was a government officer. Waliullah spent his childhood in Mymensingh, Feni, Krishnanagar and Kurigram district. He passed matriculation from Kurigram High School in 1939 and IA from Dhaka College in 1941. He graduated from Ananda Mohan College in 1943. Later, he admitted to University of Calcutta but did not complete his post graduation.




List of world champion football clubs

This list includes the official "(de jure)" FIFA club world champions;"" the international official competitions are trophies organized by FIFA or affiliated federations (for FIFA statute).In synthesis FIFA has three types of world champions, those coming from the Copa Rio 1951, the Intercontinental Cup and from the Club World Cup, the three competitions confer the same title, that of FIFA club world champion.""


The football experts agree that the Intercontinental Cup is the most fascinating football competition that ever existed thanks to the great balance in the field given by the lower economic gap of the time and rules on foreign players who gradually favored the European teams and weakened the South American teams; there are many sources and statistics that confirm this.

There are also federations not connected to FIFA (), also for this reason the titles recognized and awarded by FIFA are intended as titles of the federation in question. An officially recognized title, by definition, is official.""

In accordance to what is formally communicated by FIFA, the total count of official world titles is as follows:

Blue raspberry flavor

Blue raspberry is a common flavoring for candy, snacks, syrups and soft drinks. The flavor comes from "Rubus leucodermis", more commonly known as the "whitebark raspberry" or "blue raspberry" for its bluish-black fruit.

Blue raspberry food often contains a bright blue food coloring, the most common being Brilliant Blue FCF, although this coloring is not the color of the actual color of the fruit, which is almost black when ripe. The blue color also helps tell apart raspberry-flavored foods from cherry- and strawberry-flavored foods (cherry is usually colored red, and strawberry is also sometimes colored red but is often colored pink if the same product is also available in cherry ).

Trannyshack

Trannyshack is a San Francisco drag club started by drag queen Heklina, and takes place at The Stud Bar. It has been a Tuesday fixture in San Francisco for over many years.

This club has hosted many celebrities from Mary Wilson of the Supremes to Charo, RuPaul, Gwen Stefani, Alaska Thunderfuck, Lady Bunny, and more.

In addition, Trannyshack holds the annual Miss Trannyshack Contest. At one time, Ana Matronic of the Scissor Sisters lived in San Francisco, where she performed at Trannyshack and was the first and only female to reach the finals of the Miss Trannyshack pageant.

Heklina

Stefan Grygelko (June 17, 1967 – April 3, 2023), better known by the stage name Heklina, was an American actor, drag queen, and entrepreneur in San Francisco. Heklina is half-Icelandic and named herself after the Icelandic volcano Hekla. He founded Mother formerly Trannyshack (1996).

Grygelko was found dead in London, England on April 3, 2023. He was 55.


World of Wonder

World of Wonder Productions is a production company founded in 1991 by filmmakers Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato. Based in Los Angeles, California, the company produces reality and documentary television programs, feature films, and new media, primarily specializing in documenting erotica, sexuality and the sex subculture.



Meskhenet

Meskhenet is the ancient Egyptian goddess of childbirth. She is also the creator of Ka, a part of the soul of man to which Meskhenet will breathe into each person at the moment of his or her birth. She is one of the very few deities that have been worshipped since the earliest of times in Egypt.

Jua Cali

Paul Julius Nunda (born 12 September 1979), better known
by his stage name Jua Cali, is a Kenyan hip hop artist. In
2000, together with record producer Clemo, he founded
Calif Records where he has been ever since. Jua Cali
performs in Swahili and Sheng in a popular Kenyan style of
rapping called genge.
Jua Cali was born in Eastlands, Nairobi. His parents, Doreen
Onditi and Evans Onditi (deceased) were both
schoolteachers.

Won

Nominated

Charles Byron Renfrew

Charles Byron Renfrew (October 31, 1928 – December 14, 2017) was an American federal judge and politician. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He studied at Princeton University and at the University of Michigan.

Renfrew served as the Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California after being appointed by President Richard Nixon. He served as judge from 1971 through 1980. He then served as United States Deputy Attorney General from 1980 to 1981 under the Jimmy Carter administration.

Renfrew died on December 14, 2017 in San Francisco, California at the age of 89.


Altero Matteoli

Altero Matteoli (8 September 1940 – 18 December 2017) was an Italian politician. He was born in Cecina, Tuscany.

Matteoli was a member of Forza Italia party. He served as a member of Senate of the Republic. From June 2001 to May 2006, he was the Minister of Environment. He served as Minister of Infrastructures and Transport from May 2008 to November 2011. He was also the mayor of Orbetello from 29 May 2006 to 16 May 2011.

Matteoli died in a car accident on 18 December 2017 in Capalbio, Tuscany at the age of 77.


Josef Pešice

Josef Pešice (12 February 1950 – 18 December 2017) was a Czech football player and manager. He was born in Prague.

Pešice played for both famous Prague clubs, Sparta Prague and Slavia Prague. He won the Czechoslovak First League in the 1977–78 season. As a manager, Pešice led several Czech clubs before focusing on Czech Republic youth national teams. He was named the temporary head coach of the Czech Republic in September 2013.

Pešice died on 18 December 2017 in Prague at the age of 67.


Arseny Roginsky

Arseny Borisovich Roginsky (; 30 March 1946 – 18 December 2017) was a Soviet dissident and Russian historian. He was born in Velsk, a town in the Arkhangelsk Region (Northwest Russia).

From 1975 until his arrest in August 1981, he was editor of "Memory" (Pamyat), a samizdat, i.e. uncensored, almanac of historical studies that was published abroad after 1978. Roginsky was sentenced to four years in a corrective-labour camp and was released in 1985.

During perestroika Roginsky was one of the founders of Memorial, an international historical and civil rights society. that came into existence in the late 1980s. He served as its head from 1998 until his death. A first attempt was made by the authorities to close Memorial in 2014. If Memorial was closed, commented Roginsky at the time, then the organisation's many branches would have to re-register and thereafter restore contacts across the country.

Roginsky died in Tel Aviv, Israel on 18 December 2017 at the age of 71.

Newcomb's paradox

Newcomb's paradox is a thought experiment in philosophy, specifically decision theory. The paradox goes as follows:Imagine a super-intelligent entity known as Omega, and suppose you are confident in its ability to predict your choices. (Maybe Omega is an alien from a planet that's much more technologically advanced than ours.) You know that Omega has often correctly predicted your choices in the past (and has never made an incorrect prediction about your choices), and you also know that Omega has correctly predicted the choices of other people, many of whom are similar to you, in the particular situation about to be described.There are two boxes: A and B. Box A is see-through and contains $1,000. Box B is opaque, and contains either $0 or $1,000,000. You may take both boxes, or only take box B.Omega decides how much money to put into box B. If Omega believes that you will take both boxes, then it will put $0 in box B. If Omega believes that you will only take box B, then it will put $1,000,000 in box B.Omega makes its prediction, puts the money in box B ($0 or $1,000,000), presents the boxes to you, and flies away. Omega does not tell you its prediction, and you do not see how much money Omega put in box B.What do you do?

If Omega is always right, then Omega would only put $1,000,000 in box B when you choose to take only box B. Since $1,000,000 is more preferable than $1,000, only choosing box B makes the most sense and since Omega is always right, then you should choose box B.

Since Omega has already left, the amount of money in box B won't change based on the decision you make. Regardless of what's in box B, you can always get another $1,000 by walking away by both boxes.

Bernard Francis Law

Bernard Francis Law (November 4, 1931 – December 20, 2017) was an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico to American parents. He was Archbishop emeritus of Boston, former archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore, and Cardinal Priest of Santa Susanna.

Law was the Archbishop of Boston from 1984 until his resignation on December 13, 2002. He resigned in response to the Catholic Church sexual abuse scandal after church documents showed he had known of sexual abuse committed by dozens of Catholic priests within his archdiocese.

Law died at a hospital in Rome, Italy on December 20, 2017 of prostate cancer at the age of 86.

Lito Cruz

Oscar Alberto "Lito" Cruz (May 14, 1941 – December 19, 2017) was an Argentine stage director, playwright and actor. He was born in Berisso, Argentina. His career began in 1968. During his career, he won two Martín Fierro Awards (2011, 2014). He was known for his roles in "El elegido" and in "Solamente vos".

Cruz was appointed as National Theatres Director in 1995, a position he used to help have Congress pass the "National Theatre Law" in 1998. The bill helped protect struggling stages against demolition and guaranteed annual subsidies for the art.

Cruz created and produced "Sueños de milongueros" in 2009, a musical written in homage to authors Jorge Luis Borges and Alejandro Dolina, and cartoonist/satirist Roberto Fontanarrosa.

Cruz died in Buenos Aires on December 19, 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 76.

Lin Shaye

Linda "Lin" Shaye (born October 12, 1943) is an American movie, theater and television actress. She is called a scream queen due to her roles in various horror franchises or movies.

Her best known roles are in "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Critters", "Insidious", "Dead End", "2001 Maniacs" and its sequel "", "Alone in the Dark", "", "Tales of Halloween", "Abattoir", "Ouija" and its prequel "". 


A Wrinkle in Time (2018 movie)

A Wrinkle in Time is a 2018 American science fantasy adventure movie directed by Ava DuVernay. The screenplay was written by Jennifer Lee and is based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Madeleine L'Engle.

The movie stars Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Michael Peña, Storm Reid, Zach Galifianakis, and Chris Pine. It had a budget of $103 million.

After learning her astrophysicist father (Chris Pine) is being held captive on a distant planet deep in the grip of a universe-spanning evil, Meg Murry (Storm Reid) works with her highly intelligent younger brother (Deric McCabe), her classmate (Levi Miller), and three astral travelers to save him (Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling).

The movie was released in the United States by Walt Disney Pictures on March 9, 2018, in Real D 3D and in IMAX 3D.


Agostino Cacciavillan

Agostino Cacciavillan (14 August 1926 – 5 March 2022) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church and diplomat. He was born in Novale, Italy. He was Pro-Nuncio to Kenya, India, Nepal, and the United States between 1976 and 1998. He then was President of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from 1998 to 2002. He became a cardinal in 2001.

Cacciavillan died on 5 March 2022 in Vatican City at the age of 95.

Japanese name

A Japanese name has a surname () and a given name (), there are unusual surnames. Some people have the same first name and same name. Sato (), is the most famous surname.

Deindustrialization

Deindustrialization or deindustrialisation is a process that happens in countries when machines are being removed or reduced from how work is done. This can cause social and economic change. It is the opposite of industrialization.

During the deindustrialisation of a country, many people leave factory jobs to do other jobs that require little or no machines.

Halbe Zijlstra

Halbe Zijlstra (born January 21, 1969 in Oosterwolde, Friesland) is a former Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

He studied marketing at Hanze University of Applied Sciences, and sociology at the University of Groningen.

He was on the city council of Utrecht. From 2006 to 2010 he was a member of the Second Chamber. He held the position of Deputy Minister of Education, Culture and Science in the First Rutte cabinet from 2010 to 2012. Then he was his party's parliamentary leader from 2012 to 2017. His highest political position was as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Third Rutte cabinet beginning on October 26, 2017.

On February 13, 2018, Halbe Zijlstra resigned after he had lied about attending meetings with Russian president Vladimir Putin.

Halbe Zijlstra is married with one child.


Oosterwolde, Friesland

Oosterwolde, Stellingwarfs: "Oosterwoolde", is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf, Friesland Province, the Netherlands.

Oosterwolde is the main settlement of the municipality, and is at east end of the province, near the Province of Drenthe.

As of 2016, about 10,000 people were living in the village.


Zijlstra

Zijlstra may refer to the following Dutch people:


House of Representatives (Netherlands)

The House of Representatives, Dutch: "Tweede Kamer" (literally Second Chamber), is the lower house of the States General, the parliament of the Netherlands.

It is comparable with the House of Representatives in other countries, because it is chosen by direct elections.

It consists of 150 members, who are chosen every four years or earlier when the government has been brought down.

In contrast with the First Chamber or Senate the Second Chamber has extensive legislative powers.

The elections for the new House of Representatives were held on Wednesday 17 March 2021. The new House was installed on 31 March 2021. Twenty parliamentary groups have been present in the House since March 2022 (originally 17).

Parties with considerable gains are the progressive liberal party D66, the populist parties FVD and JA21, and newcomer Volt. Considerable losses have been suffered by the Christian democratic party CDA, the left parties GL and SP, the populist party PVV, and the senior party 50+.

BBB and BIJ1 have made their first appearance in parliament.

On 6 May 2021, Liane den Haan left 50+ and has become an independent MP. On 13 May 2021, Wybren van Haga and two other MPs left FVD and have become the Group Van Haga. On 12 June 2021, Pieter Omtzigt left the CDA and has become an independent MP. In February 2022, Nilüfer Gündoğan was expelled from the Volt group and has been an independent MP since 22 March 2022.

The general elections for this House of Representatives were held on Wednesday 15 March 2017. This House was installed on 23 March 2017 and dissolved on 31 March 2021.

When the results were announced, the Labour Party (PvdA) lost many seats, while the winner, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) led by Mark Rutte, also lost seats, but not as many.

Most of the opposition parties won seats. The populist Party for Freedom (PVV) of Geert Wilders did not win as many seats as were expected of them, but they became second in the number of seats they had. More seats were won by (especially) GreenLeft (GL), Democrats 66 (D66), the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA), the Party for the Animals (PvdD), and 50PLUS (50+), along with the newly formed parties DENK and Forum for Democracy (FVD). The only other party to lose seats was the Socialist Party (SP), while the small Christian parties ChristianUnion (CU) and Reformed Political Party (SGP) did not gain or lose any seats.

President of the House of Representatives was Khadija Arib (PvdA).

Original seats in post-war Second Chamber ("Tweede Kamer").
Coalitian parties marked in olive.
Prime Minister's party in bold.



Episcopal Church

Episcopal Churches are those that kept the division of priesthood, into bishops, deacons, and priests; these churches are not Roman Catholic, very often they are Protestant or Anglican. in the US, the word is often used as a synonym for the Anglican Church.

Danish resistance movement

The Danish Resistance Movement was an underground movement organized to resist the Nazi German occupation of Denmark during World War II. Due to the initially lenient arrangements, in which the Nazi occupation authority allowed the democratic government to stay in power, the resistance movement was slower to develop effective tactics on a wide scale than in some other countries.

By 1943, many Danes were involved in underground activities, ranging from producing illegal publications to spying and sabotage. Major groups included the communist BOPA (Danish: "Borgerlige Partisaner", Civil Partisans) and Holger Danske, both based in Copenhagen. Resistance agents killed an estimated 400 Danish Nazis, informers and collaborators until 1944. After that date, they also killed some German nationals.

After the war the Resistance was supported by politicians within Denmark and there was little effort to closely examine the killings. Studies were made in the late 20th and early 21st centuries, and people learned that there was sometimes improvised and contingent decision making about the targets, with some morally ambiguous choices. 


Janet Benshoof

Janet Benshoof (May 10, 1947 – December 18, 2017) was an American human rights activist and lawyer. She was born in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota. She was the President and Founder of the Global Justice Center. She founded the Center for Reproductive Rights, the world's first international human rights organization focused on reproductive choice and equality.

Benshoof died of uterine cancer on December 18, 2017 in Manhattan, New York at the age of 70.

Uterine cancer

Uterine cancer, also known as womb cancer, is any type of cancer that starts from the tissue of the uterus. It can refer to several types of cancer, with cervical cancer being the most common type worldwide and the second most common cancer in women in developing countries. Endometrial cancer (or cancer of the inner lining of the uterus) is the second most common type, and fourth most common cancer in women from developed countries.

Risk factors depend on specific type, but obesity, older age, and human papillomavirus infection add the greatest risk of developing uterine cancer. 

Early on, there may be no symptoms, but irregular vaginal bleeding, pelvic pain or fullness may develop. If caught early, most types of uterine cancer can be cured using surgical or medical methods. When the cancer has extended beyond the uterine tissue, more advanced treatments including combinations of chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or surgery may be required.

Florence Bjelke-Petersen

Florence Isabel Bjelke-Petersen (née Gilmour; 11 August 1920 – 20 December 2017) was an Australian politician and writer. She was a member of the Australian Senate from 1981 to 1993. She was re-elected at the 1983 and 1987 elections (both double dissolutions), and her term expired on 30 June 1993.

Bjelke-Petersen was the wife of the longest-serving Premier of Queensland, Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen. She was styled as Lady Bjelke-Petersen upon her husband's knighthood, and was also known informally as Lady Flo.

Lady Bjelke-Petersen died in Kingaroy, Queensland on 20 December 2017 of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 97, after suffering a short illness.


Henryk Cioch

Henryk Cioch (30 July 1951 – 20 December 2017) was a Polish lawyer, professor and politician. He was born in Lubaczów, Poland. He served of the Senate of Poland upon winning his senate seat in 2011 as an Independent. He retired in 2015. He was the deputy dean of the Faculty of Law, Canon Law and Administration, held the chair of Civil Law at the Catholic University of Lublin and a member of the Scientific Society of Lublin.

Cioch died on 20 December 2017 in Lublin, Poland of complications from a staph infection at the age of 66.


List of A.N.T. Farm episodes

A.N.T. Farm is a Disney Channel original series that follows Chyna Parks (China Anne McClain) and her two best friends Olive Doyle (Sierra McCormick) and Fletcher Quimby (Jake Short) as they transition to a gifted program called "Advanced Natural Talents" (also known as A.N.T.) at a local high school named Webster High. Disney renewed "A.N.T. Farm" for its second season November 30, 2011. Filming for season two began in early February 2012. A.N.T Farm has since ceased production.


On October 2, 2012, Disney Channel officially renewed "A.N.T. Farm" for a third season. This season premiered on May 31, 2013. 

Annie Goetzinger

Annie Goetzinger (18 August 1951 – 20 December 2017) was a French comics artist and graphic novelist. She was born in Paris, France. From the mid-1970s until her death in 2017, she worked on award-winning graphic novels as well as press cartoons for newspapers such as "La Croix" and "Le Monde".

Goetzinger was known for her research and attention to detail, carefully creating a style influenced by Art Nouveau. Goetzinger's background in fashion drawing and costume design shows through in her work as well. In 2016, she was hired to illustrate a recap of New York Fashion Week for "New York" Magazine.

Her earliest works were illustrations for short comic stories published in French comic magazines like "Pilote", "Charlie Mensuel" and "Fluide Glacial".

Goetzinger died on December 20, 2017 in Paris of endometrial cancer at the age of 66.

Red Murrell

Phillip "Red" Murrell (February 23, 1933 – December 20, 2017) was an American basketball player. He was born in Linneus, Missouri. He was best known for his college career at Drake University from where he played from 1955 through 1958. His sports number 33 was retired by the university. He won the NJCAA champion in 1955 and the AAU All-American in 1960.

Murrell died on December 20, 2017 in Bartlesville, Oklahoma of coronary artery disease at the age of 84.

Len Cariou

Leonard Joseph "Len" Cariou (born September 30, 1939) is a Canadian actor.

Cariou is best known for his role of Sweeney Todd in the original cast of "", which earned him a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical and a Drama Desk Award in 1979. He now plays Henry Reagan, NYPD Police Commissioner (retired), in the multi-generational television series "Blue Bloods" on CBS.


Spotlight (movie)

Spotlight is a 2015 American biographical-crime-drama directed by Tom McCarthy and written by McCarthy and Josh Singer. The movie is about "The Boston Globe"'s "Spotlight" team, the oldest operating newspaper investigative journalist unit in the United States, and its investigation into cases of widespread and systemic child sex abuse in the Boston area by many Roman Catholic priests.

It is based on a series of stories by the "Spotlight" team that earned "The Globe" the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. The movie stars Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, John Slattery, Stanley Tucci, Brian d'Arcy James, Liev Schreiber, Billy Crudup and Richard Jenkins with Len Cariou as Cardinal Bernard Francis Law.

The movie was released on November 6, 2015, by Open Road Films and grossed $92 million worldwide. It won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2016.

Dunblane massacre

The Dunblane massacre took place at Dunblane Primary School in Dunblane, Stirlingshire, Scotland, on 13 March 1996.

Thomas Hamilton killed 16 children and a teacher before committing suicide. It is the deadliest mass shooting in British history.

Later, and influenced by this event, two new Firearms Acts were passed. They greatly restricted private ownership of firearms in Great Britain.


 

Borsele

Borsele, Zeelandic: "Bossele", is a municipality on the former island of Zuid-Beveland, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 23,000 people were living in Borsele in 2017.

The Western Scheldt is to the south of the municipality.

The north entrance of the Western Scheldt Tunnel is in Borsele.

Borssele Nuclear Power Station is also in the municipality.

Mortimer L. Downey

Mortimer Leo Downey, III (August 9, 1936 in Springfield, Massachusetts – November 2, 2023 in Oakton, Virginia) was the U.S. Deputy Secretary of Transportation from 1993 to 2001.

Antigonish

Antigonish (; , ) is a town in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada. 

Notes
Citations
Works cited


Middleton, Nova Scotia

Middleton is a Canadian town in Annapolis County, Nova Scotia. 


Accept

Accept may refer to:



The Terminal

The Terminal is an American comedy-drama movie. It was released in 2004. Steven Spielberg directed the movie. Tom Hanks and Catherine Zeta-Jones were the main actors. This movie is about a man who cannot leave New York's John F. Kennedy Airport terminal. He is denied entry into the United States and also can not return to his native country because of a military coup.



Thusis

Thusis (, ) is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Mutten merged into the municipality of Thusis.


Cousin marriage

Cousin marriage is marriage between cousins. In some places like the Middle East it is common. In other places it is illegal. A famous cousin marriage is that between Charles Darwin and his wife Emma. 

It is believed that the general laws and customs relating to marriage have been influenced by examples of birth defects. Most societies have some kind of limitation to marriages of the type: the closer the genetic relationship, the more likely it is to be banned.

So, the main argument against cousin marriages is that it increases the likelihood of genetic defects occurring in children of such marriages. The classic example of this is the occurrence of haemophilia (and some other conditions) in the royal families of Europe. The repeated marriages between close relatives increased the chance of recessive genes arriving on both chromosomes of a pair, so causing defects to appear. Of course, pre-scientific societies would not have known this. However, they would have seen the results of continual close marriages, such as the brother-sister matings in the Ancient Egyptian royal lines.


Jamie Kennedy

James Harvey "Jamie" Kennedy (born May 25, 1970) is an American stand-up comedian, television producer, screenwriter and actor. He was born in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. He came to prominence in the late 1990s for playing Randy Meeks in the "Scream" movie series. Kennedy formed a production company called Wannabe Producers, alongside Josh Etting, through which he has produced the shows "The Jamie Kennedy Experiment", "Blowin' Up", "The Starlet", and "Living with Fran". Following "Malibu's Most Wanted", in which he both wrote and acted, Kennedy co-wrote the MTV show "Blowin' Up" (2006) featuring his friend Stu Stone. In 2008, Kennedy released the documentary "Heckler," about the plight of stand-up comics versus their often-aggressive audiences.

Cathy Weseluck

Catherine Weseluck (born August 21, 1970) also credited as Cathy Weseluck is a Canadian actress, comedian, singer, and voice actress. 

She was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Weseluck often works with Ocean Productions in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. She acts the voice for characters in anime series. She is the voice of mothers or little boys. Major roles include Near in "Death Note" and Spike in "".

Kapampangan language

The Pampangan language or Kapampangan is one of the main languages of the Philippines. It is spoken in the province of Pampanga, most parts of Tarlac and Bataan.


Rudawa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Rudawa is a village in Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland. The village is on the road from Kraków to Trzebinia and by the Rudawa river. It is about west of Zabierzów and west of the city of Kraków.

Rząska

Rząska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is about southeast of Zabierzów and northwest of the city of Kraków.

FC Ingolstadt 04

FC Ingolstadt 04 is a football club from Ingolstadt, Germany.


Moosch

Moosch is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Cesar Department

Cesar Department is a department in the Caribbean Region of Colombia. The capital is Valledupar.

Chocó Department

Chocó Department is a department of Colombia known for its large Afro-Colombian population. It is in the west of the country. It is on the border to Panama. The capital is Quibdó.

The Chocó Department makes up most of the ecoregion known as El Chocó that extends from Panama to Ecuador.

WWE Clash of Champions

WWE Clash of Champions is a professional wrestling event produced annually by WWE, a Connecticut–based professional wrestling promotion, and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view (PPV) and the WWE Network.

Cham (singer)

Damian Beckett (born 24 February 1979), known as Cham (and previously known as Baby Cham), is a Jamaican rapper, singer-songwriter and actor. He is best known for his 2006 hit singles "Ghetto Story", Ghetto Story Chapter 2 (featuring Alicia Keys) and "Vitamin S"

June Rowlands

June Rowlands (May 14, 1924 – December 21, 2017) was a Canadian politician. She was born in Toronto. She was the 60th mayor of Toronto, Ontario, serving from 1991 through 1994. She was the first woman to hold that office. She served a longtime city councillor, unsuccessful federal candidate, and chair of the Metropolitan Toronto Police Commission.

Rowlands was known during her mayoral term clashing with youth riots and was criticized for her actions which related to political correctness. After one term in office, Rowlands was defeated in 1994 by Barbara Hall, and retired from politics.

Rowlands died on December 21, 2017 in Toronto of Parkinson disease-related complications at the age of 93.

Spartacus League

The Spartacus League () was a Marxist revolutionary movement in Germany during World War I. The League was named after Spartacus, leader of the largest slave rebellion of the Roman Republic. Karl Liebknecht, Rosa Luxemburg, Clara Zetkin, and others started the group. The League later changed its name to the Kommunistische Partei Deutschlands (KPD). It joined the Comintern in 1919. It was most active during the German Revolution of 1918. The League wanted to start a revolution through its newspaper, "Spartacus Letters."


Manouchehr Boroumand

Manouchehr Boroumand (26 March 1934 – 21 December 2017) was an Iranian heavyweight weightlifter. He was born in Babolsar, Iran. He was selected for the 1960 Summer Olympics, but withdrew in the last moment due to an illness.

Boroymand also missed the 1962 Asian Games because Iran did not send a delegation there. At the 1964 Summer Olympics he placed 12th. Boroumand was known for his victory in 1966, when he won a gold medal at the Asian Games. He became the first Asian weightlifter to cross the 500 kg barrier in the total, which he has done at the world championships.

Boroymand died of a cerebral hemorrhage on 21 December 2017 in Babolsar at the age of 83.

Jerry Yellin

Jerome "Jerry" Yellin (February 15, 1924 – December 21, 2017) was a former United States Army Air Forces fighter pilot. He flew the final combat mission of World War II in a North American P-51 Mustang against a military airfield near Tokyo on August 14, 1945 (August 15, 1945 local time in Tokyo). 

Yellin's mission was executed five days after a U.S. Army Air Force Boeing B-29 Superfortress named Bockscar had dropped a second American nuclear weapon on Japan, with the second being dropped on the Japanese city of Nagasaki.

Yellin died of lung cancer in Orlando, Florida on December 21, 2017 at the age of 93.

Clifford Irving

Clifford Michael Irving (November 5, 1930 – December 19, 2017) was an American novelist, investigative reporter and convicted fraudster. He was born in New York City. Although he published 20 novels, he was best known for an "autobiography" allegedly written as told to Irving by billionaire recluse Howard Hughes.

The fictional work was to have been published in 1972. After Hughes denounced him and sued the publisher, McGraw-Hill, Irving and his collaborators confessed to the hoax. He was sentenced to years in prison, of which he served 17 months.

Irving wrote "The Hoax" (1981), his story of events surrounding the development and sale of the fake autobiography.

Irving died on December 19, 2017 in Sarasota, Florida of pancreatic cancer at the age of 87.

Stan Pilecki

Stanislaus Josef "Stan" Pilecki (4 February 1947 – 20 December 2017) was an Australian rugby union player. He played 18 times for the national team, the Wallabies, between 1978 and 1984. He also played for the Queensland in 122 games.

Pilecki was born in refugee camp in Augustdorf, Germany. His parents were Polish. He grew up in Queensland, Australia.

Pilecki died of a short illness on 20 December 2017 at his home in Jindalee, Queensland. He was 70.

Ken Catchpole

Kenneth William "Ken" Catchpole (21 June 1939 – 21 December 2017) was an Australian rugby union player. He played 27 times for the national team, the Wallabies, between 1961 and 1968. He also played for the New South Wales in 27 games. He was sometimes called one of the best Australian scrum-halves. He was born in Paddington, New South Wales.

Catchpole died on 21 December 2017, at the age of 78.


Hiep Thi Le

Hiep Thi Le (; November 30, 1971 – December 19, 2017) was a Vietnamese-American actress. She was known for her role in "Heaven & Earth" (1993). She appeared in "Bugis Street" (1995, released in the United States in 1997) and co-starred in the little-scene "Dead Man Can't Dance" (1997).

On February 23, 2014, Le appeared on the Food Network game show "Chopped", appearing and competing in the eighteenth-season episode "Beer Here!".

Le died on December 19, 2017 in Los Angeles, California from stomach cancer at the age of 46.

Francelino Pereira

Francelino Pereira dos Santos (2 July 1921 – 21 December 2017) was a Brazilian politician. From 1995 to 2003, he was a member of the Federal Senate. He also served as Governor of Minas Gerais from 1979 to 1983 and as Deputy from 1963 to 1979. He was born in Angical do Piauí, Brazil.

Pereira died at the age of 96 on 21 December 2017 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil of pneumonia.


Dylan Bruce

Dylan Bruce (born April 21, 1980) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his roles as Chris Hughes on the CBS daytime soap opera "As the World Turns" and Paul Dierden on the BBC America/Space science fiction series "Orphan Black". He has also had small roles in "Passions", "Joey", "Las Vegas", "" and "The Sopranos".

Bruce was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He grew up in Boundary Bay.

Steven Van Zandt

Steven Van Zandt (' Lento; November 22, 1950), also known as Little Steven and Miami Steve"', is an American musician and actor. He is a member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band, in which he plays guitar and mandolin. As an actor, he is known for his roles as Silvio Dante in the HBO drama series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007) and Frank Tagliano / Giovanni "Johnny" Henriksen on the NRK1 drama "Lilyhammer" (2012–2014). He was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014.

Van Zandt was born in Winthrop, Massachusetts. He has Italian ancestry. He grew up in Middletown Township, New Jersey. He married Maureen Santoro in 1982.


Tram stop

A tram stop is a place where a tram stops so passengers can get on or get off. Tram stops are similar to bus stops, but because trams move on rails, they may include railway platforms. Platforms are needed if the tram system uses stepless entries for accessibility. However, trams may also stop at mid-street pavements when they run along streets.

A tram stop may also be called a tram station or streetcar stop.


Flag of the Gambia

The national flag of the Gambia has three horizontal red, blue and green stripes separated by two thinner white stripes. The flag has a width-to-length ratio of 2:3.

Sils im Domleschg

Sils im Domleschg () is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Freihof, Campi and Albula.


Yoshkar-Ola

Yoshkar-Ola (; ) is the capital city of the Mari El Republic, Russia. 248,782 people lived in the city in 2010.

Yoshkar-Ola is the capital of the Mari El Republic in western Russia. In the city center, the National Art Gallery hosts changing exhibits in a Renaissance-style building. The Museum of the History of Yoshkar-Ola displays military artifacts and folk art in a former merchant’s house. The green-domed Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ is nearby. The riverside Republican Puppet Theater resembles a medieval castle.

It used to be named Tsaryovokokshaysk () before 1919, as Krasnokokshaysk () between 1919 and 1927



Springdale, Ohio

Springdale is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. 11,007 people lived there in the 2020 census.


Mooslargue

Mooslargue is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Pia Olsen Dyhr

Pia Olsen Dyhr is a Danish politician, member of the Danish Parliament, the Folketing, and leader of the democratic socialist party SF (Socialist People's party) since 13th February, 2014. She took over as leader from Annette Vilhelmsen.

Dyhr was previously Minister for Trade and Investment (3rd October 2011 - 9th August 2013) and Minister for Transport (9th August 2013 - 3rd February 2014).

Pia Olsen Dyhr at the Danish Parliament 

Starrkirch-Wil

Starrkirch-Wil is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


National Volleyball Association

The National Volleyball Association (NVA) is a men's professional volleyball league in America composed of 10 teams. NVA is an active member of USA Volleyball (Teamusa) which is recognized by FIVB (also known as the International Volleyball Federation) as the national governing body for volleyball in the United States.

Charles Zentai

Charles Zentai (born Károly Steiner; October 8, 1921 – December 13, 2017) was a Hungarian-born resident of Australia accused of a Holocaust-related war crime. He has lived in Perth, Australia for many years after living in the American- and French-occupied zones of post-World War II Germany. He was born in Budapest.

Zentai was on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals until 2013. On 8 July 2005, Zentai was arrested by the Australian Federal Police to await an extradition hearing. Zentai's family say the 86-year-old widower, who has heart disease and peripheral neuropathy, would not survive the trip to Hungary.

Zentai died in Perth on December 13, 2017 of heart disease and peripheral neuropathy at the age of 96.

Reinhart Fuchs

Reinhart Fuchs (September 28, 1934 — December 16, 2017) was a German chess player, international master (1962). In the national team of the GDR party of six Chess Olympiads (1956-1966) and IV European team championship (1970) in Kapfenberg. He was born in Berlin.

Fuchs died on December 16, 2017 in Berlin at the age of 83.


Åke Hellman

Åke Fredrik Hellman (19 July 1915 – 18 December 2017) was a Finnish still life and portrait artist and art professor. He has worked as art teacher at the University of Helsinki. In 1963, he received the order of the Lion of Finland. He was born in Helsinki.

Hellman turned 100 on 19 July 2015. He died on 18 December 2017 in Borgå, Finland, at the age of 102.


Seal (musician)

Henry Olusegun Adeola Samuel (born 19 February 1963), better known as Seal, is a British singer and songwriter. He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide. He is best known for his song "Kiss from a Rose". The worldwide hit was used for the soundtrack of the movie "Batman Forever" (1995). He has won three Brit Awards, four Grammy Awards and an MTV Video Music Award. He has also won two Ivor Novello Awards for the songs "Killer" and "Crazy". He was a coach on "The Voice" in Australia for the 2012, 2013 and 2017 seasons.

Seal was born in Paddington, London. His mother is Nigerian and his father is Brazilian. He was married to German model Heidi Klum from 2005 to 2015. They have four children. 

Seal has scarring on his face caused by a type of lupus called discoid lupus erythematosus.


March Fong Eu

March Kong Fong Eu (; March 29, 1922 – December 21, 2017) was an American politician. She was a member of the California State Assembly and went on to serve as Secretary of State of California. She was born in Oakdale, California. She served under the governships on Jerry Brown, Pete Wilson and George Deukmejian. Eu was a member of the Democratic Party.

In 1987 Eu was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the U.S. Senate, running against Leo McCarthy for the right to challenge the Republican incumbent, Pete Wilson. Eu dropped out later that year.

President Bill Clinton appointed Eu as United States Ambassador to the Federated States of Micronesia in 1994. She served in that post until 1996.

Eu died on December 21, 2017 in Irvine, California following surgery after suffering a fall, at age 95.

Halvard Kausland

Halvard Magne Kausland (25 April 1945 – 21 December 2017) was a Norwegian jazz guitarist, composer and civil servant. He was born in Sund, Sotra, Norway. Kausland was also a well-known jazz guitarist, having played in the band of Ole Paus among other things. Kausland had been appointed as acting director of the Arts Council Norway from 1 November 1996 to 31 March 2000.

From 1966 to 1979 he was married to Grethe Kausland.

Kausland died of thyroid cancer in Oslo on 21 December 2017 at the age of 72.

Bruce McCandless II

Bruce McCandless II (June 8, 1937 – December 21, 2017), (Capt, USN, Ret.), was an American naval officer and aviator, electrical engineer, and NASA astronaut. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. During the first of his two Space Shuttle missions he made the first ever untethered free flight using the Manned Maneuvering Unit in 1984. This action was settled amicably on January 14, 2011.

He logged more than 5,200 hours flying time, including 5,000 hours in jet aircraft.

On December 21, 2017, McCandless died in Denver, Colorado at age 80. 


Roswell Rudd

Roswell Hopkins Rudd Jr. (November 17, 1935 – December 21, 2017) was an American jazz trombonist and composer. He was born in Sharon, Connecticut. Although he worked in many genres of jazz (including Dixieland, which he performed while in college) and other genres of music, he was known primarily for his work in free and avant-garde jazz. 

From 1962 until his death in 2017, Rudd had worked extensively with saxophonist Archie Shepp. He was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1999.

Rudd died on December 21, 2017 of prostate cancer in Kerhonkson, New York at the age of 82.


Jason Lowndes

Jason Lowndes (14 December 1994 – 22 December 2017) was an Australian cyclist. He was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. He rode professionally for Garneau–Québecor, Drapac Professional Cycling and Israel Cycling Academy teams.

Lowndes died after being hit from behind by a car near Bendigo, Victoria at the age of 23.

Gerald B. Greenberg

Gerald Bernard "Jerry" Greenberg (July 29, 1936 – December 22, 2017) was an American movie editor with more than 40 feature movie works. He was born in New York City. Greenberg won both the Academy Award for Film Editing and the BAFTA Award for Best Editing for the movie "The French Connection" (1971). In the 1980s, he edited five movies with director Brian De Palma. He also worked on "Apocalypse Now" and "Scarface".

Greenberg died on December 22, 2017 in Santa Monica, California of a stroke at the age of 81.

Silvia Legrand

María Aurelia Paula Martínez Suárez, known professionally as Silvia Legrand (23 February 1927 – 1 May 2020), was an Argentine movie actress. She co-starred with her twin sister Mirtha Legrand, in many movies and was the sister of director José A. Martínez Suárez. She starred in some 20 movies between 1940 and 1972. Legrand was known for her roles in "Educating Niní" (1940) and in "Seven Women" (1944).

Legrand died of cardiac arrest on 1 May 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 93.


Mirtha Legrand

Rosa María Juana Martínez Suárez (born 23 February 1927), known by her stage name Mirtha Legrand is an Argentine actress and television presenter. She is the twin sister of Silvia Legrand. She is known for her roles in "Educating Niní" and in "Los martes, orquídeas" (1941).

With a 72-year career, Legrand is one of the most popular entertainment figures in Argentina. Despite having appeared in 36 movies and twelve theatrical performances, Legrand is best known for her television programmes.

Her brother was movie director José A. Martínez Suárez.


Dick Savitt

Richard Savitt (March 4, 1927 – January 6, 2023) was an American tennis player.

In 1951, at the age of 24, he won both the Australian and Wimbledon men's singles championships. Savitt was mostly ranked world No. 2 the same year behind fellow amateur Frank Sedgman, though was declared world No. 1 by The New York Times and The Owosso Argus-Press following his Wimbledon victory. He retired the next year. Savitt is one of four American men who have won both the Australian and British Championships in one year, following Don Budge (1938) and preceding Jimmy Connors (1974) and Pete Sampras (1994 and 1997).

Savitt died on January 6, 2023, in Manhattan, New York City. He was 95.

Reimerswaal

Reimerswaal, Zeelandic: "Reimerswaol", is a municipality on the former island of Zuid-Beveland, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 22,000 people were living in Reimerswaal in 2017.

North of the municipality lies the Eastern Scheldt, south the Western Scheldt.

Reimerswaal borders the Province of North Brabant, and the Belgian Province of Antwerp (just a small piece).

Yerseke is the biggest village in Reimerswaal. It is famous for its breeding of blue mussels and oysters.

Villages with people in the municipality of Reimerswaal:

Doki Doki Literature Club!

Doki Doki Literature Club! is a visual novel that was created by Team Salvato. It was released on 22 September 2017 for Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux. On 6 October 2017, it was released for Steam. The story involves a high school student that joins the school's Literature Club and the way the character interacts with its four female members. At first, it looks like a light anime dating simulator, but it soon becomes a psychological horror game. It is a game that breaks the fourth wall very often.

The creator of the game, Dan Salvato, was working on the game for close to two years. Before creating this game, Salvato created modifications, or "mods", to "Super Smash Bros. Melee". At first, "Doki Doki Literature Club!" was released on itch.io then released on Steam. The game is free, but if you pay $10, you can receive the downloadable content. The game got more than one million downloads three months after it was released.

On June 30, 2021, Team Salvato and Serenity Forge released an expanded version of the original game, Doki Doki Literature Club Plus!, to Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Series S, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 and Nintendo Switch. The expansion was later released to macOS on August 12, 2021.

"Doki Doki Literature Club!" is a visual novel, so most of the game is the player reading the game's story. Sometimes, the player has to make decisions that change how the story goes.

The game has a poetry minigame where the player chooses certain words. These words correspond to a certain girl. If certain words are picked, different parts of the story can be viewed. The game also makes the player view some of the files that the game uses to play.

The game has a lot of foreshadowing that tells the player certain things about the story. If the player decodes the character files, there are extra stories unlocked. At certain times special files appear in the game files. Text documents show up about the next scenes.

The player's character is invited by his childhood friend, Sayori, to join the Literature Club. He meets the other members of the club. They are Natsuki, Yuri, and Monika. The player begins to get involved in the club and getting to know the girls better. Near the end of the first act, Sayori tells the player that she has depression and loves the player. Sayori soon commits suicide by hanging herself. The game shows a lot of glitches and it restarts.

When the player begins a new game, the game is very close to the first run, but Sayori is missing. If Sayori is mentioned, the game glitches and she appears as a mix of all the other characters' appearances. The player gets involved in the club again and gets closer to either Natsuki or Yuri. Unusual events happen, like only being able to choose Monika's options. Yuri soon stabs herself several times and dies, or Natsuki's neck cracks and she dies. The game glitches again and it restarts again.

With the new game, only Monika is alive. She tells the player that she knows she is in a game and can change the character files. She reveals that she pushed Sayori and Yuri to kill themselves. She continues talking for a long period of time. To stop this, the player has to delete her character file. When this happens, the game glitches again, and restarts.

In the new game, Sayori, Yuri and Natsuki are alive, but Monika is gone. Sayori tells the player that she knows about Monika and how she is in a game. She becomes very obsessive. Monika comes back to delete Sayori and the game glitches. The end credits come and Monika sings a song called "Your Reality".

After the game was released, "Doki Doki Literature Club!" got a very devoted fanbase very quickly. The game got more than one million downloads three months after it was released. One month after that, the game got more than two million downloads.

Many critics said good things about the game. Gita Jackson, a journalist that works for Kotaku said that "Doki Doki Literature Club!" was "a truly special game". She also said that "if you like horror games, especially ones that really get under your skin, please check out "Doki Doki Literature Club"." Tom Philip, who is a journalist for GQ said that the game was "one of the scariest games I have ever played."

"Doki Doki Literature Club!" won a few awards. At the IGN Best of 2017 awards, it won the People's Choice Awards for "Best PC Game", "Best Adventure Game", "Best Story", and "Most Innovative".


Shinjitai

Shinjitai (kanji: 新字体, kana:しんじたい) literally means "new character forms" in Japanese. These are kanji (the Japanese word for Chinese characters) that were simplified in Japan after World War II. At that time the Japanese government changed the writing system by replacing many kyūjitai (kanji: 旧字体, kana: きゅうじたい, meaning: old character forms) by making simpler characters. These newer characters had the exact same meaning and pronunciations as the older ones, but they could be written with fewer strokes of a pen. For example, the character 樂 simplified to 楽. Some shinjitai characters are also used as simplified Chinese characters. For example, the character 国 is used in both Japanese and simplified Chinese. However, most shinjitai look more like traditional Chinese characters (called kyūjitai in Japanese) than even simplified Chinese characters do, and there are also far fewer shinjitai than simplified Chinese characters. While most Japanese words these days use the shinjitai form, there are a few words where writing the kyūjitai form is still common. For example, the word "dragon" is usually written using the shinjitai character 竜, but writing the kyūjitai character 龍 for it is also still quite common. For most kanji, however, the shinjitai form is unchanged from the kyūjitai form.

Jesús Castillo Rangel

Jesús Castillo Rangel (24 October 1896 – 20 December 2017), also known as "Don Chuchito", was a Mexican revolutionary leader. He was born in Chiapas, Mexico. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living person in Mexico. His age and date of birth is verified by the Archivo General de la Nación. He fought in the Mexican Revolution in Quintana Roo.

Rangel died at the alleged age of 121 on 20 December 2017 in Quintana Roo, Mexico of respiratory failure.


John Joubert

John Pierre Herman Joubert ( ) (20 March 1927 – 7 January 2019) was a South African-born British composer who worked in choral works. 

A music academic at the universities of Hull and Birmingham for 36 years, Joubert took early retirement in 1986 to concentrate on composing and remained active into his 80s. 

Though perhaps his best known for his choral music, were the carols "Torches" and "There is No Rose of Such Virtue" and the anthem "O Lorde, the Maker of Al Thing". Joubert composed over 160 works including two symphonies, four concertos and seven operas.

Joubert was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He studied at Diocesan College, South African College of Music and at the Royal Academy of Music.

Joubert lived in Moseley, a suburb of Birmingham, England, for over 50 years at the time of his death. He died on 7 January 2019 in Moseley at the age of 91.


The Equals

The Equals were a British pop, R&B and rock group. They were formed in North London, England in 1965. They are mainly remembered for their million-selling UK number 1, "Baby, Come Back". Eddy Grant founded the group. The group's members were Grant, John Hall, Pat Lloyd, and twin brothers Derv and Lincoln Gordon. Grant left the group in 1971. The Equals stopped performing in 1979.

The Equals were one of the first racially united bands in the United Kingdom. Grant was born in Guyana, Hall and Lloyd were from London, and the Gordon brothers were born in Jamaica.

Eddy Grant

Edmond Montague "Eddy" Grant (born 5 March 1948) is a Guyanese-born British musician. He was a founding member of The Equals, one of the United Kingdom's first racially united music groups. He left the group in 1971. He is also known for a successful solo career that includes the platinum funk single "Electric Avenue" and the reggae song "I Don't Wanna Dance".

Grant was born in Plaisance, British Guiana (now Guyana). His younger brother, Rudy, is a reggae musician. In 1960, he moved to London to live with his parents.

Drea de Matteo

Andrea Donna "Drea" de Matteo (born January 19, 1972) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles on television such as Adriana La Cerva in the HBO drama series "The Sopranos", Angie Bolen in the ABC drama series "Desperate Housewives", Joey Tribbiani's sister Gina in the NBC sitcom "Joey" and Wendy Case in the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy". She won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her role on "The Sopranos" in 2004. She has starred as Detective Tess Nazario in the NBC crime-drama "Shades of Blue" since 2016.

De Matteo was born in Queens, New York. She is of Italian ancestry. She dated country musician Shooter Jennings from 2001 to 2013. They have two children. She became engaged to Michael Devin in 2015.

Cash Levy

Cassius "Clay" Levy is an American stand-up comedian and actor, best known for creating "Cashing in with T. J. Miller".

He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Edgar Wright

Edgar Howard Wright (born 18 April 1974) is a British movie director, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for directing the movies "Shaun of the Dead" (2004), "Hot Fuzz" (2007), "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" (2010), "The World's End" (2013), "Baby Driver" (2017), and "Last Night in Soho" (2021). He has also co-wrote the movies "The Adventures of Tintin" (2011) and "Ant-Man" (2015).

Wright was born in Poole, Dorset, England. He grew up in Wells, Somerset. He dated American actress Anna Kendrick from 2009 to 2013.


The New Zealand Herald

The New Zealand Herald is a daily newspaper published in Auckland, New Zealand. It is the most printed and sold newspaper in New Zealand. It peaked at over 200,000 copies daily in 2006.

The newspaper was founded in 1863. The current editor is Murray Kirkness.

Paulo Costanzo

Paulo Costanzo (born September 21, 1978) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his roles as Rubin Carver in the comedy movie "Road Trip" (2000), Joey Tribbiani's cousin Michael in the NBC sitcom "Joey" and as Evan R. Lawson in the USA Network drama series "Royal Pains".

Costanzo was born in Brampton, Ontario. He is of Italian and Jewish ancestry. He is color blind.

Andrey Zaliznyak

Andrey Anatolyevich Zaliznyak (29 April 1935 – 24 December 2017) was a Russian linguist, an expert in historical linguistics and grammar. He was born in Moscow. He was known for his attention to the popularizing of linguistics and to the struggle against pseudoscience. In 2004, he published a study of the Tale of Igor's Campaign.

Zaliznyak lectured in the Moscow University, University of Geneva, and University of Paris. Zaliznyak's first monograph, "Russian Nominal Inflection" (1967), remains a definitive study in the field. Ten years later, he published a highly viewed "Russian Grammar Dictionary".

Zaliznyak died on 24 December 2017 at the age of 82.

Charlotte Mailliard Shultz

Charlotte Mailliard Shultz, RVO (born Charlotte Smith; September 26, 1933 – December 3, 2021) was an American heiress and socialite. She was the Chief of Protocol for the state of California under Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the Chief of Protocol for the City and County of San Francisco under Mayor Ed Lee. She was born in Borger, Texas.

Mailliard was married to United States Secretary of State George P. Shultz from 1997 until his death in February 2021.

Mailliard died on December 3, 2021 from problems caused by breast cancer in Stanford, California at the age of 88.


Thann, Haut-Rhin

Thann is a commune in Alsace in north-eastern France, in the Haut-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

The "commmune" is in the historical and cultural region of Alsace. The name of the town comes from the German word "tanne" that means fir; there is a fir in the coat of arms of Thann.

Thann is in the southwest of the Haut-Rhin department at the foot of the Vosges mountains, at the mouth of the valley of the Thur river. The Thur runs through the middle of the town.

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Thann is at from Strasbourg, the regional capital; at from Colmar, the departamental capital; and at from Mulhouse.

The "commune" of Thann is surrounded by the "communes" Goldbach-Altenbach, Vieux-Thann, Leimbach and Bitschwiller-lès-Thann.

The climate of Thann, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Thann are known, in French, as "Thannois" (women: "Thannoises").

With a population of 7,915, Thann has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Thann

Thann is a subprefecture of the Haut-Rhin department since 1800. It is the capital of the Thann-Guebwiller "arrondissement". It is in the Cernay canton.

It is part of the intercommunality "Thann-Cernay".

Thann is twinned with:



Schortens

Schortens is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It has 12 districts: Schortens, Heidmühle, Grafschaft, Accum, Sillenstede, Schoost, Roffhausen, Middelsfähr, Addernhausen, Oestringfelde, Ostiem and Upjever.

Cyril Beavon

Cyril Beavon (27 September 1937 – 22 December 2017) was an English footballer. He played in the Football League for Oxford United.

Beavon died on 22 December 2017 at the age of 80.

Gotthard Base Tunnel

The Gotthard Base Tunnel (GBT; , , ) is a railway tunnel in Switzerland. With a route length of , it is the longest tunnel in the world. The link consists of two single-track tunnels connecting Erstfeld (Uri) with Bodio (Ticino) and passing below Sedrun (Graubünden). The main purpose of the Gotthard Base Tunnel is to increase local transport capacity through the Alpine barrier, especially for freight, notably on the Rotterdam–Basel–Genoa corridor, and more specifically to shift freight volumes from trucks to freight trains. This both significantly reduces the danger of fatal road crashes involving trucks, and reduces the environmental damage caused by heavy trucks. The tunnel provides a faster connection between the canton of Ticino and the rest of Switzerland, as well as between northern and southern Europe, cutting the Basel/Zurich–Lugano–Milan journey time for passenger trains by 1 hour (and from Lucerne to Bellinzona by 45 minutes). After 64 percent of Swiss voters accepted the NRLA project in a 1992 referendum, first preparatory and exploratory work began in 1996. The official start of construction began on 4 November 1999 at Amsteg. As of 1998, the total projected cost of the project was CHF 6.323 billion; as of December 2015, the final cost is projected as CHF 9.560 billion.


Mike Rutherford

Mike Rutherford (born 2 October 1950) is an English guitarist and songwriter. He is known as the bassist and guitarist of Genesis. He also had success with his band Mike and the Mechanics.

Trans, Switzerland

Trans is a village in the municipality of Tomils of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 2009 Trans joined Feldis/Veulden, Scheid and Tumegl/Tomils to become the municipality of Tomils.


Steve Hackett

Stephen Richard "Steve" Hackett is an English guitarist, singer and songwriter. He was the guitarist of Genesis from 1971 to 1977.

Goran Višnjić

Goran Višnjić (born September 9, 1972) is a Croatian actor. He was born in Šibenik, Croatia.

Višnjić has appeared in American and British movies and television productions. He is best known in the United States for his role as Dr. Luka Kovač on the NBC television series "ER". He plays Garcia Flynn on Timeless, also on NBC.

Morschwiller-le-Bas

Morschwiller-le-Bas is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2014, 3,621 people lived there.

TUI Group

TUI Group () is a multinational travel and tourism company headquartered in Hannover, Germany. It is the largest leisure, travel and tourism company in the world and owns travel agencies, hotels, airlines, cruise ships and retail stores. The company was founded in 1923.

The company is jointly listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange as a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.


Putumayo Department

Putumayo Department is a department in southwwest Colombia, bordering Ecuador and Peru. The capital is Mocoa.

Jerry Kindall

Gerald Donald Kindall (May 27, 1935 – December 24, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. He was born in St. Paul, Minnesota. Kindall played second base in the major leagues from 1956 to 1965 for the Chicago Cubs, Cleveland Indians and Minnesota Twins. He was the former baseball coach of the NCAA's Arizona Wildcats.

Kindall died on December 24, 2017 of a stroke in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 82.


Diana Athill

Diana Athill OBE (21 December 1917 – 23 January 2019) was a British literary editor, novelist and memoirist. She was born in Norfolk, England. She worked with some of the greatest writers of the 20th century at the London-based publishing company Andre Deutsch Ltd. She retired from Deutsch in 1993 at the age of 75, after more than 50 years in publishing.

Athill was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.

In 2008, she won the Costa Book Award for her memoir "Somewhere Towards The End", a book about old age.

Athill died on 23 January 2019 at the age of 101.

Stephanie Cole

Patricia Stephanie Cole, OBE (born 5 October 1941) is an English stage, television, radio and movie actress.

Cole is known for high-profile television roles in shows such as "Tenko" (1981–1985), "Open All Hours" (1982–1985), "A Bit of a Do" (1989), "Waiting for God" (1990–1994), "Keeping Mum" (1997–1998), "Doc Martin" (2004–2009), "Still Open All Hours" (2013–present) "Man Down" (2014–2017) and as Sylvia Goodwin in ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2011–2013).

In 2005, she was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the Queen's Birthday Honours List.

Olympiacos S.C.

Olympiacos S.C. is the men's volleyball team of the major Greek multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP, based in Piraeus. It was founded in 1926 and has won two CEV Cups, a record 31 Greek Volley League Championships, a record 16 Greek Cups, 2 Greek Super Cups, a record 6 Greek League Cups and a record 14 Doubles. Olympiacos is ranked among the top European volleyball clubs. From the early 1990s to the mid 2000s they played in 11 European Final Fours and reached six European Finals.


Pedro Pablo Kuczynski

Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Godard (; born 3 October 1938), better known simply as PPK, is a Peruvian economist, politician and public administrator. He is the 66th President of Peru serving from 2016 until his resignation in 2018. He previously served as Prime Minister of Peru from 2005 to 2006.

Kuczynski was a presidential candidate in the 2011 presidential election, placing third. Kuczynski went on to stand in the 2016 election, where he narrowly defeated Keiko Fujimori, daughter of former President Alberto Fujimori. He was sworn in as President on July 28, 2016.

On 15 December 2017, the Congress of Peru began impeachment proceedings against Kuczynski, after he was accused of lying about receiving payments from a scandal-hit Brazilian construction firm in the mid-2000s. However on 21 December 2017 the Peruvian congress lacked the majority of votes needed to impeach Kuczynski.

After further scandals and facing a second impeachment vote, Kuczynski resigned the presidency on 21 March 2018 following the release of videos showing alleged acts of vote buying, presenting his resignation to the Council of Ministers.

On April 10, 2019, he was arrested along with his secretary Gloria Kisic Wagner and his ex-driver José Luis Bernaola for an alleged crime of money laundering in the Odebrecht case. In turn, he authorized the Prosecutor's Office to search for 48 hours the homes linked to their surroundings in search of documents related to that case.



Aden

Aden ( "") is a port city in Yemen. It is at the Red Sea (the Gulf of Aden). About 800,000 people live there. Aden was controlled by the British Empire from 1839 to 1967.

2019 Cricket World Cup

The ICC Cricket World Cup 2019 was held in England and Wales. The tournament was the league tournament in the group stage. It was a knockout after the group matches. The top four teams from the round-robin group qualified for the semi finals.

The tournament lasted from 30 May to 14 July with a lot of ups and downs for every team but eventually it was the England cricket team that became the champions by defeating New Zealand in the Finals.

Ig Nobel Prize

The Ig Nobel Prize is a parody of the Nobel Prize, which is awarded every autumn to celebrate ten unusual or trivial achievements in scientific research. Since 1991, the Ig Nobel Prizes have been awarded to “honor achievements that first make people laugh, and then make them think.” The name of the award, the “Ig Nobel Prize” ( ) is a pun on the word "ignoble", an achievement “characterized by baseness, lowness, or meanness”, and is satirical social criticism that identifies absurd-sounding, yet useful research and knowledge.

Organized by the scientific humor magazine, the "Annals of Improbable Research" (AIR), the Ig Nobel Prizes are presented by Nobel laureates in a ceremony at the Sanders Theater, Harvard University, and are followed by the winners’ public lectures at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Cybercrime

Cybercrime is crime that uses a computer and computer network. There are many types of cybercrimes. These include doxxing, hacking, copyright issues, cyberterrorism and fraud. Many countries have laws against many types of online pornography. Some other actions can also be illegal such as cyberbullying, spying, child grooming or hebephilic behavior. Some governments have agencies that deal with computer crimes.

Cybercrime can include many different types of profit-driven criminal activity, including ransomware attacks, email and internet fraud, and identity fraud, as well as attempts to steal financial accounts, credit card or other payment card information. Cybercriminals may also target an individual's private information, as well as corporate data for theft and resale.

Cybercrime attacks can begin wherever there is digital data, opportunity and motive. Cybercriminals include everyone from the lone user engaged in cyberbullying to state-sponsored actors, like China's intelligence services. Cybercrimes generally do not occur in a vacuum; they are, in many ways, distributed in nature. That is, cybercriminals typically rely on other actors to complete the crime. This is whether it's the creator of malware using the dark web to sell code, the distributor of illegal pharmaceuticals, using cryptocurrency brokers to hold virtual money in escrow or state threat actors relying on technology subcontractors to steal intellectual property (IP).


Magnetic levitation

Magnetic levitation, maglev, or magnetic suspension is a method by which an object is suspended with no support other than magnetic fields. Magnetic force is used to counteract the effects of the gravitational acceleration and any other accelerations.

The two primary issues involved in magnetic levitation are "lifting forces": providing an upward force sufficient to counteract gravity, and "stability": ensuring that the system does not spontaneously slide or flip into a configuration where the lift is neutralized.

The sizes of magnets also has a role in the levitation. While using smaller magnets it is easier to control levitation and experimental conditions.

Magnetic levitation is used for maglev trains, contactless melting, magnetic bearings and for product display purposes.

Horseland (TV series)

Horseland is a Canadian–American animated television series. It was made by DIC Entertainment and Cookie Jar Group. The program is a comic mischief program that shows the events in the lives of a group of children riding at Horseland, Horseland is an equestrian school and stables. The adventures include riding the horses and entering in competitions to test their skill. The series had two different stories in each episode. It was cancelled after three season. A total of thirty-nine episodes were made. The series was first broadcast on September 16, 2006 on Discovery Channel's Discovery Kids block in the United States.

Heather Menzies

Heather Menzies-Urich (born Heather Margaret Brotherston Menzies; December 3, 1949 – December 24, 2017) was a Canadian-American model, activist and actress. She was best known for her roles as Louisa von Trapp in the 1965 movie "The Sound of Music" and Jessica 6 in the TV series "Logan's Run". She was born in Toronto, Ontario.

From 1975 until his death in 2002, she was married to actor Robert Urich.

Urich died on December 24, 2017 from brain cancer in Quinte West, Ontario at age 68. 


Rod Sykes

James Rodney Winter "Rod" Sykes (born May 19, 1929) is a Canadian politician. He served as the 30th Mayor of Calgary from 1969 to 1977. He served as leader of the Alberta Social Credit Party from 1980 to 1982. Sykes quit as party leader in 1982, frustrated by Social Credit's internal and financial problems. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

In 1984, he was nominated by Alan Clarke, Calgary East Federal Liberal Riding Association Vice President, to run for the Liberal Party for a seat in the House of Commons.

Heather North

Heather Lindsay May North (December 13, 1945 – November 29, 2017) was an American television and voice actress. She was best known for voicing Daphne Blake in the Scooby-Doo franchise. She was born in Pasadena, California. She began voicing Daphne in season 2 of "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!". She also appeared as Dr. Sandy Horton on "Days of Our Lives" from 1967 until 1972. 

North died on November 29, 2017, at her home in Studio City, California at the age of 71. The cause of death was cardiopulmonary arrest complicated by bronchitis.


LaToya Cantrell

LaToya Cantrell (born April 3, 1972) is an American politician. She is the mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana since 2018. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Cantrell has represented District B on the New Orleans City Council.


Dimitri (clown)

Dimitri Jakob Muller (September 18, 1935 – July 19, 2016) was a Swiss clown. He was born in Ascona, Switzerland. After graduating from school, Dimitri became an apprentice potter while studying music and theater. He went to Paris to study under Etienne Decroux, then Marcel Marceau. In 1971, Dimitri and his wife Gunda, started their own theatre. In 1975, he founded the "Scuola Teatro Dimitri" in Verscio. In 1973, he was awarded the Grock prize, and appeared with New York's Big Apple Circus. He was inducted into the International Clown Hall of Fame in 1995.

Dimitri died on July 19, 2016 in Borgnone, Ticino at the age of 80.

Cervelat

Cervelat, also cervelas, servelat or zervelat, is a sausage produced in Switzerland, France and parts of Germany. They contain a mixture of beef, bacon and pork rind. The cervelat is often referred to as the national sausage of Switzerland. Swiss cervelats are prepared and eaten cooked or raw. They are boiled, grilled or fried. They can also be served uncooked, either in a salad or with bread and mustard. The sausages are called "cervelas" in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, "Cervelat" in the German-speaking part, and "servelat" in the Italian-speaking part.

Stelio De Carolis

Stelio De Carolis (14 November 1937 – 22 December 2017) was an Italian politician. He was born in Fumone, Italy. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1987 to 1994. He served on the Senate between 1996 and 2001.

De Carolis was struck by a car on 22 December 2017 while crossing the Viale Primo Maggio in Meldola and died at the age of 80.

Mortzwiller

Mortzwiller used to be a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune Le Haut-Soultzbach.

Muespach

Muespach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in northeast France.



The Blue Party (Germany)

The Blue Party (German: "Die blaue Partei") was a right-wing conservative political party in Germany. It was formed on 17 September 2017 and dissolved in 2019. It split from the AfD after the 2017 election. The party tried to attract moderate former AfD voters.

The Blue Party was eurosceptic (meaning they were critical of the European Union). The party also wanted more restrictions on immigration. Many of the party's policies were similar to those of the AfD.


Julio Medina

Julio Medina Salazar (born 16 January 1933) is a Colombian actor. 

Medina was born in Chiquinquirá, Colombia. He studied at Pontifical Xavierian University and later at the Pasadena Playhouse after moving to the United States in 1954. He was enlisted in the United States Navy where he served for two years.

In 1965, he moved to Peru to make small movies, but moved to the United States afterwards. He made his acting debut in the television series "Gunsmoke". In his Hollywood career he has worked alongside Michael Douglas, Hal Holbrook, David Carradine and Sally Field. 

In 1984, Median returned to Colombia where he continued to make movies and telenovelas. 

Piyaa Albela

Piyaa Albela () is an Indian soap opera. It is made by Rajshri Productions. It is broadcast on Zee TV every Mon-Fri at 08:30 pm IST. The show is a love story, a modern telling of the love between Menaka and Vishwamitra.

The main actors, Akshay Mhatre and Sheen Das, started their careers in Indian television with this show. Producer Sooraj Barjatya worked for about eight years on "Piyaa Albela". The show began on March 6, 2017, replacing a popular Zee TV show, "Jamai Raja".

"Piyaa Albela" is a modern-day telling of the classic love story of Menaka and Vishwamitra. The story is about Naren and Pooja, who are very different from each other. 

The show revolves around Naren Vyas (Akshay Mhatre) and Pooja Goel (Sheen Dass).

Naren is on the path of spirituality, living as a recluse and cut off from worldly activities. Lost in his own world of meditation, he is a concern for his mother Supriya Vyas and father Harish Vyas, who belong to the affluent Vyas family. Pooja, on the other hand, is warm, confident and a complete people's person who can take care of herself and is deeply rooted in family values.

Naren's parents want Pooja to be Naren's caretaker. They ask Pooja to bring Naren back to the mortal, selfish world. Initially thinking Naren to be another rich boy, Pooja finally starts appreciating his genuine selfless nature. Naren and Pooja become best friends, and Pooja falls in love with him after he saves her from being raped by his cousin Rahul. Naren's wedding is fixed with Surbhi Singhania, the daughter of Harish's friend Yash Singhania, while Pooja has agreed to marry Dr. Anand. Naren's cousin Mayank falls in love with Pooja. His love for Pooja turns into an obsession, and he kills Anand on Pooja's wedding day. To save Pooja from humiliation, Naren steps in and marries her, while Surbhi ends up marrying Rahul.

Soon, Naren realizes that he also loves Pooja. Pooja finds out that her horoscope has some problems and feigns insulting Naren and his family so they can separate. Supriya meets with an accident trying to stop Pooja and becomes mentally unstable.

Pooja returns to Naren's life as Mrs. Kapoor. Naren, who was a simple and sober man, has become a ruthless womanizer. Pooja's friend, Mr Kapoor, tries to solve Pooja and Naren's misunderstanding but Rahul misleads Ashish into believing that Pooja has fallen in love with him. Ashish joins hands with Rahul and Surbhi. Naren falls in their trap and proposes marriage to Surbhi. Pooja records Ashish's confession and stops Surbhi and Naren's wedding. A guilt-stricken Naren apologises to Pooja but Ashish comes between and tries to kill Naren. Pooja shoots Ashish and Naren takes the blame. However, Kapoor reaches the court on time and saves Pooja.

Pooja and Naren's wedding preparations begin but Pooja meets with an accident while praying for Supriya's recovery. Supriya recovers and is able to stop Mayank's father Rakesh from attacking Pooja. After her accident, Pooja starts behaving like a child. Her uncle, Satish Gupta takes Pooja with him to their hometown Dehradun. To stop her from being sent to a mental asylum, Naren marries her and starts taking care of her.

It is revealed that Pooja has been feigning her illness to save Naren's grandfather from Kapoor who has been threatening to expose that Naren is not the biological son of Supriya and Harish. Kapoor kidnaps Pooja who finally kills him to protect Kashinath. Planning on ending her act, Pooja's half sister Naina Goel reveals Pooja's secret to Naren instead causing him to become furious with Pooja. Naina sets her eyes on Naren wanting to take revenge on Pooja who she thinks was always preferred by their father.

Naren's health deteriorates as a result of his excessive drinking. Pooja finds out Naren's real mother, Chandrika who is a prostitute. To hide this truth from the Vyas family, Satish and Pooja lie that Pooja is Chandrika's illegitimate daughter while Naina is Satish's legitimate niece. The Vyas family, except for Kashinath, start hating Pooja. Chandrika is allowed to stay with the family in the Vyas Mansion but is blamed for an attack on Supriya. The misunderstanding leads to Pooja and Chandrika leaving the house.

Mayank is dead. Pooja lives in Krishnapuri, a red-light area with Chandrika. Naren is standing for elections and visits Pooja everyday at Krishnapuri. Everyone thinks that Naren does this because he loves Pooja but only Chandrika, the Vyas family and Naren's assistant Danish know that Naren in fact hates Pooja. Pooja continues to fulfil her duty of a wife.

Naren hires a shooter to kill Pooja. On a trip to Dehradun, Naren realises Pooja's trust in him and calls the sharpshooter to call off the attack. Naren and Pooja consummate their marriage. At Naren's election rally, Pooja is shot at and Naren discovers that a woman called the sharpshooter to carry put the attack. He realises Pooja was aware of his initial plan and apologises but Pooja loses all trust in him. However, they team up to expose Naina as the culprit behind causing Supriya's attack and resulting paralysis, framing Chandrika for the attack, killing Mayank, abducting a heavily pregnant Surbhi and planning to kill Rahul and marry Naren.

Kashinath reveals that Naren is Chandrika's son. A heart-broken Naren leaves the Vyas Mansion. At an ashram, Naren and Pooja renew their marital vows. They meet Bela and Praveen, another newly-wed couple. Bela is an introvert while Praveen is an extrovert who often acts silly. Instigated by Rahul, Harish decides to kill Naren but Harsha, Naren's aunt, warns Pooja and Naren. Naren and Praveen meet with an accident and Praveen dies while Naren, needing a heart-transplant, receives Praveen's heart. A strange change appears in Naren's behaviour as he starts behaving like Praveen. It is revealed that Bela is planning to take revenge from Praveen's parents as they insulted her parents for drowny results in Bela's mother's death and her father's blindness. Under Bela's spell, Naren abducts Praveen's parents and Bela kills them but spares Naren for saving her father. Bela, then, surrenders to the police.

Naren's adoptive sister Meghna (Sangeita Chauhan) is blind and is about to marry Kunal Goenka, the man she loves. On their wedding day, Meghna is raped and suspicion falls on Naren as he was absent from the venue. Pooja saves Naren from the accusations. The next suspicion falls on Pooja's cousin Anuj Gupta, Danish, Rahul and Kunal. The real culprit tries to kill Surbhi and Pooja as they discover his real identity. Surbhi loses her child. It is revealed that Rahul's father, Hardik Vyas is the real culprit. Hardik is arrested and Meghna and Kunal are married.

Angraj (Sahil Uppal), Harish and Supriya's biological son, enters the Vyas Mansion. Angraj sets his eyes on Pooja, who he used to eve-tease and harass before her marriage, and starts plotting to kill Naren. On the day of Pooja's birthday, Anuj shoots Angraj trying to save Pooja but Naren shoots Anuj to defend his half brother resulting in both Angraj and Anuj dying causing tension between Naren and Pooja's families.

Angraj is revealed to be alive and gets plastic surgery, and returns with Naren's face and kidnaps the real Naren. Angraj (as Naren) takes Naren's place at home. After an interesting twist in the plot, Supriya herself kills Angraj.

The story ends with Supriya managing Angraj's foundation, Rahul and Surbhi having a baby boy, Anuj's wife Rachel (Sandhya Mehta) marries Rahul's half brother Arjun Vyas (Khushwant Walia), and Pooja gets pregnant with Naren's child.




Larry Libertore

Lawrence Paul "Lightning" Libertore, Jr. (November 18, 1939 – December 25, 2017) was an American college football player and later Lakeland, Florida real-estate agent as well as a state legislator as a Democrat. He was born in Canton, Ohio. He played for the Florida from 1960 through 1962.

Larry served as a Florida State Representative from 1970 to 1974.

Libertore died on December 25, 2017 of an aortic aneurysm in Lakeland, Florida at the age of 78.

Shahnon Ahmad

Shahnon bin Ahmad (January 13, 1933 – December 26, 2017) was a Malaysian writer, a National Laureate, and a former Member of Parliament serving from 1999 through 2004. He was awarded with the National Literary Award in 1982. He was also a Professor Emeritus at Universiti Sains Malaysia in Penang. He was born in Kedah, Malaysia.

One of his most famous books, "Ranjau Sepanjang Jalan" ("No Harvest but a Thorn", 1966) tells about a peasant family fighting not for life.

Ahmad died of bladder cancer in Kajang, Malaysia on December 26, 2017 at the age of 84.


Don Hogan Charles

Donald Hogan "Don" Charles (September 9, 1938 – December 24, 2017) was an American photographer. He was the first African-American staff photographer hired by "The New York Times". He was known for his photography during the Civil Rights Movement and of Malcolm X. He was born in New York City.

On December 24, 2017, Charles died in East Harlem, New York City of a currently unknown illness at the age of 79.

William Agee

William McReynolds Agee (January 5, 1938 – December 20, 2017) was an American business executive. He was born in Boise, Idaho. In 1976 at age 38, he was appointed president and chief executive officer (CEO) of the Bendix Corporation. From 1988 to 1995, Agee was the chairman, president, and CEO of Morrison-Knudsen.

Agee died of complications of respiratory failure at a Seattle hospital on December 20, 2017 at the age of 79.

Willie Toweel

Willie Michael Toweel (6 April 1934 – 25 December 2017) was a South African boxer. He won the bronze medal in the flyweight division (– 51 kg) at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. He was born in Benoni, Gauteng. He retired in 1960. His partner, Emile Griffith went on to win the Welterweight and Middleweight championships of the world.

As an Amateur, Toweel had won Junior and Senior South African Titles and won a bronze medal at the 1952 Olympic Games.

Toweel died on 25 December 2017 in Cape Town of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 83.


Héctor Morera Vega

Monseñor Héctor Morena Vega (20 February 1926 – 23 December 2017) was a Costa Rican Roman Catholic bishop. Morena Vegas was ordained to the priesthood in 1949. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tilaran, Costa Rica from 1979 to 2002. He was born in Tilarán, Costa Rica.

Morena Vegas died on 23 December 2017 of complications from pneumonia in Tilarán, aged 91.

Louise Redknapp

Louise Elizabeth Redknapp (née Nurding, born 4 November 1974), professionally known as Louise, is an English singer-songwriter and media personality. She was a member of Eternal, an R&B girl group which rose to fame in 1993 with their quadruple-platinum studio album "Always & Forever". In 1995 Louise left Eternal to start a solo career.

Redknapp has presented several television shows and was a judge on the UK version of "So You Think You Can Dance". She is married to the English former footballer Jamie Redknapp.

In 2016, she got to the final in the fourteenth series of BBC One's dance contest "Strictly Come Dancing".

Louise Elizabeth Nurding was born on 4th November 1974 in Lewisham, London. Her father was a builder and her mother worked at Gatwick Airport. Louise and her two younger brothers grew up in Eltham, London, and Oxted, Surrey.

While out at a nightclub at the age of 16, Louise met the music producer Denis Ingoldsby, who wanted to make an all-girl group. She subsequently introduced Denis to Kéllé Bryan. Kéllé and Louise and sisters Easther and Vernie Bennett, formed the band Eternal in 1992. The group performed R&B music and had a number of hits during the 1990s. Eternal's debut single "Stay" entered the UK charts at number four, and their debut album, "Always and Forever" became the first album by a female group to achieve over a million sales in the UK. Louise left the group in 1995 to start a solo career, whilst rumours went around saying she was forced to leave because a radio station in the United States that would play R&B would not promote the group.

Louise's debut solo album, "Naked", was released in 1996 on the back of the single's success.

In 1997, Louise returned with her second solo album, "Woman in Me", which peaked at number five in the UK and gained multi-platinum status.

In 2000, Louise released her third studio album, "Elbow Beach", calling it her "most personal" album to date.

After "Elbow Beach" was released, she had one album left on her five-album deal with EMI (including Eternal's "Always and Forever"). In 2001, the label decided to release the greatest-hits compilation "Changing Faces – The Best Of Louise".

On 15 August 2016, Redknapp was announced as a contestant for the fourteenth series of "Strictly Come Dancing". She reached the 2016 finals with professional dancer Kevin Clifton, but lost out on the title of series champion to BBC sports presenter Ore Oduba.

Louise married football player Jamie Redknapp in Bermuda on 29 June 1998. The couple got divorced on December 29, 2017 due to Jamie's "unreasonable behaviour".


Wyśmierzyce

Wyśmierzyce is a town in Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland. In 2004, 884 people lived there.

It lies along National Road Nr. 48, on the right, southern bank of the Pilica River. Historically Wyśmierzyce belongs to the province of Lesser Poland, and is on the border with Mazovia.


Mahabharat

Mahabharat is an Indian Hindi-language mythological television drama series. It is based on the Sanskrit epic "Mahabharata". This 2013 series is a remake of the 1988 TV series of the same name. It ran from 16 September 2013 to 16 August 2014, broadcast on Star Plus. The producer is Swastik Productions Pvt. Ltd. Because of it's Popularity, The Show is re running on Star Bharat from 14 May 2018 . The Show airs Monday To Saturday at 6:00 P.M.

Eco-nationalism

Eco-nationalism (or ecological nationalism) is the belief that a country should not use any foreign energy source, and should instead make their own clean energy. Eco-nationalism could also be a belief that a country's native species and landscapes are a part of it's cultural identity, and should be protected.

Eco-nationalist ideas were used in Estonian, Lithuanian and Ukrainian independence movements in the 1980's. Supporters were particularly against nuclear energy.

Haguenau

Haguenau is a commune in Alsace in north-eastern France, in the Bas-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

It is second in size in the Bas-Rhin only to Strasbourg, some to the south.

Haguenau is in the northern part of the Bas-Rhin department. The Moder river, a left tributary of the Rhine river, flows through the "commune".

It has an area of , the "commune" of Alsace with the largest territory. Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Haguenau to other cities are:

The "commune" of Haguenau is surrounded by 25 "communes" and so it is one of the "communes" in France with more surrounding "communes". The nearest "communes" are:

The climate of Haguenau, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Haguenau are known, in French, as "Haguenoviens" (women: "Haguenoviennes").

With a population of 34,761, Haguenau has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Haguenau

Haguenau is a subprefecture in the Bas-Rhin department since 1790. It is the capital of the Haguenau-Wissembourg "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Haguenau formed by 14 "communes", with 49,203 inhabitants (2014).

Haguenau has been twinned with Landau (Germany) since 1963.



Gualtiero Marchesi

Gualtiero Marchesi (; 19 March 1930 – 26 December 2017) was an Italian chef. He was thought to be the founder of modern Italian cuisine. He was born in Milan. He then opened his first restaurant on Via Bonvesin de la Riva in Milan. Within a year he earned his first Michelin star, with another following the next year. It took another seven years, but then he eventually won the distinction of a third Michelin star – the first chef in Italy to do so.

In 2011, Marchesi became the first celebrity chef to design two hamburgers and a dessert for McDonald's.

In May 2017, Marchesi and Director Maurizio Gigola presented the Documentary ""Marchesi: The Great Italian"" at the Cannes Film Festival.

Marchesi died in Rome on 26 December 2017 of cardiac arrest at the age of 87.


Molsheim

Molsheim is a commune in north-eastern France, in the Bas-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

The "commmune" is in the historical and cultural region of Alsace.

Molsheim is in the central part of the Bas-Rhin department, to the west of Strasbourg. The Bruche river, a left tributary of the Ill river, flows through the "commune".

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Molsheim to other cities are:

The "commune" of Molsheim is surrounded by the following "communes":

The climate of Molsheim, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Molsheim are known, in French, as "Molsheimois" or "Molshémiens" (women: "Molsheimoises").

With a population of 9,263, Molsheim has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Molsheim

Molsheim is a subprefecture in the Bas-Rhin department since 1919. It is the capital of the Molsheim "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Molsheim formed by 31 "communes", with 54,596 inhabitants (2014).

Molsheim is twinned with Gerbrunn (Germany).



Linda Hunt

Lydia Susanna Hunter (born April 2, 1945), better known by her stage name Linda Hunt, is an American actress. She first appeared on screen as Mrs. Oxheart in "Popeye" (1980).

Hunt's breakthrough came playing the male character Billy Kwan in "The Year of Living Dangerously" (1982), for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, becoming the first person to win an Oscar portraying a character of the opposite sex.

Hunt currently plays Henrietta "Hetty" Lange on the CBS television series "", a role she has held since the 2009 debut.

Hunt is a dwarf. She is openly lesbian.

Naked (Louise album)

Naked is the debut solo studio album by English singer Louise. Released on 24 June 1996 by EMI Records and 1st Avenue, it peaked at number seven in the UK Albums Chart.

All tracks written by Simon Climie/Denis Ingoldsby/Oliver Smallman, unless otherwise noted.



Woman in Me (Louise album)

Woman in Me is the second studio album by English singer Louise, released by EMI and 1st Avenue on 6 October 1997.


Elbow Beach (album)

Elbow Beach is the third studio album by English singer Louise. It was released on 31 July 2000 by EMI and 1st Avenue. "Elbow Beach" reached number twelve on the UK Albums Chart. Prior to the release of "Elbow Beach", Louise married her longtime boyfriend, footballer Jamie Redknapp. Louise then spent under a year making what she claimed was her "most personal album to date". It was named after the place they went on her honeymoon.


Evan Goldberg

Evan Goldberg (born May 11, 1982) is a Canadian screenwriter, movie producer and director. He has worked with his childhood friend Seth Rogen on many movies, including "Knocked Up" and "Superbad" (both 2007), "Pineapple Express" (2008), "This Is the End" (2013), "Neighbors" and "The Interview" (both 2014), "Sausage Party" and "" (both 2016). Goldberg and Rogen developed the AMC series "Preacher" (2016–present). He has also written for television shows such as "Da Ali G Show" and "The Simpsons".

Goldberg was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He grew up in Marpole. He is Jewish. He is married to Lisa Yadavaia.

WINNER

WINNER is a South Korean band formed by YG Entertainment in 2014. The group debuted on August 14, 2014, as 5 members with the album, ""2014 S/S"," but went on hiatus due to arguements over creative differences. In 2016, the group returned with the EP, "EXIT:E," originally meant to be the first part of the "EXIT" series. Unfortunately, the series was cancelled after Taehyun departed on November 26, 2016, due to health issues. The group returned for the first time as four members with the single album, "Fate Number For."

2021 German federal election

The 2021 German federal election was held on 26 September 2021.

Incumbent Chancellor Angela Merkel announced her retirement from politics in October 2018, by announcing she will not run for re-election for CDU Leader and Chancellor.

These parties have received at least 4% of the national vote in the last German federal election, and are predicted to win seats in this next election.

These parties received at least 0.5% of the national vote in the last German federal election.


YG Family

YG Family is a music group created by YG entertainment. The group is made up of the current artists under YG. They officially debuted in 1999 with the album, "Famillenium."

Dermot Morgan

Dermot John Morgan (31 March 1952 – 28 February 1998) was an Irish actor and comedian. He was best known for his role as Father Ted Crilly in the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted" (1995–1998). In 1999, a year after his death, the BAFTA Award for Best Comedy Performance was awarded to him. He also appeared on the panel show "Have I Got News for You". He was a schoolteacher before becoming a professional entertainer.

Morgan was born in Dublin. He was married to Susanne Garmatz. They had two children. He had another child with girlfriend Fiona Clarke.

Morgan died of a heart attack on 28 February 1998 in Hounslow, London, England. He was 45.

Lee Hi

Lee Ha-yi (Korean:이하이; stage name: Lee Hi), is a South Korean singer. Attending a performing arts high school, she began her career as a runner-up on "K-pop Star" and went on to record singles and albums.

In 2012, Lee Hi was the runner-up on "K-pop Star" Season 1, winning the prize to sign under either SM, YG, or JYP. After signing with YG, Lee Hi was set to debut with the girl group, SuPearls. However, this was cancelled. Lee Hi then appeared in the Epik High song, "It's Cold".

Her official debut as a solo artist was on October 24, 2012, with the single, "1, 2, 3, 4", followed by the full album "First Love". In 2014 and 2015, Lee Hi promoted with (then) 2NE1 member Park Bom and AKMU member Lee Suhyun in project groups BOM&HI and Hi Suhyun.

Three years after her debut, Lee Hi made a second solo album, "Seoulite".


Life Is Strange: Before the Storm

Life Is Strange: Before the Storm is a single-player graphic adventure video game. It was developed by Deck Nine. It was published by Square Enix. The game was released in three parts during 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It is a prequel to "Life Is Strange", released in 2015.

The game focuses on 16-year-old Chloe Price and her relationship with schoolmate Rachel Amber.



Goes

Goes, Zeelandic: "Goes" or "Hoes", is a municipality and town on the former island of Zuid-Beveland, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 37,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 27,000 people were living in the town in 2010.

Goes has had city rights since 1405.

Veere

Veere, Zeelandic: "(Ter) Veere", is a municipality and village on the (former) island of Walcheren, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 22,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 1,700 people were living in the village in 2010.

Veere has had city rights since 1355.

The town hall is in Domburg.

Your Lie in April

An anime television series was released in 2014 and 2015 and a live-action movie was released in 2016.

Kōsei Arima is a piano prodigy. He won many music competitions when he was young and became famous because of this. His mother was a cruel piano teacher. She died and Kōsei had a mental breakdown while playing the piano. Because of this, he can't hear the sound of his piano even though his hearing is fine.

After two years, Kōsei has not played the piano and he sees the world in monochrome. He keeps living his life with his friends Tsubaki and Watari. He meets Kaori Miyazono, a fourteen-year-old violinist that plays very freely. Kaori helps Kōsei play music again. Kōsei knows that he loves her, but she already likes Watari. Kaori forces Kōsei to do a performance with her,but she suddenly collapses after the performance and was sent to the hospital. She tells Kōsei that she is anemic but this is a lie. She had collapsed many times before when she was younger.

When Kaori comes back from the hospital, she invites Kōsei to play at a Gala with her. Kaori doesn't show up on the day of the Gala. As her health gets worse, she begins to give up on life and wants to kill herself. Kousei helps her keep going by playing a duet with Nagi Aiza, the sister of a fellow rival of his. After this, Kaori chooses to have a dangerous surgery that will kill her if it fails, just so that she can play with him one more time.

Kaori dies because of the surgery. Kōsei gets a letter from Kaori that is given to him by her parents at her funeral. The letter says that she was in love with Kōsei the whole time, and she lied that she liked Watari. She did this to get closer to him while not hurting Tsubaki's (who also has a crush on Kōsei) feelings.

The series was originally a Japanese manga. The first volume was released on 16 September 2011 in Japan. The last volume was released on 15 May 2015 in Japan. The manga was released in North America on 21 April 2015. Another manga came out called "Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso". It was included with the anime Blu-ray.

A-1 Pictures released the anime television series for "Your Lie in April" starting on 10 October 2014. It ended on 20 March 2015. The music for the anime was made by Masaru Yokoyama.

A movie for "Your Lie in April" was released on 10 September 2016.


Sergio Magaña Martínez

Sergio Augusto Magaña Martínez (2 December 1949 – 25 December 2017) was a Mexican politician. He was a member with the Party of the Democratic Revolution (formerly to the Institutional Revolutionary Party). From 2014 to 2017, he served as Deputy of the LIX Legislature of the Mexican Congress as a plurinominal representative and as Senator of the LVI and LVII Legislatures.

He also was mayor of Morelia from 1993 to 1994.

Magaña died on 25 December 2017 at the age of 68.

Andrijevica

Andrijevica () is a town in eastern Montenegro. In 2003, 1,073 people lived there.

Bar, Montenegro

Bar (; ; or "Tivar") is a coastal town and seaport in southern Montenegro. In 2011, 40,037 people lived there.

Berane

Berane () is a city in Montenegro. It is next to the Lim river.

In 2011, 11,073 people lived there.

Bijelo Polje

Bijelo Polje () is a town in northeast Montenegro. It is next to the Lim river. It is the administrative, economic, cultural and educational center of north Montenegro. In 2011, 15,883 people lived there.

Chimie ParisTech

Chimie ParisTech (officially École nationale supérieure de chimie de Paris ("National Chemical Engineering Institute in Paris"), also known as ENSCP or Chimie Paris) is a renowned graduate chemical school in France. It is in a campus of the PSL Research University (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Chimie ParisTech.

Research activities at Chimie ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Budva

Budva () is a Montenegrin town on the Adriatic Sea, former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see. The coastal area around Budva, called the Budva riviera. It is the center of Montenegrin tourism, known for its well-preserved medieval walled city, sandy beaches and diverse nightlife. Budva is 2,500 years old, which makes it one of the oldest settlements on the Adriatic coast. It has about 14,000 inhabitants.


Žabljak

Žabljak () is a small town in northern Montenegro. In 2011, 1,723 people lived there.

Tumegl/Tomils

Tumegl/Tomils is a village in the municipality of Tomils of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 2009 Tumegl/Tomils joined Feldis/Veulden, Scheid and Trans to become the municipality of Tomils.

Belsch

Belsch is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Muespach-le-Haut

Muespach-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2014, 1,102 people lived there.

Muhlbach-sur-Munster

Muhlbach-sur-Munster is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Munchhouse

Munchhouse is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Eider

The River Eider is the largest river in the German county Schleswig-Holstein. It is the border river between Schleswig and Holstein. The spring is near Kiel. The Eider flows into the North Sea at a barrage diversion dam.

Munster, Haut-Rhin

Munster is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Muntzenheim

Muntzenheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Munwiller

Munwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

World of Quest

World of Quest is a Canadian–American animated television series produced by Cookie Jar Group. It appears to be a parody of the fantasy genre that blends swords, sorcery and technology, in the vein of Masters of the Universe. The show had two different stories in each episode. The show was cancelled after only two season of twenty-six episodes. The series premiered airs at 11AM ET/PT time on October 17, 2008 on Cartoon Network in the United States. why?

Saverne

Saverne is a commune in north-eastern France, in the Bas-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

The "commmune" is in the historical and cultural region of Alsace.

Saverne is in the west of the Bas-Rhin department, to the west of Strasbourg. The Marne–Rhine Canal flows through the city of Saverne. The Zorn river, a right tributary of the Moder river, flows through the "commune".

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Saverne to other cities are:

The "commune" of Saverne is surrounded by the following "communes":

The climate of Saverne, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saverne are known, in French, as "Savernois" (women: "Savernoises").

With a population of 11,433, Saverne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saverne

Saverne is a subprefecture in the Bas-Rhin department since 1800. It is the capital of the Saverne "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Saverne formed by 49 "communes", with 49,469 inhabitants (2014).

Saverne is twinned withː



Model Town Lahore

Model Town (established in 1921) is a neighborhood and a union council (UC 127) in Lahore, Pakistan. The Model Town area is . It is divided into ten blocks (A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,J,K) and seven extension blocks (L,M,N,P,Q,R,S). These are administered by Lahore Development Authority. The main places in Model Town includes the Bank Square Market, Model Town Park and Model Town Library.

Sélestat

Sélestat is a commune in north-eastern France, in the Bas-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

The "commmune" is in the historical and cultural region of Alsace.

Sélestat is at the very centre of Alsace, near the limit separating the Bas-Rhin and Haut-Rhin departments. The "commune" is on the Alsace plains, a narrow, very fertile area that stretches between the Rhine and the Vosges mountains.

The Ill river flows parallel to the Rhine and crosses the town of Sélestat. Another river in the "commune" is the Giessen, a left tributary of the Ill and that runs through the "commune" from west to east.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Sélestat to other cities are:

The "commune" of Sélestat is surrounded by the following "communes":

The climate of Sélestat, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Sélestat are known, in French, as "Sélestadiens" (women: "Sélestadiennes").

With a population of 19,546, Sélestat has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Sélestat

Sélestat is a subprefecture in the Bas-Rhin department since 1806. It is the capital of the Sélestat-Erstein "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Sélestat formed by 29 "communes", with 55,877 inhabitants (2014).

Sélestat is twinned withː




Jack Blessing

Jack Blessing (July 29, 1951 – November 14, 2017) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as MacGillicuddy on "Moonlighting" and as Jack Powers in the sitcom "George Lopez". He also had a role as Mr. Donner in the television series "The Naked Truth". He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Blessing died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Chatsworth, California on November 14, 2017 at the age of 66.

Muriel Turner, Baroness Turner of Camden

Muriel Winifred Turner, Baroness Turner of Camden (née Price; 18 September 1927) was a British Labour politician. She was a ranking member of British Parliamentary Committee for Iran Freedom. She was also Vice-President of the British Humanist Association. She was created a Life Peer on 29 May 1985 taking the title Baroness Turner of Camden, of Camden in Greater London. She was born in London.

Ben Barres

Benjamin Anthony "Ben" Barres (1954 – December 27, 2017) was an American neurobiologist. He was born in West Orange, New Jersey. He worked at Stanford University. His research focused on the interaction between neurons and glial cells in the nervous system. 

From 2008 until his death in 2017, he has been Chair of the Neurobiology Department at Stanford University School of Medicine. He transitioned to male in 1997, and became the first openly transgender scientist in the US National Academy of Sciences in 2013.

Barres died of pancreatic cancer in Stanford, California on December 27, 2017 at the age of 63.

Barres began to live as a man when he was 42. Barres said people thought his research was better when they thought he was a man than when they thought he was a woman. Someone once said "[Ben Barres'] work is much better that his sister's" because that person thought "Barbara Barres" was his sister and not his old name.

Osvaldo Fattori

Osvaldo Fattori (22 June 1922 – 27 December 2017) was an Italian footballer. He played as a defender or midfielder. He was born in San Michele Extra, Italy. At international level, Fattori earned four caps for the national team.

Fattori died on 27 December 2017 in Milan at the age of 95.


Gonzalo Morales Sáurez

Gonzalo Morales Sáurez (9 July 1945 – 22 December 2017) was a Costa Rican painter. He studied in The San Fernando Academy in Madrid, Spain from 1970 to 1974. He was best known for his hyper-realistic works. He exhibited his art in many museums and art galleries in Europe and the Americas. He was born in San José, Costa Rica.

In Costa Rica, examples of his work are in several public institutions and museums such as the Costa Rican Parliament (Asamblea Legislativa), the National Museum (Museo Nacional), the Museum of Costa Rican Art (Museo de Arte Costarricense), the Central Bank (Banco Central de Costa Rica), among others.

Morales Sáurez died on 22 December 2017 of a heart attack at his home in San José, Costa Rica at the age of 72.


JJ Project

JJ Project is a duo created under 2012, originally meant to be a pre-debut project for GOT7. Their debut single, "Bounce," charted #14 on the US Charts. Despite officially merging with GOT7 in 2014, the group reunited in 2017 due to popular demand from fans.


IKON

iKON is a South Korean boy-band formed by YG Entertainment. iKON was first introduced on WIN: Who is Next, resulting in their debut as a full group with the song, "My Type". "My Type" charted at #1 and #3 on the Korean and US charts, respectively.


Korean albums

Japanese albums

Reissues

Compilations

Live albums

Concert tour videos
Other releases


Alfie Curtis

Alfie Curtis (born 28 July 1930, died 30 November 2017) was a British actor. He was best known for the minor role as Dr. Evazan in "" (1977) whose line: ""I have the death sentence on twelve systems"" led the franchise's first use of a lightsaber in combat. He was also in "The Elephant Man" and "Take It or Leave It". He was born in London.

Curtis died on 30 November 2017 in Billericay, Essex at the age of 87.

F(x) (group)

f(x) () is a South Korean girl group formed by SM Entertainment in 2009. The group debuted as 5 with the song, "La Cha Ta", which reached #3 on the GAON Charts. In 2014, member Sulli announced she would take a hiatus from the group to focus on acting, and left the group the following year. f(x) has been inactive since 2016 for unknown reasons. On October 14, 2019, Sulli died of suicide.


Shih Ming-teh

Shih Ming-teh (Chinese: 施明德; 15 January 1941 – 15 January 2024) was a Taiwanese statesman.

Shi was imprisoned as a political prisoner three times and sentenced to life imprisonment twice. He served a total of nearly 26 years in prison, so he was known as "Taiwan Mandela."

Shih served as the Chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party from 1993 to 1996.

He was the member of the Legislative Yuan from 1993 to 2002.

Shih died on 15 January 2024 of cancer at Taipei Veterans General Hospital, on his 83rd birthday.

Henry Fok

Henry Fok (10 May 1923 – 28 October 2006) was a Hong Kong businessman. His Chinese name is Fok Ying Tung (霍英东). Henry Fok had a good relationship with the Communist Party of China. Fok was the Vice Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from 1993 to 2006. In 2006, Forbes Magazine ranked Henry Fok the 9th richest tycoon in Hong Kong and 181st richest tycoon in the world. He had a net worth of ＄3.7 billion. Fok died in Beijing in 2006.

Henry Fok's oldest son is Timothy Fok. Timothy Fok was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1998 to 2012. His ex-wife is Hong Kong beauty pageant winner Loletta Chu. Olympic champion Guo Jingjing is the wife of Kenneth Fok. Kenneth is Henry's grandson.

Cystocele

A cystocele is also called a prolapsed bladder or anterior vaginal wall prolapse. This is a medical condition when a woman's bladder bulges into her vagina. Sometimes it may bulge out through her vagina. Some women may have a cystocele with no symptoms. Some have problems with urination. Other problems may be incontinence (not being able to stop urination). Some women may have repeated urine infections if they have a cystocele. Other parts may also bulge into the vagina.

Women are at risk of having a cystocele if they have given birth, have a hard time with passing stool, have a chronic cough, lift heavy objects, or have had other surgeries of the reproductive organs. Other things which may cause cystocele is a family history of cystocele or being overweight. The reason why the bladder may bulge into the vagina is that the wall of the vagina becomes weak.

Sometimes a cystocele exists but does not cause difficulties. Women who have more serious problems may be treated with a vaginal pessary or surgery. Doing exercises with the pelvic muscles can help. Older women have cystocele more often then younger women.

A woman may have a cystocele if she has:

Cystocele can make sexual intercourse difficult or painful.  Even if cystocele is treated, there is about a 50% chance that it will happen again. If a woman cannot stop the urination, she may be put in a nursing home.

A cystocele happens when muscles and attachments become weak because of childbirth or other causes.  Different parts of the vagina can become weak. Other parts of the reproductive system can bulge out of the body.

Some women have diseases that might cause the bladder to bulge out of the vagina. These diseases are Marfan syndrome and Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.

There are many things that increase the chances of having a cystocele. Here are some things which might cause cystocele:

The doctor or nurse will examine the vagina and the bulge. The amount of urine that stays in the bladder and does not come out will be measured. An ultrasound might be used. Another test that might be used is called a a voiding cystourethrogram. Sometimes the woman may have an x-ray.

Cystocele may not be serious enough to make a woman see the doctor. If this is true, things can be done to stop the cystocele from becoming worse:

A woman may choose no treatment for a cystocele that is not serious. A woman may choose surgery for a cystocele that is more serious. If the cystocele is bothersome a doctor might suggest using a pessary (a device placed in the vagina to hold the bladder in place.) 

Cystocele can sometimes be treated:

Many times surgery can repair the cystocele. Many doctors who fix a cystocele are gynecologists.

Surgery to fix a cystocele will depend on many things. Surgery doesn't work 10-50% of the time. In some cases a doctor may use surgical mesh to fix the cystocele.

The doctor who fixes the cystocele may fold the weak tissue and then stitch it back in place.  The woman is usually put to sleep during surgery and the medicine to cause the sleep can be different for each woman. It may take four to six weeks to heal. 

After surgery there may be some problems.

In the US, more than 200,000 surgeries are done to fix reproductive organs bulging out of the vagina. Most of these surgeries are for cystocele. between ages of 70–79 years old. Since the number of women getting older keeps getting larger, the number of women with reproductive organs bulging out of the vagina will increase by 46% by the year 2050.

Hazro

Hazro is a district of Diyarbakır Province of Turkey.


European School of Strasbourg

European School of Strasbourg () is a European school in Strasbourg, France, serving levels nursery through secondary.

Bob Katter

Robert Carl "Bob" Katter (born 22 May 1945) is an Australian politician. He has been a member of the House of Representatives for the Division of Kennedy since 1993. 

He has led his own political party, Katter's Australian Party, since 2011. He was the only person to win a seat in his party in the 2016 federal election. He was a member of the Nationals until 2001. He was also an independent from 2001 to 2011.

Katter was born in Cloncurry, Queensland. He is of Lebanese ancestry. His father, Bob Katter Sr., was a parliament member of Kennedy. He has five children. His son, Robbie, is the leader of Katter's Australian Party in Queensland.


2 Faced

"2 Faced" is a song recorded by English singer Louise which was released as on 17 July 2000, as the lead single from Louise's third studio album "Elbow Beach" (2000). It is her highest charting single to date, reaching number three in the UK Singles Chart.

UK CD 1 single

UK CD 2 single

Savage Garden

Savage Garden were an Australian pop duo. The group formed in Logan City, Queensland in 1994. Darren Hayes was the singer and Daniel Jones played the instruments. They released two albums. Savage Garden's best known hit singles include "I Want You", "To the Moon and Back", "Truly Madly Deeply", "The Animal Song" and "I Knew I Loved You".

Savage Garden split in 2001.

Paradiso The Film

 Paradiso The Film is set in the 1960s, in a city somewhere resembling Kolkata, in India. A man lives in two worlds, one 'Real', one 'Imagined' till the point where both collide and become one.

The movie's music, was done by Sanjib Sarkar, Lyrics were by Dushyant & Sudeep Ranjan Sarkar. Vocals were by Kavita Krishnamurthy, Sadhana Sargam, Sukanya & Tirtha,
Song Recorded & Mix From Octave Studio Kolkata, Under the banner of Nez Moving Pixels

Nominated in

Bruche (river)

The Bruche is a river in Alsace, in north-eastern France. It is a left-side tributary of the Ill river, and part of the basin of the Rhine river.

The Bruche river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The Bruche starts in the Vosges mountains, at the western foot of the "Climont" mountain, in the "commune" of Urbeis, (Bas-Rhin department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Bruche flows first to the north and then turns to the northeast.

The Bruche river flows within the Grand Est region, the Bas-Rhin department and 38 "communes".

Finally, the Bruche river flows into the Ill river in the city of Strasbourg, southwest of the historic centre.

The main tributaries of the Bruche river are the Magel, a right tributary long, and the Mossig, a left tributary long.

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Holtzheim in the Bas-Rhin department, for the period 1965 - 2017.


Wei Jingsheng

Wei Jingsheng (魏京生, born 20 May 1950, Beijing) is a Chinese human rights activist. He is the main leader of the Democracy Wall Movement in 1979. Wei was sentenced to prison because he criticized the former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping and he has spent more than 18 years in prison. 

Wei was awarded the Olof Palme Prize in 1994,  the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Human Rights Award in 1996, the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought in 1996 and the National Endowment for Democracy Award in 1997. Wei Jingsheng has been nominated seven times for Nobel Peace Prize since 1993. 

Wei is also the Chairman of the Overseas Chinese Democracy Coalition and the Chairman of the Wei Jingsheng Foundation. Now Wei lives in Washington, D.C.

Moder (river)

The Moder is a river in Alsace, in north-eastern France. It is a left-side tributary of the Rhine river.

The Moder river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Auenheim.

The Moder starts in the Vosges mountains in the place called "Moderfeld" in the "commune" of Zittersheim, (Bas-Rhin department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Moder flows to the north and then turns to the southeast; in the final part, the river flows to the northeast.

The Moder river flows within the Grand Est region, the Bas-Rhin department and the following "communes" ː Zittersheim, Wingen-sur-Moder, Wimmenau, Ingwiller, Menchhoffen, Schillersdorf, Obermodern-Zutzendorf, Schalkendorf, La Walck, Pfaffenhoffen, Uberach, Niedermodern, Dauendorf, Ohlungen, Schweighouse-sur-Moder, Haguenau, Kaltenhouse, Oberhoffen-sur-Moder, Bischwiller, Rohrwiller, Drusenheim, Sessenheim, Dalhunden, Stattmatten, Auenheim, Fort-Louis, Rœschwoog, Neuhaeusel.

Finally, the Moder river flows into the Rhine river in Neuhaeusel.

The main tributaries of the Moder river areː


Virgil van Dijk

Virgil van Dijk (born 8 July 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Premier League club Liverpool and the Netherlands national team. He was born in Breda, North Brabant.

Van Dijk began his career with Dutch team Groningen. He played there between 2011 and 2013. Then he moved to Scottish Premiership team Celtic. He won two league titles and a Scottish League Cup in both his seasons at Celtic. In 2015, he moved to Southampton of the Premier League. On 1 January 2018, van Dijk joined Liverpool.

Celtic

Liverpool

Individual


Wang Dan

Wang Dan (born February 26, 1969) is a Chinese activist involved in Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. He is a leader of the Chinese democracy movement. He holds a Ph.D. in history from Harvard University.

Veritas (mythology)

In Roman mythology, Veritas, meaning "truth", is the goddess of truth, a daughter of Chronos, the God of Time (who has been identified with Saturn-Cronus, perhaps first by Plutarch), and the mother of Virtus. She is also sometimes considered the daughter of Zeus.

Jean-François Hory

Jean-François Hory (15 May 1949 – 28 December 2017) was a French politician. He was born in Neufchâteau, Vosges. From 1981 to 1986, he was a member of the French Parliament. In 1989, he became a member of the European Parliament (MEP). While serving as a MEP, he was elected president of the Radical Party of the Left in 1992, a position that he held until 1996. In February 1995, he declared his candidacy for the French presidential election but later withdrew.

Hory died from cancer at the age of 68 on 28 December 2017 in Burgundy.

Murbach

Murbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Murbach Abbey is located near Murbach.



Nambsheim

Nambsheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Fernando Birri

Fernando Birri (March 13, 1925 – December 28, 2017) was an Argentine filmmaker, screenwriter, actor, critic and theorist. He was born in Santa Fe, Argentina. He was thought by many to be the father of the new Latin American cinema. He was known for his movie "Tire dié". Birri debuted with a short movie called "La primera fundación de Buenos Aires", which premiered in the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

In 1986 Birri co-founded Escuela Internacional de Cine y Television (The International School of Film and Television), in San Antonio de Los Baños, Cuba.

Birri died in Buenos Aires of respiratory arrest complicated from a fall on December 28, 2017 at the age of 92.

Neuf-Brisach

Neuf-Brisach is a fortified town of the Haut-Rhin department in the French region of Alsace. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In 2014, 1,950 people lived there.

Neuwiller

Neuwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It is on the border to Switzerland.




Sufers

Sufers () is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Zorn (river)

The Zorn is a river in north-eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Moder river.

The Zorn river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Hœrdt (Bas-Rhin).

The Zorn starts in the Vosges mountains in the "commune" of Walscheid, (Moselle department) as the "Yellow Zorn" (, ) at an altitude of about . The Yellow Zorn becomes the "Zorn" after its confluence with the right-hand tributary, the "White Zorn" (, ) at an altitude of about .

From here, the Zorn flows to the north and then turns to the east; in the final part, the river flows to the northeast.

The Zorn river flows within the Grand Est region, the Moselle and Bas-Rhin departments and 91"communes".

Finally, the Zorn river flows into the Moder river in Rohrwiller, (Bas-Rhin department).

The main tributaries of the Zorn river areː


Hsu Hsin-liang

Hsu Hsin-liang (; born 27 May 1941) is a Taiwanese politician. He is a formerly Chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP). He was a supporter of the Pan-Blue Coalition from 2000 to 2008 but then supported the DPP in the 2008 presidential election.

He was expelled from the Kuomintang but broke ranks in 1977 when he ran and won as an independent in the election for Magistrate of Taoyuan County.

Hsu was involved in opposition activity during the first part of 1979. The government impeached him and removed him from office for two years.

John Thomaides

John Thomaides (born September 15, 1965) is the mayor of San Marcos, Texas. He was elected on December 13, 2016. 

Thomaides was a member of the city council from 2003-2010. In 2010 Thomaides ran against Daniel Guerrero who had been elected Mayor of San Marcos in 2010, by a margin of 42 votes Thomaides served from 2011-2016 on the city council when he ran for mayor again in 2016 against local business owner, Ruben Becerra. In the 2016 December runoff, Thomaides beat Becerra by a margin of 42 votes- the same number he lost by in 2010. During his first year in office, Thomaides was the 6th Texas mayor to join the Mayors National Climate Action Agenda. 

Wiltz (river)

The Wiltz is a river in Belgium and Luxembourg. It is a left tributary of the Sauer river. It is part of the drainage basin of the Rhine river.

The Wiltz river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The Wiltz starts in the Ardennes, in Bastogne, a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg. The river is formed to the south of Bastogne by two small streams.

After a course of about in Belgium, the river gets into Luxemboug flowing to the east through the Oesling region. In the village of "Niederwampach" (Clervaux canton), the river turns to the south.

In "Kautenbach", commune of Kiischpelt (Wiltz canton), the Wiltz is joined by its main tributary, the Clerve (, ).

Finally, the Wiltz river flows into the Sauer river in Bourscheid, Diekirch canton.


Niederbruck

Niederbruck used to be a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of a new commune, Masevaux-Niederbruck.

Niederentzen

Niederentzen is a French commune in the Haut-Rhin department. It is on the left side of the Ill river.

Niederhergheim

Niederhergheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Niedermorschwihr

Niedermorschwihr is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Sue Grafton

Sue Taylor Grafton (April 24, 1940 – December 28, 2017) was an American author. She mostly wrote detective novels. She was best known for her "alphabet series" of books, featuring the character Kinsey Millhone. The first in the series was ""A" Is for Alibi" (1982); the final was ""Y" Is for Yesterday" (2017). She also wrote screenplays for television movies. Crime writer Ross Macdonald was her biggest influence as a writer.

Grafton was born in Louisville, Kentucky. Her father was crime writer C. W. Grafton (1909–1982). She was divorced twice and had three children. She was married to Steven F. Humphrey until her death.

Grafton died of cancer on December 28, 2017 in Santa Barbara, California. She was 77.


Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance

The Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance (PIRA) started in 2002 as a co-operation between the Fiji, Samoa and Tonga Rugby Unions. Niue and the Cook Islands also became members of the Alliance and sent players to the Pacific Islanders team. Both the PIRA and the Pacific Islanders team ended in 2009.

Hebo

Hebo can mean: 

Jimmie C. Holland

Jimmie Cristine Holland (9 April 1928 – 24 December 2017) was an American medical researcher and psychiatrist. She was born in Nevada, Texas. She was the founder of the field of psycho-oncology. 

In 1977, she worked with two colleagues to establish a full-time psychiatric service at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. The program was one of the first of its kind in cancer treatment, and trained its psychologists to specialize in issues specific to people with cancer.

Holland died of a heart attack on 24 December 2017 in New York City at the age of 89.

Thomas Hunter

Thomas Gregory "Tom" Hunter (December 19, 1932 – December 27, 2017) was an American actor and screenwriter. He was born in Savannah, Georgia. He was known for work in foreign Spaghetti Westerns. 

Hunter began his movie carerr in a small role in Blake Edwards' "What Did You Do in the War, Daddy?" (1966). He was the star of Dino De Laurentiis's produced "The Hills Run Red" leading him to a career in European cinema with guest appearances in American television series.

Hunter was also the founder of the New England Repertory Company. He wrote the screenplays for "The 'Human' Factor" (1975) and "The Final Countdown" (1980).

Hunter died of pulmonary edema on December 27, 2017 in Norwalk, Connecticut at the age of 85.

Carmen Franco, 1st Duchess of Franco

María del Carmen Franco y Polo, 1st Duchess of Franco, Grandee of Spain, Dowager Marquise of Villaverde (14 September 1926 – 29 December 2017) was a Spanish noble. She was the only child of Spain's "Caudillo", dictator General Francisco Franco and his wife Carmen Polo y Martínez-Valdés.

In Asturian fashion, she was known by many nicknames such as Nenuca, Carmelilla, Carmencita, Cotota and Morita. She was born in Oviedo, Asturias, Spain. In 1950, she married Cristóbal Martínez-Bordiú, 10th Marquis of Villaverde, a well known surgeon. In 1968 he conducted the first heart transplant operation in Spain. The couple had seven children. He died in 1998.

Franco died of lymphoma in Madrid on 29 December 2017 at the age of 91.


Sid and Marty Krofft

Sid Krofft (born July 30, 1929) and Marty Krofft (April 9, 1937 – November 25, 2023) were a Canadian brother team of television creators and puppeteers. They were important figures in children's television and variety show programs in the U.S., particularly throughout the 1970s and early 1980s.

They are largely known for a unique brand of fantasy programs, often featuring large-headed puppets, high-concept plots, and largely use of low-budget special effects. The team also dominated the arena of celebrity music/variety programs during the period.

They helped design the characters and sets for Hanna-Barbera's "Banana Splits" (NBC, 1968-1970), the Kroffts' producing career began in 1969 with the landmark children's television series "H.R. Pufnstuf".

Their works have included "The Bugaloos" (1970), "Lidsville" (1971), "Sigmund and the Sea Monsters" (1973-1975), "Land of the Lost" (1974), "The Lost Saucer" (1975), "Electra Woman and Dyna Girl" (1976), and "Wonderbug" (1976).

Marty Krofft died on November 25, 2023 in Los Angeles, California from kidney failure, aged 86.


Zubin Mehta

Zubin Mehta (born 29 April 1936) is an Indian conductor of Western classical music. He is the music director of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra (IPO). 

Mehta was Music Director of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra from 1961 to 1967, and Music Director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra from 1962 to 1978, being the youngest music director ever for any major North American orchestra. In 1969, he was appointed Music Adviser to the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra and in 1981 Mehta became its permanent Music Director for Life.

In 2016, Mehta has been appointed as Honorary Conductor of the Teatro San Carlo, Naples.

In December 2016, the Israel Philharmonic announced that Mehta is to retire from his permanent position as music director in October 2019.

The Government of India honoured Mehta in 1966 with the Padma Bhushan and in 2001 with India's second highest civilian award, the Padma Vibhushan.

In September 2006 the Kennedy Center announced Mehta as one of the recipients of that year's Kennedy Center Honors, presented on 2 December 2006 by President George W. Bush.


Chuck Close

Charles Thomas "Chuck" Close (July 5, 1940 – August 19, 2021) was an American painter, artist and photographer.

Close was born in Monroe, Washington. He was raised in Everett, Washington. Close studied at the University of Washington and at Yale University. He suffered from dyslexia.

Close achieved fame as a photorealist, through his massive-scale portraits. Close often paints abstract portraits of himself and others, which hang in collections internationally. Although a spinal artery collapse in 1988 left him severely paralyzed, he has continued to paint and produce work that remains sought after by museums and collectors. Close also creates photo portraits using a very large format camera.

Close worked in Bridgehampton, New York and Long Beach, New York. He had two daughters with Leslie Rose. They divorced in 2011. 

Close married artist Sienna Shields in 2013. They divorced before his death.

Close was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia in 2015. He died on August 19, 2021 in Oceanside, New York from congestive heart failure at the age of 81.


Alcee Hastings

Alcee Lamar Hastings (September 5, 1936 – April 6, 2021) was an American politician and judge. He was the U.S. Representative for from January 3, 1993 until April 6, 2021. The district included most of the majority-black precincts in and around Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach. He was a Democrat.

Hastings served as a judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida until his impeachment and removal due to Hastings being involved in bribery-related actions. He was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter in 1979.

In January 2019, Hastings was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease in Boynton Beach, Florida on April 6, 2021 at the age of 84.


Deaths in 2018

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2018. For notable deaths for each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.




Van Nuys

Van Nuys is a neighborhood in the central San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. As of 2000, the population is 136,443.

The town was founded in 1911 and named for Isaac Newton Van Nuys, one of its developers. It was annexed by Los Angeles on May 22, 1915.

Deaths in January 2018

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2018. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, nationality, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and most importantly a source.



































Rampage (2018 movie)

Rampage is an American science fiction monster movie directed by Brad Peyton. It is loosely based on the video game series of the same name by Midway Games. The movie stars Dwayne Johnson, Naomie Harris, Malin Åkerman, Joe Manganiello, Jake Lacy, P. J. Byrne, Marley Shelton, and Jeffrey Dean Morgan.

It is produced by Warner Bros. and set in Chicago, Illinois. 

New Line Cinema will release the movie on April 20, 2018 in 3D and IMAX.

2017 UK Independence Party leadership election

The 2017 UK Independence Party leadership election was held on 29 September 2017. UKIP members voted for who they want to lead the party. Henry Bolton won the election after receiving 30% of the vote.

The election was called for after the party's poor performance in the 2017 general election.

Nigel Farage decided not to run for the UKIP leadership position.


Bolton said that his victory stopped UKIP from becoming a fascist party. Waters left UKIP and created her own political party, For Britain, in October. Rees-Evans also left UKIP and created his own political party, Affinity.

Bulgarian Communist Party

The Bulgarian Communist Party (Bulgarian: Българска Комунистическа Партия; shortened BCP) was the ruling political party in Bulgaria from 1946 until 1990.

The party led a coup against the tsarist government in 1944.

Todor Zhivkov was leader of the party and Bulgaria from 1954 until 1989. He was the longest-serving leader of any Eastern Bloc nation. The party's first leader was Dimitar Blagoev.

On 11 December 1989, leader Petar Mladenov announced that the party was giving up its guaranteed right to rule. In 1990, the party became much more moderate and was no longer a communist party. In April 1990, the party changed its name to the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP).

Type 56 assault rifle

The Type 56 is a Chinese assault rifle which is a copy of the Soviet AK-47 assault rifle. The Type 56 was first used by the North Vietnamese Army and Viet Cong during the Vietnam War along with the Soviet AK-47 and AKM assault rifles. The Type 56 is used by many armies and battlefields in Africa, Western Asia and Asia.


The Type 56 assault rifle is used in many countries. These include:

William Wright

Sir William Thompson Wright (September 1927 – 24 July 2022) was a Northern Irish business owner and former Unionist politician. Wright grew up in Ballymena.

In the 1970s, Wright joined the Vanguard Unionist Progressive Party, and was elected as its Chairman. He stood for the party in North Antrim at the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention election in 1975, and was elected. He later followed the party leaders in joining the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), and was elected to Ballymena Borough Council.

In the 2011 Birthday Honours, he was awarded the CBE. In the 2018 Queen's Honours list, he received a knighthood.
He died in the early hours of 24 July 2022.

Recy Taylor

Recy Elisabeth Taylor (December 31, 1919 – December 28, 2017) was an African-American kidnapping and rape victim and activist. 

On September 3, 1944, she was kidnapped while leaving church and gang-raped by six white men. Even though the men admitted the rape to authorities, two grand juries subsequently declined to indict the men, meaning no charges were ever brought against her six assailants.

In 2011, the Alabama House of Representatives apologized on behalf of the state "for its failure to prosecute her attackers."

Taylor died of congestive heart failure in her sleep at a nursing home in Abbeville, Alabama on December 28, 2017, just three days before her 98th birthday.


Hulst

Hulst, Zeelandic and East Flemish: "('t) Ulst", is a municipality and village in Zeeuws-Vlaanderen, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 27,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 11,000 people were living in the village in 2017.

The municipality borders the Western Scheldt, and the Belgian Province of East Flanders.

Hulst received city rights in 1180.

The nature reserve of the Drowned Land of Saeftinghe (Dutch: "Verdronken land van Saeftinghe") lies in the municipality.

Terneuzen

Terneuzen, Zeelandic and East Flemish: "Terneuzen" or "Neuzen", is a municipality and town in Zeeuws-Vlaanderen, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

About 55,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 25,000 people were living in the town in 2015.

The municipality borders the Western Scheldt, and the Belgian Province of East Flanders.

Terneuzen received city rights in 1584.

The south entrance of the Western Scheldt Tunnel is in Terneuzen.

Tabarnia

Tabarnia ("Tabàrnia" in Catalan) is a suggested name and a satirical political project for a portion of the Catalonian territory, Spain. It was created by the organization "Barcelona is not Catalonia" (AKA "Plataforma por la Autonomía de Barcelona", "Movement for an Autonomous Barcelona") as a satirical response towards the Catalonians separatists. Their main target is to establish up a new region in Spain besides Catalonia with some districts ("Comarcas" or "Comarques") from the provinces of Barcelona and Tarragona. 

Its nomenclature is a neologism created from the provinces' names: Tarragona and Barcelona, and it would span these areas:


Proponents believes the area somewhat corresponds to the historic County of Barcelona, although its extension is considerably different.

On 24th September, 2012; "Barcelona is not Catalonia"'s members approved in a constituent assembly their statutes and a political program in order to get their own autonomy as an Autonomous Community within Spain.

The expression "Tabarnia" was used by the first time in 2015 as a territorial entity that would comprise part of the Catalonian seaside and Barcelona Metropolitan Area as a disagreement towards Catalan Government ("Generalitat Catalana"):

Proponents of Tabarnia demands to segregate themselves from the Catalan separatist movement and reclaims the right of a number of territories near the area of Barcelona and Tarragona to constitute themselves as an Autonomous Community within Spain. In the 2015 and 2017 Catalan regional elections, parties opposed to secession (mainly C's, PSC and PP) received a majority of votes and seats in some of these "comarques" (Tarragonès, Baix Penedès, Garraf and Baix Llobregat) including the city of Tarragona, but excluding the most populated Catalan city: Barcelona. 

They allude to a series of fiscal arguments similar to those of Catalan separatism in regards to Spain, although in last Catalan election, Tarragona province showed more support for separatism than unionism.

In December, 2017 the satirical movement became trending topic in the social networks. Since then, they had been appear in Spanish and international media. According them, "Tabarnia is a historical region that comprised the ancient County of Barcelona, currently part of Tarragona and Barcelona provinces".

The rise of this movement creates tension among the Catalan separatist movement because of argumental contradiction and geostrategic risk using their same arguments for independence word by word. as a result, the catalan separatists contradicts themselves when they uses the "unionist" counter-arguments in order to discredit the Tabarnia movement. The territorial area that Tabarnia would comprise includes geostrategic assets that are fundamental for a viable independent Catalonia. The Port of Barcelona and Barcelona–El Prat Airport, some of the richest industrial sectors fall in fact inside areas that hold a majority of voters in favor of unionism, though in the city of Barcelona the pro-independence won the election.

The fact that Tabarnians are asking to be separated from the Catalonia that wants to be separated from Spain, has been interpreted by some newspapers as a reductio ad absurdum of the nationalistic logic in a XXI century Europe. Many Tabarnians believe that a sustained international media attention to this movement would defeat the catalan independence project by simply following their own arguments instead of opposing them.

An ongoing petition is taking place at Change.org in order to be sent to the Spanish Congress of Deputies to consider the creation of this new autonomous region.



Sluis

Sluis, Zeelandic and West Flemish: "Sluus", is a municipality and village in Zeeuws-Vlaanderen, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands. It was formed in 2003 from two smaller towns.

About 24,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.About 2,400 people were living in the village in 2014.

About 23,000 people lived in the municipality in 2021.

The municipality borders the Western Scheldt and the North Sea, and also the Belgian Provinces of West and East Flanders.

Sluis received city rights in 1290.

Action camera

An action camera is a small video camera made for sticking to a person while playing sport or traveling on a vehicle. This kind of camera is for used for filming an event in a way that people watching the film feel like they are looking from the eyes of person who are doing activities in the event themselves (first-person perspective). While action camera is made for filming, it can also take pictures. All films and pictures it took will be kept on a tiny card that you can pull them out and watch them later.

Action camera is made to be small and very light, so that a person who wear it does not feel its weight while doing his or her things. And it usually uses wide-angle lens to film as many details around as possible. Inside the camera, there is a battery that lasts long enough for you to film for few hours. Action camera is also made to be stronger than normal video camera, so that it keeps filming even when the wearing person moves at high speed or crashes into something.

Camera sellers usually give you a hard clear plastic box that fits with the camera when you buy it. When they do, you should store the camera in this box every time you are going to film something. This box will have holes, a belt, or a metal rod which you can use for tying it to a person, or screwing it on an object that person wears (usually a helmet). Some kind of these boxes can stop water from coming into it when closed, so you may use them to film under water without breaking the camera as well.


Michael Massee

Michael Groo Massee (September 1, 1952 – October 20, 2016) was an American actor. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri. Massee was perhaps best known for accidentally shooting Brandon Lee during the filming of the 1994 movie "The Crow". He was also known for his role as Ira Gaines in "24" and The Gentleman in the 2012 movie "The Amazing Spider-Man". He also reprised this role in the 2014 sequel "The Amazing Spider-Man 2".

Massee died of stomach cancer in Los Angeles on October 20, 2016 at the age of 64.

Niffer

Niffer is a commune that is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Oberbruck

Oberbruck is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Davido

David Adedeji Adeleke (born November 21, 1992), better known by his stage name Davido, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, and record producer. His 2011 single "Dami Duro" was well-received throughout Nigeria. Along with his elder brother Adewale Adeleke, Davido is the co-owner of HKN Music (a record label home to Sina Rambo, B. Red and DeeKay). Davido has produced many songs for Naeto C, Skales, Tiwa Savage and Sauce Kid. In April 2012, he signed an endorsement deal with MTN Nigeria. On October 23 2013, Davido partnered with Guinness Nigeria for the "Guinness World of More" concert.

Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Davido relocated to Lagos at a very young age. His debut album "Omo Baba Olowo", released in 2012, was supported by the singles "Back When" featuring Naeto CDami Duro", "All of You", "Overseas" featuring Sina Rambo, "Ekuro", "Gbon Gbon" and "Feel Alright" featuring Ice Prince. Between the year 2013 and 2015, Davido released the singles "Gobe", "One of a Kind", "Skelewu", "Aye", "Tchelete (Goodlife)" featuring Mafikizolo, "Naughty" featuring DJ Arafat, "Owo Ni Koko", "The Sound" and "The Money" featuring Olamide. The aforementioned singles were reportedly intended to be singles off the album, "The Baddest". 

In January 2016, Davido announced via Twitter that he signed a record deal with Sony Music. His announcement was met with mixed reactions. The record label put out a press release to confirm the deal. Davido started his own label, Davido Music Worldwide (DMW), few months after signing with Sony. Dremo and Mayorkun are currently signed to the label. In July 2016, Davido signed a record deal with Sony's RCA Records.

Davido's second studio album A Good Time was released on November 22, 2019. The album features the previously released singles "If", "Fall", "Assurance", "Blow My Mind" and "Risky". Davido recorded A Good Time in Atlanta. He told Vibe magazine he wanted to record in a new environment. Davido described the album as a body of work for everybody and said it would consist predominantly of Afrobeats but would incorporate elements of other genres. Davido disclosed the album's title during an event held in Lagos in September 2019 and said it would be released the following month. He also unveiled excerpts of four songs from the album during the event. Following his performance at Powerhouse 2019, Davido spoke with Power 105.1's DJ Self and said the album will feature collaborations with artists including Summer Walker, Gunna, A Boogie and Chris Brown. All but one of the tracks on A Good Time were produced by Nigerian producers. The album's cover art features Davido, his father and a sculpture of his mother.

In May 2020, Davido announced that his upcoming third studio album would be titled A Better Time, and that it would include 11 tracks, with features from Nicki Minaj and Tiwa Savage. In July, he performed on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and was seen in studio with rapper Nas. On August 31, 2020, Davido returned to social media after taking a three-month break to chat with the Grammy Museum on Instagram Live about the rise of Afrobeats and other issues within their industry. During the Live session, Davido also revealed that he has completed work on his A Better Time. No release date has yet been specified. On September 10, 2020, Davido returned with the single, "FEM", alongside its music video.
On 31 October 2022, Davido lost his three-year-old first son and third child, David Ifeanyi Adeleke Jr., who drowned in a swimming pool at his Banana Island compound.

Oberentzen

Oberentzen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Oberhergheim

Oberhergheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Oberlarg

Oberlarg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2014, 142 people lived there.

Obermorschwihr

Obermorschwihr is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Obermorschwiller

Obermorschwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Obersaasheim

Obersaasheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2014, 1,022 people lived there.

Oderen

Oderen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Oltingue

Oltingue is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Orbey

Orbey is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Orschwihr

Orschwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. In 2014, 1,070 people lived there.

Erica Garner

Erica Garner (May 29, 1990 – December 30, 2017) was an American activist. She fought for police reform, especially in the use of force during arrests. Garner became involved in activism after her father, Eric Garner, died in 2014. A New York City police officer put him in a chokehold during an arrest and killed him.

Garner said that she believed her father's death had more to do with police misconduct than race, and in 2017, she rejected a meeting with the United States Justice Department to discuss the police killing her father. 

During the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries, Garner supported Bernie Sanders, and appeared in an advertisement for him.

Garner died in a Brooklyn hospital while in a coma after she had a serious heart attack on December 30, 2017. She was 27 years old.

Jean-Pierre Lehmann

Jean-Pierre Lehmann (29 August 1945 – 21 December 2017) was an American-born Swiss economist. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He was professor of international political economy at IMD and the founding director of The Evian Group at IMD. In August 2011, he was appointed senior fellow at the Fung Global Institute (FGI).

Lehmann died on 21 December 2017 of a pulmonary embolism in Lausanne, Switzerland at the age of 72.


John C. Portman Jr.

John Calvin Portman Jr. (December 4, 1924 – December 29, 2017) was an American neofuturistic architect and real estate developer. He was born in Walhalla, South Carolina. He was known for popularizing hotels and office buildings with multi-storied interior atria.

Portman also had a large impact on the cityscape of his hometown of Atlanta, with the Peachtree Center, Hyatt, Westin, and Marriott hotels.

Portman died on December 29, 2017 in Atlanta of heart failure, aged 93.


Khalid Shameem Wynne

Khalid Shameem Wynne (28 August 1953 – 30 December 2017) was a Pakistani four star general. Wynne served as the 14th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee before retiring on 7 October 2013. 

Before to his promotion, the official statement said that "General Wynne was appointed as Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee by President Asif Ali Zardari, on the advice of Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani."

He also served as field operational Commander of the XII Corps in Quetta from 2007 till 2010, overseeing the Baloch insurgency and the fallout of the war in the Tribal Areas.

Wynne was killed in a car crash near Chakri, Punjab, Pakistan on 30 December 2017. He was 64 years old.

Juyin Sarauta

"Juyin Sarauta ("The Royal Ascendance")" is a 2017 movie. It was directed by Falalu A. Dorayi. It was produced by Balaraba Ramat Yakubu and Ado Ahmad Gidan Dabino MON. It was produced in Nigeria by Ramat Productions Ltd and Dogarai Women Film. The lyrics playback was made by Fati Nijar.

The movie won Best Film in the Nigerian Language Award by Zuma Film Festival 2017 and was also nominated for the Best Actor. The movie comes as a medium of enlightenment, entertainment, information and education in the African continent especially of the South Sahara. The plot, the characterization and the dialogue make the story exciting and educating. The producer, defines her attitude towards her intention as gender activist.

Sarki Yusufu (Ado Ahmad Gidan Dabino MON) is the emir of Jadarwa. His wives, concubines and other slaves get divided in moves to produce the next Emir. In the process, each faction is with a particular prince and that leads to murder, rituals, and confusion reigned in the palace. Jakadiya (Ladidi Fagge) and Uwar Soro (Hauwa Musa) connive to turn Ahmadu mad; Umar, the heir apparent is poisoned by Fulani Gaji (Zainab Muhammad); Bashari is framed for stealing from the Emir and is banished; and Suleimanu is sent away from the palace as a tender boy. At the end, the less privileged among the Princes and son of a concubine, Suleimanu, is the Emir.


In 2015, Balaraba Ramat Yakubu wrote Juyin Sarauta to bring about new ideas on the women status in Northern Nigeria, where culture and religion dominate their rights. She discussed it with some people and conducted research in different areas. Together with staff of Ramat Productions, they came up with idea about role of women in determining the king in Hausaland. According to her,  “...the story is that it shows that women are the real power axis in Hausa society.”

To achieve the primary aim of the project, there was a need for adequate funding and support from development partners like UNICEF, UN Women, UNDP, CEDAW, USAID, DFID and women's organizations. They should support the project morally and financially for the benefit of larger audience in order to safeguard societal values and socio cultural, economic, and political values for women for a better society. She eventually contacted many of them and succeeded in gaining a lot from them. Project Act-Nollywood provided a substantial funding for the startup of the project.

Principal photography began in March 2016, different areas were assessed but the crew could not find a suitable one which could be used to look as far back as 100 years before the coming of colonial masters into Hausaland. The team agreed to build their own city for the purpose of the project. Danhassan town was chosen and a new palace city was build on rented land of about 4 km.

Initially, the director, Falalu A. Dorayi screened and auditioned principal character (Sarki Yusufa) but when he was on camera, he could not perform effectively. Ado Ahmad Gidan Dabino MON was appropriated for the role and plays  perfectly.

The movie took about twenty days from 11th February to 3rd March, 2016. The movie was initially targeted for 10 days, however due to some logistics issues, more days were added. For the purpose of the movie, the crew also borrowed a residence of the district head of Danhassan, changed its exterior design and later restored it back to its previous condition.

Yacht charter

Yacht chartering is the renting a sailboat or motor yacht for sea traveling. This is a vacation activity, but it can be a corporate event.

There are two main kinds of the charter: bareboat and skippered. Bareboat charters are when a person is renting a boat and skippering it themselves. Skippered charter meaning that boat comes with a skipper but no additional crew.

Crewed charter means that the yacht is rented with a full crew. Usually the crew is based on the specific yacht. A captain, a chef, a decks hand and a hostess are a typical crew. In many destinations the crewed charter is taxed differently from a Skippered charter.

George Walker (composer)

George Theophilus Walker (June 27, 1922 – August 23, 2018) was an African-American composer, educator and autobiographer. He was the first to win the Pulitzer Prize for Music. He received the Pulitzer for his work "Lilacs" in 1996.

Walker was born in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Oberlin College.

Walker taught music at Columbia University, Wayne State University, Wellesley College, Temple University, Washington University in St. Louis, Williams College and Montclair State University.

In 1946, Walker composed his String Quartet no. 1. A string orchestra arrangement of the second movement of that work received its world premiere in a radio broadcast that was conducted by pianist Seymour Lipkin.

Walker was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1999. The following year, Walker was inducted into the American Classical Music Hall of Fame.

Washington, D.C. Mayor Marion Barry proclaimed June 17, 1997 as “George Walker Day”. in the nation's capitol.

His autobiography, "Reminiscences of an American Composer and Pianist", was released in 2009 by Scarecrow Press.

Walker was the father of two sons, violinist and composer Gregory T.S. Walker, and playwright Ian Walker.

Walker died on August 23, 2018 from a fall at a hospital in Montclair, New Jersey at the age of 96.


Fire sprinkler

Automatic sprinklers or irrigators are one method of putting out a fire. They are usually part of a fire system based on a water reservoir for the supply of the system and a network of pipes. They are usually activated by detecting the effects of a fire, such as the increase in temperature associated with fire, or the smoke generated by combustion. Sometimes, sprinkler systems can be activated at the same time as the actual alarm at a pull station.

Kennington tube station

Kennington is a London Underground station on Kennington Park Road in Kennington. The station is at the junction of the Charing Cross and Bank branches of the Northern line. It is within the London Borough of Southwark. Its neighbouring stations to the north are Waterloo on the Charing Cross branch and Elephant & Castle on the Bank branch; the next station to the south is Oval. The station is in Travelcard Zone 2.

It is one of the station that has the notable loop, called Kennington Loop, similar to Timothy's Computer on Timothy North Metro and South Ferry on New York City Subway. It would be extended to Battersea Power Station via Nine Elms in the near future, to serve the near-refurbished Battersea Power Station.

Christine King Farris

Christine King Farris (born Willie Christine King; September 11, 1927 – June 29, 2023) was the oldest child of Martin Luther King, Sr. and the sister of Martin Luther King, Jr.. 

She taught at Spelman College and was the author of several books and a public speaker on many topics. For many years, she was the Vice Chair and Treasurer of the King Center and has been active for several years in the International Reading Association, and many church and civic organizations, including the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. 

King Farris held a tenure professorship at Spelman College for 48 years before her retirement in 2014. She died on June 29, 2023.


J. Joseph Curran Jr.

J. Joseph Curran Jr. (born July 7, 1931) is an American politician. He is the longest serving elected Attorney General (1987 to 2007) in Maryland history, and the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 1983 to 1987. His son-in-law, Martin J. O'Malley, served as the 61st Governor of Maryland.

María Vicuña

Maria Alejandra Vicuña (born 13 February 1978) is an Ecuadorean politician. She is the Vice President of Ecuador under President Lenin Moreno from 2 October 2017 until 2018. She also served as the Housing and Urban Development Minister of Ecuador until 6 January 2018.

Hans Frauenfelder

Hans Frauenfelder (born July 28, 1922) is a Swiss-American physicist and biophysicist. He is known for his discovery of perturbed angular correlation (PAC) in 1951. In the modern day, PAC spectroscopy is widely used in the study of condensed matter physics. 

Frauenfelder was born in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. He studied at ETH Zurich.

Within biophysics, he is known for experiment and theory in understanding the dynamical behavior of protein tertiary structure. In 1992, Frauenfelder won the Max Delbruck Prize.

Frauenfelder is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, and a Foreign Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.


Alain Touraine

Alain Touraine (; born 3 August 1925) is a French sociologist. He is research director at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales. He founded the "Centre d'étude des mouvements sociaux". He is best known for being the originator of the term "post-industrial society".


Robert Mundell

Robert Alexander Mundell, CC (October 24, 1932 – April 4, 2021) was a Canadian economist. He was a professor of economics at Columbia University and the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mundell was also known for the Mundell–Fleming model and Mundell–Tobin effect.

He received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1999 for his pioneering work in monetary dynamics and optimum currency areas. Mundell is known as the "father" of the Euro, as he laid the groundwork for its introduction through this work and helped to start the movement known as supply-side economics which inspired Reaganomics.

Mundell died on April 4, 2021 in Siena, Tuscany from problems caused by bile duct cancer, aged 88.


Adrienne

Adrienne is a female first name. It is the female form of Adrien. The name can be also spelled Adrianne.The pronunciation of the name is [ ey-dree-en, -"uh"n; "French" a-dree-en ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

The meaning of the name is "from the city of Hadria." It also means "the dark one."

There are a few fictional characters with the name, such as Adrienne Johnson from "Days of our Lives".


Adrienne Shelly

Adrienne Shelly (also known as Adrienne Levine; June 24, 1966 – November 1, 2006) was an American actress, movie director and screenwriter. Shelly was born in Queens, New York.

She wrote, co-starred in and directed the 2007 movie "Waitress". She was also known for her roles in independent movies.

In 2000, Shelly won a U.S. Comedy Arts Festival Film Discovery Jury Award. She won the award for the 1999 movie "I'll Take You There". Shelly also guest-starred in "Law & Order" and "Oz".

On November 1, 2006, Shelly was found hanging in the shower of her Greenwich Village work studio apartment. It was originally thought she had killed herself. But an illegal immigrant from Ecuador, a construction worker, confessed to killing Shelly. He was later sentenced to 25 years in prison for first-degree manslaughter.

MusicBrainz

MusicBrainz is an music database. It is similar to the freedb project that aims to create an open data music database. The database captures information about artists, their recorded works, and create the relationships between them.


Freedb clients could also access MusicBrainz data through the freedb protocol by using the MusicBrainz to FreeDB gateway service, mb2freedb. The gateway was shut down on March 18, 2019.


International Biographical Centre

The International Biographical Centre is a publisher that specializes in producing biographical publications such as the "Dictionary of International Biography", "Great Men and Women of Science" and the other Vanity Awards. It owned by Melrose Press Ltd. It is in Ely, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.



Dhaka International Film Festival

Dhaka International Film Festival (DIFF) is a biennial movie festival held in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was established in 1992.

The festival authority chooses and invites Asian and Australian movies to participate in different sections. The sections are:


Christine Lakin

Christine Lakin (born January 25, 1979 in Dallas) is an American actress. She is best known for acting on the ABC television situation-comedy "Step by Step". 

The Centaurus

The Centaurus is a 64 floored skyscraper in Jinnah Avenue, F-8/4, Islamabad, Pakistan. It was designed by WS Atkins, a British architect and his partners. It is made of 3 skyscrapers with a 36-storey hotel, 23-storey offices and 5-storey shopping mall. The Centaurus' construction started in 2005 and finished in 2011.

The Centaurus Shopping Mall has different shops and on the forth floor, there is the food court with food restaurants including McDonald's and KFC. It also includes the Fun City and Cineplex.

Johnson County War

The Johnson County War, also known as the War on Powder River and the Wyoming Range War, was a fight over farmland. It happened in Johnson County, Wyoming between 1889 and 1893. The fights started when cattle companies started ruthlessly punishing accused rustlers in the area. Many of the “rustlers” were actually innocent settlers that competed with the companies for land, livestock and water rights. As tensions swelled between the large established ranchers and the smaller settlers in the state, violence finally reached a peak in Powder River Country, when the ranchers hired armed gunmen to invade the county. The gunmen's initial incursion in the territory aroused the small farmers and ranchers, as well as the state lawmen, and they formed a posse of 200 men that led to a grueling stand-off. The siege ended when the United States Cavalry on the orders of President Benjamin Harrison relieved the two forces, although further fighting persisted in the following months.

The events have since become a highly mythologized and symbolic story of the Wild West, and over the years variations of the storyline have come to include some of its most famous historical figures. In addition to being one of the most well-known range wars of the American frontier, its themes, especially class warfare, served as a basis for numerous popular novels, films, and television shows in the Western genre.

Payerne

Payerne is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Vaud. It was the capital of the district of Payerne, and is now part of the district of Broye-Vully.


Pignia

Pignia is a former municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. Since 2009, it was part of the municipality of Andeer.

Rongellen

Rongellen is a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Gerd Cintl

Gerd Cintl (11 December 1938 – 26 December 2017) was a German rower. He competed for the United Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Düsseldorf, Germany. In 1960, he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

Cintl died on 26 December 2017 at the age of 79.

Didier Burkhalter

Didier Burkhalter (born April 17, 1960) is a Swiss politician. He was born in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. Burkhalter is a member of FDP.The Liberals. He was elected as a member of the Swiss Federal Council on 16 September 2009. He succeeded Pascal Couchepin on 1 November 2009 when he became head of the Federal Department of Home Affairs (the Swiss interior minister). Since 1 January 2012, he serves as head of the Department of Foreign Affairs. In 2014, he was President of the Swiss Confederation. He served as Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) in 2014. He left the Federal Council on 31 October 2017 (replaced by Ignazio Cassis).


Osenbach

Osenbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Ostheim, Haut-Rhin

Ostheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department.

Coalisland

Coalisland (Irish: Oileán an Ghuail) is a small town in County Tyrone, Ulster, Northern Ireland. Its district for parliament and football is Mid Ulster. Four miles from Lough Neagh, it was formerly a centre for coal mining. It was the site of several armed conflicts between 1969 and 2001 during the Troubles.

Arson in royal dockyards

Arson in royal dockyards was a crime in the United Kingdom and the British Empire. The crime was made by the Dockyards etc. Protection Act 1772 (12 Geo. 3 c.24) passed by the Parliament of Great Britain and was made to protect Royal Dockyards and ships from arson attacks.

It remained one of the few crimes punished with death after reform of the death penalty in 1861, and this stayed in effect even after the death penalty was stopped for murder in 1969. However, the crime was then removed from law by the Criminal Damage Act 1971.

Only one prosecution was brought under the Act. In that case, the Scottish saboteur John the Painter (also known as James Hill or John Aitken) was prosecuted and executed in 1777 for setting the rope house at Portsmouth Royal Dockyard on fire. He was hanged from the mizzenmast of the frigate , the highest gallows erected in British history. It was set up at Portsmouth Royal Dockyards in view of the damage he had caused. The crowd of witnesses numbered some 20,000.

Prince François, Count of Clermont

Prince François of Orléans, Count of Clermont (born François Henri Louis Marie; 7 February 1961 – 31 December 2017) was the eldest son of Orleanist pretender to the French throne, Prince Henri, Count of Paris, Duke of France and his former wife Duchess Marie Therese of Württemberg.

His mother suffered from toxoplasmosis during pregnancy, resulting in Prince François being mentally disabled, as is his younger sister, Princess Blanche. Because of his illness, his father named his second son, Prince Jean, Duke of Vendôme, as Dauphin of France (his heir).

On 31 December 2017, Prince Jean reported that Francis had died in France at the age of 56.

Henri, Count of Paris (1933–2019)

Henri d'Orléans, Count of Paris, Duke of France ("Henri Philippe Pierre Marie d'Orléans"; 14 June 1933 – 21 January 2019), was head of the House of Orléans. He was one of the pretenders to the defunct French crown as Henry VII. 

Henri was a descendant in the male-line of France's "Citizen-King" Louis-Philippe d'Orléans (ruled 1830–1848), he was also recognized as the legitimate claimant to the throne by those French royalists, called Unionists, who call him as the rightful heir of Henri de Bourbon, Count of Chambord, the last patrilineal descendant of King Louis XV.

Henri of Orléans was a military officer as well as an author and painter.

Cheryll Sotheran

Dame Cheryll Beatrice Sotheran (1945 – 30 December 2017) was a New Zealand museum professional. She was the founding Chief Executive of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa and was thanked with the successful completion of the museum, considered the largest international museum project of the 1990s. She was born in Stratford, New Zealand.

In the 1999 New Year Honours Sotheran was appointed a Dame Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to museum administration. Sotheran resigned from Te Papa for health reasons in 2002.

In 2013, Sotheran suffered a stroke. She died in Auckland on 30 December 2017 from an unknown long-illness and stroke-related complications, aged 72.

Flag of Egypt

The flag of Egypt (Egyptian Arabic: علم مصر) has three equal horizontal bands of red, white, and black with the national emblem (a gold Eagle of Saladin facing the hoist side with a shield superimposed on its chest above a scroll bearing the name of the country in Arabic) centered in the white band.

John Clarke (satirist)

John Morrison Clarke (29 July 1948 – 9 April 2017) was a New Zealand-born Australian comedian, writer, and satirist. He was born in Palmerston North, New Zealand. He lived in Australia from the late 1970s. He was a well known actor and writer. His work appeared on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) in both radio and television and also in print.

In 1982, he was nominated for an AFI award for co-writing the acclaimed Paul Cox movie "Lonely Hearts".

During the 1980s and early 1990s, Clarke featured in several movies, including "Never Say Die", "Death in Brunswick", alongside another New Zealand actor, Sam Neill, and "Blood Oath".

Clarke was also known for his mock interviews for "A Current Affair" until 1997, satirising a range of figures including Paul Keating, Alexander Downer, George Bush, and Alan Bond. After a break, the pair reappeared on ABC TV's "The 7.30 Report" in a similar format.

Clarke died while walking in the Grampians National Park in the Australian state of Victoria on 9 April 2017. He was 68. He died because of the heart attack.

J. Richard Clarke

John Richard Clarke (born April 4, 1927) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 1976. He has been a member of the church's presiding bishopric and a member of the Presidency of the Seventy. 

Clarke was born in Rexburg, Idaho.

Clarke served as a bishop, stake president, and regional representative in Idaho. He also returned to South Africa as the president of the church's South Africa Cape Town Mission.

From 1998 to 2001, Clarke was president of the church's Laie Hawaii Temple.


John Clarke (actor)

John Clarke (April 14, 1932 – October 16, 2019) was an American actor. 

Clarke was known for his role as Mickey Horton on the NBC soap opera "Days of Our Lives" for 39 years, beginning with the debut of the program in 1965, until he retired early in 2004 because of health concerns. Clarke was replaced in the role by John Ingle, who left the program in 2006.

His daughter was actress Melinda Clarke, who started out on "Days of our Lives".

In 2005, Clarke received the Daytime Emmys Lifetime Achievement Award.

Clarke died of pneumonia-related problems in Laguna Beach, California on October 16, 2019 at the age of 88.

Zimmersheim

Zimmersheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department. In 2014, 1,066 people lived there.

Tessa Jowell

Tessa Jane Helen Douglas Jowell, Baroness Jowell ("née" Palmer 17 September 1947 – 12 May 2018) was an English Labour Party politician.

Jowell was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Dulwich and West Norwood from 1992 to 2015. Her most senior position in Government was as Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, a post she held from 2001 to 2007. 

Jowell member of both the Blair and Brown Cabinets, she was also Minister for the Olympics (2005–2010) and Shadow Minister for the Olympics and Shadow Minister for London until September 2012, resigning after the London Olympic Games.

In September 2015, she was unsuccessful in seeking to be selected as the Labour Party's official candidate in the 2016 election for Mayor of London, coming second to Sadiq Khan in the contest of six candidates.

In September 2017, Jowell announced she had been diagnosed with brain cancer. Jowell died on 12 May 2018 in Shipston-on-Stour, Warwickshire of a cerebral hemorrhage caused by the disease at the age of 70.

June Brown

June Muriel Brown, MBE (born 16 February 1927 – 3 April 2022) was an English actress. She was known for her role as Dot Cotton in the long-running BBC soap opera "EastEnders", a part she played from 1985 to 1993, and again from 1997 to 2020.

Mark E. Smith

Mark Edward Smith (5 March 1957 – 24 January 2018) was an English singer-songwriter and musician. He is the lead singer, lyricist and only constant member of the post-punk group The Fall. Smith formed The Fall in 1976 after attending a Sex Pistols gig at the Manchester Free Trade Hall in June that year.

Smith died on 24 January 2018 in Prestwich, Greater Manchester of lung and kidney cancer at the age of 60.


Makoto Shinkai

, born as , is a Japanese movie director, writer, producer, animator, editor, cinematographer, voice actor, manga artist and former graphic designer. He directed the highest-earning anime movie "Your Name".

Shinkai was born in Nagano Prefecture. He went to Chuo University where he studied Japanese literature. He was a part of the literature club there and he drew picture books there. He said that he liked creating because he had read manga, novels and had watched anime when he was young. After finishing university in 1994, he got a job at Falcom. It is a video game company. He worked there for 5 years by making video clips.

In 1999, Shinkai released "She and Her Cat". It is a five-minute short movie that is black and white. It won many awards. It won the grand prize at the 12th DoGA CG Animation contest (2000). The short movie is about the life of a cat. It is from the cat's point of view. Shinkai quit his job at Falcom after winning the prize. He began making a new movie about a girl in space, which was called "Voices of a Distant Star". After, he released his first full movie. It was called "The Place Promised in Our Early Days" and was released in Japan on November 20, 2004. His next movie was called "5 Centimeters per Second" and was released on 3 March 2007. It consists of three short films called "Cherry Blossom", "Cosmonaut", and "5 Centimeters per Second".

In 2009, he started to work on his next movie. Shinkai said that the movie he was making would be his longest movie that he made and said the story was a "lively" animated movie that would have adventure, action, and romance. He revealed that his next movie would be called "Children Who Chase Lost Voices from Deep Below". The movie was released on 7 May 2011. His next movie, "The Garden of Words", was released on 31 May 2013. On 26 August 2016, he released "Your Name", which was praised by audiences. It became the highest-grossing anime movie. Shinkai directed the 2019 anime movie "Weathering With You".


Pistol Mitralieră model 1963/1965

The Pistol Mitralieră model 1963 (abbreviated PM md. 63) is an Romanian assault rifle based on the Soviet AKM, and chambered in the 7.62×39mm cartridge. It is exported as the AIM.

The Pistol Mitralieră model 1965 (abbreviated PM md. 65) is the underfolding-stock version of the PM md. 63, and is exported as the AIMS.

In the early 1960s, the Romanian Army used mostly PPSh-41, Oriţa submachine guns and imported AK-47 assault rifles. With the development of the stamped Type 4 AKM receiver, and the Soviet Union's call to each of the Warsaw Pact's nations to produce their own assault rifles chambered in 7.62mm, be they AK-47 pattern or not, the Romanian State Arsenal developed an AKM clone featuring a forward-pointing front handgrip molded into the lower handguard, called the Pistol Mitralieră model 1963 (literally 'machine pistol' model 1963). The underfolding stock version is designated the Pistol Mitralieră model 1965, and features a rear-pointing front handgrip, allowing the underfolding stock to be completely retracted.

Beautiful Inside

"Beautiful Inside" is a song recorded by English singer Louise. It was released on 30 October 2000 as the second and final single from Louise's third studio album "Elbow Beach" (2000) and charted at number 13. The single was taken from her 3rd solo album "Elbow Beach" and contains a sample from the song "Different Strokes" by Syl Johnson and had also been sampled by American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan.

UK CD 1 single

UK CD 2 single

Light of My Life

"Light of My Life" is the debut single released by English singer Louise. It was released on 25 September 1995 as the lead single from Louise's debut album "Naked" (1996). "Light of My Life" is her first single as a solo artist following her leaving her former group Eternal earlier that year. It reached number eight in the UK Singles Chart and number eighteen in Ireland. The video was directed by Russell Young.

UK CD 1 single

UK CD 2 single

Atalanta

Atalanta (; "Atalantē") is person who is in Greek mythology. She was a virgin and was a huntress. 

Atalanta was the daughter of Iacus who was an Arcadian princess. Her father King Iasus wanted a son. Atalanta was born and King Iasus left her on a mountaintop to die. Some stories say that a bear raised her. She reunited with her father afterwards.

Disco (Grace Jones album)

Disco is a box-set of three albums by Jamaican recording artist Grace Jones released in May 2015. The album contains "Portfolio" (1977), "Fame" (1978), and "Muse" (1979), all of which were recorded at Philadelphia's Sigma Sound with disco artist Tom Moulton as producer, in their full album length.

National League Division Series

In Major League Baseball, the National League Division Series (NLDS), played early to mid October, is a playoff round to determine which two National League teams play in the NLCS. It consists of two best-of-five series featuring three division winners and the winner of the wild card game.

The first Division Series was played in 1981. A strike shortened the MLB season that year. Division winners from the first half took on the second-half division champions. 

The Division Series was implemented for good in 1994. The leagues were expanded two three divisions, and the wild card was also added. However, a strike cancelled the rest of the 1994 MLB season, including the playoffs. The current Division Series thus began play in 1995.

Ebrahim Nafae

Ebrahim Nafae (12 January 1934 – 1 January 2018) was an Egyptian journalist. He was editor of the Egyptian newspaper "Al-Ahram" from 1979 to 2005 and chair of the General Union of Arab Journalists from 1996 to 2012. He was born in Suez, Egypt. He then became an editor at Egyptian Radio and an economy editor of the state-owned "Al Gomhuria".

Nafae died of lung cancer on 1 January 2018 in Dubai after undergoing surgery.

Diamond Platnumz

Nasibu Abdul Juma Issaack (born 2 October 1989), popularly known by his stage name Diamond Platnumz (or simply Dee/Simba), is a Tanzanian bongo flava recording artist and dancer from Tanzania. He is best known for his hit song "Number One" which he featured Nigerian artiste Davido. Diamond has won numerous awards at Channel O and the HiPipo Music Awards. Diamond is considered influential among his fans, and is said to be the most loved Tanzanian artist at the moment. He was believed to be the highest selling Tanzanian artist of ringtones by mobile phone companies in 2013, as well as being among the artists earning the highest income in the African Great Lakes region's music industry.

Manuel Olivencia

Manuel Olivencia Ruiz (25 July 1929 – 1 January 2018) was a Spanish lawyer with a career as a professor, economist, and diplomat. He worked at the University of Seville and organized Seville Expo '92. He was born in Ronda, Spain. He won the Creu de Sant Jordi Award in 1990. He was Undersecretary of Education and Science during the first Transition government, advisor to the Bank of Spain, and a member of the board of RTVE.

In 1960 he became a professor of law at the University of Seville. One of his students was future Prime Minister Felipe González. There, he was dean of the school of law from 1968 to 1971 and dean of the school of economics from 1971 to 1975.

Olivencia died of respiratory failure complicated from a fall in Seville, Spain on 1 January 2018 at the age of 88.

Lalo Schifrin

Boris Claudio "Lalo" Schifrin (born June 21, 1932) is an Argentine pianist, composer, arranger and conductor. He is best known for his movie and TV scores since the 1950s, including the theme from "" and "Enter the Dragon". 

Schifrin has received five Grammy Awards and six Oscar nominations. Schifrin is also known for his works with Clint Eastwood from the late 1960s to the 1980s, particularly the "Dirty Harry" movies.

Schifrin's influences including Thelonious Monk, Elmer Bernstein, Dizzy Gillespie, Olivier Messiaen, Bernard Herrmann, Alec Wilder, Andrés Segovia, Ástor Piazzolla, Billy May, Bix Beiderbecke, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Gil Evans, Henry Mancini, Miles Davis and Xavier Cugat.

Präz

Präz () was a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar joined and became the new municipality of Cazis.

Ottmarsheim

Ottmarsheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France, on Highway 9 just across the Rhine River from its terminus at the German Autobahn Steinenstadt interchange.

List of Hund's rules

In atomic physics, Hund's rules are rules that determine how the electrons in an atom work. Often, the first of Hund's rules is most often mentioned. The first rule of Hund's rules is so important in chemistry that it is simply just called "Hund's rule". 

Below is a brief description of Hund's rules.


Kundali Bhagya

Kundali Bhagya is an Indian drama television series. It is shown on Zee TV. The series was A spin-off Kumkum Bhagya TV series of Kumkum Bhagya. The show had the biggest weekday launch since 2016 in India.



Pillai

Pillai can mean: 

Saoirse Ronan

Saoirse Ronan (born 12 April 1994) is an Irish actress. She is best known for her role as Susie Salmon in Peter Jacksons 2009 supernatural drama movie "The Lovely Bones". She received four Academy Award nominations.

Inverse (mathematics)

Inversion (or finding the inverse) is an idea from mathematics, which is about finding a number, function or mathematical structure which is different from the current one, but which has similar properties. The simplest case of this is negation: Given a positive number, find the negative number which has the same value, except for the sign. 

Inversion can refer to the following concepts:

Annette Crosbie

Annette Crosbie (born 12 February 1934) is a Scottish actress. She is known for her role as Margaret Meldrew in the BBC sitcom "One Foot in the Grave" (1990–2000). She won the BAFTA Award twice for "The Six Wives of Henry VIII" in 1971 and "Edward the Seventh" in 1976.

Her other movie appearances include "The Pope Must Die" (1991), "Shooting Fish" (1997), "Calendar Girls" (2003) and "Into the Woods" (2014).

The Founder

The Founder is a 2016 American biographical drama movie directed by John Lee Hancock and written by Robert Siegel. The movie stars Michael Keaton as businessman Ray Kroc. It is about the story of his creation of the McDonald's fast food chain. Nick Offerman and John Carroll Lynch co-star as McDonald's founders Richard and Maurice McDonald.

The movie premiered at Arclight Hollywood on December 7, 2016 and was released in the United States on January 20, 2017, by The Weinstein Company. It made $24 million worldwide and got generally positive reviews from critics, with praise for Keaton's performance.

John Carroll Lynch

John Carroll Lynch (born August 1, 1963) is an American actor and director. He became known for his role as Norm Gunderson in "Fargo". He is also known for his television work on the ABC sitcom "The Drew Carey Show" as Steve Carey, as well as on "" and "" as Twisty the Clown.

His movies include "Face/Off", "Gran Torino", "Shutter Island", "Ted 2", "The Invitation", and "Zodiac". Most recently, he played McDonald's co-founder Maurice McDonald in "The Founder".

Lynch directed his first movie with the 2017 movie "Lucky" starring Harry Dean Stanton.

Richard and Maurice McDonald

Richard James McDonald (February 16, 1909 – July 14, 1998) and Maurice James McDonald (November 26, 1902 – December 11, 1971) were American fast-food restaurateurs. They were the founders of the original McDonald’s restaurant in San Bernardino, California and inventors of the ‘Speedee Service System’. They were born in Manchester, New Hampshire.

In 1954, the McDonald brothers partnered with Ray Kroc. Kroc took 1.9 percent of the gross sales, of which the McDonald brothers got 0.5 percent. The brothers wanted to only have a small number of restaurants, which Kroc did not want them to have. Ray Kroc eventually bought them out.

On November 30, 1984, Richard McDonald – the first cook behind the grill of a McDonald's – was served the ceremonial 50,000,000,000th (50 billionth) McDonald's hamburger by Ed Rensi, then president of McDonald's USA, at the Grand Hyatt hotel in New York City.

Maurice McDonald died from heart failure in Riverside, California, on December 11, 1971, at the age of 69. Richard McDonald died in Manchester, New Hampshire, on July 14, 1998 of a heart attack, at the age of 89.

In the 2016 movie "The Founder", Richard McDonald is played by Nick Offerman, and John Carroll Lynch portrays Maurice McDonald.

Mauro Staccioli

Mauro Staccioli (11 February 1937 – 1 January 2018) was an Italian sculptor. He was born in Volterra, Italy. Staccioli started teaching and in 1968 joined the Academy of Fine Arts of Brera in Milan.

In the beginning of the 1970s, his career began as his works were about urban environment and, with sculpture, tries to give answers to social questions.

Among all his permanent work installations: Villa Celle in Santomato of Pistoia (1982); Olympic Park in Seoul (1988); Djerassi Foundation in Woodside (1987–1991); Museum of Contemporary Art of Seul Kwachon (1990); Museum of Contemporary Art of San Diego (1996); Ordino d’Arcalis in Andorra (1991); Munich (1996); Parc Tournay-Solvay in Brussels (1996); Villa Glori in Roma (1997); Schuman roundabout in Brussels (1998); Lapiz building in La Jolla (2003); Chiaopanshan International Sculpture Park in Taiwan (2003); University of Puerto Rico Arecibo (2004); Carrazeda de Ansiães in Portugal (2008); Centre Val St Quentin in Voisins-le-Bretonneux (2008).

Staccioli died of complications from pneumonia on 1 January 2018 in Milan at the age of 80.

Inverse element

The inverse element is the opposite of a number or equation. The inverses of formula_1 in addition is formula_2 (called the additive inverse), and formula_3 or formula_4 in multiplication (called the multiplicative inverse, or reciprocal).

In general, given an element "g" in a group "S" equipped with an operation formula_5, an inverse element of "g" is an element "g*" such that formula_6 and formula_7 are both equal to the identity element (of the group). Other examples of inverse include inverse function and matrix inverse.


Zumbastico Fantástico

Zumbastico Fantástico is a Chilean television program broadcast by TVN and Cartoon Network Latin America, the program lasts 30 minutes, was produced by "TVN" and "Solo por las niñas". The series aired on Cartoon Network from November 1, 2011, the series contains animations made by Chilean cartoonists.

Khoisan

The Khoisan is the name for two peoples of Southern Africa: the San and the Khoikhoi. The San are foraging bushmen, and the Khoi are a pastoral people previously known as the Hottentots. The relationship between the two groups is not very clear. The San are generally smaller than other humans in the area. They also look very different than other groups of people there. As of 2018, between 90.000 and 100.000 San are left. Most of them live in Botswana and Namibia. There are San minorities in South Africa, Angola, Zambia and Zimbabwe.

The San were some of the original (indigenous) inhabitants of Southern Africa. Then the southward Bantu migrations from North and East Africa reached the region 700 years ago. The Bantu populations displaced the Khoi and San to become the predominant inhabitants of Southern Africa.

The Khoisan “was the largest population on Earth at some point”, according to one evolutionary geneticist. The evidence of the Khoisan's original presence in South Africa is the distribution of their languages today. Khoisan language groups often have extreme differences in structure and vocabulary despite close proximity, which demonstrates a long period of settlement and co-evolution of languages in the same region.

Charles Darwin wrote about the Khoisan and sexual selection in "The Descent of Man" in 1882, commenting that their steatopygia evolved through sexual selection in human evolution, and that "the posterior part of the body projects in a most wonderful manner".

In the 1990s, genomic studies of the world's peoples found that the Y chromosome of San men share patterns of polymorphisms that are different from those of all other populations. Because the Y chromosome changes little, this type of DNA test is used to determine when different human subgroups separated from one another. This shows their last common ancestry. The authors of these studies suggest that the San may have been one of the first populations to differentiate from the most recent common ancestor of all living humans, estimated to have lived 60,000 to 90,000 years ago.

Steatopygia

Steatopygia is the state of having substantial levels of fatty tissue on the buttocks and thighs. This can be seen on the buttocks, the inside and outside of the thighs, and the knee.

Steatopygia is an inherited condition of the Khoisan peoples of southern Africa. Charles Darwin wrote about the Khoisan in "The Descent of Man" in 1882, commenting that their steatopygia evolved through sexual selection in human evolution, and that "the posterior part of the body projects in a most wonderful manner".

Luo people

The Luo (also called Joluo or Jonagi/Onagi, singular Jaluo, Jaonagi or Joramogi/Nyikwaramogi, meaning Ramogi's heirs) are an ethnic group in western Kenya, northern Uganda, and in Mara Region in northern Tanzania. They are part of a larger group of the linguistic Luo peoples who inhabit an area ranging from South Sudan, South-Western Ethiopia, Northern and Eastern Uganda, South-Western Kenya and North-Eastern Tanzania.

The Luo are the fourth largest ethnic group (15%) in Kenya, after the Kikuyu (22%), the Kalenjin (18%) and the Luhya (16%). The Luo and the Kikuyu inherited the most of political power in the first years following Kenya's independence in 1963. The Luo population in Kenya was estimated to be 2,185,000 in 1994 and 3.4 million in 2010 according to Govt census.

They are mostly fishermen but in the colonial era,they were pastoralists. They migrated from Bahr-El-Ghazal a sub-tributary of R.Nile and first settled at Pukungu Pakwach in Uganda and later dispersed to Kisumu in Kenya and Tanzania near Lake Victoria.

Their leader was called "Ruoth" meaning chief. There religion these days are Christianity, African Traditional Religion and some are Muslim.

Their god was called Nyasaye whom used to stay at Ramogi Hills. Their initiation used to be done on teen boys who used to get their 6 lower teeth removed,therefore they used to be regarded as men. These days they have stopped the practice and have copied the Kikuyu and circumsise the foreskin.


Ferdinando Imposimato

Ferdinando Imposimato (9 April 1936 – 2 January 2018) was an Italian magistrate. He was the Honorary President of the Supreme Court of Italy until his death. He was known for being a high-ranking prosecutor. He led the investigations of the kidnapping of Aldo Moro, Mehmet Ali Ağca's attempted assassination of Pope John Paul II, the assassination of banker Michele Sindona and many Mafia trials. He was twice a member of the Senate of the Republic.

In January 2015, he was nominated by the Five Star Movement as its candidate for the 2015 presidential election. An online survey by supporters of the movement won him 32% of the votes.

Imposimato was born in Maddaloni. He graduated from the University of Naples in 1959. He became a magistrate in 1964.

Imposimato died on 2 January 2018 in Rome, at the age of 81.

Tim Sweeney

Tim Sweeney (1929 – 1 January 2018) was an Irish sportsman. He played hurling with his local club Foneagh. He was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team between 1949 and 1963.

He won back-to-back county titles with Fohenagh in 1959 and 1960. He was on the Fohenagh team which lost the 1963 county final to Turloughmore.

Sweeney died at the age of 88 on 1 January 2018.

Persistence hunting

Persistence hunting is important because it is thought to have been important in earlier human societies. It is practiced today by the San people and by the Rarámari (Tarahumara) people of northwest Mexico.

Many animals on grassland move faster than humans. However, humans have endurance and can jog-trot for long distances. Their loss of hair allows them to sweat easily, and their spears give them a way to kill prey at the end of the hunting. 

A group of about four men start out on a search. Finding a suitable antelope, they move towards it, and the animal runs away. They check the signs, such as broken blades of grass, and follow it more slowly, but persistently. Eventually the animal has to stop to eat grass. Grass has so little nutrient that continual eating during the day is essential for their survival. If the antelope runs off into the far distance, one of the younger men is chosen to run after it while the others jog along behind. The runner comes back to say where the animal has gone. In this way younger members with endurance and older men with experience have their roles in the hunt. Eventually the men catch up while the animal can run no further without digesting grass (which is its 'fuel').

There is an alternative explanation as to why the animal eventually stops running, and that relates to its lesser ability to reduce its temperature by sweating, because its coat of fur is so much denser than the human hair covering. This may indeed play a part, but primarily the cause of fatigue is what is called 'metabolic fatigue', such as the shortage of fuel within the muscles.

The San people and their hunting methods were presented on television by David Attenborough in the documentary "The Life of Mammals, Program 10 Food for thought". 

DStv

DStv (Digital Satellite Television) is MultiChoice's digital satellite TV service in Sub-Saharan Africa, launched in 1995, providing various bouquets offering general entertainment, movies, lifestyle & culture, sport, documentaries, news & commerce, children, music, religion and consumer channels to MultiChoice subscribers. DStv has around 8 million subscribers, with the majority being in South Africa and Nigeria. These two markets are considered to be the most important markets for DStv, although markets such as Kenya, Ghana, Angola, Zimbabwe, Uganda, Mauritius and Tanzania, though not having as many subscribers, they are on major focus too.

Middelburg

Middelburg may refer to:


Bâgé-Dommartin

Bâgé-Dommartin is a new commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of east France. It started on January 1, 2018 and has the former communes of Bâgé-la-Ville and Dommartin in it.

Subaru Ascent

The Subaru Ascent is a mid-size sport utility vehicle made by Subaru. The seven or eight-seat passenger SUV, with a design based on the Subaru VIZIV-7 concept, made its debut at the LA Auto Show on November 28, 2017, and will go on sale in the spring of 2018 as a 2019 model in North America.

The Subaru Ascent was originally introduced as a concept car at the 2017 New York International Auto Show, where it was also announced that Subaru would be producing the vehicle at its Lafayette, Indiana Assembly Plant, with production beginning in early 2018, alongside the current Subaru Impreza. It will be the flagship Subaru vehicle in North America, and will replace the Subaru Tribeca (previously the B9 Tribeca), which was discontinued after the 2014 model year.


Lil Pump

Gazzy Fabio Garcia (born August 17, 2000), known professionally as Lil Pump, is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. Garcia is known for his hyperactive public persona, where he is often portrayed taking drugs, particularly marijuana, lean and Xanax; he is also known for shouting his catchphrase "Esskeetit" (a shortened version of "Let's get it"). He can often be seen on social media engaging in unwise behavior. Garcia was named as one of the 30 Under 30 by "Forbes" in 2019.

Lil Pump rose to popularity in 2017, after he released his song "Gucci Gang", which peaked at number three on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). He has since released other songs, including "I Love It" (with Kanye West), "Esskeetit", "Drug Addicts", "Butterfly Doors", "Racks on Racks", and "Be Like Me" (featuring Lil Wayne). He released his first studio album "Lil Pump" in October 2017. His song "Welcome to the Party" was featured in the soundtrack for "Deadpool 2".
He released his second studio album "Harverd Dropout" on February 22, 2019.

Gazzy was born and raised in Miami, Florida. Gazzy was resicuted from school when he was in the tenth grade as a result of fighting and participation in riot.

Garcia has dyslexia, which as a result he can't read as he stated in social media.


Petit-Landau

Petit-Landau is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

It lies along the Grand Canal d'Alsace.

Millennium Prize Problems

The Millennium Problems are 7 big math problems that if answered, could bring change all over math and science education, and may even affect technology.

Whoever solves any one of the Millennium Problems could win $1,000,000, as well as potentially other prizes for it, like the Fields Medal, or even the Nobel Prize.

Some of the problems have a relationship to the de Fermat conjecture called Fermat's Last Theorem or FLT. 

As described by the Clay Institute of Massachusetts, the Millennium Problems are:

A 200-year old question that is one of the most famous mathematical problems ever. Solving it will make mathematicians understand a lot more about prime numbers. It has applications in cryptography, number theory, and might even be useful in physics.

Mathematicians want to know when a certain function, called the Riemann Zeta function, written ζ(s), equals zero. There are many well known values of s where ζ(s) is zero, composing the negative even integers. The Riemann Hypothesis says that apart from these, ζ(s) equals zero only when s is a complex number with real part 1/2 or a negative whole number. As to whether this hypothetical is one of pure or applied math, a particular characterization of the machine to measure earthquakes gives real-part-1/2 spikes.
Some numbers have the special property that they cannot be expressed as the product of two smaller numbers, e.g., 2, 3, 5, 7, etc. Such numbers are called prime numbers, and they play an important role, both in pure mathematics and its applications. The distribution of such prime numbers among all natural numbers does not follow any regular pattern. However, the German mathematician G.F.B. Riemann (1826 - 1866) observed that the frequency of prime numbers is very closely related to the behavior of an elaborate function

called the Riemann Zeta function. The Riemann hypothesis asserts that all interesting solutions of the equation

lie on a certain vertical straight line.

This has been checked for the first 10,000,000,000,000 solutions. A proof that it is true for every interesting solution would shed light on many of the mysteries surrounding the distribution of prime numbers.

The laws of quantum physics stand to the world of elementary particles in the way that Newton's laws of classical mechanics stand to the macroscopic world. Almost half a century ago, Yang and Mills introduced a remarkable new framework to describe elementary particles using structures that also occur in geometry. Quantum Yang-Mills theory is now the foundation of most of elementary particle theory, and its predictions have been tested at many experimental laboratories, but its mathematical foundation is still unclear. The successful use of Yang-Mills theory to describe the strong interactions of elementary particles depends on a subtle quantum mechanical property called the "mass gap": the quantum particles have positive masses, even though the classical waves travel at the speed of light. This property has been discovered by physicists from experiment and confirmed by computer simulations, but it still has not been understood from a theoretical point of view. Progress in establishing the existence of the Yang-Mills theory and a mass gap will require the introduction of fundamental new ideas both in physics and in mathematics.

This is the most famous one in computer science. It would be solved "if" someone discovered
The metaphor can easily be asked of a pocket calculator: can it always find the solution of a typed equation as easily as it could check multiplication by division, for instance? The heart of the problem is in one-way operators' speed factor.

Suppose that you are organizing housing accommodations for a group of four hundred university students. Space is limited and only one hundred of the students will receive places in the dormitory. To complicate matters, the Dean has provided you with a list of pairs of incompatible students, and requested that no pair from this list appear in your final choice. This is an example of what computer scientists call an NP-problem, since it is easy to check if a given choice of one hundred students proposed by a coworker is satisfactory (i.e., no pair taken from your coworker's list also appears on the list from the Dean's office), however the task of generating such a list from scratch seems to be so hard as to be completely impractical. Indeed, the total number of ways of choosing one hundred students from the four hundred applicants is greater than the number of atoms in the known universe! Thus no future civilization could ever hope to build a supercomputer capable of solving the problem by brute force; that is, by checking every possible combination of 100 students. However, this apparent difficulty may only reflect the lack of ingenuity of your programmer. In fact, one of the outstanding problems in computer science is determining whether questions exist whose answer can be quickly checked, but which require an impossibly long time to solve by any direct procedure. Problems like the one listed above certainly seem to be of this kind, but so far no one has managed to prove that any of them really are so hard as they appear, i.e., that there really is no feasible way to generate an answer with the help of a computer. Stephen Cook and Leonid Levin formulated the P (i.e., easy to find) versus NP (i.e., easy to check) problem independently in 1971.

Perhaps the most important equations in fluid mechanics, which studies liquids and gases— to design better cars and jet airplanes, to learn how the atmosphere and water cycle work, among other things. They are shorthanded in engineering, much used in mathematics, and regarded in applied sciences.

Waves follow our boat as we meander across the lake, and turbulent air currents follow our flight in a modern jet. Mathematicians and physicists believe that an explanation for and the prediction of both the breeze and the turbulence can be found through an understanding of solutions to the Navier-Stokes equations. Although these equations were written down in the 19th Century, our understanding of them remains minimal. The challenge is to make substantial progress toward a mathematical theory which will unlock the secrets hidden in the Navier-Stokes equations.

In the twentieth century mathematicians discovered powerful ways to investigate the shapes of complicated objects. The basic idea is to ask to what extent we can approximate the shape of a given object by gluing together simple geometric building blocks of increasing dimension. This technique turned out to be so useful that it got generalized in many different ways, eventually leading to powerful tools that enabled mathematicians to make great progress in cataloging the variety of objects they encountered in their investigations. "Unfortunately, the geometric origins of the procedure became obscured in this generalization." In some sense it was necessary to add pieces that did not have any geometric interpretation. The Hodge conjecture asserts that for particularly nice types of spaces called projective algebraic varieties, the pieces called Hodge cycles are actually (rational linear) combinations of geometric pieces called algebraic cycles.

The only Millennium Problem that has been "conditionally" solved, as of 2018. Mathematician Grigori Perelman found it true in certain 4d characterizations of the 3-sphere, but declined the $1M prize.

Because Perelman published his papers over the Internet rather than in a peer-reviewed journal, as required by the Clay Math Institute's rules, he was not initially offered CMI’s award, though representatives for the organization indicated they might relax their requirements in his case. Complicating their decision was uncertainty over whether Perelman would accept the money; he publicly stated that he would not decide until the award was offered to him. Finally, in 2010, CMI offered Perelman the reward for proving the Poincaré conjecture, and Perelman refused.

The Poincaré Conjecture states that the sphere is the only 3D object that can be shrunk to a single point, given certain conditions.

By most schools of natural philosophy, this conjecture would be seen immediately as either obviously correct or obviously flawed. For one thing, it is not irreversible. The 3-sphere characterization, like various Happy End boards/Hademard tilings, has higher dimensional characterization, so the most desired solution would be an equation for y per dimension x.

If we stretch a rubber band around the surface of an apple, then we can shrink it down to a point by moving it slowly, without tearing it and without allowing it to leave the surface. On the other hand, if we imagine that the same rubber band has somehow been stretched in the appropriate direction around a doughnut, then there is no way of shrinking it to a point without breaking either the rubber band or the doughnut. We say the surface of the apple is "simply connected," but that the surface of the doughnut is not. Poincaré, almost a hundred years ago, knew that a two dimensional sphere is essentially characterized by this property of simple connectivity, and asked the corresponding question for the three dimensional sphere. 

This question turned out to be extraordinarily difficult. Nearly a century passed between its formulation in 1904 by Henri Poincaré and its solution by Grigoriy Perelman, announced in preprints posted on ArXiv.org in 2002 and 2003. Perelman's solution was based on Richard Hamilton's theory of Ricci flow, and made use of results on spaces of metrics due to Cheeger, Gromov, and Perelman himself. In these papers Perelman also proved William Thurston's Geometrization Conjecture, a special case of which is the Poincaré conjecture. See the press release of March 18, 2010.

Mathematicians have always been fascinated by the problem of describing all solutions in whole numbers x,y,z to algebraic equations like

x² + y² = z²

Euclid gave the complete solution for that equation, but for more complicated equations this becomes extremely difficult. Indeed, in 1970 Yu. V. Matiyasevich showed that Hilbert's tenth problem is unsolvable, i.e., there is no general method for determining when such equations have a solution in whole numbers. But in special cases one can hope to say something. When the solutions are the points of an abelian variety, the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture asserts that the size of the group of rational points is related to the behavior of an associated zeta function ζ(s) near the point s=1. In particular this amazing conjecture asserts that if ζ(1) is equal to 0, then there are an infinite number of rational points (solutions), and conversely, if ζ(1) is not equal to 0, then there is only a finite number of such points.
Jahn Otto Johansen

Jahn Otto Johansen (3 May 1934 – 1 January 2018) was a Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor, foreign correspondent and non-fiction writer. He was born in Porsgrunn, Norway. He worked for the newspaper "Morgenposten" from 1956 to 1966, for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK) from 1966 to 1977, and was chief editor of "Dagbladet" from 1977 to 1984.

Johansen died in Oslo on 1 January 2018 at the age of 83.

Ali Akbar Moinfar

Ali Akbar Moinfar (Persian: علی‌اکبر معین‌فر‎) (14 January 1928 – 2 January 2018) was an Iranian politician. He served as the first Petroleum Minister of Iran. He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly representing Tehran from 1980 through 1984. He was born in Tehran.

Moinfar died in Tehran on 2 January 2018 of renal failure at the age of 89.

Rick Hall

Roe Erister "Rick" Hall (January 31, 1932 – January 2, 2018) was an American record producer, songwriter, and music publisher. He was best known as the owner and proprietor of FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, and "Father of Muscle Shoals Music". 

Hall was born in Tishomingo County, Mississippi. He was raised in Rockford, Illinois. He was drafted to the Korean War, though rejected the draft as a conscientious objector.

Hall was added into the Alabama Music Hall of Fame in 1985 and also received the John Herbert Orr Pioneer Award. In 2014, he won the Grammy Trustees Award in recognition of his long career. Hall remained active in the music industry with FAME Studios, FAME Records, and FAME Publishing.

Hall died of prostate cancer in Muscle Shoals, Alabama on January 2, 2018 at the age of 85.

George Clements

George Harold Clements (January 26, 1932 – November 25, 2019) was an American Roman Catholic priest. In 1981, became the first Catholic priest in the Chicago area to adopt a child. 

In June 1969, Father Clements became the first black pastor of Holy Angels Catholic Church on the South Side of Chicago. He was also well known for his involvement in civil rights activities in the 1960s.

In August 2019, Cardinal Blase J. Cupich asked Clements resign from ministry, while the Church investigates allegations that he sexually abused a minor in 1974. 

Clements suffered a stroke on October 12, 2019. He died on November 25, 2019 at a hospital in Hammond, Indiana from a heart attack caused by the stroke, aged 87.

Jack F. Matlock Jr.

Jack Foust Matlock Jr. (born October 1, 1929) is an American former ambassador, career Foreign Service Officer, a teacher, a historian, and a linguist. He was a specialist in Soviet affairs during the years of the Cold War, and served as U.S. Ambassador to the Soviet Union from 1987 to 1991 during the Presidency of Ronald Reagan.


Rebecca Matlock

Rebecca Burrum Matlock (December 7, 1928 – November 9, 2019) is an American photographer. She was born in Manchester, Tennessee. She is the wife of former U.S. Ambassador Jack F. Matlock Jr. since 1949. They both studied at Duke University.

In 1956 the Matlocks joined the Foreign Service and were posted in following years to Vienna, Oberammergau, Moscow, Accra, Zanzibar, and Dar es Salaam. Two more children were born during their first tour in Moscow (David and Joseph).

In 2009 she was named Honorary Trustee of the Friends of Davis International Center of Princeton University.


Naina Yeltsina

Naina Iosifovna Yeltsina (, née Girina, ; born 14 March 1932) is the widow of the first President of the Russian Federation, Boris Yeltsin.

Yeltsina was rarely seen in public. She accompanied her husband on some of his foreign visits, including 1997 visits to Sweden, Finland, and a 1999 visit to China. As a rule, Naina Yeltsina never interfered in her husband's political work.

Robert Mann

Robert Mann (July 19, 1920 – January 1, 2018) was an American violinist, composer, and conductor. He was the founding member of the Juilliard String Quartet in 1946. He was as well a faculty member at the Manhattan School of Music. Mann, the first violinist at Juilliard, served on the school's string quartet for over fifty years until his retirement in 1997.

Mann played and performed on many instruments, including those made by Antonio Stradivari and John Young. Mann was the subject of a 2014 documentary, titled "Speak the Music".

Mann died at his home in Manhattan, New York on January 1, 2018 at the age of 97.

The Conjuring 2

The Conjuring 2 is a 2016 American supernatural horror movie directed by James Wan. It is the sequel to 2013's "The Conjuring" and the third movie in "The Conjuring" series.

Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga reprise their roles as paranormal investigators and authors Ed and Lorraine Warren from the first movie. The movie is about the Warrens as they travel to England to help the Hodgson family, who are experiencing poltergeist activity in Enfield council house in 1977. This event became referred to as the Enfield Poltergeist.

"The Conjuring 2" was released in North America on June 10, 2016. The movie received positive reviews from critics and has made over $320 million worldwide. A spin-off prequel movie, "The Nun", is scheduled to be released in 2018.


Hurricane Julia (2010)

Hurricane Julia was the easternmost Category 4 hurricane recorded in the Atlantic basin since reliable satellite observations became available. On Sept. 15, Julia and Igor had both been powerful category four hurricanes but Julia's wind speeds had continued to drop since because of wind shear from monster hurricane Igor's outflow. By 11 a.m. EDT on Sept. 20, the National Hurricane Center issued their final warning on Julia. She was 1,100 miles west of the Azores near 34.7 North and 46.4 West and maximum sustained winds were near 46 mph, but quickly weakening. Julia had later been downgraded into a low pressure system and is now in the 2010 Atlantic Hurricane Season history books. Meanwhile, Igor's life history is not finished as he makes a track further into the North Atlantic Ocean. Hurricane Julia became a Category 4 storm in just 24 hours. She is currently out in the Atlantic with sustained winds at 135 mph. Luckily, there were no deaths. The maximum wind speed of the cyclone was 140mph. The minimum pressure created was 948/949mb. The cyclone lasted for 13 days (09/12 - 09/24) with the changing of the catergories.

American League Division Series

In Major League Baseball, the American League Division Series (ALDS) is played from the beginning to the middle of October, and decides which two teams in the American League will play in the American League Championship Series. It consists of two best series out of the five series featuring three division winners, and the winner of the wild card game. Each series is completed once a team has won three games.

The first Division Series was played in the strike shortened 1981 MLB season. Teams in first place before the strike took on teams in first place after the strike. In 1994, the Division Series was added for good. Both leagues were split in to three divisions each; and the wild card was added as well. However, a strike cancelled the rest of the 1994 season, including the playoffs. The current-day Division Series thus began the play in 1995.

Wolf Point East Tower

Wolf Point East Tower is the second tallest of three buildings being developed in the Near North Side community area on the Wolf Point property near the Chicago River in downtown Chicago.

The building is planned to be about 60 stories and tall. It will have 698 units. Although originally thought to be a mixed use building when planned in 2012 and approved in 2013, the building was reenvisioned as an apartment building in 2016. Construction began in 2017.

Rock N Roll McDonald's

The Rock N Roll McDonald's (formerly The Original Rock 'N Roll McDonald's) is a McDonald's restaurant in Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the most famous McDonald's locations in the world and was once the busiest in the United States.

The restaurant, in the River North section of the Near North Side community area (neighborhood) of Chicago, a few city blocks west of the Magnificent Mile, had been a tourist attraction since it opened in 1983.

After the demolition of the original building, the present building opened in 2005 and originally had a seating capacity of 300. The original 1983 building and the first design of the rebuilt 2005 structure site held a rock and roll exhibit in a building next to the restaurant and a small upstairs McDonald's museum display.

The building features the first two-lane McDonald's drive-through, a café, flat panel televisions and a green roof. In 2017, a redesign of the restaurant planned to remove the Rock N Roll theme for a more modernized version, which opened on August 8, 2018.

1000M

1000M (formerly referred to as 1000 South Michigan) is a skyscraper planned for Chicago, Illinois in the Historic Michigan Boulevard District portion of Michigan Avenue in the Loop community area of Chicago. 

It is designed by Helmut Jahn. It is planned as a 74-story, tall residential condominium tower located at 1000 South Michigan Avenue that is being developed by Time Equities, Inc., JK Equities and Oak Capitals. The 323-unit building will include one to four bedroom luxury condominiums. 

While there is not yet a scheduled ground breaking date, 1000M is on track to be completed in 2021. 

Helmut Jahn

Helmut Jahn (January 4, 1940 – May 8, 2021) was a German-American architect from Chicago, Illinois. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany.

Jahn was well known for designs such as the Sony Center on the Potsdamer Platz in Berlin, Germany, the Messeturm in Frankfurt, Germany, the One Liberty Place in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (formerly the tallest building in Philadelphia), and the Suvarnabhumi Airport, an international airport in Bangkok, Thailand. 

Recent projects include a residential tower in New York City, 50 West St in 2016 and the Thyssenkrup Test Tower in Rottweil, Germany in 2017. He was designing the 1000M, a super-tall residential complex in Chicago at the time of his death.

Jahn was riding his bicycle on May 8, 2021 and was hit by a car in Campton Hills, Illinois. He died from his injuries a few hours later, aged 81.

NEMA (Chicago)

NEMA (also 1200 South Indiana or One Grant Park and formerly 113 East Roosevelt) is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois in the Central Station neighborhood, of the Near South Side community area.

The skyscraper has 792 apartments and rise . It is designed by Rafael Viñoly as the first of a three phase development that includes an even taller 648-unit structure as the second phase and a 100-unit townhouse development with a public park as the third phase.

Gateway Tower (Chicago)

Gateway Tower is a proposed mixed-use supertall skyscraper planned on the abandoned site of the former Chicago Spire in the Streeterville neighborhood of the Near North Side of Chicago.

The building is planned to be tall. The building would include condos, apartments, a hotel, a Skylobby, a Skydeck with a restaurant, an amusement ride and sky-garden.

St. Regis Chicago

The St. Regis Chicago, formerly Wanda Vista Tower, is a 101-story, supertall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois.

Construction started in August 2016 and was completed in 2020 with the remaining portion expected to finish by the third quarter of 2021. Upon completion, St. Regis became the city's third-tallest building at , passing the Aon Center. It is the tallest structure in the world designed by a woman. It was designed by architect, Jeanne Gang. Vista Tower complements the design of the nearby Aqua skyscraper.

Vista Tower cost nearly $1 billion to construct.

The tower is made up of three connecting towers with differing heights. The tower topped out in April 2019. It formed part of the Lakeshore East development.

One Bennett Park

One Bennett Park is a skyscraper at 451 East Grand Avenue, in the Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago.

The project was first announced as the building at 451 E. Grand Ave in July 2014, approved in December 2014, and named One Bennett Park in October 2015.

The building is named for Edward H. Bennett, the Chicago architect and urban planner who coauthored the 1909 Plan of Chicago. When completed, it will be among the tallest buildings in Chicago.

Streeterville

Streeterville is a neighborhood in the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois, United States, north of the Chicago River. It is named for George Streeter. 

It is bounded by the river on the south, the Magnificent Mile portion of Michigan Avenue on the west, and Lake Michigan on the north and east, according to most sources, although the City of Chicago only recognizes a small portion of this region as Streeterville. It can be described as the Magnificent Mile plus all land east of it. 

The majority of the land in this neighborhood is sandbar.

Humboldt Park, Chicago

Humboldt Park, one of 77 designated community areas, is on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois. The Humboldt Park neighborhood is known for its social and ethnic demographic change over the years. The Puerto Rican community has identified strongly with the area since the 1970s.

Humboldt Park is also the name of a 207-acre (0.8 km²) park near to the community area. The area is considered to be the most violent in the city.

Kappalottiya Tamizhan

Kappalottiya Tamizhan (The Tamilian who drives the ship) is a Tamil movie released in 1961. The movie was directed by B.R.Panthulu. The main roles were acted by Sivaji Ganesan and Gemini Ganesan. The supporting roles were made by S. V. Subbaiah, T. K. Shanmugham, S. V. Ranga Rao, Savitri and S. A. Ashokan. The movie was based on the life history of freedom fighter, V. O. Chidambaram Pillai. This movie was awarded the National Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil. Somehow it failed in the collections or became a commercially failed movie.

"Kappalottiya Thamizhan" received generally positive reviews. Malathi Rangarajan of "The Hindu newspaper" said, "Films on patriotism are many. But Panthulu's "Kappalottiya Tamizhan" stands higher for the natural imitations of Sivaji Ganesan as VOC, and S.V. Subbiah as Bharatiar. The reviews praise the movie that it remains a perfect showcase of the Independence Movement in the South.

"Kappalottiya Thamizhan" was the first Tamil movie to get tax exemption (No tax is needed to pay), from the Government of India. This is because of the movie's content of patriotism. But it became a commercial failure. It faced a loss of Rs. 7 Lakhs.

West Side, Chicago

The West Side is one of the three major sections of the city of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, along with the North Side and the South Side. The West Side consists of communities that are of historical, cultural, and ideological importance to the history and development of Chicago. On the municipal flag of Chicago, the West Side is represented by the central white stripe.

It is often seen by the media and residents as a largely poor, crime-ridden area of the city.

North Side, Chicago

The North Side is one of the neighborhoods of Chicago. It extends north of Central−Downtown Chicago, the West Side districts, and the Chicago River to the city's northern and northwestern borders. 

It is the most densely populated residential section of the city, and has a large middle and upper-class demographic. It has many public parklands (such as the huge Lincoln Park) and miles of beaches along Lake Michigan to the city's northern limits. 

Residential highrises line the waterfront in the eastern North Side. The district includes Eastern European, Puerto Rican, and other ethnic enclaves. It is the home of the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field.

East Side, Chicago

East Side is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the far south side of the city, between the Calumet River and the Illinois-Indiana state line, about south of Downtown Chicago.

The neighborhood has its own park on Lake Michigan, Calumet Park, and its own forest preserve, Eggers Grove Forest Preserve, which neighborhood residents usually call "Eggers Woods"

There are about 1,560 jobs in the East Side community area. The East Side has a "hardship index" of 53.9 based on its levels of unemployment, education, per capita income level, poverty, crowded housing and dependency. This ranks in the middle of Chicago community areas.

Oak Street Beach

Oak Street Beach is located on North Lake Shore Drive in Chicago, Illinois, on the shore of Lake Michigan. 

One of the many Chicago beaches, the Chicago Park District says Oak Street Beach as the area from approximately 1550 North Lake Shore Drive to 500 North Lake Shore Drive, including Ohio Street Beach, the South Ledge, a concrete path running from Ohio Street beach to the Oak Street Curve, Oak Street Beachstro Restaurant, Oak Street Beach proper, the "North Ledge", and a concrete path running from Oak Street Beach to North Avenue Beach.

Oak Street Beach was formed by sand washing up against the northern side of Streeterville.

Chicago Park District

The Chicago Park District is the oldest and one of the largest park districts in the United States. 

As of 2016, there are over 580 parks included in the Chicago Park District as well as 31 beaches, several boat harbors, two botanic conservatories, a zoo, and 11 museums. 

The parks also have multiple field houses, public pools, and sports and recreational facilities, and host programs throughout the year. The district's headquarters are located in the Time-Life Building in the Streeterville neighborhood.

Time-Life Building (Chicago)

The Time-Life Building is a , 30-story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois designed by Harry Weese and completed in 1969. 

It is located at 541 North Fairbanks Court in the Near North Side. It was among the first in the U.S. to use double-deck elevators. The odd-numbered floors are accessible from the lower lobby, with even floors serviced from the upper level. It currently serves as the headquarters for the Chicago Park District.


Cloud Gate

Cloud Gate is a public sculpture by Indian-born British artist Sir Anish Kapoor. It is the centerpiece of AT&T Plaza at Millennium Park in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.

Constructed between 2004 and 2006, the sculpture is nicknamed the Bean because of its shape. Made up of 168 stainless steel plates welded together, its highly polished exterior has no visible seams. It measures , and weighs .

Kapoor's design was inspired by liquid mercury.


Harold Washington Library

The Harold Washington Library Center is the central library for the Chicago Public Library System. It is located just south of the Loop 'L', at 400 S. State Street in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois. 

It is a full-service library and ADA (people with disabilities) can access the library. As with all libraries in the Chicago Public Library system, it has free wifi internet service. The building contains has of space. 

The total square footage is about including the rooftop garden penthouse, according to the Zoning department of the city of Chicago.

The Loop (CTA)

The Loop (historically Union Loop, or commonly Loop) is the long circuit of elevated railroad that forms the hub of the Chicago "L" system in Chicago, Illinois.

As of 2012, the branch has served 74,651 passengers every weekday.

The Loop is so named because the railroad loops around a rectangle formed by Lake Street (north side), Wabash Avenue (east), Van Buren Street (south), and Wells Street (west). The railroad loop has given its name to Chicago's downtown, which is known as the Loop. However, transportation historian Bruce Moffat has concluded that "The Loop" was not used as a proper noun until after Charles Yerkes' 1895–97 construction of the elevated structure.

Jefferson Park, Chicago

Jefferson Park is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, located on the Northwest Side of the city. The neighborhood of Jefferson Park occupies a larger swath of territory.

Jefferson Park is bordered by the community areas of Norwood Park to the northwest, Forest Glen to the northeast, Portage Park to the south, and the suburb of Harwood Heights to the south. A large blue line station is in the neighborhood.

Although the official community area map draws the boundary between Jefferson Park and Portage Park at Gunnison Street and Lawrence Avenue, the Jefferson Park neighborhood extends to Montrose Avenue farther south.

The neighborhood is named after President Thomas Jefferson.

The Taste of Polonia has brought some of the nation's most known political figures to Jefferson Park to win the support of Chicago's Polish community. President George H. W. Bush hosted the festival in 1992 and in 2000, future Vice President Dick Cheney as well as Tipper Gore, and Hadassah Lieberman made an appearance.

Happy Birthday to You

"Happy Birthday to You", more commonly known as simply "Happy Birthday", is a song that is traditionally sung to celebrate a birthday. According to the 1998 "Guinness World Records", "Happy Birthday to You" is the most recognized song in the English language. The song's base lyrics have been translated into at least 18 languages.

The melody of "Happy Birthday to You" comes from the song "Good Morning to All", which has traditionally been attributed to American sisters Patty and Mildred J. Hill in 1893, although the claim that the sisters composed the tune is disputed.
The song is in the public domain in the United States and the European Union. Warner Chappell Music had said they had the copyright on the song in the US and collected money for its use. In 2015, the copyright claim was declared invalid and Warner Chappell agreed to pay back $14 million in licensing fees. The copyright ended in the European Union on January 1, 2017.

<score lang="lilypond">\relative c' { \key f \major \time 3/4 \partial 4 c8. c16 | d4 c f | e2 c8. c16 | d4 c g' | f2 c8. c16 | c'4 a f | e( d) bes'8. bes16 | a4 f g | f2 \bar "|." } \addlyrics { Hap -- py birth -- day to you, Hap -- py birth -- day to you, Hap -- py birth -- day dear [NAME], __ Hap -- py birth -- day to you. }</score>

Norwood Park, Chicago

Norwood Park is one of 77 Chicago community areas. It is made up of smaller neighborhoods of Big Oaks, Norwood Park East, Norwood Park West, Old Norwood Park, Oriole Park, and Union Ridge.

Originally organized in 1872 from near townships (Jefferson, Leyden and Niles) as a village, and named after Henry Ward Beecher's novel "Norwood, or Village Life in New England" (1868), Norwood Park was annexed to the City of Chicago in 1893. 

Norwood Park was incorporated as a village in 1874 and annexed to Chicago on November 7, 1893.

Every Memorial Day there is a parade that runs through Norwood Park. The parade has been a local tradition for more than 90 years, starting in 1922. The community area also has the oldest building in Chicago, the Noble-Seymour-Crippen House. 

Taft High School was completed in 1939, with major additions made in 1959 and 1974.

Mahé, India

Mahe (also known as Mayyazhi), is a small town in Mahe River. It is surrounded on all sides by the State of Kerala. The Kannur District surrounds Mahé on three sides. Kozhikode District surrounds it from one side. Mahe belongs to the Puducherry union territory. This town is the headquarters of the district. Formerly it was a part of French India. Mahé now forms a municipality in Mahe district.
As of 2011 Indian census, Mahe had a population of 41,816, mostly Malayalis. 

Mahe has an average literacy rate of 97.87%. Male and female literacy were 98.63% and 97.25% respectively. In Mahe, 10.89% of the population consists of children under six years of age.

Coonoor

Coonoor is a municipality in the Nilgiris District in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is known for its production of Nilgiri tea. This town is the second-largest hill station in the Nilgiri hills after Ooty. Coonoor is home to the Pasteur Institute of India. This institute is responsible for producing anti-rabies vaccine and vaccines for government immunization programs.

According to 2011 census, Coonoor had a population of 45,494. The population's sex-ratio is 1,058 females for every 1,000 males. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes consist of 27.92% and 23% of the population respectively.


Zillis-Reischen

Zillis-Reischen is a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.


Pfaffenheim

Pfaffenheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. In 2015, 1428 people lived there.

Pfastatt

Pfastatt is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

NGC 6025

NGC 6025 is an open cluster in the Triangulum Australe constellation. It is about 2,700 light-years away from Earth.

Taye Taiwo

Taye Ismaila Taiwo (born 16 April 1985) is a Nigerian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for AFC Eskilstuna.


Pulversheim

Pulversheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in east France.

Ton Fan Group

The Ton Fan Group (Mandarin "東方畫會", pinyin "Dongfang Huahui"), also known by the names "Eastern Painting Society", "Eastern Art Group "and" Orient Movement", is a Taiwanese avant-garde artistic movement founded 
,amongst others like Hsiao Chin, by Ho-Kan in 1956 in Taipei Hence the other name of the group "Eight Great Outlaws". The creation of this group played a major role in the development of Taiwanese art, and the history of Chinese art in the 20th century.

Fred Bass

Fred Bass (June 28, 1928 – January 3, 2018) was an American businessman. He was born in New York City. He was best known as the owner of New York City's Strand Bookstore, which was founded by his father Ben Bass. Bass joined the family business at the age of 13, working weekends with his father when Strand was located on 4th Avenue.

His daughter Nancy is married to United States senator from Oregon Ron Wyden.

Bass died on January 3, 2018 in Manhattan, New York of congestive heart failure at the age of 89.

Lawal Kaita

Lawal Kaita (4 October 1932 – 2 January 2018) was a Nigerian politician. He was elected on the National Party of Nigeria (NPN) platform as governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria, holding office between October and December 1983. He left office when the Nigerian Second Republic ended with the coup that brought General Muhammadu Buhari to power.

Kaita died on 2 January 2018 of liver failure in Abuja, Nigeria, aged 85.

Conan the Indomitable

Conan the Indomitable is a fantasy novel by American writer Steve Perry, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1989; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in September 1990.

Yadgir district

Yadgir District is one of the 30 districts of Karnataka state in southern India. 

John Skehel

Sir John James Skehel (born 27 February 1941) FRS FMedSci is a British virologist and Emeritus scientist at the Francis Crick Institute in London.

From 1987 to 2006 he was Director of the National Institute for Medical Research (NIMR) at Mill Hill. This was incorporated into the Crick Institute in 2016.

Francis Crick Institute

The Francis Crick Institute is a biomedical research centre in London which opened in 2016. It is a partnership between Cancer Research UK, Imperial College London, King's College London (KCL), the Medical Research Council, University College London (UCL) and the Wellcome Trust. 

The institute has 1,500 staff, including 1,250 scientists, and an annual budget of over £100 million, making it the biggest single biomedical laboratory in Europe. 

The Institute includes the former UK Centre for Medical Research and Innovation, which was at Mill Hill, North London. 

The institute is named after the British molecular biologist, biophysicist, and neuroscientist Francis Crick, co-discoverer of the structure of DNA. Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with James Watson and Maurice Wilkins. Unofficially, the Crick has been called "Sir Paul's Cathedral", a reference to its Director, Sir Paul Nurse, and St Paul's Cathedral.

Nine-dart finish

A nine-dart finish is a perfect leg (single game) of darts. It is achieved by using the minimum number of darts. The aim of each player is to gradually subtract their score from their initial number of points (501) until they reach 0 (without scoring under), by finishing either on a double or a bullseye.

Only a few players have ever managed to perform a nine-dart finish.

There are many different scoring combinations how one can manage a nine-dart finish. It is often done by two maximum scores of 180, followed by two triples (one 20 and one lower number) and a winning double.

Waadhoeke

Waadhoeke is a municipality of the Province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It lies in the northeast of Friesland at the Wadden Sea.

The municipality was established on January 1, 2018. It was made by combining the former municipalities of het Bildt, Franekeradeel, Menameradiel, and parts of Littenseradiel.

About 47,000 people live in Waadhoeke. It covers an area of about .

The main settlement is the small city of Franeker.

WWE Roadblock

Roadblock was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the WWE, an American–based promotion. It was broadcast live and available on PPV and the WWE Network. The event was established in March 2016, debuting as a WWE Network-only exclusive. The second event, now a Raw brand exclusive event, was moved to December 2016 where it aired on the WWE Network, but also traditional PPV outlets as well. The event's name was a reference to its original March position on the "Road to WrestleMania".


Bühler

Bühler is a municipality of the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland.

Sarn, Switzerland

Sarn was a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn, and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.

Pfetterhouse

Pfetterhouse is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department.

Raedersdorf

Raedersdorf is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Aharon Appelfeld

Aharon Appelfeld (; born Ervin Appelfeld; February 16, 1932 – January 4, 2018) was a Romanian-born Israeli novelist and Holocaust survivor. He lived in Mevaseret Zion and taught literature at Ben Gurion University of the Negev and was often writing in Jerusalem's Ticho House (Beit Ticho).

In 2007, Appelfeld's "Badenheim 1939" was adapted for the stage and performed at the Gerard Behar Center in Jerusalem.

In 1941, when he was nine years old, the Romanian Army retook his hometown after a year of Soviet occupation and his mother was murdered. Appelfeld was deported with his father to a Nazi concentration camp in Romanian-controlled Transnistria. He escaped and hid for three years before joining the Soviet army as a cook.

Bruce Halle

Bruce Halle (May 27, 1930 – January 4, 2018) was an American businessman and the founder and chairman of Discount Tire. He was the wealthiest person in Arizona. He was born in Springfield, Massachusetts. He donated much of his money to Republican-related causes and politicians.

Halle died on January 4, 2018, in Paradise Valley, Arizona at the age of 87.

Frank Buxton

Frank Buxton (February 13, 1930 – January 2, 2018) was an American actor, television writer, author, and television director. He was born in Wellesley, Massachusetts. 

In 1966, Buxton teamed up with Hal Seeger in the animated cartoon series "Batfink". He also hosted the game show "Get the Message" for ABC in 1964. He also had movie roles in "What's Up, Tiger Lily?" and "Overboard".

For the 1970s, Buxton worked as a writer, producer and director for Paramount Television. He served as a story editor for the comedy anthology series "Love, American Style", in addition to writing and directing episodes of "The Odd Couple", "Happy Days" and "Mork & Mindy".

Buxton died at his home in Bainbridge Island, Washington of complications from heart disease on January 2, 2018 at the age of 87. 

Trust (American TV series)

Trust is an American television anthology series that premiered on FX. "Trust"'s 10-episode first season is set in 1973 and centers on the kidnapping in Italy of John Paul Getty III, then-heir to Getty Oil. The first season was written by Simon Beaufoy and directed by Danny Boyle.

The series premiered on March 25, 2018 to positive reviews praising Sutherland's performance of Getty.

It stars Donald Sutherland as J. Paul Getty, Hilary Swank as Gail Getty, Harris Dickinson as John Paul Getty III, Brendan Fraser as James Fletcher Chace, and Michael Esper as John Paul Getty Jr. with Verónica Echegui as Luciana.

West Orange, New Jersey

West Orange is a suburban township in central Essex County, New Jersey, United States. 

Former Governor of New Jersey Brendan Byrne was born here in 1924. West Orange was initially a part of Newark township, and remained so until November 27, 1806. It was detached from Orange, New Jersey.

The township is named either after William III of England or William IV, Prince of Orange 

According to the United States Census Bureau, the township had a total area of 12.125 square miles (31.40 km), including 12.003 square miles (31.09 km) of land and 0.122 square miles (0.32 km) of water (1.0%). It is located about west of downtown Newark and west of New York City.

As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 48,843, an increase from the 46,207 counted in the 2010 Census.

Livingston, New Jersey

Livingston is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 31,330.

Livingston was made as a township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 5, 1813, from portions of Caldwell Township (now Fairfield Township) and Springfield Township (now in Union County, New Jersey).

The township was named for William Livingston, the first Governor of New Jersey; his family's coat of arms serves as the township's seal.

Guida Maria

Guida Maria (23 January 1950 – 2 January 2018) was a Portuguese actress. Her career lasted 60 years. She was born in Lisbon. She first appeared as Helen Keller in "The Miracle Worker". In 1973, Maria starred in the movie "The Vows". She appeared on television shows including "A Única Mulher" ("The Only Woman)" and the Brazilian series "O Bem-Amado".

Maria died at a Lisbon hospital of pancreatic cancer on 2 January 2018 at the age of 67.

New Glasgow, Nova Scotia

New Glasgow is a town in Pictou County, in the province of Nova Scotia, Canada. 


Vladimir Yankilevsky

Vladimir Borisovich Yankilevsky (Russian: Владимир Борисович Янкилевский) (February 15, 1938 — January 4, 2017) was a Russian artist. He was born in Moscow.

Yankilevsky was known mostly for his work in the Soviet Nonconformist Art movement of the 1960s through the 1980s. His most famous works are his triptychs, works that are hard to classify. His works often create a nightmarish imagery to paint a picture of restrictive mental states about daily life in the Soviet Union, and with the human condition in general. 

Yankilevsky was also known for having participated in the Manezh Art Exhibit of 1962, during which Nikita Khrushchev famously chastised the Nonconformist Art Movement as degenerate. 

In the vibrant art scene of 1970s Moscow, he was discorvered by Dina Vierny, a distinguished gallerist and art collector based in Paris. Vierny, after a visit in Moscow in the early 1970’s, committed to supporting artists resisting the constraints of socialist realism and discovered Yankilevskly, among others such as Ilya Kabakov and Erik Bulatov. In the challenging climate of Soviet artistic constraints, Yankilevsky, alongside other non-conformist artists, faced obstacles in expressing their creativity freely. Dina Vierny, recognizing the immense talent and the struggle these artists endured, played a pivotal role in aiding their artistic aspirations. With Vierny's assistance, Yankilevsky made the momentous decision to relocate to Paris, a city renowned for its artistic freedom and diverse creative environment.

In this new chapter of his life, Yankilevsky found himself amidst a community of like-minded artists who, despite diverse styles, shared a common goal—to break free from the confines of state-imposed artistic norms, particularly socialist realism. This relocation not only marked a geographical shift but also symbolized a profound liberation for Yankilevsky and his fellow artists.

The move to Paris facilitated an environment where Yankilevsky could further explore and exhibit his distinctive artistic vision without the constraints imposed by the Soviet regime. Dina Vierny's unwavering support and commitment to the Russian avant-garde artists played a crucial role in fostering a space where their creativity could flourish, contributing to the rich tapestry of artistic expression in the vibrant cultural landscape of Paris. Vierny's commitment culminated in the groundbreaking exhibition "Russian Avant-Garde - Moscow 1973" at her Saint-Germain-des-Prés gallery, showcasing the diverse yet united front of non-conformist artists challenging the artistic norms of their time.

Yankilevsky died in Paris of leukemia on January 4, 2018 at the age of 79.

Mary Anne Krupsak

Mary Anne Krupsak (born March 26, 1932) is an American lawyer and politician. She was Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1975 to 1978 during the Governship of Hugh Carey. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She also served on the New York State Senate and on the New York State Assembly.

Krupsak was born in Schenectady, New York. She was raised in Buffalo, New York. Krupsak studied at the University of Rochester, at Boston University and at the University of Chicago.

Krupsak was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1969 to 1973. She was a member of the New York State Senate from 1973 to 1975. She was elected Lieutenant Governor of New York at the New York state election, 1974.

After being elected Lieutenant Governor, Krupsak became upset with how Hugh Carey treated her in office and felt she was not given enough to do. After saying yes to run for a second term with Carey in 1978, Krupsak decided to withdraw from the ticket and instead challenge Carey for the Democratic nomination for governor. She lost the Democratic primary to Carey, and after running unsuccessfully for Congress in 1980, she retired from politics.


Ryakuji

Ryakuji (kanji:略字, kana:りゃくじ) are shorthand and usually unofficial forms of kanji. 

For example, 々 is a shorthand form of the kanji 仝, which itself is another form of the kanji 同, which means "same". For compound words where the same kanji is used twice in a row, 々 is used where the second kanji would be so that it doesn't have to be written again. 

For example, the word "tokidoki", which means "from time to time", uses the same kanji for "time" twice, but is written as 時々 instead of 時時 because Japanese would see the second compound as redundant. So 々 implies that the second character is the same as the first.

Other same character compounds include:

This is similar to English ligatures, or letters that combine to make a new letter or symbol such as &, which was a combination of the letters that make the Latin word "et".

Amanda Cottreau

Amanda Cottreau is a Canadian folk singer-songwriter based in Ottawa. Amanda is a member of songwriters association of Canada. Amanda made it to round 2 of CBC searchlight contest 2015 with Lady Lover and featured vocalist on a second song, "Little Bird".

Amanda begun her musical career as a lead background vocals in a worship band from 1998-2003 which was based in Kingston, Ontario. Later she worked with Ryan Potter, an Ottawa-based musician and producer. In November 2010, Amanda released her first solo album "Universe in a Soft Shell". In 2012, one of the track named "Couldn't Wait" from the album "Universe in a Soft Shell" was featured on TV series .

Amanda has performed over a hundred shows between Ontario, Quebec & Nova Scotia along with Lucila Al Mar, JustJamaal & Raymundo Pizana.

Grauman's Chinese Theatre

Grauman's Chinese Theatre is a movie palace on the historic Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6925 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood, California, United States.

Ravenswood, Chicago

Ravenswood is a neighborhood located on the North Side of the city of Chicago, Illinois. It is in Lincoln Square, one of the 77 well-defined Chicago community areas. Ravenswood was founded in 1868 as a woodland area. The woods supported a population of ravens.

Ravenswood is known for its courtyard-style residential buildings. Once considered an "up and coming" neighborhood, Ravenswood has seen its real estate values skyrocket since the 1990s. 

Many notable politicians live in Ravenswood such as Mayor Rahm Emanuel and former Governor Rod Blagojevich.

Lincoln Square, Chicago

Lincoln Square, located on the North Side of the city of Chicago, Illinois, is one of 77 well-defined Chicago community areas. The city's largest cemetery, Rosehill Cemetery, is located here.

Greater Lincoln Square is made up of the smaller neighborhoods of Ravenswood Gardens, Bowmanville, Budlong Woods and Lincoln Square (neighborhood). Although it is sometimes known by these other names the City of Chicago officially designated it as Lincoln Square in 1925.

According to the Encyclopedia of Chicago, the neighborhood make-up of Ravenswood and Lincoln Square is a common mistake — the two are not different. The boundaries of the original Ravenswood subdivision, drawn in 1869, were Montrose, Lawrence, Clark and Damen.

Logan Square, Chicago

Logan Square is an official community area, historical neighborhood, and public square. It is in northwest Chicago. The Logan Square community area is one of the 77 community areas. 

The Logan Square neighborhood, within the Logan Square community area, is centered on the public square with the same name at the three-way intersection of Milwaukee Avenue, Logan Boulevard and Kedzie Boulevard.

The area is has well known historical boulevards, stately greystones and large bungalow-style homes.


Wicker Park, Chicago

Wicker Park is a neighborhood of about 26,000 residents within the West Town community area in Chicago, Illinois. Situated just west of the Kennedy Expressway, Wicker Park is known for its local hipster culture, art community, nightlife, and food scene.

The neighborhood is west of Pulaski Park, northwest of The Loop, north of East Village and Ukrainian Village, east of Humboldt Park, and south of Bucktown. 

West Town, Chicago

West Town, located in Chicago. It is located on Chicago's West Side is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas. 

Much of this area was historically part of the city's Polish Downtown. The boundaries of the community area are the Chicago River to the east, the Union Pacific railroad tracks to the south, the former railroad tracks on Bloomingdale Avenue to the North, and an irregular western border to the west that includes the city park called Humboldt Park. 

Humboldt Park is also the name of the community area to West Town's west, Logan Square is to the north, Near North Side to the east, and Near West Side to the south. Currently, as well as historically, the collection of neighborhoods in West Town along with the neighborhoods of Bucktown and the eastern portion of Logan Square have been referred to by media as the Near Northwest Side. 

However the media often refer to the area as solely the Northwest Side, most likely to separate it from the image of criminality in the West Side and downtown for the purposes of real estate gentrification tactics.

Chicago Tonight

Chicago Tonight is a television news program broadcast weeknights on WTTW in Chicago. "Chicago Tonight" reports on local politics, education, business, culture, science and health, with a mix of in-studio panel discussions, one-on-one interviews and short documentary-style packages based in Chicago or the state of Illinois. 

Phil Ponce is the current host.

The show first aired April 24, 1984 and was hosted by popular Chicago broadcast journalist John Callaway for 15 years. He continued to contribute to the show until his death in 2009.

Asghar Khan

Air Marshal Asghar Khan (17 January 1921 – 5 January 2018) was Pakistani politician, aviation historian, peace activist, and retired three star rank air force general.

Khan served as the first native Commander in Chief of the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) under President Iskander Mirza (1956–59) and under President Ayub Khan until resigning in 1965 before the start of the air operations of the PAF during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.

In 1970, Asghar Khan founded the secular party, the Tehrik-e-Istiqlal, but performed poorly in 1970 parliamentary elections.

Khan died on 5 January 2018 in Abbottabad, Pakistan of complications from Parkinson's disease at the age of 96.

Respiratory tract infection

Respiratory tract infection (RTI) refers to any of a number of infectious diseases involving the respiratory tract. 

An infection of this type can be called as an upper respiratory tract infection (URI or URTI) or a lower respiratory tract infection (LRI or LRTI). Lower respiratory infections, such as pneumonia, tend to be far more serious conditions than upper respiratory infections, such as the common cold.

The lower respiratory tract consists of the trachea (wind pipe), bronchial tubes, the bronchioles, and the lungs. Lower respiratory tract infections are generally more serious than upper respiratory infections. LRIs are the leading cause of death among all infectious diseases. They can be bronchitis or pneumonia.

North Center, Chicago

North Center is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois, located in the city's North Side. 

North Center is bordered on the north by Montrose Avenue, on the south by Diversey Parkway, on the west by the Chicago River and on the east by Ravenswood Avenue; it includes the neighborhoods of Northcenter, Roscoe Village, St. Ben's, and Hamlin Park. 

The Brown Line of the Chicago "L" has stops within the community area.

North Center was settled in the latter part of the 19th century and the early 20th century largely by Germans who worked in what is known as the industrial corridor along Ravenswood Avenue, and the large industrial plants along the Chicago River to the west.


2003 Chicago balcony collapse

On June 29, 2003, the deadliest porch collapse in United States history occurred in Lincoln Park, Chicago. 

An overloaded balcony collapsed during a party in an apartment building, killing thirteen people and seriously injuring fifty-seven others. The city blamed the architecture and structure of the balcony. However, the building's owner continues to blame overcrowding on the balcony for its complete structural failure, although he has taken steps to strengthen the balconies at his properties to prevent a recurrence of the disaster.

The accident resulted in sweeping inspections of similar structures across Chicago, with 1,260 cases being actioned by the city authorities. It is the deadliest porch collapse in United States history.

Rogers Park, Chicago

Rogers Park is one of the 77 Chicago community areas on the far north side of Chicago, Cook County, Illinois and is also the name of the Chicago neighborhood that constitutes most of the community area. 

Rogers Park is located nine miles north of the Cook County Courthouse in downtown Chicago. It is bounded by the city of Evanston along Juneway Terrace and Howard Street to the north, Ridge Boulevard to the west, Devon Avenue and the Edgewater neighborhood to the south, and Lake Michigan to the east. 

The neighborhood just to the west, West Ridge, was part of Rogers Park until the 1890s.

West Ridge, Chicago

West Ridge is one of 77 Chicago community areas. It is a middle-class neighborhood located on the far North Side of the City of Chicago.

It is located in the 50th Ward and the 40th Ward. Also historically called North Town, and frequently referred to as West Rogers Park, it is bordered on the north by Howard Street, on the east by Ridge Boulevard, Western Avenue, and Ravenswood Avenue, the south by Bryn Mawr Avenue and Peterson Avenue, and on the west by Kedzie Avenue and the North Shore channel of the Chicago River.

At one time joined with neighboring Rogers Park. West Ridge was annexed to Chicago on April 4, 1893, along with Rogers Park.

Uptown, Chicago

Uptown is one of Chicago’s 77 community areas. Uptown's boundaries are Foster Avenue on the north; Lake Michigan on the east; Montrose (Ravenswood to Clark), and Irving Park (Clark Street to Lake Michigan) on the south; Ravenswood (Foster to Montrose), and Clark (Montrose to Irving Park) on the west. 

To the north is Edgewater, to the west is Lincoln Square, and to the south is Lake View. The city's famous cemetery, Graceland Cemetery, is located here.

Edison Park, Chicago

Edison Park (formerly Canfield) is one of the 77 , on the North Side, Chicago, Illinois.

It is made up entirely of the Edison Park neighborhood, and is named after Thomas Edison, who gave his blessing to this community namesake in 1890. 

According to the 2000 Census, its population is 11,259. Edison Park has one of the highest concentrations of Irish ancestry in Chicago, where they make up over three-fourths of the neighborhood's population.

Edison Park is located between the Des Plaines River and the Chicago River. Early travelers would use the land in the area to carry their canoes from one river to the other.

Edison Park was originally settled in 1834 by the Ebinger family, consisting of John and Katherine Ebinger, their 21-year-old son, Christian Ebinger, and Christian's new wife Barbara Ebinger (née Ruehle). The Ebingers originally came from . From there they went to Ann Arbor, Michigan before leaving for Chicago in search of farmland, but left after finding the land too swampy. 

North Park, Chicago

North Park is one of 77 community areas of the City of Chicago. It is bordered by the North Shore Channel on the east, the Chicago River's North Branch and Foster Avenue on the south, Cicero Avenue on the west (except for the section in the northwest corner, north of Bryn Mawr Avenue, which is part of the Sauganash neighborhood) and Devon Avenue on the north.

Albany Park, Chicago

Albany Park () is one of 77 well-defined community areas of Chicago. Located on the Northwest Side of the City of Chicago, it includes the Albany Park neighborhood, one of the most ethnically diverse in the United States. It has one of highest percentages of foreign-born residents of any Chicago neighborhood.

Due to the diverse population and immigrant population attraction, the population of the neighborhood increased by 16.5% during the 1990s. 

Hermosa, Chicago

Hermosa is one of 77 designated Chicago community areas and is located on the northwest side of Chicago, Illinois. The Hermosa community area contains the Kelvyn Park and Hermosa neighborhoods. The area includes the birthplace of Walt Disney and is the former headquarters of the Schwinn Bicycle Company. While being one of the smaller community areas Hermosa is one of the city’s most densely populated neighborhoods.

Belmont Cragin, Chicago

Belmont Cragin is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas located on the Northwest Side of the City of Chicago. It is designated Community Area 19, and is located NW of the Loop.

As of 2017, the neighborhood has some young professionals, some working class Latino people, and some older Polish people.

Montclare, Chicago

Montclare is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas located on the Northwest Side of the City of Chicago, Illinois.

It is often paired with the neighboring Galewood neighborhood in Austin.

According to a 2016 analysis by the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning, there were 12,887 people and 4,429 households residing in the area.

In the 2016 presidential election, Montclare cast 3,492 votes for Hillary Clinton and cast 984 votes Donald Trump. In the 2012 presidential election, Montclare cast 2,973 votes for Barack Obama and 883 votes for Mitt Romney.

Dunning, Chicago

Dunning is one of 77 officially designated community areas of the city of Chicago, Illinois. Dunning also is a neighborhood located on the Northwest Side of the city.

The neighborhood is home to Wilbur Wright College and the Eli's Cheesecake factory.

It is also the location of the Chicago-Read Mental Health Center, formerly known as Cook County Insane Asylum and commonly referred to, in its day, as simply "Dunning."

Dunning currently borders the villages of Harwood Heights, Norridge, River Grove, as well as Elmwood Park. Many of the neighborhood's residents are city workers, including police officers and firefighters. 

River Grove, Illinois

River Grove is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 10,612 at the 2020 census.

Avondale, Chicago

Avondale () is one of 77 officially designated community areas. It is located on the Northwest Side of Chicago. The northern border is the Addison Street from the north branch of the Chicago River in the east to Pulaski Road in the west. 

The neighborhood extends further west along Belmont Avenue to the Union Pacific / Northwest Line. Its southern border is Diversey Avenue from the Union Pacific/Northwest Line to the Chicago River.

Austin, Chicago

Austin which is located on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of seventy-seven officially designated community areas in Chicago. 

It is currently the largest community area both geographically and by population. In addition to Elmwood Park, Austin also borders the suburbs of Cicero and Oak Park.

Johannes Brost

Edvard Johannes Brost Forssell (25 September 1946 – 4 January 2018) was a Swedish actor and comedian. He was born in Stockholm, Sweden. He was known for his role as Joker the bartender in the TV soap opera "Rederiet". Brost has also starred as a villain in two "Jönssonligan" movies. 

Brost died from complications of pancreatic cancer on 4 January 2018 in Lund at the age of 71.

West Garfield Park, Chicago

West Garfield Park located on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas. It is directly west of Garfield Park (Chicago).

Two of Chicago Transit Authority's train lines, the Blue Line and the Green Line, serves this neighborhood.

East Garfield Park, Chicago

East Garfield Park is a community area on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois, west of the Loop.

Taking its name from the large urban park, Garfield Park, the neighborhood is bordered by Franklin Boulevard on the north, Arthington and Taylor Streets on the south, Hamlin Avenue and Independence Boulevard to the west, and Rockwell Street to the east.

Two of Chicago Transit Authority's train lines, the Blue Line and the Green Line, serves this neighborhood.

North Lawndale, Chicago

North Lawndale, known to residents as simply "Lawndale", is located on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the well-defined community areas in the city of Chicago.

North Lawndale later became known as being the largest Jewish settlement in the City of Chicago, with 25% of the city's Jewish population.

The Chicago Transit Authority's Pink Line serve this neighborhood.

South Lawndale, Chicago

South Lawndale, one of Chicago's 77 well-defined community areas, is on the West Side of the city of Chicago, Illinois.

Now mainly inhabited by Mexican immigrants, Little Village was originally settled by Eastern European and Czech and Bohemian immigrants in the late 19th century, after the Great Chicago Fire.


Lower West Side, Chicago

Lower West Side is a community area on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is three miles southwest of the Chicago Loop, and its main neighborhood is Pilsen (). The Heart of Chicago is a neighborhood in the southwest corner of the Lower West Side.

Although there was some increase in the Hispanic presence in the late 1950s, it was not until the early 1960s that there was a great spurt in the numbers of Latinos in Pilsen.

The National Museum of Mexican Art is located in the Pilsen neighborhood.

Englewood, Chicago

Englewood is one of the 77 official community areas in Chicago, Illinois, United States. At its peak population in 1960, over 97,000 people lived in its approximately , but the neighborhood's population has since dropped dramatically. 

In 2000, it had a population of about 40,000 inhabitants, and the 2010 census. Englewood is bordered by Garfield Boulevard to the north, 75th Street to the south, Western Avenue to the west, and State Street to the east. It is located on the southwest side of Chicago.

In 1999, Mayor Richard M. Daley announced a $256 million revitalization plan for the area.

In 2000, Englewood had a poverty rate of 44%, which was substantially higher than the overall poverty rate in Chicago of 20%.

The area is considered to be the most violent in the city.

Mia Love

Ludmya "Mia" Love (née Bourdeau; born December 6, 1975) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative for Utah's 4th congressional district from 2015 to 2019.

Love was the first black female Republican elected to Congress and the first black American elected to Congress from Utah.


Range Rover

The Range Rover is an SUV based on the British Land Rover. It is assembled in Solihull, Birmingham at the Land Rover plant. Some versions are assembled in Liverpool. The company is now part of Tata's Jaguar Land Rover group. 1967

The Range Rover's primary market was for general countryside use, especially farmers who needed a four-wheel drive off-road vehicle to get round their estate. The original Land Rover or Jeep was a rugged open vehicle which could take plenty of hard use, and could be washed down with a hose. It was quite unsuitable for family use. The Range Rover, on the other hand, is very suitable for family use (in this way similar to other SUVs). It is often used as a normal road car for larger families and for carrying equipment. Engine capacity for Range Rovers starts at 3 litres V6 engine, and rises to 5 litres V8 engine.

Versions of the Range Rover are sold in other countries under names such as Range Rover Sport, Discovery Sport, Range Rover Velar and Range Rover Evoque. These versions, marketed especially in the US, have a more streamlined shape. The Evoque is designed to appeal to urban buyers. All these new versions are being adapted meet modern requirements for lower CO emissions and fuel economy. These version are regarded, in US terms, as "compact SUVs".

Annapolis Royal

Annapolis Royal, formerly known as Annapolis, is a town located in the western part of Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, Canada.



Bombycidae

The Bombycidae are a family of moths. The best-known species is "Bombyx mori" (Linnaeus), whose larval form is the silkworm. It is native to northern China and has been raised by humans for thousands of years. This family consists of 21 genera and about 150 species, most of which belong to the nominate subfamily Bombycinae.

Stewiacke

Stewiacke is a town located in southern Colchester County, Nova Scotia, Canada. The town was incorporated on August 30, 1906.

Stewiacke was named in the language of the local Mi'kmaq First Nations and is a word meaning "flowing out in small streams" and "winding river" or "whimpering or whining as it goes". During the French and Indian War, the British built Fort Ellis in the area to protect New England Planters from Mi'kmaq raids.
In the late 1990s, a tourism attraction named Mastodon Ridge opened near the town's highway exit, based on a local discovery of a mastodon skeleton. The Mastodon Ridge Complex features a craft store, toy store, a mini golf and interpretive centre which displays several of the mastodon's bones.

Stewiacke is home to two bars, a pharmacy, a grocery store, a pizza store, numerous fast food restaurants, two gas stations, a hardware store, an audio-visual production company, an 18-hole golf course and a newly built elementary school that replaced two former local schools.

Stewiacke is also home to a volunteer fire department that was the first department in North America to use specialized foam as a fire suppression agent. Alongside other achievements involving the use of certain fire apparatus.

The town is noted as being located halfway between the North Pole and the Equator (Actually in Alton, Nova Scotia). Controversy in the past over this claim stems from the fact that the Earth is not a perfect sphere, and therefore the halfway mark lies approximately 16 km North of the 45th parallel.

The town's most notorious event occurred on Friday April 12, 2001, when a local teenager, at home on a school in-service day, tampered with a railway switch on the CN Rail Halifax-Montreal mainline, causing Via Rail Canada's "Ocean" to derail several minutes later when it passed through the centre of the community. Several buildings and rail cars were destroyed and many people were injured, including some severely, although no fatalities resulted.

The town is located in the Stewiacke Valley at the confluence of the Stewiacke and Shubenacadie River and is a service and support centre for local agricultural communities as well as a service exit on Highway 102.

In the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the Town of Stewiacke recorded a population of 1,373 living in 629 of its 681 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 1,438. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.

•Dennis Park


Demographics of Nova Scotia

Nova Scotia (Latin for "New Scotland"; ; ) is a Canadian province located on Canada's southeastern coast. It is the most populous province in the Atlantic Canada, and its capital, Halifax, is a major economic centre of the region. Nova Scotia is the second smallest province in Canada, with an area of 55,284 km². Its population of 921,727 makes it the fourth least populous province of the country.

Nova Scotia is the seventh most populous province in Canada with an estimated 957,600 residents as of 2017. It accounts for 3 percent of the population of Canada. The population density is approximately 17.2 persons/km². Roughly 60% of the population live in rural parts of the province.

Nova Scotia has three regional municipalities.

Nova Scotia has 26 towns, not including the former Town of Canso that dissolved to become part of Guysborough County on July 1, 2012 and the former Towns of Bridgetown and Springhill which dissolved on April 1, 2015.

The Halifax population centre is the largest urban area in Nova Scotia. Statistics Canada recognizes a total of 37 population centres in the province. 

The 2011 Canadian census showed a population of 921,727.Of the 904,285 singular responses to the census question concerning mother tongue the most commonly reported languages were: 

There were also 275 single-language responses for Turkish; 195 for Non-verbal languages (Sign languages); 30 for Malay; 100 for Bantu languages; 70 for Kurdish; 120 for Slovak; and 5 for Estonian. Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.

The 2006 Canadian census counted a total of 45,195 immigrants living in Nova Scotia.The most commonly reported origins for these immigrants were:
There were also 365 immigrants from Australia; 320 from South Africa; 280 from Hong Kong; 255 from Saudi Arabia; 245 from Iraq and from Trinidad and Tobago; 225 from Hungary and from Russia; 220 from Portugal; 215 from Switzerland; 210 from Denmark; and 205 from Belize.

A total of 101,035 people moved to Nova Scotia from other parts of Canada between 1996 and 2006 while 110,335 people moved in the opposite direction. These movements resulted in a net outmigration of 11,925 people to Alberta and 4,120 to Ontario; as well as a net influx of 4,690 people from Newfoundland and Labrador and 2,930 from New Brunswick. During this period there was a net outmigration of 835 francophones to Quebec and 340 to Alberta; and a net influx of 575 anglophones from Quebec and 145 francophones from New Brunswick. (All net inter-provincial movements of more than 500 persons and official minority movements of more than 100 persons are given.)

As of February 2019, the unemployment rate for the province is 6.4 percent. Halifax Regional Municipality 4.9 percent 


Nova Scotia GDP is presently approximately $33 billion (Can) annually.

List of population centres in Nova Scotia

A population centre, in Canadian census data, is a populated place, or a cluster of interrelated populated places, which meets the demographic characteristics of an urban area, having a population of at least 1,000 people and a population density of no fewer than 400 persons per square km. 

The term was first introduced in the Canada 2011 Census; prior to that, Statistics Canada used the term urban area.

In the 2011 census, Statistics Canada listed 37 population centres in the province of Nova Scotia.

Midden-Groningen

Midden-Groningen, Low Saxon: "Midden-Grunnen", is a municipality of the Province of Groningen, the Netherlands. It lies in the middle of Groningen.

The municipality was established on January 1, 2018. It was made by combining the former municipalities of Hoogezand-Sappemeer, Menterwolde, and Slochteren.

About 61,000 people live in Midden-Groningen. It covers an area of about .

The main settlement is Hoogezand.

Westerwolde

Westerwolde, Low Saxon: "Westerwoolde", is a municipality of the Province of Groningen, the Netherlands. It lies in the southeast of Groningen.

The municipality was established on January 1, 2018. It was made by combining the former municipalities of Bellingwedde and Vlagtwedde.

About 25,000 people live in Westerwolde. It covers an area of about .

The main settlement is Sellingen.

John Byron (British Army officer)

Captain John Byron (7 February 1756 – 2 August 1791) was a British Army officer and writer, best known as the father of poet Lord Byron.

Byron was the son of Vice-Admiral The Hon. John Byron and Sophia Trevanion and grandson of William Byron, 4th Baron Byron of Rochdale. He was educated atWestminster School. He gained the rank of Captain in the Coldstream Guards. Captain John Byron also went by the nickname of "Mad Jack."

In 1778 he eloped with Amelia Osborne, Marchioness of Carmarthen, daughter ofRobert Darcy, 4th Earl of Holderness, to Europe and they married after she obtained a divorce from her husband the Marquess of Carmarthen, who in 1789 became Francis Osborne, 5th Duke of Leeds. They married on 1 June 1779 at London, England, and had a daughter, Augusta Maria Byron. Amelia Osborne died in 1784.

Byron then married Catherine Gordon, heiress of Gight in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, daughter of George Gordon and Catherine Innes, on 12 May 1785. She was the mother of George Gordon Byron, who would early in his life become the 6th Baron Byron. In order to claim his wife's estate in Scotland, Captain Byron took the surname "Gordon".After he had squandered most of her fortune and deserted her, Mrs. Byron took her infant son to Aberdeen, Scotland, where they lived in lodgings on a meager income.

"Mad Jack" died in 1791 at age 35, at Valenciennes. Later, Lord Byron would tell friends that his father had cut his own throat. It is more likely he died from tuberculosis or an overdose.

Marián Labuda

Marián Labuda (28 October 1944 – 5 January 2018) was a Slovak actor. He was born in Hontianske Nemce, Slovakia. 

In 1964, he graduated from the "Academy of Performing Arts in Bratislava" (VŠMU). He became a member of the Slovak National Theatre (SND) in Bratislava. In 1967, he moved to the theatre "Divadlo na Korze" in the same city. 

Labuda was known for his movies "Dobří holubi se vracejí" (1988), "The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin" (1994) and "The Garden" (1995). He performed more than a hundred of characters on stage. He also regularly appeared in both Slovak and Czech movies.

Labuda died on 5 January 2018 in Bratislava, Slovakia at the age of 73.

John Byron (Royal Navy officer)

Vice-Admiral The Hon. John Byron (8 November 1723 – 10 April 1786) was a British Royal Navy officer and politician. He was known as Foul-weather Jack because of his frequent encounters with bad weather at sea. As a midshipman, he sailed in the squadron under George Anson on his voyage around the world, though Byron made it to southern Chile, and returned to England with the captain of HMS "Wager". He was governor of Newfoundland following Hugh Palliser, who left in 1768. He circumnavigated the world as a commodore with his own squadron in 1764-1766. He fought in battles in The Seven Years' War and the American Revolution. He rose to Vice Admiral of the White before his death in 1786.

Byron was the son of William Byron, 4th Baron Byron and Frances Berkeley. He was the father of Captain John Byron.

His grandsons include the poet George Gordon Byron and George Anson Byron, admiral and explorer, who were the 6th and 7th Baron Byron, respectively.

Urmein

Urmein () is a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Man of the Woods

Man of the Woods is the fifth solo studio album by American entertainer Justin Timberlake. It is set to be released on February 2, 2018, two days before his halftime performance at Super Bowl LII. The first single from the album, "Filthy", was released on January 5, 2018.

Filthy (song)

"Filthy" is a song recorded by American entertainer Justin Timberlake. It is the lead single from his fifth studio album, "Man of the Woods". The song was released on January 5, 2018, along with its music video. The song was written by Timberlake, Danja, Timbaland, James Fauntleroy, and Larrance Levar Dopson, while the first three of these produced the song.

Timberlake performed "Filthy" at his Super Bowl LII Halftime Show in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on February 4, 2018.

The song entered at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also charted in the top 15 in the UK.

The video for the song features Timberlake dressed in a black sweater, jeans, and glasses, typical of the late CEO of Apple Inc., Steve Jobs. In the video, Timberlake demonstrates a robot.

Senichi Hoshino

, (22 January 1947 – 4 January 2018), was a Japanese baseball player and manager. He was born in Kurashiki, Japan.

In 2003, he led the Hanshin Tigers to their first Central League pennant in 18 years before retiring for health reasons. In 2007, he managed the Japanese national team for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

In October 2010 Hoshino was hired as manager of the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles. Hoshino led the Eagles to a Pacific League championship and Japan Series championship in 2013.

Hoshino died of pancreatic cancer in Tsu, Mie on 4 January 2018 at the age of 70.


Philipp Jenninger

Philipp Jenninger (10 June 1932 – 4 January 2018) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union and diplomat.

Jenninger was the President of the Bundestag from 1984 to 1988. He also served as Member of the German Parliament, the Bundestag (1969–1990), Minister of State at the German Chancellery (1982–1984), German Ambassador to Austria (1991–1995) and German Ambassador to the Holy See (1995–1997).

Jenninger died on 4 January 2018 in Stuttgart, aged 85.

Wolfgang Schäuble

Wolfgang Schäuble (; 18 September 1942 – 26 December 2023) was a German lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). His political career has spanned more than fifty years. He was a member of the Bundestag from 1972 until his death in 2023. His fifty-one year career in the Bundestag made him the longest serving member of parliament in the country's history.

Schäuble was the Leader of the Christian Democratic Union and Leader of the Opposition from 1998 to 2000. During his career, he had several government roles such as Head of the Chancellery, Minister of the Interior and Minister of Finance in the governments of Helmut Kohl and Angela Merkel. He was the President of the Bundestag from 2017 to 2021.

Schäuble was born in Freiburg im Breisgau in 1942. He was the son of tax finance advisor and politician Karl Schäuble and Gertrud Göhring. Schäuble studied at the University of Freiburg and the University of Hamburg, graduating in 1966 and 1970 respectively. He began a career in law at the district court of Offenburg in 1978.

In 1969, he married Ingeborg Hensle. They had four children.

His political career began in 1969 as a member of the Junge Union. Schäuble was elected to the Bundestag by winning the constituency seat of Offenburg. His ministerial career began in 1984 when he was appointed Minister for Special Affairs and Head of the German Chancellery by Chancellor Helmut Kohl. 

Schäuble was the Minister of the Interior from 1989 to 1991 during the Helmut Kohl government. He was seen as Kohl's protege. During his time as Minister of the Interior, Schäuble was one of the most popular politicians in Germany. He was regularly mentioned as a possible future Chancellor, however he was criticized by civil rights activists for his strict law and order policies.

On 12 October 1990, at the age of 48 and just after reunification, Schäuble was the target of an assassination attempt by Dieter Kaufmann, who fired three shots at him after an election campaign event in Oppenau. Kaufmann injured a bodyguard, and severely injured Schäuble's spinal cord and face. Schäuble was left paralysed from the attack and used a wheelchair ever since.

He was the leader of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany from 1998 to 2000 and was the Opposition Leader during this time period.

When Angela Merkel became Chancellor of Germany, he worked under her government. He was the Minister of the Interior from 2005 to 2009, having served the same role in the Helmut Kohl government. He was then the Minister of Finance from 2009 to 2017.

During his time as Finance Minister in the Merkel government, he was described as "Germany's second most powerful person" after Merkel. He took a hard line towards Southern European countries during the eurozone crisis such as not supporting the International Monetary Fund stance to give Greece more time to fix their deficit issues. He was a supporter of austerity policies and his 2014 budget allowed Germany to take on no new debt for the first time since 1969.

When Federal President Joachim Gauck announced in June 2016 that he would not stand for reelection, Schäuble was seen by German and international media as likely replacement; however the job soon went to Frank-Walter Steinmeier instead.

On 27 September 2017 the CDU/CSU group in the Bundestag announced Schäuble’s nomination as President of the Bundestag and assumed office on 24 October 2017. In October 2021, Schaüble left office as President of the Bundestag and was replaced by Bärbel Bas. He became the Father of the Bundestag shortly afterwards since he was the longest sitting member of the Bundestag at the time.

In May 2010, on his way to Brussels for an emergency meeting at the European Parliament, he was hospitalized for an allergic reaction to a new antibiotic. At the time, Schäuble thought about resigning, however, Chancellor Angela Merkel declined his offer to step down twice during a period of bad health in 2010.

Schäuble died of cancer at the age of 81 on 26 December 2023 in Offenburg, Baden-Württemberg.


Aydın Boysan

Aydın Boysan (17 June 1921 – 5 January 2018) was a Turkish architect, academic, author and essayist. He was born in Istanbul.

In 1954, he became the charter member of the Chamber of Architects. He also became the first secretary general of the chamber. Later he served as the representative of the chamber in İstanbul. Between 1957 and 1972 he taught in the İstanbul Technical University.

In 1984, Boysan founded Bas Printing House and published essay books. His essays are mostly about his memoirs and humor. He was also a columnist.

Boysan died of multiple organ failure in Istanbul on 5 January 2018 at the age of 96.

Marina Ripa Di Meana

Marina Ripa Di Meana (born Maria Elide Punturieri and previously known as Marina Lante della Rovere; 21 October 1941 – 5 January 2018) was an Italian writer, actress, director, stylist and TV personality. She was born in Reggio Calabria.

Ripa di Meana wrote 14 books over her lifetime, however she is probably best known for her first two autobiographical books, "I miei primi quarant'anni" (My First Forty Years, 1984) and "La più bella del reame" (The Most Beautiful in the Realm, 1988), which became bestsellers. 

Ripa di Meana directed the controversial movie "Cattive ragazze" and starred in "Assassinio sul Tevere".

From 1982 until her death, she was married to politician Carlo Ripa di Meana.

Ripa di Meana was suffering from kidney cancer in the years before her death. On 5 January 2018, Ripa di Meana died in Rome after deciding to undergo deep palliative sedation at the age of 76.

Carlo Ripa di Meana

Carlo Ripa di Meana (15 August 1929 – 2 March 2018) was an Italian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament, a European Commissioner with portfolio for the environment and was environment minister of Italy.

Ripa di Meana was the leader of the Italian Greens and president of the organization Italia Nostra.

From 1982 until her death in 2018, Ripa di Meana was married to actress and socialite Marina Ripa Di Meana.

From 1993 to 1996 Ripa di Meana was the Spokesperson of the Federation of the Greens, in the 1994 European Parliament election he was again elected MEP, while in 2000 regional election he was elected in the Umbrian Regional Council.

Ripa di Meana died in Rome on 2 March 2018 of skin cancer at the age of 88.

Armour Square, Chicago

Armour Square is a Chicago neighborhood on the city's South Side, as well as a larger, officially defined community area.

This area also includes Chinatown and the CHA Wentworth Gardens housing project. Comiskey Park, the ballpark of the Chicago White Sox, is in Armour Square.

Armour Square is bordered by Bridgeport to the west and Bronzeville to the east, with Pilsen and the near South Side bordering the area to the north and Fuller Park bordering its southernmost boundary along Pershing Road.

Armour Square is served by the Dan Ryan branch of the Chicago Transit Authority's Red Line, with stops at Cermak-Chinatown and Sox-35th. It is also served by Metra's Rock Island Line via the 35th Street station.

Douglas, Chicago

Douglas, on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of 77 Chicago community areas. The neighborhood is named for Stephen A. Douglas, an Illinois politician, whose estate included a tract of land given to the federal government. Camp Douglas, a Civil War camp, was located in what is now the eastern portion of the Douglas neighborhood. 

Douglas gave that part of his estate at Cottage Grove and 35th to the Old University of Chicago. 

The Chicago 2016 Olympic bid planned for the Olympic Village to be constructed on a truck parking lot south of McCormick Place that is mostly in the Douglas community area and partly in the Near South Side.

Oakland, Chicago

Oakland, located on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, USA, is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas. Some of Chicago's great old homes may be seen on Drexel Boulevard. 

Nineteenth-century women's rights and Jewish activist Hannah Greenebaum lived in Oakland. The late 19th-century Monument Baptist Church on Oakwood Blvd. is modeled after Boston's Trinity Church. Oakwood /41st Street Beach in Burnham Park is at 4100 S. Lake Shore Drive.


Fuller Park, Chicago

Fuller Park, located on the south side of Chicago, Illinois. It is one of 77 officially designated Chicago community areas. It is designated Community Area 37.

Fuller Park is named for the small park within the neighborhood, which is in turn named for Melville Weston Fuller, a Chicago attorney who was the Chief Justice of the United States between 1888 and 1910. Fuller Park is one of Chicago's smallest community areas.


Grand Boulevard, Chicago

Grand Boulevard, located on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the well-defined Chicago Community Areas. The boulevard from which the community area takes its name now is named after Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive.

Grand Boulevard also includes the Washington Park Court District neighborhood that was declared a Chicago Landmark on October 2, 1991.

The Harold Washington Cultural Center is one of its newer and more famous buildings. Among the other notable properties in this neighborhood are Daniel Hale Williams House, Robert S. Abbott House and Oscar Stanton De Priest House.

Kenwood, Chicago

Kenwood, one of Chicago's 77 community areas. It is on the shore of Lake Michigan on the South Side of the city. Its boundaries are 43rd Street, 51st Street, Cottage Grove Avenue, and the lake. 

Kenwood was originally part of Hyde Park Township, which was annexed to the city of Chicago in 1889. Kenwood was once one of Chicago's most richest and well-known neighborhoods, and it still has some of the largest single-family homes in the city.

It has two Chicago Landmark districts, Kenwood and North Kenwood. A large part of the southern half of the community area is in the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District. 

In recent years, Kenwood has received national attention as the home of U.S. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.

Washington Park, Chicago

Washington Park is a well-defined community area on the South Side of Chicago. It includes the 372 acre (1.5 km²) park named Washington Park, stretching east-west from Cottage Grove Avenue to the Dan Ryan Expressway, and north-south from 51st Street to 63rd. 

It is home to the DuSable Museum of African American History. The park was the proposed site of the Olympic Stadium and the Olympic Aquatics Center in Chicago's bid to host the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Hyde Park, Chicago

Hyde Park is a community area on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan seven miles (11 km) south of the Chicago Loop.

Hyde Park is home to the University of Chicago, the Museum of Science and Industry, and two of Chicago's four historic sites listed in the original 1966 National Register of Historic Places (Chicago Pile-1, the world's first artificial nuclear reactor, and Robie House).

In the early 21st century, Hyde Park received national attention for its association with U.S. President Barack Obama, who before running for president, was a professor of law at the University of Chicago.

Jackson Park (Chicago)

Jackson Park is a 500-acre (2 km²) park on Chicago's South Side, located at 6401 South Stony Island Avenue in the Woodlawn community area. 

It extends into the South Shore and Hyde Park community areas, bordering Lake Michigan and several South Side neighborhoods. 

It is named for President Andrew Jackson, it is one of two Chicago Park District parks with the name "Jackson", the other being Mahalia Jackson Park in the community area of Auburn Gresham on the far southwest side of Chicago.

The parkland was first developed as the host site of the Chicago World's Fair in 1893. The Museum of Science and Industry resides in the remaining "palace" in the park from that era. The park includes woodland trails, playing fields, a beach, golf course, and a boat harbor. 

It is the future site of the Barack Obama Presidential Center and library. 


Woodlawn, Chicago

Woodlawn, on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of Chicago's 77 community areas. Much of its eastern portion is occupied by Jackson Park. 

The Woodlawn section of the park includes the site of the planned Obama Presidential Library, an estimated $500 Million Investment. The northern edge of Woodlawn contains a portion of the campus of the University of Chicago.

South Shore, Chicago

South Shore is one of 77 defined community areas of Chicago, Illinois, United States. A predominantly African American neighborhood on the city's South Side, the area is named for its location along the city's southern lakefront. Although South Shore has seen a greater than 40% decrease in residents since Chicago's population peaked in the 1950s, the area remains is one of the most densely populated neighborhoods on the South Side. 

The community benefits from its location along the waterfront, its accessibility to Lake Shore Drive. It holds the University of Chicago, the Museum of Science and Industry, and Jackson Park.

Greater Grand Crossing, Chicago

Greater Grand Crossing is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the city's South Side.

The name "Grand Crossing" comes from an 1853 right-of-way feud between the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway and the Illinois Central Railroad that led to a frog war and a crash that killed 18 people. This led Mayor Roswell B. Mason to illegally construct railroad tracks across another railroad company's tracks. 

During the 1950s, the Black population of the neighborhood rose from 6% to 86%. Today, the neighborhood is 97% Black.

The Red Line of the CTA travels to Greater Grand Crossing.

Emily Dole

Emily Dole (September 28, 1957 – January 2, 2018) was a Samoan-American athlete, actress and professional wrestler who competed in the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling as Mountain Fiji, abbreviated in publications and her official logo as Mt. Fiji.

At 350 pounds, she dwarfed all of the other members of the cast, the closest competitor being the glamazon queen Matilda the Hun, who she feuded with for the first two seasons. Wrestling led to other appearances, on the short lived "Hard Time on Planet Earth", on the "Carol Burnett Show" spin-off "Mama's Family" and in the Pauly Shore romp, "Son in Law". 

Dole was interviewed and featured in the 2012 documentary film "".

Dole died in Orange, California on January 2, 2018 from a long-illness at the age of 60.


Ashburn, Chicago

Ashburn, one of Chicago's 77 community areas, is located on the southwest side of the city. Greater Ashburn covers nearly five square miles.

Metra's SouthWest Service provides Monday-Saturday rail service at the Ashburn railroad station.

In 1999, "The New York Times" did an article on the Ashburn neighborhood as a case study in the difficulties of neighborhood integration in Chicago. Wrightwood, to the east, was the first section of the neighborhood to integrate, becoming dominately African-American.

Timothy McCarthy, a retired member of the United States Secret Service who took a bullet for President Ronald Reagan during the assassination attempt by John Hinckley, Jr., was named interim village manager in July 2016. 


Fourier inversion theorem

In mathematics, the Fourier inversion theorem says that for many types of functions it is possible to recover a function from its Fourier transform. Intuitively it may be viewed as the statement that if we know all frequency and phase information about a wave then we may reconstruct the original wave precisely.

Ellicott's Mills Historic District

Ellicott's Mills Historic District is a historic district in Oella, Maryland, United States. It is on the east bank of the Patapsco River, opposite Ellicott City.

This historic district is on the National Register of Historic Places.


Michael Pfeiffer

Michael "Michel" Pfeiffer (19 July 1925 – 2 January 2018) was a German professional football player and manager. He was born in Eschweiler, Germany. He played for SG Eschweiler, Alemannia Aachen, Rot-Weiss Essen and Fortuna 54 Geleen. He coached Roda JC Kerkrade,
Sittardia, SC Schwenningen, Alemannia Aachen, FK Pirmasens, Austria Salzburg, SV Arminia Gütersloh, SV Baesweiler 09, BSV Schwenningen, TuS Langerwehe, Sporting Jeddah and CS Sfax.

Pfeiffer died on 2 January 2018 at the age of 92.

Flag of Chad

The national flag of Republic of Chad (, ) is a vertical tricolour of blue, gold, and red. The design is almost identical to that of the flag of Romania, except that this flag is very slightly darker in color.

Flag of Cameroon

The national flag of Cameroon is a vertical tricolor of green, red and yellow, with a five-pointed yellow star in its center.

Tartar, Switzerland

Tartar was a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.


Tschappina

Tschappina is a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Raedersheim

Raedersheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department. This in the east of France.

Flag of Nigeria

The flag of Nigeria is a vertical tricolour of green, white, and green. It was adopted on 1 October 1960.

Flag of Ghana

The flag of Ghana has three equal horizontal bands of red, yellow, and green, with a five-pointed black star in its center. It was adopted on 6 March 1957

Crêpe paper

Crêpe paper is a type of paper which has been coated with sizing and then creped to create gathers.

Rammersmatt

Rammersmatt is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Chatham, Chicago

Chatham is one of the 77 community areas of the city of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the city's South Side. It includes the neighborhoods of Chatham, East Chatham, West Chatham and the northern portion of West Chesterfield. 

Its residents are mainly African American, and it is home to former Senator Roland Burris. Housing many city employees and other officials, Chatham has been a central area for Chicago's middle-class African Americans since the late 1950s.

In the 1990 census Chatham was found to be 1.0% White, 98.7% Black, 0.5% Hispanic, 0.1% Asian and 0.3% other.

The CTA Red Line stations at 79th and 87th also serve Chatham.

Carlos Heitor Cony

Carlos Heitor Cony (March 14, 1926 – January 5, 2018) was a Brazilian journalist and writer. He was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters (Portuguese: Academia Brasileira de Letras). He was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Cony was a center-leftist and faced persecution under the military government in the 1960s. Four of his works were adapted to movies. He was a columnist at the Brazilian newspaper "Folha de S.Paulo".

Cony died in Rio de Janeiro on January 5, 2018 of multiple organ failure at the age of 91.


Gruyère cheese

Gruyère () is a hard yellow cheese from Switzerland. It is produced in the village with the same name. It is made from the milk of cows. Gruyère is sweet but slightly salty, with a flavor that varies widely with age.

David Bennent

David Bennent (born 9 September 1966) is a Swiss actor. He was born in Lausanne, Switzerland. When he was 11 he starred in "The Tin Drum", which caused much controversy because David was shown in sex scenes with an adult. At age 19, he acted as Honeythorn Gump in the movie "Legend", co-starring together Tom Cruise and Mia Sara. Bennent has appeared in such plays as "Peer Gynt" (2004), "Die Juden" (2003), "Michael Kramer" (2003), and "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (2002).

Jim Anderton

James Patrick Anderton (21 January 1938 – 7 January 2018) was a New Zealand politician. He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1999 to 2002. In 2010, he ran unsuccessfully for the mayoral position of Christchurch. 

Anderton retired from Parliament at the 2011 election. After his retirement, he and former MP Philip Burdon were the two prominent campaigners for the restoration of ChristChurch Cathedral.

Anderton died in Christchurch on 7 January 2018, two weeks before his 80th birthday.


Gossau, St. Gallen

Gossau is a municipality in St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


New City, Chicago

New City is one of Chicago's 77 official community areas, located on the southwest side of the city in the South Side district. It contains the neighborhoods of Canaryville and Back of the Yards. 

The area was home to the famous Union Stock Yards that were on Chicago's south side until closed in 1971.

The Canaryville neighborhood is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Chicago and, with neighboring Bridgeport.


Ranspach

Ranspach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. In 2015, 841 people lived there.

Volzhsky

Volzhsky (masculine), Volzhskaya (feminine), or Volzhskoye (neuter) may refer to:


Finesse (song)

"Finesse" is a song recorded by American singer Bruno Mars. It is the eighth track on his third studio album, "24K Magic". On January 4, 2018, a remix of the song, featuring American rapper Cardi B, was released. It has reached number one on the iTunes charts of eight countries. The song and its video are noted for its 1990s style.

The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 35 but rose to number three the following week. It also reached number three in Canada and the top five in the UK.

The music video contains various influences of the 1990s, including the background dancers, which appear to mimic the "Fly Girls" from the TV series "In Living Color".

Rumersheim-le-Haut

Rumersheim-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Rita Crocker Clements

Rita Crocker Clements (October 30, 1931 – January 6, 2018) was an American Republican Party organizer and heritage preservationist. She was the First Lady of Texas serving from 1979 to 1983 and again from 1987 through 1991. Clements was born in Newton, Kansas.

In 1996, she was appointed to the University of Texas Board of Regents by Governor George W. Bush, and re-appointed by Governor Rick Perry, serving until November 2007. She was elected to the Texas Women's Hall of Fame in 1996.

Clements died in her sleep of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Dallas, Texas on January 6, 2018 at the age of 86.

Garfield Ridge, Chicago

Garfield Ridge is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is located on the southwest side of the city. The northern half of Midway International Airport is located in this community area.


Archer Heights, Chicago

Archer Heights is a neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago.

The area was once a Native American trail. The neighborhood is bounded by the Stevenson Expressway to the north, the CTA Orange Line to the south, the Corwith railyard to the east, and the railroad tracks/Knox Avenue to the west.


Brighton Park, Chicago

Brighton Park is a neighborhood located on the southwest side of Chicago, Illinois. It is number 58 of the 77 community areas of Chicago.

Brighton Park is bordered on the north by the former Illinois & Michigan Canal and the current Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal, on the east by Western Avenue, on the south by 49th Street, and on the west by Central Park Ave.

The neighborhood is a mix of residential areas, commercial zones, industrial works and transportation. It is relatively peaceful, according to Chicago Police Department statistics (2004 CPD Annual Report).

The Orange Line of the CTA serves the area.


McKinley Park, Chicago

McKinley Park, one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois, is located on the city's southwest side.

McKinley Park is served by three neighborhood newspapers: the "Bridgeport News", the "Archer Journal News" and the "Brighton Park/McKinley Park Life". The neighborhood newspapers are delivered weekly on Wednesdays to homes, businesses and other establishments throughout the neighborhood.

Two stops on the Orange Line rapid transit have boosted property values and created the development of a shopping mall on Archer and Ashland Avenue.

The area is named after President William McKinley.


West Elsdon, Chicago

West Elsdon, one of the 77 official community areas. It is located on the southwest side of the City of Chicago, Illinois. It is known as a twin neighborhood of West Lawn. 

It has a population which includes a mix of Polish-American residents and increasing Mexican-American residents who have a clear majority. 


Gage Park, Chicago

Gage Park is one of Chicago's 77 well-defined community areas, located on the city's southwest side. Gage Park's population is largely working-class, and its housing stock is mostly bungalows. 

For generations, the neighborhood was Eastern European and Irish Catholic. The neighborhood remains overwhelmingly Catholic with the addition of many Hispanic residents.

On February 4, 2016, the bodies of six people were discovered in a home on the 5700 block of South California Avenue.


Gage Park murders

The Gage Park stabbings refers to the murders of six members of the Martinez family in the Gage Park neighborhood of Chicago.

On February 4, 2016, the bodies of Noe Martinez, his wife Rosaura, their son Noe Jr., their daughter Maria, and Maria's sons, Leonardo and Alexi, were discovered in the house in Gage Park, Chicago, Illinois. Five of the victims were stabbed to death, and the sixth victim, Maria Martinez, was shot.

On May 19, 2016, police arrested Diego Uribe, a relative of the family, and his girlfriend, Jafeth Ramos, in connection to the murders, saying that the massacre was a robbery gone horribly wrong.

Clearing, Chicago

Clearing, one of the 77 official community areas. It is located on the southwest side of the city of Chicago, Illinois. The southern portion of Chicago Midway International Airport is located within this community area.

Chrysler Village is on the eastern edge of the Chicago neighborhood of Clearing nestled between Midway Airport and the Clearing Industrial District.


West Lawn, Chicago

West Lawn, one of Chicago's 77 official community areas. It is located on the southwest side of the city. It is thought to be a "melting pot" of sorts, due to its change of races moving in and out of the area, as well as the diversity that exists there. 

It has a small town atmosphere in the big city. West Lawn is home to many Polish-Americans, Irish-Americans, Mexican-Americans, and other people of Latin American and Eastern European origin.

Ford City is a neighborhood on the southwest side of Chicago which immediately surrounds the Ford City Mall, in turn named for the Ford Aircraft plant.

Michael Madigan, 67th and 69th Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives, is a current resident of, and incumbent member of the Illinois House of Representatives for, West Lawn.

Chicago Lawn, Chicago

Chicago Lawn is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the southwest side of the city. Its community neighbors include Gage Park, West Englewood, Ashburn, and West Lawn. 

It is bounded by Bell Avenue on the east, Central Park Avenue on the west, 59th Street on the north, and 75th Street on the south, and is southwest of the Loop. Local citizens refer to the area as "Marquette Park," after the park in its center.


West Englewood, Chicago

West Englewood, one of the 77 community areas. It is on the southwest side of Chicago, Illinois. At one time it was known as South Lynne. 

The boundaries of West Englewood are Garfield Blvd to the north, Racine Ave to the east, the CSX and Norfolk Southern RR tracks to the west, and the Belt Railway of Chicago to the south. 

Though it is a separate community area, much of the history and culture of the neighborhood is linked directly to the Englewood neighborhood.

By 2000 due to the loss of jobs, the population of West Englewood had dropped to 45,282. By that time, with demographic changes, 98% of residents were black.

Antonio Valentín Angelillo

Antonio Valentín Angelillo (; 5 September 1937 – 5 January 2018) was an Argentine-born Italian football forward. He was born in Buenos Aires. He played the majority of his professional career in the Italian Serie A. He was a member of both the Argentine and the Italian national teams.

Angelillo died on 5 January 2018 in Siena, Italy of lung cancer at the age of 80.


Auburn Gresham, Chicago

Auburn Gresham, most commonly referred to simply as '"Gresham'", is one of the 77 official community areas of the city of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the far south side of the city and was the original location of the South Side Irish Parade before it was relocated to the Beverly neighborhood farther southwest in the city.

CTA red line stops at 79th St. and 87th St. are also available along the Dan Ryan Expressway in nearby Chatham.


Reino Ragnar Lehto

Reino Ragnar Lehto (2 May 1898 in Turku – 13 July 1966 in Helsinki) served as the caretaker Prime Minister of Finland from 18 December 1963 to 12 September 1964. He then served as governor of Uusimaa province from 1964 until his death on 13 July 1966.


Dan Ryan Expressway

The Dan Ryan Expressway is a freeway in the city of Chicago that runs from the Circle Interchange with I-290 near downtown Chicago through the South Side of the city.

It is designated as both Interstate 94 and Interstate 90 south to 66th Street, a distance of . It then becomes just Interstate 94 at the split with the Chicago Skyway (which leads to Interstate 90), with a remaining distance of .

This is a total distance of . The freeway was named for Dan Ryan, Jr., a former president of the Cook County Board of Commissioners.


Kennedy Expressway

The John F. Kennedy Expressway is a freeway in metropolitan Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It travels from the neighborhood of West Loop to O'Hare International Airport. The highway is named for the 35th U.S. President, John F. Kennedy.

The Interstate 90 (I-90) portion of the Kennedy is a part of the much longer I-90 (which runs from Boston, Massachusetts to Seattle, Washington). The Kennedy's official endpoints are the Circle Interchange with Interstate 290 (Eisenhower Expressway/Congress Parkway) and the Dan Ryan Expressway (also I-90/94) at the east end, and the O'Hare Airport terminals at the west end.

With up to 327,000 vehicles traveling on some portions of the Kennedy daily, the Kennedy and its South Side extension, the Dan Ryan, are the busiest roads in Illinois.


