Hideto Maki

Hideto Noguchi (野口ヒデト, "Noguchi Hideto", born November 27, 1950; Fukuoka, Japan) or Hideto Maki (真木ひでと, "Maki Hideto") is a Japanese singer. His real name is Masayuki Nouchi (野内 正行, "Nouchi Masayuki") and his nickname was Hideto (ヒデト). After performing as the lead singer for GS's band Ox, he has been active as a singer with a focus on enka (a traditional style of Japanese music). Hideto grew up in Tagawa City, Fukuoka Prefecture.

In 1967, Hideto joined the manga and backbone trio (with Yukihiro Kimura And The Backbones) and began his professional career as a singer. Also, with Kimura's instruction to "sing rock", sing "Long Tall Sally" by The Beatles from June of that year and then sing "Out of Time" and "Tell Me" by The Rolling Stones. (The fact that the manager of Penguin-do recommended that the LP of the live version of the Stones had a great influence on Hideto Noguchi's theatrical performance later), and the name of Hideto Noguchi in Kansai was given to know gradually.

The intense staging became popular and the mobilization power increased when the spine appeared. Toshio Fukui, the leader of the GS Ox band, who saw the performance of "Tel Me" at the Jazz Cafe "Number Ichiban", said: "Only our band and The Spiders have the Binson resonance chamber in Japan! " Noguchi joined the band in December 1967, but at the time he didn't know what Binson was. He made his debut as the vocalist of "Ox" in May 1968. His stage name is Hideto Noguchi, in honor of Meiji era bacteriologist Hideyo Noguchi. He made Top 10 and Top 20 hits like "Girl Friend", "Dancing Seventeen", "Swan no Nami" and "I'm Burning". The "Girl Friend", "Swan no Nami" and other two songs were composed by Kyōhei Tsutsumi. At the beginning of her debut, Ai Akamatsu's popularity preceded him, but when he released his second single, "Dancing Seventeen," it overwhelmingly separated him from the popularity poll, and the center of popularity shifted to Hideto Noguchi. In the mid to late GS boom, many dialogues between Kenji Sawada, Kenichi Hagiwara and Hideto Noguchi were seen in magazines.

Performances began at six venues across the country in September, causing a swoon on the stage at every venue, including the Tokyo Metropolitan Hibiya Public Hall on the first day, which the media hyped them as "bands passing out." Ox was called the "GS Gosanke" along with The Tigers and The Tempters. On May 23, 1970, the Ox held the "Subtitle" Second Anniversary Concert and "Blow Off Elvis Presley". It was a concert that also served as a new song announcement for me, but Ox at the time was still quite popular along side with the Tigers. The group was disbanded on May 31, 1971. In that same year, Hideto made his first solo debut with "Masked". After that, he released singles such as "What Else Is There" and "Yozora no Fuseki", and released the album "Hidetokara You ni" which contains his own "Clown Who Forgot To Laugh" line.

In 1975, he prepared to leave from the Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation "All Japan Kayo Championship" and won 10 awards every weeks. Renamed to "Hideto Maki" after his teacher Yoko Yamaguchi, he made his debut as an enka singer again with "Yumeyo Mouichido". This debut song became the first big hit as a solo singer and it broke again to rank 9th on the Oricon national chart and won several excellent newcomer awards. Also, despite being released in September, it is in the Oricon Annual Best 100, and was selected as a candidate song for the 17th Japan Record Awards nomination at the end of the year. Many of the fans were middle and high school students who couldn't see the GS era in real time, and Maki himself was concerned that it would end with a transitory boom.

As an aside, the kanji for "ki" with Hideto Maki was separated by Hiroshi Itsuki from the same office at the request of Yoko Yamaguchi. As a younger brother from the same office, he also participates in Itsuki's fan club event, and photos from that time are posted on Hideto Maki's website. In 1976, he won the Tokyo Shimbun Best Hit Award for "Drowning in Love." In that same year, he won the popular award, silver award, and other awards at the Iizuka Music Festival for her third single "Somewhere in Tokyo". The guest at that time was veteran female actress singer Hibari Misora, and Hideto said that he became more and more of Hibari's fan when she said, "I know you." At the time, master jazz pianist Yuzuru Sera said, "Hideto is more suited to jazz than enka. I will teach you how to become a jazz singer." Every time he met him, Masato Fujita, a master enka composer, would tell him "because one day, I'll write a music note with Hideto Maki."

Fujita's perception changed completely with the "flow" sung by Hideto on his special show when he was Ox, and even after his re-debut, the paternal replacement for Fuji TV. He also appeared on love shows. It is a pity that the dream with both teachers did not come true. In 1978, with George Yanagi and Rainy Wood, he released his seventh single "Cammon" beyond the limits of record companies. It is not an enka song, but a rock style song. At the time, the song was played with a playful feeling, but as she was about to transform into a rock singer, Maki's fierce opposition returned to the enka line.

Appeared at the New Years Rock Festival (International Theater) (moderated by Haruo Chikada). The festival is produced by Yuya Uchida. The turn came between the Downtown Boogie Woogie Band and Rainy Wood, and Maki also sang the Rod Stewart song). As an enka singer, only Maki appears at this rock festival, but Yuya Uchida spoke directly to Maki and took notice. "Ame no Tokyo" is karaoke and wired, and it won the best-selling award. After that, he released "Happy Thin Woman" and "Hotarugawa" and it became a huge hit. It seems that the number of adult fans has increased around here, and there are many male fans who like "I am a happy slim woman".

Also, Yuya asked him to appear in the "Carnival of the West" which was revived when the Nippon Theater was demolished, but Maki himself said it would be strange to appear again because Ox had refused to appear in the "Carnival of the West" in the past. . . It is said that he refused the offer. In 1988, Taro Morimoto asked him to join The Tigers Memorial Club Band, where he was able to balance solo and GS singers for eight years. (It is the largest GS unit released at the Osaka Castle Hall / Yokohama Arena concert).

Upon entering Heisei, the song "Genki no Hoshi", which begins with the lyrics of "Ace No. 4 from childhood", became a hit song since "Ame no Tokyo" and is still played in the second match. of the Yomiuri Giants army. Sing the original song "Thank You For Love" on the Kuni Kawachi 2010 project work album "Shido We ga Hibi". It is also a charity song for the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. On March 28, 2012, Sony Music released 21 songs by Hideto Maki and G ☆ B "Euphoric Flame Song" to mark the 45th anniversary of the singer's debut, but they are still selling steadily. In 2015, he celebrated the 40th anniversary of the name change to Hideto Maki, and on May 24, a limited edition of 120 people, "Don't Forget Your Original Intent, Yukihiro Kimura and Backbone Live" was made for the first time. in about 50 years (Kimura). Returning Yukihiro Live). The Ox's (ongoing) reunion is "impossible".

However, in reality, the members except Ai Akamatsu and Yusuke Taura (Yûsuke Natsu) have met sporadically on the old-fashioned tune show, sometimes singing Ox-era songs in solo live performances. It's been 50 years since he started as a professional singer in 2017. 2018 marked the 50th anniversary of the Ox first debut.

On September 9, 2018, due to fan enthusiasm, Yukihiro Kimura and Backbone Live were held in Osaka Moerado for the first time in 3 years and were sold out.

In 2019, he will appear on "Eternal Showa Hit Kayo On Stage" in May and July. At the May Concert, youth songs will be played, which is also their starting point, and at the July concert, GS-era songs will be played at downtown. On May 5, 2020, Sony Music released a 5-CD-BOX set of 111 songs, including a new song for the first time in approximately 30 years, as a tribute to Kouki. (The first CD reprint of Hideto Noguchi's song, including hit songs from the Ox era, hit songs after being renamed Hideto Maki, and even "Genki no Hoshi").

As of June 10, only Sony sound sources will be distributed for "euphoria, intoxication, hiding and clause". Serialized in Nihon Keizai Shimbun, interviews with four major newspapers, radio appearances and other activities with Reiwa's Hideto Maki began.

Ai Akamatsu

Ai Akamatsu (赤松愛, "Akamatsu" "Ai", born February 14, 1951 in Ashiya, Hyōgo) is a Japanese musician and keyboardist for the Japanese rock band group, the Ox until 1969. His real name is Yoshinobu Akamatsu (赤松義信, "Akamatsu Yoshinobu") and his nickname was Ai-chan (アイちゃん).

Born in Ashiya City, Hyogo Prefecture in 1951, His father is the president of the company and is the youngest of three siblings. Akamatsu learned the to play a piano from an early age, and when he was in the second year of junior high school, he said, "I want to play jazz," and his mother opposed "that kind of music is bad." However, in the end, he joined Hatari's and became a semi-professional at the dance hall "Fuji" in Osaka at that time. After that, he was invited to join Ox.

The looks of the red brown hair's bob head were lovely, and it became very popular as an idol. However, he disappeared on May 5, 1969 and leave the group. Yoko Ono and Toshimitsu Imai, an old painter, traveled to England on June 23 to "become a disciple of John Lennon" as guardian. While staying in London, he lived a life of hanging out at Apple's office, but during that time he returned to Japan temporarily and played the role of Aoyama with Shoji Ishibashi and others in the stage play "" sponsored by the new national drama from June 3 to 26, 1970. After that, Akamatsu retired from the entertainment world. His father returned to Japan on September 28, 1978 due to a sudden illness. Currently, he takes over the family business and runs an ironworks in Osaka.

After retiring, Akamatsu injured his finger due to the circumstances at the time of withdrawal and an accident during press work in the family business (there was a story that he lost his finger, but as far as the video after that, his finger is normal). He will not appear at all on sporadic reunions on old-fashioned programs (Akamatsu's vocal song is Hideto Maki, organ is represented by an external support member) and GS events, but on May 4, 1989 In addition to interviewing his wife on Fuji TV's idol special feature on the day, he appeared on TBS's GS special feature on October 4, 2003, delighting fans with the same appearance as at that time.

Yûsuke Natsu

Yûsuke Natsu (夏夕介, "Natsu Yûsuke", October 30, 1950; Arao, Kumamoto - January 27, 2010, Tokyo, Japan), also known as Yuki Taura (田浦 幸, "Taura Yuki") (his former stage name), was a Japanese keyboardist and actor. His real name was Hisayuki Taura (田浦 久幸, "Taura Hisayuki") and his nickname was Yuki (ユキ).

Natsu was in charge of the organ in the Osaka band "Grump Leeds". After graduating from high school in the spring of 1969, he moved to Tokyo after his professional debut with Akiko Wada, who was a vocalist for Grumpleys. Yuki Taura was added to the popular group sounds band "Ox" at the time, taking over Ai Akamatsu, who left the group in May of the same year after being bought by HoriPro, the agency of Wada.” In 1970, he changed his stage name to "Yusuke Natsu" while enrolled in "Ox" and made his debut as a solo singer with "Tears Burning". At the same time, he entered the acting business and made his first movie debut with "". In 1971, the Ox was disbanded at the end of May. While appearing in the TV dramas like "How About A Beautiful Woman?", Natsu became a trainee of the theater company NLT.

In 1972, he was selected to play the leading role of Junichiro Iwaki in the unique stage show-style hero program called "" (produced by ), which was broadcast from October to December. In 1974, in "Love Love Rivals" (TBS series), while performing a comical performance, he turned aside and performed a comical performance, while in " (Tokyo 12 channel-current TV), a drama adaptation of the popular comic based on . As the leading role of Makoto Taiga, he played the opposite role of , who made her first acting debut, and became a popular actress. In 1976, he starred in the movie "Ai no Nagisa" (directed by Junzen Nemoto, produced by ) for the first time. In the same year, he played the role of a protagonist again in "" as Joji Hayama / Skyzel, along side with Takeshi Sasaki (who previously portrayed Hayato Ichimonji in Kamen Rider (-TBS series).

After appearing in dramas such as "Red Bond" (TBS) and "People Call It Scandal" (TBS), Natsu has appeared in crime action television drama "Tokusou saizensen" (TV Asahi) as a detective Shunichi Kano since 1980. Regular appearance for 7 years until 1987. After that, he developed a . Although he disappeared from the front stage for a while due to symptoms such as facial nerve paralysis, Natsu overcame this and played an active role as an actor representative of "Gekidan Theater Japan". He died at a hospital in Tokyo on January 27, 2010 due to stomach cancer at the age of 59.

Hiroshi Koshikawa

Hiroshi Koshikawa (越川ひろし, "Koshikawa Hiroshi", April 22, 1946 {age 75}; - ) is a Japanese musician and lead guitarist. He is known as the band leader of The Carnabeats. His two nicknames was Hiro-chan (ヒロちゃん, "Hirochan") and Frog (カエル, "Kaeru").

Former member of "Freelancers", participated in the formation of "Robin Hood" (predecessor of The Carnabeats) with . It is unknown after the dissolution, but for a while he ran a dance hall in .

Currently, while opening a guitar class near on the , he appears irregularly at live houses in , and other cities in Japan.

Keikichi Usui

Keikichi Usui (臼井啓吉, "Usui Keikichi", January 2, 1946 {74}; - ) is a Japanese vocalist for The Carnabeats until he left the group on April 1969. His nickname was Ponta (ポンタ, "Ponta").

At the invitation of Hiroshi Koshikawa, he participated in the formation of "Robin Hood". In April 1969, he left the band. Usui started solo career under his stage name "Kei Aoyama" (青山啓, "Aoyama Kei"). The following year, in September 1970, he made his solo debut with "Mr. Sex's Holiday" written by Kuranosuke Hamaguchi.

Unfortunately, it ended up with just this one song. After that, he retired from the entertainment world. Currently, Usui has taken over the family business and is living well in a certain town in .

Tadao Oka

Tadao Oka (岡忠夫, "Oka Tadao", April 1, 1948 {age 73}, Fukushima Prefecture - ) is a Japanese bass player for Japan's Group Sound band, The Carnabeats. His real name was Motonari Takano (高野元成, "Takano Motonari") and had two nicknames, Dende (デンデ, "Dende") and Goldfish (金魚, "Kingyo"). 

Oka participated in "Robin Hood" from "Sounds of Wes" which was active in Nagoya. Withdrawal from the band in August 1969. his whereabouts is unknown. His older brother Norio Oka, a member of the "Jukebox" formed in 1970 by .

Jiro Kitamura

Jiro Kitamura (喜多村次郎, "Kitamura Jirō", February 18, 1946 {age 75}; - ) is a Japanese side guitarist for The Carnabeats. His two nicknames are Jiro (ジロー, "Jirō") and Golden Bat (黄金バット, "kogane batto"). 

He was a member of the electric band "Swing West" before it was converted to GS, and participated in the formation of "Robin Hood". His whereabouts is still unknown after the band was disbanded. Currently, he makes guest appearances at live houses, stages. on an irregular basis, and a joint concert with former Jaguar member Hisayuki Okizu is also held.

Paul Okada

Paul Okada (ポール岡田, "Pōru Okada", August 13, 1947 {age 73}; - ) is a Japanese singer and vocalist. He was the last member to joined The Carnabeats, taking over Keikichi Usui's place in April 1969. His real name is Kazuhiko Nagaoka (長岡和彦, "Nagaoka Kazuhiko") and his nickname is Paul (ポール, "Pōru")

Former vocalist of Carnabeats' younger brother band "". Participated in the band April 1969 after Keikichi Usui left the group. After the dissolution of band, Okada appeared in the musical "HAIR". After that, he performed solo activities, but retired at the end of the 1970s. Entered the advertising industry, Okada continued to be involved with the music industry as a advertising director and music producer, and was active as a commercial planner and producer. 

At the end of 2009, Asuka Shinsha Publishing company published "HAIR 1969 Shining Moment", which describes his own experiences from the GS era to the cast of HAIR. In 2010, he resumed full-scale activities mainly at live houses in . Okada would participate in the formation of "Tokyo Jajouka" in July 2011. He also appeared in "2012 New Year! Group Sounds GOLDEN CONCERT ~ This is GS! ~" Held on January 2, 2012. Currently, he participates in live performances by his ally Katsumi Kahashi (formerly ) as a support member, and is also active.

Aryan Nations

The Aryan Nations are an American anti-semitic, neo-Nazi and white supremacist terrorist group. Richard Girnt Butler founded the group during the 1970s.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) marked the Aryan Nations as a terrorist threat. In a review of terrorist groups, the RAND Corporation called it "the first truly nationwide terrorist network" in the United States.

Between the late 1970s and 2001, the Aryan Nations headquarters was just north of Hayden, Idaho. The Aryan Nations had a number of state affiliates.

Khoinam

Khoinam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khoirom

Khoirom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khoisnam

Khoisnam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit Manipur, India.

Khomdram

Khomdram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

American Nazi Party

The American Nazi Party (ANP) is an American neo-Nazi political party. It was founded by George Lincoln Rockwell. The original name of this organization was World Union of Free National Socialists (WUFENS). The WUFENS headquarters was in Arlington, Virginia. It was renamed to American Nazi Party in 1960.

The party is based on the ideals and policies of Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party in Germany during the Nazi era. 

On August 25, 1967, after Rockwell left a laundromat, he was shot by a former follower named John Patler as Rockwell was getting into his vehicle. Rockwell was later pronounced dead.


Female gangs in the United States

Women and girls in the United States join gangs for different reasons than males. Female gangs and female gang membership have been documented by historians dating back to the early 20th century. 

Suburban counties and smaller cities have more female gangs. According to one survey, 2% of all gangs in the United States have only female members.

Independently functioning units are all-female gangs. They operate by their own gang colors and name. They do not have oversight from any existing male gangs.

Hombre (movie)

Hombre is a 1967 American western movie directed by Martin Ritt and was based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard. It stars Paul Newman, Fredric Marsh, Richard Boone, Diane Cilento, Barbara Rush, Margaret Blye, Cameron Mitchell, Martin Balsam and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Princess Elisabeth of Hesse and by Rhine (1864–1918)

Elizabeth of Hesse and by Rhine (1 November 186418 July 1918) was a daughter of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom. She became the wife of Grand Duke Sergei of Russia who was killed with a bomb in 1905. She was killed with her sister Alexandra Feodorovna by Bolsheviks on 18 July 1918.

Leeton, New South Wales

Leeton is a town in the Riverina region of southern New South Wales, Australia. It is about 550 km West of Sydney and 450 km North of Melbourne in the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area, Leeton town population in 2016 was 6,931. Leeton is in one of the most productive farming regions in the state, the town was designed by Walter Burley Griffin and purpose-built for the irrigation schemes announced by the New South Wales government in the early 1900s. Citrus, rice, cotton, grapes, walnuts and wheat farms can all be found throughout the Leeton Shire. Leeton is called "Australia's Rice Capital" and as "The Heart of SunRice Country", as it is home to the SunRice headquarters. Other industry includes the Arnott’s Group (previously Freedom Foods), the Daily Drinks Co., JBS Australia, Webster Limited (walnuts and cotton) and Murrumbidgee Irrigation Limited.

Prior to European settlement, the area was inhabited by the Wiradjuri people. The town is named after Charles Alfred Lee, a Government Minister for Public Works in New South Wales from 1904 to 1910.
The Hydro Hotel was constructed in 1919. It was built so that the "Water Conservation and Irrigation Commission" managers had somewhere to stay when in Leeton. It was only licensed to sell alcohol in 1924, after the alcohol prohibition in the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area was stopped.
The Roxy Community Theatre was built in 1929 and opened in April 1930.

Leeton has hot dry summers and cool winters.

Australian poet and writer Henry Lawson lived in Leeton for two years, from 1916 to 1917. Lawson was hired to write about the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area to attract people to move to the area.


Tahir Salahov

Tahir Salahov (Azerbaijani, in full: , ; 29 November 1928 – 21 May 2021) was a Soviet-Azerbaijani-born Russian painter and draughtsman. He was First Secretary of the Union of Artists of the USSR from 1973 until 1992. He also was the Vice-President of the Russian Academy of Arts from 1997 until his death.

Salahov died on 21 May 2021 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 92.

Julie Su

Julie A. Su (born February 19, 1969) is an American attorney and politician. She is United States Deputy Secretary of Labor since 2021. She was the Secretary of the California Labor and Workforce Development Agency from 2019 until 2021 during Governor Gavin Newsom's administration. 

In November 2020, Su was named a candidate for United States Secretary of Labor in the Joe Biden administration. On February 13, 2021, Biden nominated her to be United States Deputy Secretary of Labor. On July 13, 2021 Su was confirmed to the role by the United States Senate, in a 50–47 party line vote.

In February 2023, President Biden nominated Su to serve as the United States Secretary of Labor. She became Acting Labor Secretary when Walsh officially left the post on March 11, 2023.

Titanic Waltz

Titanic Waltz (Romanian: Titanic vals) is a 1964 Romanian comedy movie directed by Paul Călinescu and was based on the play of the same name by Tudor Mușatescu. It stars Grigore Vasiliu-Birlic, Silvia Fulda, Ion Dichiseanu, Ion Fintesteanu, Coca Andronescu.

Regina and Margaret DeFrancisco

The Chicago sisters Regina and Margaret DeFrancisco were two teenage girls. The sisters made national headlines for the high-profile murder of Regina's then boyfriend Oscar Velazquez in June 2000.

On June 6, 2000, Regina DeFrancisco called her boyfriend of three weeks, 22-year-old Oscar Velazquez, to her home. The DeFrancisco sisters' friend was at the home. The friend gave Margaret a .38 caliber semi-automatic pistol. Margaret then used the gun to shoot Oscar in the back of his head. Oscar was instantly killed.

After the murder, the DeFrancisco sisters robbed the victim of just over $600. They drove Oscar's body in his 2000 Chevrolet Camaro Z28. That was where the sisters used nail polish remover, then set Oscar's body on fire. A private caller dialed 911 to report the fire. Just after finding Velazquez' body in the fire, he dialed 911 a second time.

The sisters tried to sell the Camaro. They were not successful. Regina and Margaret later abandoned the Camaro and set it on fire. Shortly after, the sisters were questioned by police as suspects in the murder of Oscar Velazquez. The sisters' stories, though, did not match up. Before Margaret and Regina could be arrested for murder, they left the Chicago area and began evading police.

After just under two years evading police, Margaret was captured in Rockford, Illinois on March 24, 2002. An anonymous tip after a showing of "America's Most Wanted" led to her capture at an apartment complex where she was staying with relatives. Margaret was arrested for and charged with the murder of Oscar Velazquez. She was also charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution.

Seven months later on October 18, 2002, Regina was arrested in Dallas, Texas. The Chicago FBI reported that she was taken into custody after a traffic stop and high speed chase.

Regina DeFrancisco was found guilty of murder and armed robbery. She was sentenced to 35 years in prison. Margaret was sentenced to 46 years in prison.

When We're Born

When We're Born () is a 2019 Egyptian drama movie directed by Tamer Ezzat and starring Amr Abed, Ibtihal Elserety, Salma Hasan, Amir Eid, Passant Shawky.

Dendropsophus rhea

Dendropsophus rhea is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Hirschau

Hirschau is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Hirschau has the following villages:

Kokusai himitsu keisatsu: Kagi no kagi

Kokusai himitsu keisatsu: Kagi no kagi (国際秘密警察 鍵の鍵, "International Secret Police: Key of Keys"), also known as Key of Keys, is a 1965 Japanese comedy-spy movie directed by Senkichi Taniguchi. It is the fourth installment of five movies in the Kokusai himitsu keisatsu series, a parody of James Bond-style spy movies.

Woody Allen used this movie, combined with footage from the third installment "" (国際秘密警察:火薬の樽, "International Secret Police: Keg of Gunpowder"), to make his directorial debut, in which the original dialogue is redubbed in English to make the plot about a secret egg salad recipe.

As part of Toho's "International Secret Police Series" 3rd part "Keg of Gunpowder" and 4th part "Key of Keys" were replaced by American movie director and actor Woody Allen, and a scene was added to take a picture of the bone. It was re-edited into one comedy gag movie.

The Japanese actors have also appeared in the movie but with different names such as Tatsuya Mihashi ("Phil Moscowitz"), Akiko Wakabayashi ("Suki Yaki"), Mie Hama ("Teri Yaki"), Tadao Nakamaru ("Shepherd Wong"), and Susumu Kurobe ("Wing Fat"). With stereotyped Asian customs as a comic point, it is a careful parody of spy movies represented by the "007 series" at that time.

The content is also a mess that an international spy played by Phil regains the "world's best egg salad recipe" stolen in a certain country, but although it is a parody, it is also Woody Allen's first movie as director. It is a work and is still highly evaluated by American movie critics.

However, Woody himself is said to be extremely avoiding touching this movie. He would appear in "Casino Royale" in 1967 back in England as Jimmy Bond. DVDs are also on sale overseas, but in Japan, they haven't seen the movie due to issues such as copyrights with Toho, Japan's major movie studio company.

Mie Hama and Akiko Wakabayashi would later be chosen by Eon Productions for the sixth James Bond movie, "You Only Live Twice" a year later as Bond girls.

Secret agent Jiro Kitami, who had infiltrated Tonwan, was requested by the director of intelligence Sritai to steal a large amount of money that was hidden by Gegen, leader of the rebel guerrillas associated with "Darkness". He was teamed up with two beautiful female agents, Miichin and Bai-Lan. The three arrived at Yokohama by ship in pursuit of the Gegen Gang, who earned funds through illegal gambling at the casino and prostitution at a local strip club. During the investigation, Kitami met He-Qing Cai, a Chinese gangster from Hong Kong and leader of the Qing-Cai Gang. He is also the rival of his competitors because Gegen takes the territory of Yokohama. Then they disguise themselves as sailors and board their ship to steal Gegen's money. However, there was no cash in the safe inside the ship, only a piece of paper with a text that looked like a code.


2020 Vermont Republican presidential primary

The 2020 Vermont Republican presidential primary was on March 3, 2020, as one of 14 contests planned for Super Tuesday in the Republican Party primaries for the 2020 president election.
Bill Weld's 10% of the vote was his best performance of any state primary.
<section begin="VTresults" />
<section end="VTresults" />


Schnaittenbach

Schnaittenbach (Bavarian: "Schnaittenboch") is a town in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate. It is northeast of Amberg.

The town is twinned with Buchberg, Switzerland.

Sulzbach-Rosenberg

Sulzbach-Rosenberg ( "Suizboch-Rosnberg" or "Suizbach-Roasnberg") is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district ("Landkreis") in the Upper Palatinate. It is situated approximately northwest of Amberg, and east of Nuremberg. The town has two parts: Sulzbach in the west, and Rosenberg in the east.

Pain au chocolat

Pain au chocolat () is a type of French sweet roll. It is made with a croissant-like dough rolled into a cuboid-like shape filled with 2 pieces of dark chocolate. It can be served either hot or cold. It is usually served in French bakeries or markets.

In southwest France and Quebec, it is known as chocolatine.

Pilaf gang

The Pilaf gang are fictional characters of Dragon Ball and Hishodo madutsu.

They first appear on season one of hishodo Midutsu. They steal the dragon balls from Bulma but got caught
Biscotti

Biscotti is an Italian type of almond biscuit. It originated from the Tuscan city of Prato. They are twice-baked, oblong-shaped, dry, crunchy, and may be dipped in a drink, traditionally Vin Santo.

Biscotti is also known as cantucci.

Although commonly used to indicate the biscuits of Prato, "biscotti di Prato", in modern Italy and Argentina they are also known widely by the name "cantuccini". These names sound similar to other regional products of Italy. The term cantuccini is most commonly used today in Tuscany, but originally refers to variations or imitations which deviate from the traditional recipe in a few key points such as the use of yeasts, acids (to make them less dry) and flavourings. Rusks are larger, longer biscuits, rustic bread dough enriched with olive oil and anise seeds.

The confusion on the name may have been born from the fact that on the old sign (still present) of "Biscottificio Antonio Mattei," the leading manufacturer of biscuits of Prato, is written just below the name of the shop: "Manufacturers of cantuccini," which at the time were one of the major products of the biscuits. The sign has remained unchanged, and after such a long time people are accustomed to associate the name "cantuccini" with the biscuits typical of Sardinia and Sicily.

Biscotti is made with flour, sugar, eggs and almonds or pine nuts. Sometimes they have a layer of glaze, usually chocolate.

The Jaguars

The Jaguars (ザ・ジャガーズ, "Za jagāzu") is a Japanese group sound band that was created in 1964 until 1971. The band sung many both Japanese and English music covers, manly The Rolling Stones, The Nashville Teens, Paul Revere And The Raiders, and other American and British band groups.

The predecessor of The Jaguars was active as an electric group at jazz cafes under the name of "Yukio Miya and The Play Five" in April 1964. In 1965, they began to appear regularly on electric programs such as the TV programs "Beat No. 1" and "Young Pops Excite", and the band's name recognition gradually increased. In May of the following year, Shin Okamoto, who was a 16 year old vocalist from Kanagawa at that time, reluctantly joined the group and they became popular in the magazines and songs. The Play Five was renamed to The Jaguars in June 1967 and made their record debut with "Kimi Niaitai" (Want To See You Again).

This debut songs was a big hit, and popular songs such as "Dancing Lonely Night" and "Mademoiselle Bruce" were skipped one after another. In March 1968, The Jaguars appeared in many televisions shows and there was a movie called "Make Way For The Jaguars" (directed by Yôichi Maeda and produced by Shochiku), but at the end of the same month, the band leader Yukio Miya withdrew due to internal conflict with the music directors. After Yukio left the group, 19 year old Takeshi Hamano joined the alternative drums in April and Shin became the leader of the group at the age of 20. In June, they released a hit song "The Legend of Xanadu" and in September with "Two People In The Starry Sky", but in January 1969, "Bruce for Lovers" was a remarkably popular song like other Group Sounds songs. It has been turned into a musical stage play.

Around this time, the GS genre began to fade as disco and funky music flourished in Japan, and lead guitarist Hisayuki Okitsu left the group due to illness treatment, and in 1970, keyboardist Yasuji Sato and Takeshi Hamano also left. After "Someday Someone" released in April 1970, they became active in nightclubs in Tokyo without a release song in 1971, but did not hold any dissolution concerts, and The Jaguars ended in July 1971. After appearing in "Goodbye Nikki Western Carnival" in 1981, the band was reunited when "Want To Meet You" song was a commercial for Asahi Breweries, but in 2009, due to the death of Shin Okamoto, the band dissolved again.





Vikram Bhatt

Vikram Bhatt (born 27 January 1969 in Bombay) is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter and actor. Formerly, he was the creative head of ASA Productions and Enterprises until 2014, when he resigned from the company.

His directed his first film "Jaanam", which was produced by Mukesh Bhatt. His first four films did not fare well at the box office; his first successful directorial venture was "Fareb". Following this, he had multiple successful films such as "Ghulam", "Kasoor", "Raaz" and "Awara Paagal Deewana". After "Awara Paagal Deewana", he gave flops like "Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage", "Deewane Huye Paagal" and Ankahee. Humko Tumse Pyaar Hai was another flop although Bobby Deol's and Ameesha Patel's performances were well-received. In 2008, Bhatt came back with the horror genre and he delivered three films that were successful at the box office; these include "1920," "Shaapit," and "Haunted – 3D". In 2010, Bhatt introduced stereoscopic 3D for the first time in India with his film Haunted – 3D; the film was released in May 2011 and it then set the record of the highest grossing Hindi horror film of all time, making Rs. 270 million at the box office.

In 2012, Bhatt's Raaz 3D recorded domestic box office collection of 729 million after the 3rd weekend and the overseas collection was at 46 million. Riding high with the success, Bhatt is writing another horror-thriller for Bipasha in the central role, with a more shocking image than Raaz 3. Following the success of Raaz 3, Vikram Bhatt's written Hindi horror movie which has been directed by debutant Bhushan Patel topped the first weekend collection chart at the box office and the approximate collection was Rs 124.3 million nett. The movie further collected approx Rs 37.5 million nett in the second Weekend, taking the total to Rs 228.6 million nett. The film has been declared a 'Hit'. Soon after, Bhatt signed a deal with Bhushan Kumar's T-Series to produce 5 films of sci-fi, thriller and horror genre. Two of the films will be directed by Bhatt himself.

In early 2013, Bhatt announced his upcoming projects, Creature 3D, India's First 3D Monster Movie with Bipasha Basu in the lead role and 1920 London, third in the 1920 series. Vikram Bhatt will mark his foray into Marathi cinema with 'Ek Doosrey Ke Liye', which will be directed by Ashwini Kumar Patil.

Khongbantabam

Khongbantabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Jack Stauber

Jack Stauber (born April 6, 1996) is an American musician, animator, and YouTuber from McKean, Pennsylvania who now lives in Pittsburgh. He is known for his strange lyrics and accompanying music videos on YouTube used as internet memes. Stauber has been a member of the bands Joose and Zaki. In 2020, he won the Shorty Award for Best in Weird.

His first album, "Finite Form" (2013), was released when he was 16. Inspired by folk music, his second album, "Viator" (2015), was released two years later. Stauber's third studio album "Pop Food" (2017) experimented with pop, lo-fi, and a 80s and 90s aesthetic. The first two tracks, "Buttercup" and "Oh Klahoma", went viral on TikTok, and has a combined 354 million Spotify streams as of May 2021. His latest album, "HiLo" (2018), has elements of funk, pop, and rock.

Stauber first published on YouTube in 2013. His website was launched in late 2017. The website mostly has links to other content such as his social media and merch stores. Stauber also has a Patreon, where he releases unreleased songs and videos monthly. He also releases full versions of short songs found on his YouTube channel. These full versions are usually released later under "Jack Stauber's Micropop".

Stauber grew up in McKean, Pennsylvania. He has one sister, named Kharly. He majored in marketing and minored in studio arts at the University of Pittsburgh. In an interview, Stauber showed his favorite cartoon is Rugrats, and liked the art style, stating "Take some time to watch a minute of the pilot of Rugrats if you haven’t seen that before. The art style is beyond incredible."

Stauber's most famous work, "Buttercup", is the first song released on his 2017 album "Pop Food". The song, along with remixes and covers of it, became a popular internet meme, especially on TikTok, which helped with its success. The song currently has 279 million Spotify streams as of May 2021. Stauber did not release an official music video for it. The song has been described as "bubbly, dramatic pop with Panda Bear-esque vocals." YouTuber "lisuga" made a popular fan made video using clips from the Japanese film, "Kick-Heart". It is the most viewed Jack Stauber-related video on YouTube, with 191 million views as of May 2021.

"Oh Klahoma", the second track from "Pop Food", also became popular. The song currently has 74 million Spotify streams as of May 2021. The song is most famously used as background music to a TikTok trend called #ghostphotoshoot, where creators dress up as ghosts and take photos of themselves, sometimes wearing sunglasses and other fashion accessories. However, the trend has become controversial, with critics saying the bedsheet costumes used look like KKK robes.

Stauber's visual style is known to be different, with some YouTube videos being dedicated to attempting to replicate the aesthetic that he utilizes in many of his videos. Stauber himself commented under one such video, expressing that he was impressed with the result. Meg Fair of "Pittsburgh City Paper" highlighted Stauber's knack of "pulling unrelated sounds and influences into [his] music" and liked his ability to switch styles quickly. Jenna Minnig of "PennState CommMedia" compared Stauber's music to Ariel Pink's; as both have hypnagogic-pop styles and have similar voices, but believed it was not needed to compare the two. Fans of his music include American rock musician Jon Bon Jovi, actor, rapper, and comedian Andy Milonakis, actor Verne Troyer, indie singer-songwriter Sidney Gish, and model Paris Jackson.

Along with music, Stauber is known for his animations. They are usually separated into three styles: "surreal", characters with odd and striking facial expressions and frequently part of his claymations, "colorful", which usually are featured in his VHS animations and music videos, and "Stauber faces", light-skinned characters with cartoon noses. Stauber is also well known for his frequent use of teeth in his videos and animations. He usually uses detailed resin teeth on his clay characters, although he has used real teeth. He has encouraged fans to send him teeth for him to use in his videos.Jack stauber also considers his style of art as "weirdcore". 

To make his animations, Stauber uses Microsoft Paint for the drawings. He then sequences the frames in Adobe Premiere Pro, and then runs the finished video through a VHS tape.

Stauber has four albums on both his Bandcamp and Spotify. Stauber uses the Plopscotch Records label to put copyright on his music.
Stauber also publishes under the name "Jack Stauber's Micropop", releasing longer versions of short songs found on his YouTube channel. These songs are less popular than his songs and albums released under his main name, Jack Stauber. These extended versions are often released early for Stauber's Patreon supporters. Under the Micropop name, Stauber has released six EPs and one compilation album, along with two soundtracks for his works with Adult Swim.


Khudrakpam

Khudrakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khullem

Khullem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khumallambam

Khumallambam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khumanthem

Khumanthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khumbongmayum

Khumbongmayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khumujam

Khumujam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khumukcham

Khumukcham is a Meitei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khundongbam

Khundongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khundrakpam

Khundrakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khuraijam

Khuraijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khuyenthem

Khuyenthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit Manipur, India.

Khwairampam

Khwairampam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Koijam

Koijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Garlic butter

Garlic butter, also known as beurre à la bourguignonne, is a type of seasoned butter used as a flavouring for "Escargots à la bourguignonne". It is also spread on bread or used in shrimp scampi. It is made of butter and garlic. These ingredients are well blended and chilled before use.

In the United States, garlic butter in small cups is sometimes served with foods like lobster, pizza, or breadsticks as a dip. To improve shelf life, the dip may use clarified butter or flavored oils rather than real butter.

Skirt steak

Skirt steak is a type of meat cut from the plate. It is long, flat and flavorful.

This steak has an outside part and an inside part. Both the inside and outside skirt steak are trimmed and have no bones. This steak is covered in a tough membrane that should be removed before cooking.

The inside skirt steak is often confused with the flank steak, which is the tail of the porter house and T-bone steaks of the short loin found on the flank. It has similar ways of cooking.

In the United States, the North American Meat Processors Association (NAMP) indentifies all skirts steaks NAMP 121. NAMP 121 is further subdivided into the outer (outside) skirt steak (NAMP 121C) and the inner (inside) skirt steak (NAMP 121D). The beef flank steak (NAMP 193) is next to the skirt, nearer the animal's rear quarter.

Like most steaks, the skirt steak can be cooked with different methods.

Skirt steak can be used for making fajitas, arrachera, Chinese stir-fry, churrasco, and in Cornish pasties.

To make it less tough and more flavorful, skirt steaks are often marinated before grilling, pan-seared very quickly or cooked very slowly, typically braised. They are usually sliced against the grain before serving to make it more tender.

Visaginas

Visaginas is a city in Lithuania. It is found on the very northeast of the country. Most people who live here are Russians and speak the Russian language. It is the newest city in Lithuania, because it was built to serve the nearby Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant.

James Maslow

James David Maslow (born July 16, 1990) is an American actor and singer. He played the role of James Diamond on Nickelodeon's "Big Time Rush". Easy A He had roles in "Getaway" and "The Frozen Ground". He is a member of the boyband Big Time Rush.

Hinduism in Indonesia

In Indonesia the religion in majority is Islam and Hinduism is in minority followed by only 1.7% people as of 2018 Census. Hinduism is one of the six official religions of Indonesia. Hinduism came from India by sailors, priests and merchants between 1st to 6th Century AD. 

As of 2018 Census of Indonesia.

Industry, Texas

Industry is a city in Austin County, Texas, United States. 268 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Mouse melon

The mouse melon (also called cucamelon) is a vine, related to the cucumber. It has edible fruit the size of grapes. These fruits taste a little like cucumbers. The plant is from Mexico, and Central America. In Spanish, it is often called sandita, "little watermelon". Very likely, the plant was domesticated before the Europeans came to America.

Sealy, Texas

Sealy is a city in Austin County, Texas, United States. 6,839 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Framerville-Rainecourt

Framerville-Rainecourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Framicourt

Framicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Francières, Somme

Francières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ralph Puckett

Ralph Puckett Jr. (born December 8, 1926) is an American Army soldier and colonel. He led the Eighth Army Ranger Company during the Korean War. He was born in Tifton, Georgia.

Puckett was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions on November 25, 1950, when his company of 51 Rangers was attacked by Chinese forces at the battle for Hill 205. 

He retired from the United States Army in 1971 as a colonel.

On May 20, 2021, President Joe Biden awarded Puckett the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle for Hill 205.

Friedberg, Bavaria

Friedberg (; , Swabian: "Fridberg") is a town in Aichach-Friedberg, a district "(Landkreis)" in Swabia. It is next to Augsburg at the Lech river.

The municipality reform in 1978 that divided the town of Friedberg in the following 14 districts:

Friedberg, consisting of:
Also

Adjacent to the town are Augsburg, Affing, Obergriesbach, Dasing, Adelzhausen, Eurasburg, Ried and Kissing.

Friedberg is twinned with:




Chaim Herzog

Major-General Chaim Herzog (; 17 September 1918 – 17 April 1997) was an Israeli politician, general, lawyer and author. 

He was head of the Military Intelligence Directorate (Aman) in 1949-1950 and 1959-1962, and was the sixth President of Israel between 1983 and 1993.

His son, Isaac Herzog, is the 11th President of Israel.

Herzog died on 17 April 1997 in Tel Aviv, Israel from heart failure caused by pneumonia at the age of 78.

Adelzhausen

Adelzhausen (; also Swabian: "Adelzhausen") is a municipality in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Bavaria, southern Germany.


Yitzhak Ben-Zvi

Yitzhak Ben-Zvi ( "Yitshak Ben-Tsvi"; 24 November 188423 April 1963) was an Israeli historian and politician. He was a Labor Zionist. From 1952 until 1963, he was the 2nd President of Israel.


Fransart

Fransart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Zalman Shazar

Zalman Shazar (; born Shneur Zalman Rubashov; ; ; November 24, 1889 – October 5, 1974) was an Israeli politician, author and poet. Shazar was the third President of Israel for two terms, from 1963 to 1973. 

Fransu

Fransu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ephraim Katzir

Ephraim Katzir ( "Efrayim Katsir"; 16 May 1916 – 30 May 2009) was an Israeli biophysicist and Israeli Labor Party politician. He was the fourth President of Israel from 1973 until 1978.

Fransures

Fransures is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

General Zionists

The General Zionists (, translit. "HaTzionim HaKlaliym") were a centrist Zionist movement and a political party in Israel. The General Zionists supported the leadership of Chaim Weizmann. Their political ideas are similar to the modern-day Likud.

Lindy Thackston

Lindy Thackston Hogue (born November 29, 1980) is an American news reporter and anchor. She has worked as a trackside and pit lane reporter for Versus coverage of the IndyCar Series. Thackston has co-anchored the morning newscast on Fox affiliate WXIN. She was born in Frankfort, Indiana.

In May 2020, Thackston was diagnosed with stage-3 colon cancer.

Jack Hanna

Jack Bushnell Hanna (born January 2, 1947) is a retired American zookeeper and a former director emeritus of the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium. 

His nicknamed was "Jungle Jack". He was director of the Columbus Zoo from 1978 to 1992

He appeared on many late night shows with Johnny Carson, David Letterman, James Corden, "Good Morning America", and Maury Povich.

In April 2021, Hanna was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. 

Franvillers

Franvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fresnes-Mazancourt

Fresnes-Mazancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fresnes-Tilloloy

Fresnes-Tilloloy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fresneville

Fresneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fresnoy-Andainville

Fresnoy-Andainville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Kissing, Bavaria

Kissing is a municipality in the Aichach-Friedberg district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is just 10 km (6.2 mi) south of Augsburg.

The Company of Wolves

The Company of Wolves is a 1984 British Irish fantasy horror movie directed by Neil Jordan and was based on the 1979 short story of the same name by Angela Carter. It stars Angela Lansbury, Sarah Patterson, David Warner, Brian Glover, Stephen Rea, Graham Crowden, Georgia Slowe, Kathryn Pogson and was nominated for 4 BAFTAs in 1985.


Jimmy Carter 1976 presidential campaign

Jimmy Carter's 1976 presidential campaign was a successful campaign for Carter and his running mate Walter Mondale's election as President and Vice President of the United States. They beat the incumbent Republican President Gerald Ford and his running mate Bob Dole.

Carter, a Democrat and Governor of Georgia launched his presidential bid in December 1974. In the break of the Watergate scandal, the declining popularity of President Ford because of his pardon of Richard Nixon.

His opponents made fun of his supporters by saying, ""Jimmy, who?"". In response to it, Carter started to say ""My name is Jimmy Carter, and I'm running for president"".

Ronald Reagan 1984 presidential campaign

Ronald Reagan, the 40th President of the United States, announced his candidacy for re-election as president in Washington, D.C. on November 3, 1983. On August 23, 1984, he again became the nominee of the Republican Party for the 1984 presidential election.

After receiving the Republican nomination, he confirmed that Vice President George H. W. Bush would remain as his running mate.

On November 6, 1984, President Reagan carried 49 of 50 states and received 525 electoral votes to win the election. Walter Mondale, the former vice president, carried only one state, as well as Washington, D.C., and received 13 electoral votes. President Reagan won 58.8 percent of the popular vote and Mondale received 40.6 percent.

Icel

Icel may refer to:


In the Name of the Father (1993 movie)

In the Name of the Father is a 1993 Irish British biographical drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and was based on the 1990 autobiography "Proven Innocent" by Gerry Conlon. It stars Daniel Day-Lewis, Pete Postlethwaite, Emma Thompson, Corin Redgrave, Beatie Edney, John Benfield, Paterson Joseph, Frank Harper, Tom Wilkinson, Saffron Burrows and was nominated for 7 Academy Awards in 1994. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Under the Dome (TV series)

Under the Dome is an American science-fiction mystery drama television series. It premiered on CBS on June 24, 2013, and concluded on September 10, 2015. The series was developed by Brian K. Vaughan and based on Stephen King's 2009 novel of the same name.

Sudden death (sport)

Sudden death is a type of sport match in which the game will end when one person is ahead of others. It is usually used as a tiebreaker.

2008–09 Premier League

In the 2008-09 Premier League, the winners Manchester United, went 22 hours of football without giving up a league goal. They demoted Newcastle, Middlesborough and West Brom in descending order. The Premier League's top scorer in the 2008-09 season was Nicolas Anelka. He only scored 19 goals. It was the second lowest amount ever. Liverpool only lost two matches in the Premier League that season. If it wasn't for the Red Devil's total of 90 points, Liverpool might have won. Liverpool had a total of 86 points. It has since been matched by Tottenham and beaten by Manchester City twice. This was the first season that the Abu Dhabi United Group had bought Manchester City and so arrived Vincent Kompany, Pablo Zabaleta and Robinho.

Ronald Reagan 1976 presidential campaign

Ronald Reagan announced his candidacy for President of the United States on November 20, 1975.
Reagan won primaries in several states, but eventually lost the nomination to incumbent president Gerald Ford at the 1976 Republican National Convention.

In 1976, Reagan challenged incumbent President Gerald Ford when they both tried to become the Republican Party's candidate for president. Reagan soon created himself as the conservative candidate.

However, as the GOP convention neared, Ford appeared close to victory. Ford won the nomination with 1,187 delegates to Reagan's 1,070. Ford would go on to lose the 1976 presidential election to the Democratic nominee, Jimmy Carter.

Wenhu line

Wenhu Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei, Taiwan. Also called the Brown Line, this was the earliest line of the Taipei Metro. The line connects Taipei Zoo to Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center. You can transfer to the Tamsui-Xinyi Line at Daan, to the Bannan Line at Zhongxiao Fuxing or Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center station, or to the Songshan-Xindian Line at Nanjing Fuxing. In the future, transfers to the Circular Line can be made at Taipei Zoo or Jiannan Road station.
The line currently consists of 24 stations with station codes from BR01 to BR24.

Taipei Zoo station

Taipei Zoo is a metro and a gondola station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a terminal station on the Wenhu Line and the Maokong Gondola. It will be a future transfer station for the Circular Line in 2029. The station code of the Wenhu Line station is BR01 and the future station code of the Circular Line station will be Y01.
The platforms of the Wenhu Line are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center. Platform 2 is not in service, because Taipei Zoo is the terminal station. The Circular line platforms will be accessible in the future through an underground platform.


Daran Norris

Daran Morrison Norland (born November 1, 1964) known 
professionally as Daran Norris, is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is best known for voicing Cosmo, Mr. Turner and Jorgensen Von Strangle in "The Fairly OddParents".

The Weeknd discography

This is the discography of Canadian musician The Weeknd. 

Affing

Affing is a municipality about () Augsburg in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Swabia - Bavaria, southern Germany.
"Districts (villages) of the municipality Affing:" Affing with Iglbach, Anwalting, Aulzhausen, Bergen, Frechholzhausen, Gebenhofen, Haunswies, Katzenthal, Miedering, Mühlhausen, Pfaffenzell.


Aindling

Aindling (Swabian: "Aindling", ) is a market town in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Bavaria, southern Germany.



Prisoners (2013 movie)

Prisoners is a 2013 American thriller drama movie directed by Denis Villeneuve and starring Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo, Paul Dano. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2014.


Fresnoy-en-Chaussée

Fresnoy-en-Chaussée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fresnoy-lès-Roye

Fresnoy-lès-Roye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fressenneville

Fressenneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Frohen-le-Grand

Frohen-le-Grand is a former commune. It is in Picardie in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2007, it was merged into the new commune of Frohen-sur-Authie.

Frohen-le-Petit

Frohen-le-Petit is a former commune. It is in Picardie in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2007, it was merged into the new commune of Frohen-sur-Authie.

Frohen-sur-Authie

Frohen-sur-Authie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The municipality was created on 1 January 2007 from the former communes of Frohen-le-Grand and Frohen-le-Petit.

Frise, Somme

Frise is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

To Grab the Ring

To Grab the Ring is a 1968 Dutch crime movie directed by Nikolai van der Heyde and starring Ben Carruthers, Françoise Brion, Liesbeth List, Al Mancini, Edina Ronay, Vladek Sheybal.

Muzha metro station

Muzha is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR02.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Wanfang Community metro station

Wanfang Community is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR03.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Wanfang Hospital metro station

Wanfang Hospital is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR04.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Xinhai metro station

Xinhai is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR05.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Linguang metro station

Linguang is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR06.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Liuzhangli metro station

Liuzhangli is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR07.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Technology Building metro station

Technology Building is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is BR08.
The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Daan metro station

Daan is a metro station on the Wenhu Line and Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Wenhu line station is BR09 and the station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R05.

The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou. Platform 2 is for Xiangshan, which is also used as a termination platform for trains from Beitou during non-rush hours.


The Reenactment

The Reenactment (), also known as Reconstruction, is a 1968 Romanian drama movie directed by Lucian Pintilie and starring Vladimir Găitan, George Mihăiţă, George Constantin. It was based on the novel by Horia Pătraşcu.

Zhongxiao Fuxing metro station

Zhongxiao Fuxing is a metro station on the Wenhu Line and Bannan Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Wenhu line station is BR10 and the station code of the Bannan line station is BL15.

The platform of Bannan line is underground and the platform of Wenhu line is above ground. An elevator connect the two lines to each other, which is currently the longest elevator in the Taipei Metro.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center on the Wenhu line and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center on the Bannan line or Kunyang. Platform 2 is for Dingpu or Far Eastern Hospital.


Nanjing Fuxing metro station

Nanjing Fuxing is a metro station on the Wenhu Line and Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Wenhu line station is BR11 and the station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G16.

This station was formerly known as Nanjing (or Nanking) East Road station, but was renamed on 2014 to avoid confusion since Songshan-Xindian Line runs almost entirely under Nanjing East Road.

The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan. Platform 2 is for Xindian or Taipower Building.


Francesc Arnau

Francesc Xavier Arnau Grabulosa (23 May 1975 – 22 May 2021) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He worked as a sporting director for Málaga and Real Oviedo.

In a 16-year professional career he only played for Barcelona and Málaga, appearing in 126 La Liga games over the course of 12 seasons.

Arnau died on 22 May 2021 in Oviedo, Spain one day before his 46th birthday.

Yuan Longping

Yuan Longping (; September 7, 1930May 22, 2021) was a Chinese agronomist. He was known for creating the first hybrid rice varieties in the 1970s. Yuan was born in Beijing. In 2004, he won the Wolf Prize in Agriculture and the World Food Prize.

Yuan was a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from 1983 until 2018. In 1995, he was elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.

Yuan fell down at his research lab in Sanya, China on March 10, 2021. On April 7, he was transferred to Changsha, Hunan Province for treatment. Yuan died from multiple organ failure caused by his injuries a month later on May 22, aged 90.

Thiago Silva

Thiago Emiliano da Silva (born 22 September 1984), known as Thiago Silva, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Chelsea. He also plays for the Brazilian national team.

In his youth, Thiago played for Fluminense and Barcelona-RJ.

He started his senior career at RS Futebol, eventually moving to Juventude, and later Porto.

Later in his career, Thiago would go on loan at Dynamo Moscow, and eventually returned to Fluminense in 2006. Thiago would then go on to join A.C. Milan in 2009, for a €10 million fee.

On 14 July 2012, Thiago joined Paris Saint-Germain for a €36 million fee, and extended his contract till 2018 in 2013.

On 28 August 2020, he joined Chelsea on a one year contract. 

Donal Logue

Donal Francis Logue (born February 27, 1966) is an Irish, Canadian-born, American actor, producer and writer. He is known for his role as detective Harvey Bullock on Fox's "Gotham".

Logue was raised in Calexico, California and Central Point, Oregon. His parents were missionaries.

The Oak

The Oak () is a 1992 Romanian drama movie directed by Lucian Pintilie and starring Maia Morgenstern, Răzvan Vasilescu, Victor Rebengiuc, Dorel Vișan, Ion Pavlescu.

Laininghan Naoriya Phulo

Laininghan Naoriya Phulo (born 28 August 1888) was a Meitei religious, social and political leader and the founder of the antique Meitei religion revivalist school of Apokpa Marup. According to Meitei doctrines, he was regarded as a prophet who was born to preserve and revive the suppressed ancient paganism of the Meitei ethnicity. He is seen as an example for all Meiteis to follow. He invented a modern script (different from the present Meitei Mayek) to write Meitei language and its numerals taking help from the old script which he discovered from the Shakok Salai Thiren, based on the cosmic evolution of the Meitei mythology.
Still today, people celebrate his birthday on the month of Thawan (August) according to Meitei calendar both in Assam and Manipur.




Disappearance of Kyron Horman

Kyron Richard Horman (born September 9, 2002) is an American boy who disappeared from Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon, on June 4, 2010, after attending a science fair. Local and state police, along with the FBI, conducted an exhaustive search for Horman and launched a criminal investigation but have not uncovered any significant information regarding the child's whereabouts. His disappearance sparked the largest criminal investigation in Oregon history.

San Agustin tree frog

The San Agustin tree frog ("Dendropsophus praestans") is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 1750 and 2250 meters above sea level.

The Night of Counting the Years

The Night of Counting the Years, also released in Arabic as The Mummy, (Arabic: "Al-Mummia" المومياء) is a 1969 Egyptian drama movie directed by Shadi Abdel Salam and starring Nadia Lutfi, Ahmad Hegazi, Ahmed Marei, Shafik Nour El Din.


Siberia (1998 movie)

Siberia is a 1998 Dutch comedy movie directed by Robert Jan Westdijk and starring Roeland Fernhout, Hugo Metsers, Vlatka Simac, Nicole Eggert, Johnny Lion, Alessia Sorvillo, Francesca Rizzo, Nefeli Anthopoulou.

Adele Bloch-Bauer

Adele Bloch-Bauer I (1881-1925) was an Austrian Jew who lived in Vienna. She supported many artists. Adele knew the painter Gustav Klimt. She is the only woman he painted more than once. People called her "the Austrian Mona Lisa." After her death, the Nazis stole the paintings from her family. Years later, her niece and some lawyers went to the United States Supreme Court to get them back.

Adele Bloch-Bauer was born Adele Bauer in 1881. Her father worked as a director for banks and railways.

Adele married Ferdinand Bloch when she was 19. He was 17 years older than she was. He liked her so much that instead of her becoming Adele Bloch, they both became Adele and Ferdinand Bloch-Bauer. They both liked many artists, including Gustav Klimt. She tried to have children with him, but two of them died before they were born and one baby died after.

Adele's sibling married Ferdinand's sibling, and all four of them used the same last name, Bloch-Bauer. Adele's sibling had two children.

Maria Altmann said her aunt was "rather cold, intellectual woman who was very politically aware and became a socialist. She wasn't happy. It was an arranged marriage but she was childless, after two miscarriages and the death of a baby. I remember her as extremely elegant, tall, dark and thin. She always wore a slinky white dress and used a long, gold cigarette holder."

Bloch-Bauer had parties for artists every week. Gustav Mahler, Richard Strauss and Stefan Zweig came to the parties. Some of the educated people who came to the parties convinced Bloch-Bauer to support the poor and help women have the right to vote.

According to Klimt's website, Bloch-Bauer was his mistress. She is also the only woman he ever painted twice. Adele's husband, Ferdinand Bloch-Bauer, hired Klimt to paint both paintings. Klimt painted "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I" in 1907 and "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II" in 1912. Some artists also think Adele Bloch-Bauer might be the woman in "The Kiss" and "Judith and the Head of Holofernes". The first portrait was a gift from Ferdinand Bloch-Bauer to Adele's parents.

Adele Bloch-Bauer died of meningitis in 1925 when she was 43 years old.

During World War II, the Nazis stole "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I" from Bloch-Bauer's family. It ended up in the Belvedere Gallery.

In "Republic of Austria v. Altmann" in 2004, Adele Bloch-Bauer's niece, Maria Altmann, tried to get the painting back from the Belvedere Gallery. The Supreme Court said the painting was Altmann's. Because Aultmann could not pay for insurance and storage, she sold the painting to Ronald Lauder to put in the Neue Gallery in New York City.

Bloch-Bauer had a large influence on modern art. Also, in 2016, the street Bloch-Bauer Promenade in Vienna was named after her and her husband.

The 2015 movie "Woman in Gold" is about Maria Altmann trying to get the painting back from the Belvedere Gallery. Adele Bloch-Bauer is shown in flashbacks.

Zhongshan Junior High School metro station

Zhongshan Junior High School is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is BR12.

The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Songshan Airport metro station

Songshan Airport is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is BR13.

The station platforms are located underground. This station, along with Dazhi metro station, are the only two statinos on the Wenhu line that are located underground. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Dazhi metro station

Dazhi is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is BR14.

The station platforms are located underground. This station, along with Songshan Airport metro station, are the only two statinos on the Wenhu line that are located underground. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Jiannan Road metro station

Jiannan Road is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR15. When Phase 2 of the Circular line has been completed, the station will become a transfer and terminal station for the Circular Line. The station code of the Circular Line station will be Y32.
The platforms of the Wenhu Line are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo on the Wenhu Line. The Circular line platforms will be accessible in the future through an underground platform.


Xihu metro station

Xihu is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR16. This station is unusual among other stations on the Wenhu line in that the concourse level is located above the platform level.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Gangqian metro station

Gangqian is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR17.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


An Unforgettable Summer

An Unforgettable Summer (; ) is a 1994 Romanian French drama movie directed by Lucian Pintilie and starring Kristin Scott Thomas, Claudiu Bleonț, Olga Tudorache, George Constantin, Ion Pavlescu, Marcel Iureș, Răzvan Vasilescu.

Wende metro station

Wende is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR18.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Neihu metro station

Neihu is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR19.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Dahu Park metro station

Dahu Park is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR20.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Huzhou metro station

Huzhou is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR21.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Donghu metro station

Donghu is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR22.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.


Nangang Software Park metro station

Nangang Software Park is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR23.

The platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.

Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center metro station

Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is a terminal station on the Wenhu Line and the Bannan Line. The station code of the Wenhu Line station is BR24 and the station code of the Circular Line station is BL23.
The platforms of the Wenhu Line are above ground level. Platform 1 is not in service, because Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center is the terminal station. Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
The platforms of the Bannan Line are located underground. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for Dingpu or Far Eastern Hospital.


Microsoft Flight Simulator (2020 video game)

Microsoft Flight Simulator is an amateur flight simulator created by Asobo Studio and published by Xbox Game Studios. It is part of the "Microsoft Flight Simulator" series.

According to review aggregator Metacritic, the simulator received "universal acclaim".

Babak Khorramdin

Babak Khorramdin (; 1974-2021) was an Iranian director and writer who was killed by his parents. His death became a hot topic on the social media and was covered in the news.


Mark Labbett

Mark Andrew Labbett (born 15 August 1965) is a British professional quizzer and television personality. 

He is a "Chaser" on the ITV game show "The Chase", starting in 2009 and from June 2021, as one of the four chasers on ABC's version of "The Chase USA". He previously appeared between 2013 and 2015 on GSN's American version. His nickname of these shows is "The Beast". 

Labbett has appeared as a contestant on several other television quiz shows and is a regular in quizzing competitions.

Labbett was born in Tiverton, England.

Antiphon (music)

In Christian liturgy, an antiphon is the name of a short section, between the cleric, and usually the crowd. These sections are either spoken (the priest asks something, and the crowd gives a predefined answer, also spoken), or they are sung. When they are sung, the often use simple melodies. Antiphons are very old: In the 4th century they were used in what is called Ambrosian chant today. In liturgy, antiphons are not used on their own: the priest or person of the clergy says or chants these, while performing a ritual. In many pieces of church music, the choir (who replaces the crowd) starts singing as a response to an antiphon. 

In more modern forms of church music (such as Gospels, but also traditional African music), there's a tradition of call and response. A lead singer calls something, and the choir responds. 

Antiphon the Sophist

Antiphon was an Ancient Greek philosopher, who lived in the 5th century BC. He is also known as Antiphon of Athens or Antiphon the Sophist, in English. His identity is not known. At the end of the 5th century, there were many people named "Antiphon" in Athens: There was a person that was writer, orator, and politician,called Antiphon the Orator. People do not agree if this was the same person as the philosopher. There was also a poet writing tragedies, a fortune-teller, and a person helping people make sense of their dreams. All of them were called Antiphon. 

Three works are attributed to Antiphon the Sophist
Antiphon was also a mathematician: By inscribing polygons on a circle he was able to give an upper and lower limit for the value of Pi.This was later used when people tried to square the circle.

Gauville, Somme

Gauville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Gézaincourt

Gézaincourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Glisy

Glisy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Gorges, Somme

Gorges is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Goyencourt

Goyencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Antiphon

Antiphon can refer to different concepts, and people:

Grandcourt, Somme

Grandcourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Grand-Laviers

Grand-Laviers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Grébault-Mesnil

Grébault-Mesnil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

20 em 1

20 em 1 (English translation: 20 in 1) is a video game compilation by Tec Toy that has 20 games. It only came out in Brazil, where it came with later versions of the Master System.

Many of the games are action games. Other games are racing or sports games where skateboarding, motocross racing, car racing/driving, roller skating or skiing are done. Trophies are earned when games are completed. The text is in Brazilian Portuguese.

Antiphon the Orator

Antiphon the Orator was a politician who lived in the 5th century BC, in Ancient Greece. He was important in Athenian politics . He was born in 480 BC and died in 411 BC. People also called him Anthiphon of Rhamnus. Even though he was called Antiphon the Orator, which means "person who makes speeches," historians think he did not make the speeches himself. He was a , a person who wrote speeches for other people to make.

Hailles

Hailles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hallencourt

Hallencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hallivillers

Hallivillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Halloy-lès-Pernois

Halloy-lès-Pernois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hallu

Hallu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Le Hamel, Somme

Le Hamel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Zuzu Angel

Zuleika Angel Jones (June 5, 1921 – April 14, 1976), better known as Zuzu Angel, was a Brazilian-American fashion designer. She became famous because she opposed the Brazilian military dictatorship after the forced disappearance of her son, Stuart. She was also the mother of journalist Hildegard Angel.

This dictatorship was backed by the CIA and the US government, at least for some time.

The National Truth Commission was created in 2014, to gather and review information about crimes committed during this dictatorship. A former agent of the dictatorship, called Cláudio Antônio Guerra confirmed that agents of the dictatorship were involved in the death of Angel.

Zuzu Angel was born on June 5, 1921, in Curvelo, Brazil. As a child, she moved to Belo Horizonte, later she lived in Bahia. Bahian culture and colors significantly influenced the style of Angel's creations. In 1947, she went to live in Rio de Janeiro, which was Brazil's capital city at the time.

In the 1950s, Angel began to work as a seamstress. She usually made clothing for close relatives. At the start of the 1970s, she opened a store in Ipanema. At that time, she also started to show her clothes on American catwalks. In her fashion expositions, she always used the joy and richness of the colours of Brazilian culture. This made her well known in the fashion world of her time.

Angel married an American salesman, Norman Angel Jones, and on January 11, 1946, they had a son, Stuart.

Stuart Angel was an undergraduate student at Federal University of Rio de Janeiro's School of Economics when he joined the left-wing urban guerrilla group Revolutionary Movement 8th October ("Movimento Revolucionário 8 de Outubro" – MR-8). His fellow guerrillas gave him the codenames "Paulo" and "Henrique". He married fellow militant Sônia Maria Morais Angel Jones. His wife died in the custody of the military dictatorship's political police.

Officers of the Air Force Information Center ("Centro de Informações da Aeronáutica" – CISA arrested Stuart in the neighborhood of Grajaú, Rio de Janeiro on June 14, 1971. He was then taken under custody to CISA headquarters, where he was reportedly tortured. According to political prisoner Alex Polari, who claimed to have witnessed the incident, Stuart was then tied to the back of a jeep with his mouth glued to the vehicle's exhaust pipe and dragged through the courtyard of the Air Force base. This caused him to die from asphyxiation and carbon monoxide poisoning. His body was never found.

Alex Polari wrote a letter to Zuzu Angel explaining the circumstances of her son's death. Based on Polari's letter and other evidence, Angel reported the murder to Ted Kennedy, who revealed the case during a speech at the United States Senate. Angel also handed a letter to Henry Kissinger, who was Secretary of State of the United States at the time. This letter was a translation of Polari's letter. She also gave Kissinger a copy of the twentieth volume of the book "History of the Brazilian Republic" by Hélio Silva, in which Stuart's death is discussed. According to Silva, among the reactions of the regime to the protests of the American-Brazilian community were the removal and subsequent retirement of Brigadier João Paulo Burnier, who Polari accused of being responsible for Stuart's death. The Minister of the Air Force, Márcio de Sousa Melo was also dismissed.

Zuzu Angel was killed in a car crash on April 14, 1976. The suddenness of her death raised suspicions of government involvement; the case was investigated by the Comissão de Mortos e Desaparecidos Políticos (Commission on Political Deaths and Disappearances), under process number 237/96. This commission found many reasons to doubt the official version of events.

In 2014, the involvement of agents of the military repression regime in Brazil in her death was confirmed. A former agent named Cláudio Antônio Guerra, wrote the book Memories of a Dirty War. In this book he details several crimes in which he took part and he also revealed details about historical events of that time, among them the Riocentro May Day Attack, the death of Zuzu Angel and others.

Cláudio Antônio Guerra was the director of the Department of Political and Social Order, known as DOPS at the time. This department was well-known, because it was often involved in torture, extrajudicial killings and forced disappearance. Guerra said that army Colonel Freddie Perdigão had been present at the scene when the accident happened. Perdigau was a known torturer. In a photo taken at the scene of the accident that killed the stylist, Freddie Perdigão is seen standing close to the car. The photo had been taken on April 14, 1976 and was published on the day of disaster but Perdigão had not been identified in the photo until Guerra identified him to the members of the commission.

Stuart Angel is the patron of Juventude Revolucionária 8 de Outubro, MR-8's youth branch. MR-8 is now a faction of the Brazilian Democratic Movement.

The lyrics of the song "Cálice", written by Chico Buarque and Gilberto Gil make reference tp Stuart's probable death by asphyxiation and carbon monoxide poisoning. In homage to Zuzu Angel, and other mothers who were unable to bury their children, Buarque wrote the song "Angélica" in 1977.

In 2006, the events surrounding Stuart's death were dramatised in the "movie Zuzu Angel", directed by Sérgio Rezende. The movie, in which Daniel de Oliveira plays Stuart, is about Zuzu's struggle to find out the truth of her son's death.

The Tunnel Dois Irmãos, which connects Gávea to São Conrado, the same place where Zuzu's car crashed, was renamed after her.

In 2015, Angel was commemorated on her 94th birthday with a Google Doodle featuring a motif adapted from the prints she used in her designs.


Levitating

"Levitating" is a song by English recording artist Dua Lipa, from her second studio album, "Future Nostalgia" (2020). The song was released as a remix with American rapper DaBaby on October 1, 2020. It was written by Dua Lipa, Sarah Hudson, Clarence Coffee Jr., and KOZ, who produced the song with Stuart Price.

It is a funk and disco-boogie song that runs for three minutes and 24 seconds.

The DaBaby remix of the song has peaked at number one on the Canadian Hot 100 and at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US, tying her peak there with "Don't Start Now". After DaBaby allegedly made homophobic remarks at a concert, his credit was removed from the remix on the Hot 100. 

"Levitating" topped the US year-end Hot 100 for 2021, marking the first time in 20 years that a song that did not reach number one on the weekly chart topped the year-end chart, since Lifehouse's "Hanging by a Moment" in 2001. It also topped the year-end Canadian Hot 100 for 2021. It also became the longest-running song in the top ten by a lead female in "Billboard" history, breaking the record set by LeAnn Rimes' "How Do I Live". It also charted for 65 weeks, the longest-charting song by a female in "Billboard" history.

On November 10, 2023, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) announced that "Levitating" was certified Diamond in the US for shipments and streams equal to 10 million copies sold there.

Dasing

Dasing is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Eurasburg, Swabia

Eurasburg () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Inchenhofen

Inchenhofen (also known as "Leahad" in the local dialect) is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kühbach

Kühbach () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Merching

Merching is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Accident (1976 movie)

Accident is a 1976 Romanian thriller movie directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu (who also stars) and also starring Vladimir Găitan, Emil Hossu, Ernest Maftei, George Mihaita, Amza Pellea, Colea Rautu, Virginia Rogin.

Mering

Mering is a municipality in the district Aichach-Friedberg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Paar.

Obergriesbach

Obergriesbach () is a municipality in Aichach-Friedberg, a district "(Landkreis)" in Swabia. It is located some 22 km from Augsburg.


Bavarian

Bavarian is the adjective for Bavaria, and refers to anything Bavarian, for example: its politics and people.

Bavarian may also refer to:


Petersdorf, Bavaria

Petersdorf () is a municipality in Aichach-Friedberg, a district "(Landkreis)" in Swabia.

Pöttmes

Pöttmes () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Rehling

Rehling () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Marciana Marina

Marciana Marina is a "comune" (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Ried, Bavaria

Ried () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Schiltberg

Schiltberg () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Schmiechen

Schmiechen () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hansi Flick

Hans-Dieter "Hansi" Flick (born 24 February 1965) is a German professional football coach and former player who is the head coach of the Germany national football team. On 17 April 2021, Flick has stated that he wanted to leave Bayern Munich at the end of the season. This was caused by a fallout between Flick and Hasan Salihamidžić.

Bayern Munich

1. FC Köln

Germany (as assistant manager)

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim

Bayern Munich

Individual

Sielenbach

Sielenbach () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.


The Fixer (2016 movie)

The Fixer () is a 2016 Romanian French drama movie directed by Adrian Sitaru and starring Sorin Cocis, Tudor Istodor, Adrian Titieni, Mehdi Nebbou.

Steindorf

Steindorf () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Todtenweis

Todtenweis () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Tamsui–Xinyi line

Tamsui-Xinyi Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan. This line is also called the Red Line. The line connects Xiangshan to Tamsui. You can transfer to the Wenhu Line at Daan, to the Bannan Line at Taipei Main Station, to the Songshan-Xindian Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall or Zhongshan, or you can transfer to the Zhonghe-Xinlu Line at Dongmen or Minquan West Road. When Phase 1 of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line (Light Green Line) is completed in 2025, passengers will be able to transfer to the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall metro station. When Phase 2 of the CIrcular Line has been completed, transfers to the Circular Line can be made at Shilin station.
The line currently consists of 28 stations with station codes from R02 to R28. Station R01 is still under construction, and R22A (Xinbeitou) is located on the branch line from R22 (Beitou.)


Xiangshan metro station

Xiangshan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is R02.
The platforms are located underground. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for Tamsui.


Taipei 101–World Trade Center metro station

Taipei 101/World Trade Center is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is R03.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan.


Xinyi Anhe metro station

Xinyi Anhe is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is R04.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan.


Daan Park metro station

Daan Park is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is R06.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.


Dongmen metro station

Dongmen is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R07 and the station code of the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station is O06.
Both station platforms are located underground. The Tamsui-Xinyi line platforms are stacked on top of each other, which is the same for the Zhonghe-Xinlu line platforms. This allows you to walk straight ahead to the front platform when transferring without having to walk long distances. Platform 1 is served by the Zhonghe-Xinlu line and is for Luzhou or Huilong. Platform 2 is served by the Tamsui-Xinyi line and is for Tamsui or Beitou. Platform 3 is served by the Zhonghe-Xinlu line and is for Nanshijiao. Platform 4 is served by the Tamsui-Xinyi line and is for Xiangshan or Daan.


Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall metro station

Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R08 and the station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G10. When Phase 1 of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line has been completed in 2025, this station will become an interchange station between the three metro lines. The station code of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin line station will be LG01.

Both station platforms are located underground. The Tamsui-Xinyi line platforms are stacked on top of each other, which is the same for the Songshan-Xindian line platforms. This allows you to walk straight ahead to the front platform when transferring without having to walk long distances. Platform 1 is served by the Tamsui-Xinyi line and is for Tamsui or Beitou. Platform 2 is served by the Songshan-Xindian line and is for Songshan. Platform 3 is served by the Tamsui-Xinyi line and is for Xiangshan or Daan. Platform 4 is served by the Songshan-Xindian line and is for Xindian or Taipower Building. When Phase 1 of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin line has been completed, the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin line platforms will be located underground as well. This station will be a terminal station on the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin line.


NTU Hospital metro station

NTU Hospital is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is R09.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.


1999 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1999 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1998–99 season, and the end of the 1999 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was played between the Eastern Conference champion Buffalo Sabres and the Western Conference champion Dallas Stars. It was the 106th year of the Stanley Cup being played for.

Taipei Main Station

Taipei Main Station is a railway and metro station in Taipei, Taiwan. It is served by Taiwan High Speed Rail, the Taiwan Railways Administration, and the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Bannan Lines of the Taipei Metro. The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R10 and the station code of the Bannan line station is BL12. The Taoyuan Airport MRT's Taipei Main Station is also accessible via Taipei Main Station.

The station platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 3 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center or Kunyang. Platform 4 is for Dingpu or Far Eastern Hospital.

Zhongshan metro station

Zhongshan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R11 and the station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G14.

The station platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 3 is for Songshan. Platform 4 is for Xindian or Taipower Building.

Shuanglian metro station

Shuanglian is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is R12.

The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.


Minquan West Road metro station

Minquan West Road is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R13 and the station code of the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station is O11.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan. This is the last underground station on the line to Tamsui.
The station platforms are located underground. Platform 3 is for Luzhou or Huilong and Platform 4 is for Nanshijiao.


Yuanshan metro station

Yuanshan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R14.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan. This is the last station above ground level on the line to Xiangshan.


Jiantan metro station

Jiantan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R15.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.


Shilin metro station

Shilin is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R16.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan. Transfers to the Circular Line will be accessible at this station in the future via an underground platform.

Zhishan metro station

Zhishan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R17.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.





Mingde metro station

Mingde is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R18.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.

Shipai metro station

Shipai is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R19.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.

Qilian metro station

Qilian is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R20.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.

Qiyan metro station

Qiyan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R21.
Qiyan metro station has one exit at the northern side of the station and two exits at the southern side of the station, making a total of 3 exits. The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.


Beitou metro station

Beitou is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R22. The Xinbeitou branch line connects here and connects to Xinbeitou.
The station platforms are above ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan. Platform 3 is for Daan and Platform 4 is for Xinbeitou.


Fuxinggang metro station

Fuxinggang is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R23.
The station platforms are at ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan. This is the last station at ground level on the line to Xiangshan.

Zhongyi metro station

Zhongyi is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R24.
The station platforms are at ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan.

Guandu metro station

Guandu is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R25.
The station platforms are at ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan. This is the last station at ground level on the line to Xiangshan.

Zhuwei metro station

Zhuwei is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R26.
The station platforms are at ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan.

2021–22 UEFA Champions League knockout phase

The 2021–22 UEFA Champions League knockout phase began on 15 February with the round of 16 and will end on 28 May 2022 with the final at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, France, to decide the champions of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League. A total of 16 teams compete in the knockout phase.

Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).

The knockout phase involves the 16 teams which qualified as winners and runners-up of each of the eight groups in the group stage.

The schedule is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).

<section begin=Bracket /><section end=Bracket />

<section begin=R16 />
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 13 December 2021, originally at 12:00 CET. The draw featured multiple irregularities: Manchester United were mistakenly included in the draw for Villarreal's opponent (both were in Group F), and subsequently were selected; another ball was then drawn, with Manchester City chosen instead. In the following tie, Liverpool were mistakenly included in the draw for Atlético Madrid's opponent (both were in Group B), while Manchester United were incorrectly excluded. Later that day, UEFA voided the original draw due to a "technical problem" with the draw computer, and it was entirely redone at 15:00 CET.<section end=R16 />

The round of 16 ties were initially drawn (and later voided) as follows:

<section begin=R16 />
The first legs were played on 15, 16, 22 and 23 February, and the second legs were played on 8, 9, 15 and 16 March 2022.

"Bayern Munich won 8–2 on aggregate."

"Manchester City won 5–0 on aggregate."

"Benfica won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Chelsea won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Atlético Madrid won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Villarreal won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Real Madrid won 3–2 on aggregate."

<section begin=QF />
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 18 March 2022, 12:00 CET.<section end=QF />

<section begin=QF />
The first legs were played on 5 and 6 April, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 April 2022.

"Real Madrid won 5–4 on aggregate."

"Manchester City won 1–0 on aggregate."

"Villarreal won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 6–4 on aggregate."

<section begin=SF />
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 18 March 2022, 12:00 CET, after the quarter-final draw.<section end=SF />

<section begin=SF />
The first legs were played on 26 and 27 April, and the second legs were played on 3 and 4 May 2022.

"Real Madrid won 6–5 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 5–2 on aggregate."

<section begin=F />
The final will be played on 28 May 2022 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis. A draw was held on 18 March 2022, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes.
<section end=F />

Hongshulin station

Hongshulin is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R27. This station is also the terminal station for the Danhai light rail.
The station platforms are at ground level. Platform 1 is for Tamsui and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan. This is the last station at ground level on the line to Tamsui.

Tamsui metro station

Tamsui is the terminal metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R28.
The station platforms are above ground level. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for Xiangshan.

Xinbeitou metro station

Xinbeitou is a metro station on the Xinbeitou branch line of the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is R22A.
The station platforms are above ground level. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for Beitou, but Platform 2 is a backup platform.

Guangci–Fengtian Temple metro station

Guangci/Fengtian Temple is an under construction metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2022 and the station code will be R01.

The station platforms will be located underground. Both Platforms 1 and 2 will be for Tamsui.

Vilseck

Vilseck is a town in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district ("Landkreis") in the Upper Palatinate. It is on the river Vils, which is a tributary of the Naab river.


Birgland

Birgland is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Songshan–Xindian line

Songshan-Xindian Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan. This line is also called the Green Line. The line connects Xindian to Songshan. You can transfer to the Wenhu Line at Nanjing Fuxing, to the Bannan Line at Ximen, to the Tamsui-Xinyi Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall or Zhongshan, to the Zhonghe-Xinlu Line at Guting or Songjiang Nanjing, or to the Circular Line at Dapinglin station. When Phase 1 of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line (Light Green Line) is completed in 2025, passengers will be able to transfer to the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall metro station.
The line currently consists of 20 stations with station codes from G01 to G19. Station G03A (Xiaobitan) is located on the branch line from G03 (Qizhang.)


Illschwang

Illschwang is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Xindian metro station

Xindian is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is G01.
The platforms are located underground. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for Songshan.

Xindian District Office metro station

Xindian District Office is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is G02.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian.

Qizhang metro station

Qizhang is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of this station is G03.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is both for Songshan and a termination platform for trains from Xiaobitan. Platform 2 is for Xindian or Xiaobitan.

Dapinglin metro station

Dapinglin is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line and Circular Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The Songshan-Xindian line station code is G04 and the Circular line station code is Y07.

The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian.
This is currently the only underground station on the Circular line. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for New Taipei Industrial Park.


Jingmei metro station

Jingmei is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G05.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian.

Wanlong metro station

Wanlong is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G06.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian.


Gongguan metro station

Gongguan is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G07.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian.


Taipower Building metro station

Taipower Building is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G08.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan. Platform 2 can be for Xindian or it can also be a termination platform for trains from Songshan.


Dance Dance Revolution: Disney Channel Edition

Dance Dance Revolution Disney Channel Edition is a home version of "Dance Dance Revolution" released in the United States. It was released by Konami on January 8, 2008 for the PlayStation 2 video game console. Unlike other "Dance Dance Revolution" games, it was developed by Keen Games and not directly by Konami. It is the 4th Disney themed "DDR" game.

Core gameplay remains mostly the same on "Disney Channel Edition". However, the songlist consists mostly of songs from Disney Channel programming, including songs from "Hannah Montana", "The Cheetah Girls", "High School Musical", "That's So Raven", "Kim Possible" and "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".

All Disney Channel songs are covers.



Unlike other DDR games, all of the characters selectable on "Disney Channel Edition" are from the aforementioned shows.


Each character has two outfits available, Hannah Montana's secondary costume changes her to her true self, Miley Stewart.

Yukio Miya

Yukio Miya (宮ユキオ, "Miya Yukio", November 16, 1937; Yokohama - October 29, 2013 {age 75}; Tokyo) is a Japanese musician and songwriter. He is remembered as the band leader and drummer for The Jaguars, Japan's most popular band group during the 1960s. His birth name is Minoru Tanaka (田中稔, "Tanaka Minoru").

After leaving The Jaguars in March 1968 after an argument with the music directors over his poorly songwriting, he formed "Yukio Miya and the New Jaguars". After the dissolution of The New Jaguars, Miya ran a pub restaurant "MIYA" in Shibuya, Tokyo. In 1981, Miya reunited with his fellow band members of The Jaguars after 13 years of leaving the group. In 2009, due to the death of Shin Okamoto, he stopped working the band and return to his pub. He died at the in Tokyo from lung cancer. He was 75 years old.

Guting metro station

Guting is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G09 and the station code of the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station is O05.
Both station platforms are located underground. The Songshan-Xindian line platforms are stacked on top of each other, which is the same for the Zhonghe-Xinlu line platforms. This allows you to walk straight ahead to the front platform when transferring without having to walk long distances. Platform 1 is served by the Songshan-Xindian line and is for Songshan. Platform 2 is served by the Zhonghe-Xinlu line and is for Luzhou or Huilong. Platform 3 is served by the Songshan-Xindian line and is for Xindian or Taipower Building. Platform 4 is served by the Zhonghe-Xinlu line and is for Nanshijiao.


Xiaonanmen metro station

Xiaonanmen is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G11.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan. Platform 2 is for Xindian or Taipower Building.


Kongbam

Kongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Kongkham

Kongkham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Konjengbam

Konjengbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Laikangbam

Laikangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Laikhuram

Laikhuram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ximen metro station

Ximen is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line and Bannan Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G12 and the station code of the Bannan line station is BL11.
Both station platforms are located underground. The Songshan-Xindian line platforms are stacked on top of each other, which is the same for the Bannan line platforms. This allows you to walk straight ahead to the front platform when transferring without having to walk long distances. Platform 1 is served by the Bannan line and is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center or Kunyang. Platform 2 is served by the Songshan-Xindian line and is for Songshan. Platform 3 is served by the Bannan line and is for Dingpu or Far Eastern Hospital. Platform 4 is served by the Songshan-Xindian line and is for Xindian or Taipower Building.

Beimen metro station

Beimen is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G13. Taipei Main Station of the Taoyuan Airport MRT is also accessible from here.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian or Taipower Building.


Songjiang Nanjing metro station

Songjiang Nanjing is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The Songshan-Xindian line station code is G15 and the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station code is O08.

The platforms are located underground. Platform 3 is for Songshan and Platform 4 is for Xindian.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Luzhou or Huilong and Platform 2 is for Nanshijiao.


Taipei Arena metro station

Taipei Arena is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G17.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan. Platform 2 is for Xindian or Taipower Building.


Nanjing Sanmin metro station

Nanjing Sanmin is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G18.
The platforms are located underground. Platform 1 is for Songshan. Platform 2 is for Xindian or Taipower Building.


Songshan station

Songshan is a metro and railway station served by the Songshan-Xindian Line of the Taipei Metro and the Taiwan Railways Administration in Taipei, Taiwan. The metro station code is G19.
The platforms are located underground. Both Platforms 1 and 2 are for Xindian or Taipower Building.

Xiaobitan metro station

Xiaobitan is a terminal station of the Xiaobitan branch line on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The station code is G03A.
The platforms are located above ground level. Platform 1, the only platform of the station, is for Qizhang.

Porto Azzurro

Porto Azzurro is a "comune" (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Sassetta

Sassetta is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Hollenbach

Hollenbach () is a municipality in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Bavaria in Germany.


Rio Marina

Rio Marina is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Rio, on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Rio nell'Elba

Rio nell'Elba is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Rio, on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Rio, Italy

Rio is a "comune" (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former municipalities of Rio Marina and Rio nell'Elba.

Marciana

Marciana is a "comune" (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Portoferraio

Portoferraio is an Italian town in Tuscany, on the island of Elba. Portoferraio is in the Province of Livorno. It has 11,918 people.

San Vincenzo, Tuscany

San Vincenzo is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Suvereto

Suvereto is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Evolution of plants

Plants have a history even longer than animals, because animal life is based on eating plants. Plants evolved before animals. The first plants were cyanobacteria which formed stromatolites. However, this article deals with plants as understood by most people. Their history starts in the Silurian period, about 430 million years ago (mya).

Evidence of the earliest land plants is about 470 mya, in Ordovician rocks from Saudi Arabia, and Gondwana. 

In the Devonian of ~370 mya, some spore plants such as "Archaeopteris" had secondary vascular tissue which produced wood and had formed forests of tall trees. Also by this time "Elkinsia", an early seed fern, had evolved seeds.

The order in which tree-like land plants evolved is this:


PageCloud

PageCloud is a software as a service, cloud-based web development platform and which enable drag and drop website builder.

PageCloud was founded by Craig Fitzpatrick in 2014 and officially launched in May 2015 by at TechCrunch Disrupt. Fitzpatrick founded the initial software after the sale of previous startup Source Metrics, where he became so reluctant with how difficult it was to build and run a website.

PageCloud is involved in designing companies who need websites with less than 30 pages. They have templates and a drag and drop HTML website builder that such as apps, graphics, image galleries, fonts, and many more.


Rahama Sadau

Rahama Sadau (born 7 December 1993) is a Nigerian actress and filmmaker. She was born and raised in Kaduna. 

Sadau holds bachelor's degree in Human Resource Management at school of Business and Finance of Eastern Mediterranean University in Northern Cyprus.

Sadau began her career at Kannywood movie industry through Ali Nuhu. She played a few minor roles before gaining fame from her performance in "Gani ga Wane" alongside the Kannywood actor Ali Nuhu. Within a short time, she emerges as one of shining star in Kannywood. She was accused of having romantic music video with a one singer called Classiq where she was ban to perform any film, but later removed the ban.


Greg Evans (television host)

Greg Evans (born 17 April 1953) is an Australian radio and television presenter.

Ali Nuhu

Ali Nuhu Mohammed (born 15 March 1974) is a Nigerian actor and director in most kannywood film. He acts in Hausa and English movies. 

Nuhu holds a Bachelors of art degree geography from the University of Jos. He also attended University of Southern California for a course in film production and cinematic arts.

Lehman Brothers

Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. was an American and global banking company. It was founded in 1847 in Montgomery, Alabama. Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States. It had almost 25,000 employees across the world. It did business in investment banking, private equity, fixed-income, research and private banking. Lehman was in operation until it collapsed in 2008.

On September 15, 2008, Lehman filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest in United States history. It was thought to have played a strong role in the financial crisis of 2007–2008. The market collapse gave support to the famous "too big to fail doctrine.

Just after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, global markets went down rapidly. A day later, Barclays announced its agreement to buy Lehman's North American investment banking and trading divisions along with its New York City headquarters building.

Bala Mohammed

Bala Mohammed (born 5 October 1958) is Nigerian politician, senator, minister, and the current Governor of Bauchi State. 

Cracker Barrel

The Cracker Barrel is an American chain of restaurant and gift stores. They have a Southern country theme. The company was founded 1969 in Lebanon, Tennessee. The chain's stores were at first near Interstate Highway exits in the Southeastern and Midwestern United States. They expanded across the country in the 1990s and 2000s. 

The menu of Cracker Barrel is based on Southern cuisine. It also has an appearance and decor designed to look similar to an old-fashioned general store.

"Destinations" magazine presented the chain with awards for best chain restaurant. In 2010 and 2011 the Zagat survey named it the Best Restaurant. 

Perkins Restaurant &amp; Bakery

Perkins Restaurant & Bakery is an American restaurant chain. It has breakfast all day long. It also has a bakery selling pastries.

The Perkins chain was established in 1957. One year later, the chain expanded as a franchise. Its name then was the Perkins Pancake House. Thirty years later, the restaurant name was changed to Perkins Family Restaurants.

In 2006, Perkins took over the Marie Callender's restaurants. The restaurant chain's name was then changed to Perkins & Marie Callender's.

The Nightingale's Prayer

The Nightingale's Prayer (, translit. "Doaa al-Karawan" ; also called "The Curlew's Cry") is a 1959 Egyptian romantic drama movie directed by Henry Barakat and was based on the novel by Taha Hussein. It stars Faten Hamama, Ahmed Mazhar, Ragaa Al Geddawy, Amina Rizk, Mimi Chakib, Zahrat El-Ola.

Immortal Song (movie)

Immortal Song (, translit. "Lahn al-Kholood") is a 1952 Egyptian romantic drama movie directed by Henry Barakat and starring Farid Al Atrache, Faten Hamama, Magda, Seraj Munir, Salah Nazmi, Madiha Yousri.

Dendropsophus branneri

Dendropsophus branneri is a frog that lives in Brazil.

In the Alleys of Love

In the Alleys of Love (, "Dar Koocheha-ye Eshgh") is a 1991 Iranian war movie directed by Khosrow Sinai and starring Mehdi Ahmadi, Yousef Jokar, Bahram Zandi, Levon Haftvan, Hamid Farokhnezhad, Mohammad Ebrahim Jafari.

The Sin (1965 movie)

The Sin (, translit. "Al Haram") is a 1965 Egyptian drama movie directed by Henry Barakat and is based on the novel of the same name by Yusuf Idris. It stars Faten Hamama, Zaki Rostom, Abdullah Gaith and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Hamelet

Hamelet is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hangard

Hangard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hangest-en-Santerre

Hangest-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Harbonnières

Harbonnières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hardecourt-aux-Bois

Hardecourt-aux-Bois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Harponville

Harponville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hattencourt

Hattencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hautvillers-Ouville

Hautvillers-Ouville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Havernas

Havernas is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Faygate

Faygate is a village in the Horsham district of West Sussex, England. It is on the A264 road. It is 3.4 miles (5.4 km) south west of Crawley. It has a railway station on the Arun Valley Line. The village is in the green belt between Crawley and Horsham.

The name Faygate was first recorded in 1614.

Hébécourt, Somme

Hébécourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Longueville, Lot-et-Garonne

Longueville is a commune of 366 people (2018). It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwest France.

Ebermannsdorf

Ebermannsdorf is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Edelsfeld

Edelsfeld is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Laiphrakpam

Laiphrakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Archery World Cup

The Archery World Cup is a competition, started in 2006, organized by the World Archery Federation.


Lairenjam

Lairenjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Lairenlakpam

Lairenlakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Shin Okamoto

Shin Okamoto (岡本信, "Okamoto Shin", April 20, 1949; - April 19, 2009 [age 59]; ) is a Japanese musician and lead vocalist for The Jaguars. He became famous through music and of course, the 1968 Japanese musical comedy adventure film, Make Way For The Jaguars (directed and written by Yôichi Maeda; produced by )

Born in the Kanagawa Prefecture in on April 20, 1949, Shin's birth name was Katsutaro Okamura (岡村勝太郎, "Okamura Katsutarō"). In 1964 at the age of 16, Shin joined The Play Five with Yukio Miya, which was created and became a lead vocalist. In 1967, when Yukio Miya and The Play Five changed their group name to "The Jaguars", they made their debut with "Want You See Again (君に会いたい, "Kiminiaitai")" at .

After the band dissolved in 1971, Shin became a solo singer and retired in 1973. After that, he continued his musical carrer in a band with Paul Daigenji and others, and while he was active as an actor, Shin also ran a high-class membership club in . With the reunion of original band in 1981, he was energetically performing live stage and TV appearances. Shin even joined the Tigers Memorial Club Band in 1988. On April 19, 2009, one day before his 60th birthday, an acquaintance woman was found his dead body in a bathtub in his apartment in Atsugi. It was not incidental, and it was subsequently determined that he had heart failure while taking a bath. According to psychiatrist and former member of the Osamu Kitayama, confirmed to the news article that Shin did in fact died from a heart failure. He was 59 years old at the time of his death, one day before he was 60. 

According to Hisayuki Okitsu, a member guitarist of The Jaguars who has been friend with Shin for more than 40 years, Shin Okamoto has been battling with illness for the past few years, including repeated hospitalizations and discharges due to poor pancreas. He also suffered from two months before his death. His last TV appearance was "BS Eternal Music Complete Works-Group Sounds Complete Works-" (aired on BS 2 Television), which was broadcast on February 27, 2009, 3 months before he died. Shin Okamoto appeared solo on this program and sang "Want To See Again." The Ameba Blog was newly established on March 8, 2009, and the first entry was on April 21, 2009, and the obituary article of the person himself became the first article.

On May 20, 2009, a funeral was held in , and Shin Okamoto said in his final words to Dr. Kitayama at the hospital, "I want to send a message with my music companions on August 13" from a member of The Jaguars at this seat. It was announced that a music funeral will be held on August 13, 2009.

Lairikyengbam

Lairikyengbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Laishangbam

Laishangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Laishram

Laishram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Koichi Miyazaki

Koichi Miyazaki (宮崎こういち, "Miyazaki Koichi", October 20, 1942; - September 30, 2014 [age 71], ) is a Japanese musician and side guitarist for The Jaguars, Japan's most popular Group Sound band during the 1960s. His birth name was Koichiro Miyazaki (̠宮崎紘一郎, "Miyazaki Kōichirō"). 

Miyazaki participated in the"The Jaguars" reunion event in 1981. In 2009, due to the death of Shin Okamoto, he stopped working for the band. Currently, he runs the izakaya "Tsuta" in . Miyazaki died in Akishima. He was 71 years old.

Laithangbam

Laithangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mikio Morita

Mikio Morita (森田巳木夫, "Morita Mikio", June 16, 1944 [age 77]; - ) is a Japanese musician and bass guitarist for The Jaguars. 

After the dissolution of The Jaguars, he worked as a manager at his office (Echo Pro). Morita even participated in the reunion of "The Jaguars" in 1981. In 2009, due to the death of Shin Okamoto, he stopped working for the group. Currently, Morita has retired from the entertainment world and is working at a company, but he appears irregularly in live houses.

Laitonjam

Laitonjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Lambalmayum

Lambalmayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Langpoklakpam

Langpoklakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leimajam

Leimajam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leimapokpam

Leimapokpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leiphrakpam

Leiphrakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leishangbam

Leishangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leishangthem

Leishangthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leitam

Leitam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Leitanthem

Leitanthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Lisham

Lisham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yasuji Sato

Yasuji Sato (佐藤安治, May 13, 1946; Miyagi Prefecture - March 10, 2021 [age 75]; Fukushima) is a Japanese keyboardist and piano player for The Jaguars.

Sato Participated in The Jaguars reunion event in 1981. (Participation only in the initial stage) Currently, he runs a restaurant in the Fukushima Prefecture. The store is quite large, and he sometimes plays the electone himself, and the customers are enjoying it. On March 20, 2021, Sato died from bronchiectasis at the age of 75. His funeral has held by his fellow Jaguars members and his family in Iizaka, Fukushima.

Loitongbam

Loitongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Loktongbam

Loktongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Longjam

Longjam is a surname or family name of Meitei people. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Lourembam

Lourembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Lousigam

Lousigam (Lousikam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Takeshi Hamano

Takeshi Hamano (浜野たけし, "Hamano Takeshi", April 26, 1949 [age 72]; Shikoku) is a Japanese writer and musician. He became drummer for Yukio Miya (who he left the band after an argument with the music directors) and was about younger than Shin Okamoto, whom he was born on April 20th and lead member of The Jaguars. 

Hamano joined the the group as a drummer after Yukio Miya left in April 1968. In 1970, a mischievous fire broke out in his apartment, which caused him to leave the group and retire from the entertainment world.

Lukram

Lukram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Maharabam

Maharabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Maibam

Maibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Maibram

Maibram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Maikam

Maikam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Maimom

Maimom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mainam

Mainam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mairembam

Mairembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Maitham

Maitham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mandingbam

Mandingbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mayangbam

Mayangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mayanglambam

Mayanglambam is a Meetei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.
During the era of King Samuroiba Ningthou, the temple dedicated to God Khamlangba was built in Kakching Khullen. The temple was maintained by the Mayanglambam family.

Mayengbam

Mayengbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Meinam

Meinam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Meitram

Meitram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Moirangmayum

Moirangmayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Moirangthem

Moirangthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mudum

Mudum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Murtum

Murtum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mutum

Mutum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Hédauville

Hédauville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Chernivtsi

Chernivtsi () is a city in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Chernivtsi Oblast. In 2020, 267,060 people lived there.

Ivano-Frankivsk

Ivano-Frankivsk () is a city in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast. In 2020, 237,686 people lived there.

Kiss Me More

"Kiss Me More" is a song by American recording artist Doja Cat featuring American singer SZA, from Doja's third studio album, "Planet Her" (2021). It was released on April 9, 2021, through RCA Records and Kemosabe Records. It was written by Doja Cat, SZA, Dr. Luke, Carter Lang, Gerard A. Powell II, David Sprecher, Stephen Kipner, Terry Shaddick, and Rogét Chahayed, while Chahayed produced the song with Yeti Beats. The song samples "Physical" by English-Australian singer Olivia Newton-John (1981).

The song has peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US.

Jan Kubelík

Jan Kubelík (July 5, 1880 – December 5, 1940) was a Czech violinist and composer

His father discovered his talent when he was five years old, and sent him to study with Karel Weber and Karel Ondříček. When he was eight, he began to study at the Prague Conservatory, and his professor was Otakar Ševčík. After 1898 he toured as a soloist and soon became known for his virtuosity, impeccable intonation and his full and noble tone.

He achieved great success with his debuts in Vienna and London, and toured in the USA for the first time in 1901. Later, in the 1901-02 season, Kubelik made his first appearance with the Royal Philharmonic Society of London. In 1902 he was awarded the Society's Gold Medal (succeeding Eugène Ysaÿe).

In 1903 he married Countess Anna Julie Marie Széll von Bessenyö, niece of the former Prime Minister of Hungary, Kálmán Széll. They had eight children together; among their children is the conductor and composer Rafael Kubelík.

Kubelík played a Stradivarius violin from 1715.

He died in Prague on December 5, 1940 at the age of 60.

Creola, Louisiana

Creola is a village in Grant Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dry Prong, Louisiana

Dry Prong is a village in Grant Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Georgetown, Louisiana

Georgetown is a village in Grant Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cotton Valley, Louisiana

Cotton Valley is a town in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cullen, Louisiana

Cullen is a town in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Sibley, Louisiana

Sibley is a town in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dispur

Dispur is the capital city of the Indian state of Assam. In 2010, 9,829 people lived there.

Agartala

Agartala is the capital city of the Indian state of Tripura. In 2011, it has about 400,000 inhabitants.

Ensdorf, Bavaria

Ensdorf is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Etzelwang

Etzelwang is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Neukirchen bei Sulzbach-Rosenberg

Neukirchen bei Sulzbach-Rosenberg (Bavarian: "Neikira bei Sulzboch-Rosenberg") is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Guillon-Terre-Plaine

Guillon-Terre-Plaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Yonne department in central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Guillon (the seat), Cisery, Sceaux, Trévilly and Vignes.


Portugal national under-21 football team

The Portugal national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Portugal. It is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). They are nicknamed ""Esperanças,"" which means hope, as they are Portugal's hopes for the future.

Note: "Club(s)" represents the clubs during the player's time in the Under-21s.

Note: "Club(s)" represents the clubs during the player's time in the Under-21s.



Glère

Glère is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montancy

Montancy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Hippolyte, Doubs

Saint-Hippolyte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montandon

Montandon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

In America (movie)

In America is a 2002 Irish British American drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and starring Paddy Considine, Samantha Morton, Sarah Bolger, Djimon Hounsou. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 2004.


Nahakpam

Nahakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Nameirakpam

Nameirakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Nandeibam

Nandeibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Naorem

Naorem is a Meetei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.
During the era of King Samuroiba Ningthou, the Naorem clan built a temple dedicated to God Khamlangba at Kakching Wairi. The holy shrine was looked after by the Naorem family.

Naoroibam

Naoroibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Grid Network (company)

Grid Network previously known as Gramedia Majalah ("Gramedia Magazine") is an Indonesian company, and as a part o Kompas Gramedia Group. Contains: news, lifestyle, and entertainment to tens of million readers in Indonesia. And also "Grid Network" brings back comic publishing, such as m&c! Comics and Elex Media Komputindo it has previously as a part of "Gramedia Publishers".

Official Website of Grid Network

Nepram

Nepram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ngairangbam

Ngairangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ngangbam

Ngangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ngangom

Ngangom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ngasekpam

Ngasekpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ngasepam

Ngasepam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ningombam

Ningombam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ningthoujam

Ningthoujam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ningthoukhongjam

Ningthoukhongjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Nongmaithem

Nongmaithem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India. Nongmaithem surname belongs to Angom clan in Meiteis , one of the seven clans in Manipur.

Nongmeikapam

Nongmeikapam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Nongthombam

Nongthombam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Okram

Okram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khwairakpam

Khwairakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Eggerland Episode 0: Quest of Rara

This game features much more advanced graphics than the previous Eggerland games. Most of them came out on home consoles that could only do graphics less advanced than most personal computers can do.

The game is saved instead of using passwords, making it easier for players to continue from where they were.

A new object called a Crystal Framer was added. It can be pushed, as can an Emerald Framer, and it blocks enemy movements and shots. However, when "Rara", known as Lala outside of Japan, shoots a shot, it is reflected clockwise or counter-clockwise, depending on the type of Crystal Framer, allowing her to put monsters such as Medusas or Don Medusas in eggs.

The game can be used to make level maps using "Construct Mode". All of the enemies, options and the terrains and their music that are available in the main game are available. These files are saved as "CONSTRUCT.TXT", and can be emailed to friends. They can also be shared online, which is normal in many Eggerland communities. Eggerland for Windows 95 and Revival! Eggerland haVE more available terrains and music files, but all releases can load the same files. However, "Eggerland 0" does not show their new terrain objects.

"CONSTRUCT.TXT" is played by default. If it is named "EGGLAND1.MAP" (for "Eggerland for Windows 95"/"Revival! Eggerland") or "EGGLAND0.MAP" (for "Episode 0") instead, custom maps can be played by selecting "New Game". Playing a custom map as a .MAP file instead of a .TXT file allows progress to be saved at any time, which is mainly helpful for long and difficult maps. However, the game's original file must be changed to something else, such as "EGGLAND1.ORIGINAL.MAP", to not overwrite the file.

Pangambam

Pangambam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Pangshatabam

Pangshatabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Paonam

Paonam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.


Pebam

Pebam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Phamdom

Phamdom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Phanjoubam

Phanjoubam (Fanjoubam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Pharembam

Pharembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Pheiroijam

Pheiroijam (Feiroijam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Phijam

Phijam (Fijam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Auto Modelista

Auto Modellista () is a arcade racing video game, for PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube. It was developed by Capcom Studio 1, and published by Capcom.

"Auto Modellista" marked itself apart from others of the same genre genre, with cel-shaded graphics, which gave a hand-drawn and cartoon-like appearance. The gameplay was similiar to Gran Turismo, with the player picking a vehicle, then changing some costumized and race style type. There are six tracks, such as Suzuka Circuit, and the Mt. Akagi mountain pass.
After poor initial reception, Capcom modified for the North America releases in 2003 called Auto Modellista: US Tuned (re-released Japanese version). This version featured American cars, like Dodge Viper, two new oval tracks, various UI improvements and a new handling model, that saw cars move slower and lose more speed turns.
Also at the same year, "Auto Modellista" received a follow up in the group of "Group S Challenge" for the Xbox home console. And the game also included from other Capcom games, such as "Mega Man Battle & Chase", a racing video game based on "Mega Man" series, in the "Mega Man X Collection".


Phirem

Phirem (Philem) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Phurem

Phurem (Phulem) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Phuritsabam

Phuritsabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur and Assam, India.

Pichimayum

Pichimayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Potshangbam

Potshangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Pukhrambam

Pukhrambam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Miesbach

Miesbach is a town in the German state of Bavaria. It is the capital of the district of Miesbach.


Tegernsee

Tegernsee is a town in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It is on the shore of Lake Tegernsee.


Bayrischzell

Bayrischzell is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Måneskin

Måneskin (, ; ) is an Italian rock band from Rome.

The group has lead vocalist Damiano David, bassist Victoria De Angelis, guitarist Thomas Raggi, and drummer Ethan Torchio.

The band rose to fame after ending up second in the eleventh season of the Italian talent show "X Factor" in 2017. 

The band won the Sanremo Music Festival 2021 and the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 as the Italian representative with the song "Zitti e buoni".

Fischbachau

Fischbachau is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Zitti e buoni

"Zitti e buoni" (; ) is a song by Italian rock band Måneskin. The song won the Sanremo Music Festival and the Eurovision Song Contest 2021.

Roman Protasevich

Roman Dmitriyevich Protasevich or Raman Dzmitryevich Pratasevich (; ; born 5 May 1995) is a Belarusian journalist and opposition activist. He was born in Minsk, Belarus.

As of 2020, Protasevich ran the Telegram channel together with its co-creator Sciapan Pucila (Stepan Putilo). In August 2020, after Belarusian authorities tried to censor internet access during the 2020 presidential election.

On 23 May 2021, Ryanair Flight 4978 (Athens–Vilnius) with Protasevich on board, was forced to land by a Belarusian fighter jet and diverted by Belarusian air traffic control to Minsk National Airport.

On 24 May 2021, nine organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a statement together. It said that he is a political prisoner. On 31 May 2021, support for the political prisoner was undertaken by Cem Özdemir, a member of the Bundestag.

On 3 May 2023, Protasevich was sentenced to eight years in prison. However, on 22 May 2023, it was reported that Protasevich had been pardoned. His pardon was confirmed the next day and Protasevich was released from custody.

Ryanair Flight 4978

Ryanair Flight 4978 was an international scheduled passenger flight from Athens International Airport, Greece, to Vilnius Airport, Lithuania. On 23 May 2021, explosives were falsely reported on board the aircraft as it neared Lithuanian airspace. The aircraft was forced to land by a Belarusian fighter jet when it was over Belarusian airspace. It landed at Minsk National Airport, on the orders of Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. 

Once the aircraft was on the ground, two of its passengers, opposition activist and journalist Roman Protasevich and his girlfriend Sofia Sapega were arrested.

On August 9, 2021, head of the Minsk National Airport Vyacheslav Khoroneko was put in the of the USA. He got a punishment as a person who made it possible to land the flight there.

Minsk National Airport

Minsk National Airport (formerly known as Minsk-2) (, ; ) is the main international airport in Belarus, located 42 km (26 mi) to the east of the capital Minsk, geographically lying in the territory of .

On August 9, 2021, head of the airport Vyacheslav Khoroneko was put in the of the USA. He got a punishment as a person who made it possible to land Ryanair Flight 4978 at the airport on May 23, 2021.

Jorge Larrañaga

Jorge Washington Larrañaga Fraga (8 August 1956 – 22 May 2021) was an Uruguayan politician. He was a member of the National Party (PN). He was Minister of the Interior from 1 March 2020 until his death during the Luis Lacalle Pou administration. He was a Senator between 2000 and 2020. Larrañaga was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Larrañaga ran for President of Uruguay four times in 2004, 2009, 2014 and 2019.

Larrañaga died of a heart attack in Montevideo on 22 May 2021, aged 64.

Cristóbal Halffter

Cristóbal Halffter Jiménez-Encina (24 March 1930 – 23 May 2021) was a Spanish classical composer and conductor. He was the nephew of two other composers, Rodolfo and Ernesto Halffter. He was seen as the most important Spanish composer of the generation of composers during the Generación del 51. He was born in Madrid.

During the 1960s and 1970s, Halffter composed a number of works relating to human rights, including the 1968 choral work "Yes, speak out, yes". He was awarded Spain's highest award for composition, the Premio Nacional de Música, in 1989.

Halffter died on 23 May 2021 in Villafranca del Bierzo, Spain at the age of 91.

Villafranca del Bierzo

Villafranca del Bierzo () is a village and municipality in the comarca of El Bierzo, in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.

Gmund am Tegernsee

Gmund am Tegernsee is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Ron Hill

Ronald Hill MBE (25 September 1938 – 23 May 2021) was a British runner. He was the second man to break 2:10 in the marathon; he set world records at four other distances, but never won the marathon world record. 

He ran two Olympic Marathons (Tokyo 1964 and Munich 1972). In 1970, Hill won the 74th Boston Marathon.

Hill died on 23 May 2021, at the age of 82.

Jill Hennessy

Jillian Noel Hennessy (born November 25, 1968) is a Canadian actress and singer. She is most known for her roles on the American television series "Law & Order, car accident attorney" ad Claire Kincaid for three seasons and "Crossing Jordan" as Jordan Cavanaugh for six seasons.


Hausham

Hausham is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Schliersee

Schliersee is a market town in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It is named after the nearby Lake Schliersee.


Dirty Harry (movie series)

Dirty Harry is an American action movie series about San Francisco Police Department Homicide Division Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan who is known for his unorthodox, violent and ruthless methods against the criminals and killers. Actor Clint Eastwood has played Callahan in all five of the series' movies and directed the fourth one.


Harry Callahan (character)

Inspector Harold Francis Callahan (born August 3, 1928), nicknamed Dirty Harry, is a fictional character and hero of the "Dirty Harry" movie series. The character has appeared in "Dirty Harry" (1971), "Magnum Force" (1973), "The Enforcer" (1976), "Sudden Impact" (1983), and "The Dead Pool" (1988). Callahan is played by Clint Eastwood in each movie.

Callahan became known as a new kind of cop: an antihero who does not stop to cross professional boundaries in pursuit of his own vision of justice.

All of the "Dirty Harry" movies show Callahan killing criminals, mostly in gunfights.

Harry Callahan was voted number 23 by "Empire" Magazine on their list of "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters". Callahan was voted the 17th greatest movie hero on "100 Years... 100 Heroes and Villains".

Sadokpam

Sadokpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sagolsem

Sagolsem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Salam (surname)

Salam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Samjetsabam

Samjetsabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Samom

Samom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sanasam

Sanasam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sandam

Sandam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sandham

Sandham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sapam

Sapam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sarangthem

Sarangthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sarungbam

Sarungbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Senjam

Senjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Seram

Seram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Shaikhom

Shaikhom (Saikhom) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Oleksii Prokhorenko

Oleksii Prokhorenko (; 6 March 1985, Kyiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur and business strategist. Founder & CEO of GT Invest. Member of the board at Ukrprompostach.

Oleksii Prokhorenko was born in Kyiv, Ukraine.

In 2002—2006, he studied at the as a lawyer for a bachelor's degree.

In 2007, Oleksii Prokhorenko entered the at the Faculty of Economic Law for a master's degree. In 2009 he graduated from the university.

In 2014, Prokhorenko graduated from the as a Doctor of Psychology.

In February 2011 Oleksii Prokhorenko became the CEO of the Ukrprompostach. Since February 2012, he is the managing director of the company.

Since February 2020, he is the founder and CEO of the GT Invest Ukraine. This is a company that deals with the solution of investment projects in Ukraine.




Shairem

Shairem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sinam

Sinam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Soibam

Soibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Soraisam

Soraisam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Soram

Soram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sorokhaibam

Sorokhaibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Soubam

Soubam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sougaijam

Sougaijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sougrakpam

Sougrakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Soyam

Soyam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Sukham

Sukham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Nuns on the Run

Nuns on the Run is a 1990 British criminal comedy movie directed by Jonathan Lynn and starring Eric Idle, Robbie Coltrane, Janet Suzman, Camille Coduri, Robert Patterson, Doris Hare, Lila Kaye. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A Heart in Winter

A Heart in Winter () is a 1992 French romantic drama movie directed by Claude Sautet and starring Daniel Auteuil, Emmanuelle Béart, André Dussollier, Élizabeth Bourgine, Brigitte Catillon, Myriam Boyer, Jean-Claude Bouillaud. It was nominated for 1 BAFTA in 1994.


Kherson

Kherson () is a city in southern Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Kherson Oblast. In 2020, 286,958 people lived there.

The city is an important port on the Black Sea and on the Dnieper River.

The city was a site of heavy fighting in the first days of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The city was reported to be under Russian control as of 2 March 2022.

Lutsk

Lutsk (; ; ) is a city on the Styr River in northwestern Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Volyn Oblast. In 2020, 217,315 people lived there.

Novoselytsia

Novoselytsia (; ; ; ; ) is a city in Chernivtsi Raion (district), Chernivtsi Oblast (province) of Ukraine. In 2020, 7,566 people lived there.

The Boxer (1997 movie)

The Boxer is a 1997 Irish British American drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and starring Daniel Day-Lewis, Emily Watson, Ken Stott, Brian Cox, Gerard McSorley, Ian McElhinney. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Atorvastatin

Atorvastatin, sold by the brand name Lipitor is a statin drug used for preventing cardiovascular disease and treating abnormal lipid levels. 

Common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, muscle pains and joint pain. Serious side effects may include type 2 diabetes and liver problems.

Atorvastatin was patented in 1986 by Pfizer. It was approved for medical use in the United States ten years later. The medication is available as a generic drug.

Cyclone Yaas

Cyclonic Storm Yaas ( ) was a tropical cyclone in the Bay of Bengal. It wad the third depression, second deep depression, and second cyclonic storm of the 2021 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Yaas formed from a disturbance that the Indian Meteorological Department first monitored on May 23. Conditions in the basin favored development as the system became a deep depression by that day before intensifying to a cyclonic storm on the next day, being named "Yaas".

Yaas (or Yass) is the name given by Oman, which means a fragrant flowering plant used for traditional medicine in Oman and many countries in the West of Asia. The common name outside Arab Countries is Myrtle.

In preparations for the storm, many electrical companies were prepared additional generators and transformers for possible electrical problems. Evacuations were also ordered, starting on May 24 on low-lying areas in East Midnapore and West Midnapore and Jhargram.

In India, Union Power Ministry prepared for transformer and generators for restoration of electricity. The Health Ministry also prepared to ensure no disruption in vaccine supplement and COVID 19 treatment. The Ministry of Telecommunication has also kept all telecom towers and exchanges under watch. Prime Minister Narendra Modi also arranged an emergency meeting to prepare for the cyclone.

The NDRF deployed 65 teams with another 20 teams on reserve. Rescue and relief teams of the Indian army, navy and the coast guard were also deployed over the coastal districts of Odisha and West Bengal. CESC stayed on guard for the cyclone to ensure uninterrupted service especially for major hospitals and critical establishments like drainage pumping stations. 

Additionally, Northern Railway cancelled many trains from New Delhi to and from Bhubaneswar and Puri. Meanwhile, Western Railways and Southern Railways had also cancelled trains going to and from to Odisha.

In Bangladesh, 114 Medical teams was deployed for emergency response by the government. 349 shelters were setup, which accommodated half the capacity of people to maintain Covid-19 health restrictions. 

Animated StoryBook: Mulan

Animated StoryBook: Mulan (retitled "Mulan's Story Studio" on the original PlayStation) is a PC video game released in 1998.

Disney's animated film "Mulan" comes to life in the Disney's "Mulan Animated StoryBook" (sub-titled "A Story Waiting for You to Make it Happen"). In this game, Mushu (remember, he's a dragon, not a lizard) has lost the magical story scrolls, and the player must collect them all and restore their lost magic.

Action takes place in locations from the film such as Mulan's house, the army camp, Tung Shao Pass, and the Imperial City. There are plenty of games, puzzles and other activities to involve youngsters as they look for the scrolls. Once all five have been found and delivered to the Emperor, he makes the player the official Imperial Storymaker, with the ability to make original scrolls. In this final section, there are many possibilities to choose from with all the backgrounds, stickers, and paint colors offered.

Plenty of other characters, such as Mulan's brother, her dog, Grandma Fa, and the ancestors in the temple, are on hand for the player to interact with during the journey, in addition to Mushu's comic relief.



Statin

Statin drugs, also known as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, are lipid-lowering drugs that reduce illness in people who have a high risk of cardiovascular disease. They are the most common cholesterol-lowering drugs.

Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) carriers of cholesterol play key roles in arteriosclerosis, stroke and coronary heart disease.

The common side effects of statins are diabetes mellitus, nausea, hormonal imbalance, and muscle pains.

Atorvastatin, one of the most commonly prescribed brands, was in short supply in England in 2023 and the price rose from 49p through to £5.30 per pack. 

Dendropsophus padreluna

Dendropsophus padreluna is a frog that lives in Colombia.

Rosuvastatin

Rosuvastatin, also called by the brand name Crestor, is a statin drug. The drug is used to prevent cardiovascular disease in people with high risk. 

Common side effects are abdominal pain, nausea and headaches. Serious side effects, though uncommon, are type 2 diabetes and liver conditions.

There are many conditions that make rosuvastatin dangerous to take, like pregnancy, breastfeeding, or having a liver disease. 

The drug was patented in 1991. It was approved for medical use in the United States twelve years later.

Pão de queijo

Pão de queijo () is a type of small roll filled with cheese. It came from the Brazillian state of Minas Gerais. It is popular in Brazil as a breakfast or snack food.

"Pão de queijo" originally came from the Guaraní people. They used the local growing cassava root to make bread. Later, the salty Minas cheese, milk, and egg were added to enrich the dough.

The dough is rolled into small balls, about 3–5 centimeters in diameter. Unlike other breads, the dough does not have any leavening agent to make it rise. There can also be other foods mixed into the cheese filling.

In Brazil, "pão de queijo" is a popular breakfast dish and snack. It is still sold at snack bars and bakeries and it can also be bought frozen to bake at home. In Brazil, cheese puff mix packages are easily found in most supermarkets.

With its growing popularity in the US, frozen packages of "pão de queijo" can now be found in some American grocery stores such as Costco, County Market, Publix, and Whole Foods. It is also on the menu of most Brazilian steakhouse restaurants.

Holzkirchen, Upper Bavaria

Holzkirchen is a market town in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It has over 16.000 inhabitants. It has a lot of industry. Holzkirchen is the largest town in their district.

Holzkirchen has a normal European climate. It has winters with temperatures from 5 to -5 degrees Celcius and summers with temperatures from 12 to 26 degrees Celcius. 

Holzkirchen has many surrounding parts that belong to the city.

The biggest ones are Erlkam, Föching, Großhartpennung, Kleinhartpenning and Roggersdorf. 

The area was already settled since the Bronze Age. During the Roman Ages, two streets crossed in Holzkirchen. During World War 2, Holzkirchen was not damaged badly.


Irschenberg

Irschenberg is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Kobe Institute of Computing

KIC Graduate School of Information Technology has one Masters course called "Department of Information Systems" which has two courses: ICT Professional Course and ICT Innovator Course.


"KIC ranked #1 among 530 Japanese private universities in terms of the sustainability index, composed of growth of number of students, growth of government research grant, and financial soundness."

"KIC has been awarded JICA President Award 2019 to commend the individuals and organizations with preeminent achievements of the socio-economic development in developing countries through Japan International Cooperation Agency 's (JICA) international cooperation activities."



Kreuth

Kreuth is a municipality and a spa town in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Otterfing

Otterfing is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Rottach-Egern

Rottach-Egern is a municipality at the Lake Tegernsee in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Valley, Bavaria

Valley is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Waakirchen

Waakirchen is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Warngau

Warngau is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Weyarn

Weyarn is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Hongi

Hongi is a traditional Māori greeting performed by two people pressing their noses together; some include, at the same time, the touching of foreheads. The greeting is used at traditional meetings among Māori people, and at major ceremonies, such as a pōwhiri. It may be followed by a handshake.

Takenjam

Takenjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Takhellambam

Takhellambam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Takhelmayum

Takhelmayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Taorem

Taorem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thangjam

Thangjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thaoroijam

Thaoroijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thingnam

Thingnam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thingom

Thingom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thingujam

Thingujam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thiyam

Thiyam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thoidingjam

Thoidingjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thokchom

Thokchom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thongam

Thongam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thongbam

Thongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thongkhongmayum

Thongkhongmayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name of Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit Manipur, India.

M4 (105)

The M4 (105) was an M4 Sherman with 105 mm howitzer. It was a secondary version of the M4 Sherman, which was mainly used for personal protection reasons, although the tank also used high-explosive anti-tank missiles and was heavily armored.

A total of 6748 M4 (from July 1942 to January 1944) and 1641 of the late variant were produced with a 105 mm howitzer for infantry support, the M4 (105). Early models had the three-piece screwed nose, while later models had a mixed cast/rolled fuselage. The gun coat also evolved from the M34 to a more protective M34A. A known weakness of the early M4 was the slight flammability of the ammunition after a hit, especially because the cartridges were large howitzer cartridges, which then set the engine on fire or blew up the tank. However, many tanks of the states involved in the war had this problem. Because of this fire danger, the Sherman was also called "Ronson" by the crews (a well-known lighter brand with the advertising slogan "Ronson always burns!"), the Germans called it "Tommykocher". It was only with the M4, which was produced at the beginning of 1944, that this weakness was remedied by installing water tanks on the storage areas of the ammunition. This system, known as "wet congestion," reduced the fire risk by more than a factor of four after hitting the combat room.

Thongram

Thongram is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Thoudam

Thoudam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Siezbüttel

Siezbüttel is a former municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Since 2013, it is part of the municipality of Schenefeld.

Thounaojam

Thounaojam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Cento Pittori via Margutta

Associazione Cento Pittori via Margutta, (Rome 22 June 1970), is a cultural and historical association of painters that exhibits as a Cento Pittori via Margutta mainly in Rome, in via Margutta, whose exhibition origins date back to October 1953.


Thunaojam

Thunaojam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Toijam

Toijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Tonambam

Tonambam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Mixed (United Kingdom ethnicity category)

Mixed is an ethnic category that has been used by the United Kingdom's Office for National Statistics since 1991. In the 2021 census 2.9% of people in England and Wales described themselves in this way. In 2011 it was 2.2%.

Tongbram

Tongbram is a Meetei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Torongbam

Torongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Toujam

Toujam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ukmabam

Ukmabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Urikhinbam

Urikhinbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Uriksibam

Uriksibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Usham

Usham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Wahengbam

Wahengbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Waikhom

Waikhom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Wairokpam

Wairokpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Alberto Moioli

Alberto Moioli, (Monza, February 19, 1968), is an Italian art critic and writer, editorial director of the Enciclopedia d'arte italiana from 2012 to 2021.



Wangjam

Wangjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Wangkheimayum

Wangkheimayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Wangkhem

Wangkhem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Wangmayum

Wangmayum is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Warekpam

Warekpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Watham

Watham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Dutch people in the United Kingdom

Dutch people in the United Kingdom are Britons who are of Dutch ancestry.

Yaikhom

Yaikhom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Max Mosley

Max Rufus Mosley (13 April 1940 – 23 May 2021) was a British barrister and amateur racing driver. 
Mosley was born in London. His father was the fascist leader Sir Oswald Mosley and his mother was Diana, Lady Mosely (Diana Mitford). 

From his parents Max inherited a fortune. He became the founder and co-owner of March Engineering. He was President of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) from 1993 until 2009. 

Mosley died on 23 May 2021 at his home in London after shooting himself in the head, aged 81. He had shot himself weeks after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.

Yambem

Yambem is a Meitei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India. Members of this family have contributed in different fields and development of the state. They belong to the Khuman clan or yek of Meitei people. 

Yendembam

Yendembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Carondelet Palace

Carondelet Palace () is the seat of government of the Republic of Ecuador, in Quito. It is in Independence Square or Plaza Grande. It is the official residence of the President of Ecuador. It is also where the president is inaugurated.

Yendrembam

Yendrembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yengkhom

Yengkhom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yenshenbam

Yenshenbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yensembam

Yensembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yumkhaibam

Yumkhaibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yumkham

Yumkham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yumlembam

Yumlembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yumnam

Yumnam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yumrembam

Yumrembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yurembam

Yurembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Yurenjam

Yurenjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Tenchu: Stealth Assassins

Rittai Ninja Katsugeki: Tenchu, (立体忍者活劇 天誅 "Rittai Ninja Katsugeki: Tenchū") sometimes translated as "Three-dimensional ninja fighting scene: Tenchu" or "Dimensional Ninja Action Movie: Tenchu" is the original Japanese release of "". The original version has significant diffrences from the North American release known as "".

Aftab Shivdasani

Aftab Shivdasani (born 25 June 1978) is an Indian film actor, producer and model known for his works in Bollywood. He was also a child artist once as he acted in many films when he was little. Shivdasani was selected as the Farex baby at the age of 14 months and eventually appeared in many TV commercials. He started his acting career as a child artist in films, including, "Mr. India" (1987), "Shahenshah" (1988), "ChaalBaaz" (1989), "Awwal Number" (1990), "C.I.D." (1990) and "Insaniyat" (1994).

In 1999, he made his adult debut in Ram Gopal Varma's "Mast", for which he received the Zee Cine Award for Best Male Debut and Star Screen Award for Most Promising Newcomer- Male. Subsequently, he featured in several commercially successful films, including, "Kasoor" (2001) for which he received Zee Cine Award for Best Actor in a Negative Role and a nomination for Filmfare Best Villain Award, "Kya Yehi Pyaar Hai" (2002), "Awara Paagal Deewana" (2002), "Hungama" (2003), "Masti" (2004) for which he won Bollywood Movie Award for Best Comedian.

Rick Gomez

Richard Harper "Rick" Gomez (born June 1, 1972) is an American actor and voice actor. He is the older brother of actor Joshua Gomez.

Online piracy

Online piracy, also known as internet piracy, is downloading and distributing copyrighted materials without having permission. The content includes software, music and movies. Internet piracy is illegal in many developed countries. However, it is widely practised due to the ease with which it can be done.

The release of Napster in 1999 caused a rapid boom in the online piracy of movies, television and music. It always had a focus on music in the .MP3 format.

Napster permitted users to share content with peer-to-peer file sharing. It was one of the first mainstream uses of the distribution method. It was made easy for the regular users to get free music. The popular use of Napster was short lived, though. On July 27, 2000, it was ordered shut down by a federal judge. The following year, Napster was shut down.

Heilly

Heilly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hem-Hardinval

Hem-Hardinval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Race 2

Race 2 is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Abbas-Mustan and produced under the Tips Industries banner. It is the sequel to the 2008 film, "Race" and the second installment of "Race film series". The film has an ensemble cast starring Saif Ali Khan, Anil Kapoor, John Abraham, Deepika Padukone, Jacqueline Fernandez and Ameesha Patel in the lead roles while Adithya Pancholi, Bipasha Basu and Rajesh Khattar are featured in supporting roles.

Made on a budget of , Race "2" was released on 25 January 2013 and opened to positive reviews from critics and positive response at the box office, earning worldwide. According to Box Office India, it was declared as Super hit.


Hem-Monacu

Hem-Monacu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

LGBT rights in Peru

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Peru may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity is legal in Peru. However, houses headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex couples. 

In January 2017, the ex-president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski stabled a rule prohibiting all types of discrimination and hate crimes by sexual orientation. On January 9, 2017, a same-sex couple between a Peruvian citizen and a Mexican citizen started a process to legalize same-sex marriage between those. The 7th Constitutional Court of Lima was in favor of recognizing same-sex marriage, performed on Mexico after. However, the Supreme Court of Peru declined its request.

In the 1980s, a foundation called "Movimiento Homosexual de Lima" (MHOL) started to fight for more LGBT rights. It was founded by a LGBT activist and ex-politician Óscar Ugarteche. In 2014, there was some cases of discrimination against LGBT people in MHOL. One example was to the MHOL's president.

In their old civilizations, like the "Moche" and "Chimu" culture, homosexuality was seen as normal; there are ceramics about LGBT persons engaging in sexual activity between same-sex couples.

Herbécourt

Herbécourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Peer-to-peer file sharing

Peer-to-peer file sharing is the sharing and distribution of digital media using peer-to-peer networking technology. P2P file sharing allows users to access files, like movies, books, music and games using a P2P software program. 

There is an ongoing discussion related to the economic impact of P2P file sharing. 

The economic effect of copyright infringement under peer-to-peer file sharing on music has been controversial and hard to determine. Some unofficial studies found that file sharing had a negative impact on overall record sales.

The United States' Motion Picture Association of America said that American studios lost just over $2.373 billion to Internet piracy in 2005. That was about one third of the total cost of movie piracy in the United States. The estimate from the MPAA was doubted by commentators. It was based under the assumption that one download was the equivalent of one lost sale. Downloaders might not buy the movie if downloading was an option.

Tequeño

A Tequeño is a type of fried cheese that is breaded. The cheese is usually queso blanco (white cheese). It came from the Venezuelan town of Los Teques. It is popular in Venezuela as a snack for parties.

To prepare it, the dough is wrapped around a cheesestick and formed into a breadstick so it can be fried in oil for 6 minutes at or sometimes oven-baked. Other things can go inside the filling such as chocolate or chorizo.

Dyslipidemia

Dislipidemia is the condition of having too much much lipids (essentially: fat) in the bloodstream. The main treatmeent consists in lowering the amount of cholesterol. In most cases, this is done with a change of the diet and the lifestyle. In some cases, drugs are used to help. There are several cases, where dislipidemia is caused by a birth defect. Other conditions affecting dyslipidemia is being overweight, or an unbalanced nutrition. Many diseases of the liver, or the thyroid gland can cause dyslipidemia. Another disease that can cause dyslipidemia is Diabetes mellitus. 

Asian Boxing Championships

The Asian Boxing Championships is the highest competition for boxing amateurs in Asia. The first tournament took place in 1963, hosted by Bangkok, Thailand.

Herleville

Herleville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Herly, Somme

Herly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hesbécourt

Hesbécourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hescamps

Hescamps is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yoichi Maeda (movie director)

Yôichi Maeda (前田陽一, "Maeda Yôichi", December 14, 1934 - May 3, 1998) is a Japanese movie director and screenwriter from Tatsuno, Hyogo Prefecture. He directed 17 movies for Shochiku and three for Toho. The best-known movie he directed is "Make Way For The Jaguars" from 1968, which became his well known musical comedy movie.

After graduating from Tatsuno High School and Waseda University School of Letters, Maeda joined the Shochiku Ofuna Film Studio in April 1958. He worked as an assistant director for Yoshishige Yoshida and Minoru Shibuya. In 1964, he made his first feature film debut as a director with "Nippon Paradise" (starring Yoshiko Kayama, along with Daisuke Katō, Mariko Kaga and Hiroyuki Nagato). Since then, he has been mainly focusing on comedy. 

After the decline of theatrical movies, Maeda switches to TV, worked on many television dramas, and co-represented the script-writing office "Ragus" with screenwriter Hideichi Nagahara. 

In 1998, he decided to make one last cinematic movie for the studio production "New Karajishi Co., Ltd." for the first time in a while, but he was hospitalized one week after filming it. Maeda died of liver failure on May 3, 1998. He was 63 years old. The filmed "New Karashishi Co., Ltd." was successfully completed and released by director Hideo Nanbu and screenwriter Hidetaka Nagahama, who were studying under director Maeda before. Directors Nanbu and writer Nagahama are credited as "cooperative directors", but they are still collaborated with by Yoichi Maeda.

He directed three movies for Toho with "Kigeki migimuke hidari!" (1970), "Kigeki kinō no teki wa kyō mo teki" and "Okite koronde mata okite" (1971). 

In his 1968 musical comedy movie, "Make Way For The Jaguars", Maeda used good and sounds like The Beatles vocal harmonies mixed with "Psychotic Reaction" type fuzz guitar and the screen goes trippy with psychedelic prism effects—makes you think The Jaguars must have been "experienced." 

Grainau

Grainau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Bad Bayersoien

Bad Bayersoien is a municipality and a spa town in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Cachitos

Cachitos are a Venezuelan type of sandwich filled with ham and cheese. It is similar to a croissant. It is a traditional food in Venezuela where it is usually eaten for breakfast. Sometimes, it is served with juice, coffee, or malta.

The ingredients are different in different states and bakeries but the most common ingredients are: Wheat flour, butter, eggs, room temperature milk, water, salt, yeast and a pinch of sugar. Other meats and things can go inside.

Gummo

Gummo is a 1997 teenage drama movie. Harmony Korine wrote and directed the movie. "Gummo" is set in Xenia, Ohio, a Midwestern town that was devastated by a tornado.

The movie was shot in Nashville, Tennessee under a budget of $1 million. It was not given a large theatrical release. Because of that,"Gummo" failed to bring in much money. Reviews on the movie from the critics were mixed.

A young boy named Solomon narrates events from the tornado that went through the small town of Xenia, Ohio. A mute adolescent boy, nicknamed Bunny Boy, wears only tennis shoes, shorts and pink bunny ears on an overpass in the rain.

A boy named Tummler, who is also a friend for Solomon, carries a cat by its neck. He drowns the cat in a barrel of water. "Gummo" then cuts into a different scene with Tummler in a wrecked car with a girl. They fondle one another. Tummler realizes there is a lump on one of the girl's breast's. Tummler and Solomon then ride down on a hill on bicycles.

Later, Tummler points an air rifle at another cat. Solomon stops him from killing the cat and says it was a housecat. The boys leave. The camera then follows the cat to its owners' house. The cat is owned by three sisters, two are teenagers, the third has not gone through puberty yet.

The movie later cuts to a scene in which two foul-mouthed boys dressed as cowboys destroy things in a junkyard. Bunny Boy comes. The other boys shoot him "dead" using cap guns. Bunny Boy plays dead. The boys curse at him, go through his pockets and remove one of his shows. The boys later get bored of it. Bunny Boy is left on the ground

"Gummo" was shot in some of the poorest neighborhoods across Nashville.

The movie was shot in just four weeks in the summer of 1996.

"Gummo" goes over multiple issues, like vandalism, homicide, violence, drug abuse, profanity, sexual abuse, homophobia, prostitution and sexism.

The movie was first shown at the 24th Telluride Film Festival on August 29, 1997. The original rating for the movie was NC-17. It was edited so it could receive an R.

As of 2021, "Gummo" holds a 38% "rotten" rating under Rotten Tomatoes with 56 reviews. Under Metacritic, the movie is rated at 19/100, which means "an overwhelming dislike".

Murnau am Staffelsee

Murnau am Staffelsee is a market town in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Farchant

Farchant is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Krün

Krün is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Mittenwald

Mittenwald is a market town in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Pinto bean

Pinto beans are a type of common bean. They are the most popular bean by crop production in northern Mexico and the Southwestern United States. The beans are either eaten entirely or mashed then refried.

In South America, pinto beans are called "poroto frutilla". It means "strawberry bean".

Pinto beans are a nutrient-dense legume. These beans have essential nutrients. They are good sources for protein, manganese and phosphorus. The beans are high in dietary fiber and folate.

One study showed that pinto beans can lower the levels for both HDL and LDL cholesterol.

Heudicourt, Somme

Heudicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Heuzecourt

Heuzecourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hiermont

Hiermont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bruce Lanoil

Bruce Lanoil (born July 5, 1960) is an American actor, voice actor and puppeteer. He plays various puppets for both The Jim Henson Company and The Walt Disney Company. He often works with the British puppeteer David Alan Barclay.

Hornoy-le-Bourg

Hornoy-le-Bourg is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hyencourt-le-Grand

Hyencourt-le-Grand is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Hypercourt.

Pertain

Pertain is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Hypercourt.

Hypercourt

Hypercourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Pertain (the seat), Hyencourt-le-Grand and Omiécourt.

Humbercourt

Humbercourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Shaun Wallace

Shaun Anthony Linford Wallace (born 2 June 1960) is an English barrister, lecturer and television personality. He is most famous for being a "Chaser" on the ITV British quiz show "The Chase". 

Wallace is a part-time lecturer and visit schools, colleges and other institutions to educate students on aspects of law. In 2004, he won "Mastermind" and was ranked 286th in the World Quizzing Champions in 2012.

Wallace was born in London, England.

Akiko Nakamura

Akiko Nakamura (中村 晃子, "Nakamura Akiko", January 3, 1945 - ) is a Japanese actress, singer and voice actress. She was born in Narashino City, Chiba Prefecture. Her nickname is Akko (アッコ). Her favorite hobbies are golf, tennis and table tennis. She works with Berg Corporation as talent manager. Graduated from the Showa Gakuin Junior & Senior High School. 

In 1963, Akiko joined Shochiku and made her first film debut when she was selected as a semi-miss in the 2nd Miss Air France Contest while she was in high school. She appeared in many movies and was sold in combination with from 1965 to 1966, but they did not sprout each other and were unimpressive. Akiko also appeared in films. At that time, she was also interested liked foreign cars, mostly . 
Akiko made her first song debut in 1965 with "Blue Fallen Leaves" (青い落葉, "Aoi rakuyō"). Her most famous song would be Rainbow Lake (虹色の湖, "Nijiiro no mizūmi") in 1967. During the heyday of Group Sounds, she sold 800,000 copies as a female solo singer. This song became her biggest hit and climbed up to number three on the chart. At that time, she dressed her style from miniskirts to military uniforms. Her next 1968 single "Sand Cross" (砂の十字架, "Suna no jūjika") was also became a success.

At the end of 1968, Akiko participated in the 19th NHK Kouhaku Uta Gassen for her song "Rainbow Lake". She said she couldn't appear on NHK because she was singing with a navel look. Akiko became a voice actress in 1969 with for the American comedy drama classic series, "" (voiced over ). In 1971, she also sing the theme song for the "Beautiful Challenger" (which was aired on TBS). The first nude was announced in her 20s. In 1973, Akiko sung the cover song " (あまい囁き, "Amai sasayaki")" by a duet with became a hit. 
In 1974, Akiko released "The Whisper of the Rose" (薔薇の囁き, "Bara no sasayaki"), but she recalls that the style when singing in a black dress with a half-naked visible in the album cover. It is said that this style was for Nakamura to adore French actress and get closer to her atmosphere. In 1980, "Love Rope" (恋の綱わたり, "Koi no tsuna watari") (in TBS drama "Divorce Friends" insert song) also recorded 4th place, and became a hit for a long time with over 300,000 copies being sold. In addition, she was ranked in the TBS song program "The Best Ten" with the same title song.

In 1987, she starred in the film "Machi nureta onna" as Tsuya. Also, as a voice actress, Akiko voiced in "". In her later years, she also voiced in "".
As an actress, she made regular appearances in the TV drama "" and expanded her career to historical drama. In 1994, she released her nude for the first time in a long time since her 20s and gained popularity. In this hair nude photo book, she worked on storyboards herself and became a hot topic. She return to Narashino with her younger brothers and set up a mansion. In 2002, Akiko was introduced in the "Mister-Chin's Mansion Visit" section of the TBS-based lifestyle information program "Just," and talked about the introduction of a private elevator.

On November 3, 2011, she continued to be a singer, such as appearing in "Thursday 8 o'clock concert-masterpiece! Nippon no Uta-" (TV Tokyo).

In the middle of one brother and one younger brother, Yukiko Murayama (Tokoko) is an opera singer under the stage name Tamaki Miura. She was a celebrity who also released records, but she stopped singing in the middle of her career due to the Vietnam War. Akiko's father is a police officer and opposes Akiko's entry into the entertainment world. Akiko's mother (who was a hairdresser) also opposed it at first, but when her daughter's acting debut was decided, she changed her mind and supported her entertainment activities and gave singing advice. She continued supporting Akiko until her death on March 10, 1995 at the age of 85. The piano used by her mother is preserved in Akiko's residence. 

On January 27, 1969, in the live broadcast song program "Yoru no Hit Studio" of the Fuji TV series, in the "Computer Lover Fortune-Telling" section, with moderator Takehiko Maeda of the same program was selected as "the most compatible person". Immediately after that, Nakamura was upset and ended up singing the new song "Tears of the Forest" (涙の森の物語, "Namida no mori no monogatari") while crying, and Maeda wiped Nakamura's tears with a handkerchief on the way. 



Full employment

Full employment is an idea from economics. It means that every person that is able and willing to work can get a job. It does not mean that all people have a job: People who do not have the skills the employers want may still not have a job, because there simply is no role that fits them. This is called "structural unemployment". Also, it is very likely that there will be people looking for jobs (called "frictional unemployment").

In general, people say there is full employment, if the percentage of people who are able and willing to work, but who do not have a job is below a given rate. In 1945, William Henry Beveridge said there was full employment if there are more jobs than job seekers. He said that an unemployment rate of three percent of frictional (short term) unemployment can be considered full employment. 


Sô Kuramoto

Kaoru Yamatani (山谷 馨, December, 12 1934 [age 86]; Yoyogi, Tokyo), better known by his pen name Sō Kuramoto (倉本 聰), is a Japanese playwright and screenwriter. 

Sō Kuramoto was born in Yoyogi on 21 December 1934. He attended and studied aesthetics at Tokyo University. He then found work at (NBS). While an employee there, he also began submitting scripts for NBS radio programs under the pen name Sō Kuramoto, keeping his identity a secret from his employers. In 1963 he left NBS and began working as a freelancer. He had troubles around NHK's teleplay "" and escaped to Hokkaido. After staying in Sapporo, he moved to in 1977. In 1984 he established Furano Juku, a school for script-writers and actors.

All works on 

Tomio Fukuoka

Tomio Fukuoka was born in Kagawa Prefecture, Japan. He founded in 1958 as a small Electronic school in the city of Kobe, Japan was called "Kobe Electronic School", which received the recognition "Institute of Advanced Vocational Education" from the Japanese Ministry of Education in 1988 for its vital contribution to Japanese computing society. Now KIC is one of the major institutes for professional, vocational, practical oriented education in ICT and other Digital related industries in Japan over 18,000 alumni.

Awarded for significant achievements in the areas of public welfare and public service by the Government of Japan in "1993".
Awarded for distinguished achievements in research fields, social work, state/local government fields, or the improvement of life for handicapped/impaired persons by the Emperor of Japan in "2008".



2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup

The 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup was the 15th edition of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. The tournament was mostly played in the United States, although some matches were played in Jamaica and Costa Rica.

CONCACAF announced that the tournament would expand to 16 teams from 12 in February 2018.

Mexico won their 8th Gold Cup with a 1-0 victory over the U.S. in the final. 

For this edition, The qualification system was changed. Teams were no longer divided into Central American and Caribbean zones. Among the 16 teams, six qualified directly after participating in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification, while the other 10 teams qualified through the 2019–20 CONCACAF Nations League qualification.

Bermuda and Guyana made their Gold Cup debuts.

In May 2018, CONCACAF confirmed that matches would be held in Central America and the Caribbean in addition to the United States. This was the first time that the Gold Cup was held in the Caribbean. All the previous editions took place in the United States, Mexico, or Canada.

In May 2018, CONCACAF announced the fifteen venues in the United States that would host matches. Soldier Field in Chicago was announced on 27 September 2018 as the venue of the final.
On 26 November 2018, CONCACAF announced that Costa Rica would host a double-header in the first round of matches of Group B on 16 June 2019, taking place at the Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica in San José.
On 2 April 2019, CONCACAF announced that Jamaica would host a double-header in the first round of matches of Group C on 17 June 2019, taking place at the Independence Park in Kingston.

<section begin=Bracket /><section end=Bracket />

Gilbert Etienne

Gilbert Étienne (22 June 1928 – 17 May 2014) was a French economist, author and professor. Étienne is best known for his extensive publishing on economic subjects. 

Étienne was born in Neuchâtel-Urtiére, France. His first studies were in law, and he received a degree from the University of Neuchâtel in 1951. Following this, he studied at the National Institute of Oriental Languages and Civilizations (Inalco) in Paris. As a student of Inalco he spent a year doing doctoral research (from 1952 to 1953) in India and Pakistan. In 1955 he defended his doctoral thesis "India: economy and population", which was published the following year by .

After his graduation in 1955, he took a two-year trip to India, where he worked as a representative of the Swiss watch company Favre-Leuba. On his return to Switzerland in 1958 he became a lecturer at the Graduate Institute of International Studies (IUHEI) in Geneva. He became a professor at the same establishment in 1964, after the publication of his book "The Chinese Way". He stayed at IUHEI until the end of his career in 1994. From 1979 to 2002 he was the president of the Swiss Association for development aid, "Frères de nos frères".

Étienne died on 17 May 2014 in Geneva. A prolific author, Étienne published over 40 books and 100 journal articles in his lifetime. His final book, "Indian Villages Achievements and Alarm Bells, 1952–2012", was published as a posthumous tribute in 2014.



Gimlet Media

Gimlet Media is an American media company. The activity is focused on creating podcasts. The main office is in Brooklyn, New York.

The company was founded in 2014 by Alex Blumberg and Matthew Lieber. Later, Blumberg's spouse started working there and launched Gimlet Creative in 2016.

Then Gimlet Media raised $1.5 million in seed funding and later another $200,000.

In 2015, the company raised $6 million.

That year Gimlet Media launched a new kind of paid membership.

In 2017, the company received a $15 million investment. That year Gimlet Pictures was created.

In 2018, Gimlet started GimletFest.

In 2019, Spotify announced its entering to the agreement to acquire Gimlet.


Competera

Competera is an artificial intelligence platform that helps online and offline retailers with portfolio pricing using price recommendations on an SKU and full category level.

Competera was launched on April 23, 2014. The founders are Alexander Galkin, Andrey Mikhailov, and Alexander Sazonov.

The head office is in Kyiv, Ukraine with more offices in California, Singapore, and London.

Competera received its first venture investment from the SMRK venture fund.

Later, the company raised a total of $3M in funding over 2 rounds.

Competera raised another round of funding on Feb 5, 2019.

In January 2024, Competera announced that it had closed its latest round of seed+ funding for $3M, which was led by the following investors STRATMINDS (a San Francisco-based venture capital firm specializing in applied AI), Flyer One Ventures, Verras Capital, SMRK Fund, Transform Partners Fund, and a group of seasoned angel investors, including Alex Medovoi, the Founder and Chairman of AI Ukraine.

Competera provides regular repricing, promo and markdown recommendations for omnichannel retailers.

They are based on 60 pricing and non-pricing factors, customer demand, and individual customer business rules.

It uses machine learning technology and econometric practices to allow users to set the correct price for a product in any category or industry.

In 2023, Competera Won Best Retail Insights Solution 2023 VIP Awards in the US and the Best Breakthrough Technology Solution at 2023 UK VIP Awards, both presented by Vendors in Partnership and the National Retail Federation (NRF). In 2024, Competera was the runner-up for VIP Challenge Award for AI at the 2024 VIP Awards.

In January 2021 Competera was included in Gartner Market Guide.

In winter 2020, Competera was featured in the Now Tech Retail Planning report from Forrester Research.

It was recognised as №1 Retail Software 2020 by Crozdesk webservice.

In October 2020 the platform was a winner of Artificial Intelligence Project of the Year.

Also in 2019, the company was listed among the 3 best startups at the Startup Elevate (London).

The company received IDCEE award as the Best B2B Startup in 2014.


Adam Mosseri

Adam Mosseri (born January 23, 1983) is an American-Israeli businessman and the Head of Instagram. He formerly served as an executive at Facebook.

List of Atari 2600 prototype games

This is a list of prototype games for the Atari 2600 video game console, shown in alphabetical order.

Dunblane

Dunblane is a cathedral city in Stirlingshire, Scotland. It is built on the banks of the Allan Water, a tributary of the River Forth. 

By 2011 it had a population of 8811. It is commonly used for transport and commuting, with a railway station in the middle of its high street. It is most well-known as the location of the Dunblane massacre, the most deadly school shooting in British history, and tennis champion Andy Murray's hometown. 

It has three primary schools (Newton Primary School, Dunblane Primary School and St Mary's Primary School), one high school (Dunblane High School) and Queen Victoria School for Army Children. It has churches of different Christian denominations. Dunblane Cathedral is Church of Scotland.

There is a Golden Postbox which marks Murray's Olympic gold medals. It has an amateur football club, Dunblane Soccer Club.

Jack Brooksbank

Jack Christopher Stamp Brooksbank (born 3 May 1986) is an English bar manager and brand ambassador. He is married to Princess Eugenie, the niece of King Charles III.

Brooksbank was born on 3 May 1986 at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London. He was christened at Guards Chapel, Wellington Barracks in Wellington Barracks. He is eldest son of George Edward Hugh Brooksbank and his wife Nicola (née Newton), great-granddaughter of Sir Arthur Holland. Brooksbank is in remainder to the Brooksbank baronetcy. 

A half-third cousin twice-removed of Princess Eugenie through Thomas Coke, 2nd Earl of Leicester, Brooksbank's great-grandfather was Sir John (Jack) Spencer Coke, a Gentleman Usher to King George VI and Extra Gentleman Usher to Queen Elizabeth II and his great-uncle was the 3rd Baron Hamilton of Dalzell. His parents are Old Etonian George Brooksbank, a company director and chartered accountant, and his wife, Nicola, who reside in London and Bordeaux in France. Jack has a younger brother, Thomas, who is also an Old Etonian.

Brooksbank was educated at Stowe School in Buckinghamshire, and then the University of Bristol before leaving to work in the bar industry. He was the general manager of Mahiki, a nightclub in Mayfair that was often visited by his wife's cousins Prince William and Prince Harry in their youth. He now works as a brand ambassador for Casamigos tequila.

In 2011, Brooksbank began dating Princess Eugenie of York, the younger daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York. On 22 January 2018, the Duke of York's office at Buckingham Palace announced their engagement. In April 2018, the couple moved from their residence at St James's Palace to Ivy Cottage, in the grounds of Kensington Palace. Their wedding took place on 12 October 2018, at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Contrary to press speculation that Brooksbank would be created "Earl of Northallerton", he has not been elevated to the peerage after marrying into the royal family, following a trend in recent years for a male commoner not to be awarded one upon marriage to a princess.

The couple's son, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, was born on 9 February 2021 at the Portland Hospital in London. At his birth, he was eleventh in line to the throne.

Fire on the Amazon

Fire on the Amazon is a 1993 American Peruvian adventure drama movie directed by Luis Llosa and starring Craig Sheffer, Sandra Bullock, Juan Fernández, Judith Chapman, Ramsay Ross, Eduardo Cesti.

Dendropsophus nekronastes

Dendropsophus nekronastes is a frog that lives in South America. Scientists have only seen it in one place, in Brazil 303 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.1 to 28.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult females frog is 31.8 to 35.4 mm. The frog is brown in color with white or yellow stripes on its head and back. This frog changes color: It is lighter at night.

Scientists saw the frog in bodies of water in places that humans beings had changed, for example cacao farms and places where cows and other animals eat grass. Scientists named this frog "nekronastes", which is Greek for "thing that lives in the death-place," because it lives in cemetaries too.

Scientists say this frog is in the same group as "Dendropsophus leucophyllatus".

Despicable Me: The Game

Despicable Me: The Game (known as Despicable Me: Minion Mayhem for Nintendo DS version) is a platform video game developed by Vicious Cycle Software and published by D3Publisher. The game runs on "Vicious Engine 2".

In "Despicable Me: The Game", players become the mastermind Gru, planning and plotting to build a rocket ship and steal the moon. Players will command an army of tireless, little yellow minions to complete puzzles and missions and use an arsenal of despicable weapons and gadgets such as magnet guns, freeze rays and battle-ready vehicles to vanquish all who stand in their way. Players will fly Gru's aircraft in daring missions against his rival, Vector, and play as Gru or Vector in a variety of multiplayer air combat modes!

http://www.viciousengine.com/developer_diary/index.cfm?postdate=8/1/2010 

Brisket

Brisket is a type of meat cut. It is from the chest of either beef or veal. It has a lot of connective tissue.

Brisket has been well known to be a part of Texan cuisine. It could have due to the pricing of the brisket compared to other cuts.

According to the second version of "Random House Dictionary of the English Language", the term comes from the Middle English word "brusket" which comes from the earlier Old Norse "brjósk", meaning cartilage. The cut includes the sternum, ribs, and connecting costal tissues.

Like most beef cuts, brisket can be cooked with different methods. It can be seasoned with a spice mix or marinade. It is usually grilled or smoked, and then basted when it is almost cooked.

Nizamuddin Asir Adrawi

Nizāmuddīn Asīr Adrawi (also known as Asīr Adrawi; 1926 – 20 May 2021) was an Indian Sunni Muslim scholar, biographer, historian and author in the Urdu language who established Madrassa Darus Salam in Adri and served as Officer In Charge of Jamiat Ulama-e-Hind in Lucknow from 1974 to 1978.

Gregory Peter XX Ghabroyan

Krikor Bedros XX Gabroyan, I.P.C.B. () also known in English as Gregory Peter XX Gabroyan and in French as Grégoire Pierre XX Ghabroyan (14 November 1934 – 25 May 2021) was the Catholicos-Patriarch of Cilicia of the Armenian Catholic Church. He was elected to the position on 24 July 2015. He was officially enthroned on 9 August 2015. He was born in Aleppo, Syria.

Krikor Bedros XX Gabroyan died on 25 May 2021 in Beirut, Lebanon at the age of 86.

Raees (2017 movie)

Raees ( Rich) is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language action film directed by Rahul Dholakia and produced by Gauri Khan, Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar under their banners Red Chillies Entertainment and Excel Entertainment. It stars Shah Rukh Khan, Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Mahira Khan.

The film was released on 25 January 2017 during India's Republic Day weekend. It received overall positive reviews from the critics and was a success at box office. It was also the highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2017. "Raees" was also the most popular Hindi film of 2017. The film's soundtrack was also popular with over 1.5 billion streams on YouTube. The film received five nominations at the 63rd Filmfare Awards, including Best Actor for Khan.


Fashion (2008 movie)

Fashion is a 2008 Indian Hindi-language drama film directed and co-produced by Madhur Bhandarkar starring Priyanka Chopra, Kangana Ranaut and Mugdha Godse in lead roles. The film's screenplay was co-written by Ajay Monga, Bhandarkar and Anuraadha Tewari and principal photography occurred in Mumbai and Chandigarh. Its music was composed by Salim–Sulaiman and the songs' lyrics were written by Irfan Siddiqui and Sandeep Nath.

It opened on 29 October 2008 to highly positive reviews. Critics praised its screenplay, cinematography, music, direction and performances. It collected at the box-office and was commercially successful. It earned 240 crore against a budget of 120 crore. This film was also a turning point in Chopra's career.

"Fashion" received several awards and nominations at ceremonies across India. At the 54th Filmfare Awards, the film received 7 nominations including Best Director and won 2 awards; Best Actress for Chopra and Best Supporting Actress for Ranaut. It also won Best Actress for Chopra and Best Supporting Actress for Ranaut at the 56th National Film Awards. Several publications listed "Fashion" as one of the "best women-centric films in Bollywood".


Scrufizzer

Amary Lorenzo, better known as Scrufizzer, is an English singer-songwriter, record producer, and composer. Lorenzo first became famous as a grime producer before building a reputation for his bashment-influenced flow and versatility. He has collaborated with Tiesto, Wiley, Dizzee Rascal, and Cooli Carlito.




List of Meitei surnames

The following are given in alphabetical order:













S 






Lorraine Bowen

Lorraine Bowen (born 31 October 1961 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire) is an English singer-songwriter, musician and comedian. She has released seven studio and compilation albums.

Bowen was a member for two bands in the 1980s. The bands were "See You in Vegas" and "The Dinner Ladies". She performed regularly with Billy Bragg on the stage and on record.

In 1990, Bragg encouraged Bowen to start a solo career. Bowen started performing solo shows by the name "The Lorraine Bowen Experience". Her act had three songs, a Casio keyboard and an ironing board. Her songs are seen as "quirky", have humor and are often with a sense of tacky. Themes often include food, movie actors (one of her most popular songs is about Julie Christie), mobile phones and fish fingers.

Bowen was a contestant on "Britain's Got Talent" in May 2015. She sang her own song, "The Crumble Song".







Family Guy (season 2)

The second season of Family Guy aired on Fox from September 26, 1999 to May 21, 2000. This season has 21 episodes. The season premiered with the episode "Peter, Peter, Caviar Eater" and concluded with "Fore, Father". 

"Family Guy" was cancelled after the second season because it did not have good ratings. However, the Fox network let it come back with a third season returned. After the second season ended, Fox cancelled the show again. After it was cancelled, "Family Guy" later got high ratings on FOX's Network and had a large number of DVD sales. This made the Fox network ask for more episodes to be made in 2004. Critics of television gave positive reviews of the season. One critic on DVD Talk thought it was "witty" and "hilarious" and said "Family Guy" was "unfortunately" cancelled. All of the episodes from the first and second season were put on DVD for Region 1 on April 15, 2003.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Picanha

Picanha is a Brazilian type of beef cut. It is popular in Brazil and Portugal. 

In the United States, the cut is known as top sirloin cap, rump cover, rump cap, or culotte. North American butchers tend to split this cut into other cuts like the rump, the round, and the loin. It has the fat cap muscle.

In Brazil, the most well known meat usually is the picanha. There, the fat is kept until the steak has been cooked.

In the United States, the fat is usually removed unless the customer says otherwise.

Like most steak cuts, picanha can be cooked with different methods. It could be cooked on a skewer like in some Brazilian steakhouses or churrascarias.

Kasra Nouri

Kasra Nouri (),is an Iranian Jurist and Political activist. He is the chief editor of Website "Majzooban-e noor" covers news about the Dervishes religious community Nouri was also last arrested with his family during 2018 Dervish protests and sentenced to 12 years in prison and 148 lashes. He supported Mehdi Karroubi (presidential candidate) in 2009 Iranian presidential election.

Iranian journalist Kasra Nouri was arrested in February 2018 while covering religious protests for the Majzooban-e-Noor website, which covers news about the Gonabadi Dervishes, a Sufi splinter group. He is serving a 12-year sentence on anti-state charges in Adel-Abad prison near the central city of Shiraz, after initially being held in the Greater Tehran Penitentiary. Tehran’s Appeals Court upheld his sentence in March 2019.

During the 2018 Dervish protests, he was arrested along with his mother Shokoufeh Yadollahi and his brothers Pouria Nouri and Amir Nouri.

Cathy Dennis

Catherine Roseanne "Cathy" Dennis (born 25 March 1969) is a British singer-songwriter and record producer. She was born in Norfolk, Norwich, England. She had a moderately successful international singing career. Dennis later had great success as a writer of pop songs. She had eight number ones in the United Kingdom. She won five Ivor Novello Awards.
In 2004, Dennis was 66th in the "Q Magazine" list of the Top 100 influential people in music. Two years later, she won the UK music industry's Woman of the Year Award.

Dennis first became successful as a vocalist in 1989 when "C'mon and Get My Love", a single with music producer D Mob, hit #15 on the UK Singles Chart and #10 on the United States' "Billboard Hot 100" that year.

From Dennis first studio album "Move to This", she had three solo hits. They were "Just Another Dream" (UK #13, US #2), "Touch Me (All Night Long) (Dennis' cover of the Wish and Fonda Rae 1984 song) (UK #5, US #2) and "Too Many Walls" (UK #17, US #8).

In September 1992, Dennis released her second pop album, "Into the Skyline". Three songs on the album were released: "You Lied to Me", "Falling" and "Irresistible". The first was released in August 1992. It got positive reviews from the music critics. It peaked at #32 on the United States "Billboard Hot 100". "Irresistible" was released in September 1992. It didn't do as well as Dennis' earlier songs, though it was a Top 10 hit on the Adult Contemporary chart.

For her music, Dennis won Grammy and Billboard music awards. The earlier was for the dance recording "Come into My World" in 2003. The latter was for the #1 New Female Pop Artist.


Les Fleurs du mal

Les Fleurs du Mal is a collection of poems, by Charles Baudelaire. It was published between 1857 and 1868, there are three versions of the work. The first version of the book was forbidden, because it was seen to be against decency laws of the time. In total, six poems were forbidden. The poems in "Les Fleurs du mal" frequently break with tradition: they use suggestive images and unusual forms. The poems deal with themes relating to decadence and eroticism, particularly focusing on suffering and its relationship to the original sin, disgust toward evil and oneself, obsession with death, and aspiration toward an ideal world. Les Fleurs du mal was highly influential toward several notable French poets, including Paul Verlaine, Arthur Rimbaud, and Stéphane Mallarmé.

Katie Griffin

Katie Griffin (born January 14, 1973) is a Canadian actress and singer. She voiced Alex in Totally Spies!.

Andrea Baker

Andrea Baker (born July 7, 1970) is American actress. She is best known for voicing Clover in "Totally Spies!"


The Elephant Whisperer

The Elephant Whisperer: My Life with the Herd in the African Wild is a book by Lawrence Anthony and Graham Spence about Anthony's own life. It was published in 2009, but it is about things that happened before 2003. Sidgwick & Jackson Ltd. published it. It is about a game preserve in South Africa called Thula Thula where a herd of elephants come to live.

Lawrence Anthony tells the reader about elephants who came to live at Thula Thula in 1999. They had been at a different game preserve, but they learned how to break through the electric fence and escape. This was bad because they ate people's crops and because any human who wanted to could kill them. The oldest elephant was shot by humans.

Usually, African game wardens did not talk to or go near the elephants because this can change their natural behavior. But these elephants were so angry at and afraid of humans that Anthony decided to do something different. He decided to make friends with them so they would not hate humans. In the book, he tells the reader how he became friends with the elephants, caught poachers, made deals with African humans who lived nearby, for example the Zulu king and chiefs, took care of a sick baby elephant, and ran the game preserve.

The audiobook recording of "The Elephant Whisperer" won an Audie Award for best biography or memoir.

Legislative Assembly of Samoa

The Legislative Assembly is the Parliament of Samoa based in the capital, Apia, where the country's central administration is located. In the Samoan language, the Legislative Assembly of Samoa is sometimes known as the Samoan Fono while the "government" of the country is known as the Malo.

Samoan "Fono" had 49 Members of Parliament. These were elected in six two-seat and 35 single-seat constituencies. Of these 49 seats, 47 were legally reserved for traditional heads of families ("matai)" and two for special constituencies: These two seats were first reserved for Samoan citizens from non-Samoan descent and elected on a non-territorial basis.

2021 Samoan constitutional crisis

A constitutional crisis began in Samoa on 22 May 2021 when O le Ao o le Malo (Head of State) Tuimalealiifano Va'aletoa Sualauvi II stopped the meeting of the Legislative Assembly from meeting in the aftermath of the general election in April 2021. 

Court rulings had supported the election results, giving a parliamentary majority to the Faʻatuatua i le Atua Samoa ua Tasi (FAST) party, led by Fiamē Naomi Mataʻafa. On 24 May 2021, a ceremony was held outside of Parliament to swear in Mata'afa as prime minister. On 23 July the Court of Appeal declared that the ceremony legit.

Stresa–Mottarone cable car crash

The Stresa–Mottarone cable car crash was an accident that happened on 23 May 2021, The accident took place between the Italian commune of Stresa and the top of Mottarone. An aerial tram on the Stresa–Alpino–Mottarone Cable Car crashed to the ground after a cable broke about from the summit of Mottarone, a mountain in northwest Italy near Lake Maggiore in Piedmont, . The crash killed fourteen people n the cable car. One child was seriously injured.

The cable car was traveling on a line connecting the town of Stresa with the summit of Mottarone when it crashed into a wooded area. The incident was deadliest cable car disaster in Italy since the 1998 Cavalese cable car disaster.

Malian Armed Forces

The Malian Armed Forces () is made up of the Army (), Republic of Mali Air Force (), and National Guard (). 

It has about 7,000 members and are under the control of the Minister of Armed Forces and Veterans.

Moctar Ouane

Moctar Ouane (born October 11, 1955) is a Malian diplomat and politician. He was the Acting Prime Minister of Mali from September 27, 2020 until being removed in a coup on May 25, 2021. He became prime minister following the deposition of the government of President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from May 2004 to April 2011.

On August 27, 2021, Moctar Ouane was released from house arrest.

Samuel E. Wright

Samuel Edward Wright (November 20, 1946 – May 24, 2021) was an American actor and singer. He was best known as the voice of Sebastian in Disney's "The Little Mermaid". In the movie, he sang "Under the Sea", which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. He also played Dizzy Gillespie in the 1988 movie "Bird".

Wright also played Mufasa in the original cast of "The Lion King" on Broadway and voiced Kron the Iguanodon in Disney's 2000 movie "Dinosaur".

Camden, South Carolina

Camden is a city in Kershaw County, South Carolina, United States. It is the largest city and county seat of Kershaw County. The population was 7,788 in the 2020 census.

Walden, New York

Walden is the largest of three villages of the Town of Montgomery in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 6,818 at the 2020 census.

Montgomery, New York

Montgomery is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 23,322 at the 2020 census.

Montgomery (village), New York

Montgomery is a village in Orange County, New York, United States, 60 (97 km) miles northwest of New York City, and 90 miles (140 km) southwest of Albany. The population was 3,834 at the 2020 census. 

Maybrook, New York

Maybrook is a village in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 3,150 at the 2020 census.

List of The Backyardigans episodes

The Backyardigans is an animated television show for children. It was created by Janice Burgess. It was first broadcast on the Canadian network Treehouse TV on September 11, 2004. It was first broadcast in the United States for the first time on October 11, 2004 on Nick Jr. The show finished broadcasting all of its episodes in the United States on July 12, 2013. The show has 80 episodes over four seasons.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Ebru Gündeş

Ebru Gündeş (born 12 October 1974) is a Turkish singer, actress.


Ayşegül Coşkun

Ayşegül Coşkun (born 17 June 1985) is a Turkish singer and actress.

Everybody in Our Family

Everybody in Our Family () is a 2012 Romanian Dutch psychological thriller drama movie directed by Radu Jude and starring Șerban Pavlu, Sofia Nicolaescu, Mihaela Sîrbu, Gabriel Spahiu, Tamara Buciuceanu, Stela Popescu.

Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn

Bad Luck Banging of Loony Porn is a 2021 Romanian Croatian Czech Luxembourgian comedy-drama movie directed by Radu Jude and starring Katia Pascariu, Claudia Ieremia, Olimpia Mălai, Nicodim Ungureanu.

Voices from Chernobyl (movie)

Voices from Chernobyl () is a 2016 Luxembourgian Austrian Belarusian Ukrainian documentary movie directed by Pol Cruchten and was based on the 1997 oral history novel by Svetlana Alexievitch.

Erica Watson

Erica Faye Watson (February 26, 1973 – February 27, 2021) was an American actress, comedian and writer. She is best known for her roles in "Precious" and "Chi-Raq".

Watson grew up in Chicago. She attended St. Thomas the Apostle Elementary School and Kenwood High School. She graduated from Columbia College Chicago.

She died of complications from COVID-19 in Montego Bay, where she had been living until her death, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Jamaica, one day after her 48th birthday.

Eurovision Young Musicians

The Eurovision Young Musicians (French: L'Eurovision des Jeunes Musiciens; abbrev. as EYM or shortened as Young Musicians), is a biennial classical music competition for European musicians that are aged between 12 and 21. It is organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and broadcast on television throughout Europe, with some countries holding national elections to choose their representatives for the contest.

Some of the competitors are famous musicians like Anna Markland and Paul Meyer. The latest winner of the Eurovision Young Musicians is Daniel Matejča with the piece "3"Violin Concerto No. 1 (written by Dmitri Shostakovich) of Czechia. The Eurovision Young Musicians was created by the EBU based on the BBC Young Musician. The first contest took place at the Free Trade Hall, Manchester, UK on 11 May 1982 and the last contest celebrated took place at the Usher Hall, Edinburgh, UK. The Eurovision Young Musicians 2020 was planned and later canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, to take place at the King Tomislav Square in Zagreb, Croatia.



Shakshouka

Shakshouka (‎) is a dish of poached eggs on a type of tomato sauce. The tomato sauce has olive oil, peppers, onion, and garlic. It might be seasoned with cumin, paprika, and cayenne. Shakshouka originated in Ottoman North Africa in the mid-16th century after tomatoes were introduced to the region by Hernan Cortés as part of the Columbian exchange.

Where this dish actually came from is still disputed with claims of Moroccan, Tunisian, Turkish, and Yemeni origins. The dish has been part of Sephardic cuisine for a long time.

Shakshouka can have different ways of cooking or seasonings. Meat, cheese (usually feta) and other foods could be added to the dish.

Shakshouka is served for breakfast, but it can be served any time of the day, like in Israel.

Koechlin's tree frog

Koechlin's tree frog ("Dendropsophus koechlini") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Colombia, and Brazil.

The adult male frog can be 23.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be 28.1 cm long. This frog can change color. It is yellow or tan at night and darker brown with markings during the day.

This frog is named after Jose E. Koechlin von Stein, who owned the Albergue Cuzco Amazonico.

BLM (law firm)

BLM LLP is an insurance and dispute resolution law firm based in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was rebranded from Berrymans Lace Mawer following the merger with HBM Sayers in May 2014.
BLM provides legal services in 50 areas of law, grouped into eleven key market sectors: brokers, construction and property, general insurance, healthcare, leisure and hospitality, Lloyds and London market, manufacturing, public sector, retail, TMT and transport and logistics.
BLM has 13 offices across the UK and Ireland. The firm has approximately 1,550 staff including 170 partners (as of 1 May 2014) and 630 lawyers and technical experts.

Damiano David

Damiano David is an Italian singer and songwriter best known as the vocalist of the Italian rock band Måneskin, which won the Sanremo Music Festival 2021 and the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 (as the Italian representative in the latter) with the song "Zitti e buoni". He is noted for his "natural charisma of the great frontmen", and as an Italian fashion icon.

Damiano was born in Rome, Italy, to flight attendant parents. Due to the nature of his parents' work, he and his brother travelled worldwide from an early age and were introduced to various cultures. Until he was 17, he showed some talent playing basketball as a point guard at the local club Eurobasket Roma. He recalls that the basketball experience gave him fundamental discipline to succeed in his life.

Damiano started singing when he was only six years old. He met Victoria De Angelis, Thomas Raggi and Ethan Torchio, his future band members from Måneskin, during high school days. He studied at the liceo linguistico Eugenio Montale in Rome, but he did not complete high school and instead devoted himself to his music career, for which he also had the support of his parents. When introduced for the position of a vocalist for their local band, he was initially rejected because his style was considered "too pop", but his insistence to be in the band eventually got him accepted. Damiano soon changed his demeanor and style, especially his stage persona, because he learned how to freely express himself, as well as gaining confidence in his sexuality. The band was formed in 2016 and initially played as buskers in the streets of the city of Rome, but in 2017 they soon rose to prominence when they finished second in the eleventh season of the Italian talent show "X Factor". The band had a breakthrough debut with the studio album "Il ballo della vita" and tour in 2018 and 2019. In 2021, their second studio album "" was released.

After their win at the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 he was falsely accused of drug use during the final. Damiano and his bandmates have been anti-drug advocates since the beginning. Damiano himself stated in his "Vogue Italia" interview, "we are not falling into the stereotype of the alcoholic and drugged rock star". He believes that creativity comes from a "healthy, trained and lucid" mind and it is contradicting trying to truly express "our own self by binding ourselves to something that instead makes us dependent, slaves", also referring to the 27 Club.

Against numerous rumors about Damiano's personal life, in 2021 he announced that he has been dating Giorgia Soleri for almost four years.

Kateryna Pavlenko

Kateryna Pavlenko (Ukrainian: Катерина Анатоліївна Павленко; born August 10, 1988, Nizhyn, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian singer, folklorist, composer, and soloist of the Go_A band.

She was born in 1988 in Nizhyn, Chernihiv region. Kateryna's mother is a former soldier. Raised by grandparents.

Due to unsatisfactory living conditions, she developed lung disease. As a teenager, she underwent several surgeries, including surgery to remove a lung tumour. After that she can't sing in the traditional way. "The sound is not formed in my lungs or bronchi, because there is not much space there, but somewhere here (points to the back of the head). This is especially true of high notes," she said.

During her school years she studied at the Nizhyn Music School in the vocal and choral department. She sang in the children's choir "Shine". She studied instruments - piano and guitar. According to Pavlenko, teachers guided her to pursue opera singing in the future.

In 2009 she graduated from the Nizhyn School of Culture and Arts named after Maria Zankovetska with a degree in folk choir conductor (faculty - folk choir).

During her studies at the school she was a member of several local rock bands: "Contours of Shadows", "My spirit".

In 2009-2013 she studied at the Kyiv National University of Culture and Arts at the Faculty of Music (specialization "Folklore").

During her student years she directed the ensemble "Vytynanka", sang in the ensemble "Queen" (KNUKiM).

She studied the folklore of the left-bank Kyiv region (Baryshiv district, Berezani suburbs, etc.). She was interested in the folklore of Chornobyl Polissya.

In 2012, she joined the band Go_A, six months after its creation. At first, she performed as a backing vocalist, later she became a soloist.

As part of the band Go_A released 1 studio album "Go to the sound" and several singles.

Since 2017, Pavlenko has been the leader of the Veterans' Choir in Berezan (Kyiv Region) at the City House of Culture. Under her leadership, the choir won the title of folk. According to Kateryna Pavlenko, this is one of the strongest feelings when 30 voices sing under her direction.

At the same time she wrote poems and solo songs, which he published under the pseudonym "Monokate".

On February 22, 2020, together with the band Go_A, she won the National selection for the song contest "Eurovision-2020" with the song "Nightingale". Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the contest was cancelled, but Go_A represented Ukraine next year at Eurovision-2021 with the song SHUM. In the final of the competition, the band took the 5th place in the sum of points from the national jury and the spectators (according to the results of the spectator voting - the 2nd place, and in the semifinals the team won the 1st place).

Dunabogdány

Dunabogdány is a village in Pest county, in Hungary.

Dunabodgány is located near the Dunakanyar, between Visegrád and Tahitótfalu.

Road 11 is heading through the village, which connects the village with Esztergom and Budapest.

The environment was inhabited in prehistoric times due to its natural endowments. In Roman times, the Roman limes passed through the settlement. In 430, the Huns invaded the entire Pannonia province. The Huns later used the camps of the Romans as fortifications, including "Cirpi". Bogdány was a significant royal city in the XIV-XV. century; even the duty was exempted. The Turkish conquests did not spare Dunabogdány either: after the occupation of the Visegrád castle, the village fell into Turkish hands. The castle was abandoned by the Turks in 1686. In 1725, Danube Swabians were settled in the village, which tripled the population of the village.


Chuckle Time

Chuckle Time is a British television series which was shown on Channel 5 in 2018. Barry and Paul Elliott, who are The Chuckle Brothers, hosted the series. As with "You've Been Framed!", "America's Funniest Home Videos" and "Australia's Funniest Home Video Show", videos could be uploaded to be shown on it. Official press releases said it is "fails, flops, and funnies” The Chuckle Brothers watch and react to. They performed sketches between the videos. It was their last television series together.

12 episodes were to be shown, but 6 were because Barry Elliott suddenly died on 5 August 2018, when he was 73 years old. The last episode was shown in tribute to him. It is not known if more episodes were recorded, but it was later said he had to stop filming part-way because be became ill.

Eurovision Song Contest 2022

The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 was the 66th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest that took place in Turin, Italy, after Måneskin won for their country in Rotterdam, Netherlands in 2021. 40 countries participated in the 2022 edition, one more than in 2021. It was the first time since 2011 that a "Big Five" country hosted the contest. The contest was won by Kalush Orchestra representing Ukraine

The two semi-finals was held on 10 and 12 May, the Grand Final was held on 14 May 2022.

In January 2022 the official artwork and slogan were announced. The slogan for the 2022 contest was "The Sound of Beauty".

The shows was hosted by Alessandro Cattelan, Laura Pausini and Mika. Both Laura and Mika are famous Italian-born singers. 

in October 2021 it was officially announced that the contest will take place in the Pala Alpitour in Turin. Turin is Italy´s fourth largest city. It will be the third time in a row that not a capital city will host the event after Rotterdam and Tel Aviv.

The EBU announced on 20 October 2021 that 41 countries would participate in the 2022 contest. Armenia and Montenegro will both return to the contest after a two-year break. In February 2022, right after the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the EBU announced to ban Russia from this year´s contest. Russia was originally on the list of participants and should have taken part. Therefore 40 countries participated in 2022. 

17 countries performed in the first semi-final on 10 May 2022. 10 countries qualified, the other 7 missed the spot for the Grand Final. Like in the years before, both the international juries from each country as well as the public will decide who will qualify for the final. The votes will be added up separately.

18 countries performed in the first semi-final on 12 May 2022. 10 countries qualified, the other 8 missed the spot for the Grand Final.

The Final took place on 14 May 2022. Twenty-five countries participated in the final, composing of the "Big Five" (among which is the host country Italy) and the qualifiers from each semi-final. All the 40 participating countries voted in the final. The host country Italy performed 9th in the final, which was decided by the production team. 

Pamela Hayden

Pamela Hayden (born November 28, 1953) is an American actress and voice actress.She is best known for providing various voices for the animated television program "The Simpsons". She is the voice of characters including Rod Flanders, Jimbo Jones, and Milhouse Van Houten.

Kenneth C. Griffin

Kenneth Cordele "Ken" Griffin (born October 15, 1968) is an American hedge fund manager and businessman. He is the founder, chief executive officer and Co-chief investment officer of Citadel LLC and Citadel Securities. The two businesses provide trading services to asset managers, banks, broker-dealers and hedge fund.

Mr. Griffin was born in 1968 in Daytona Beach, Florida. Griffin attended Harvard University, where he launched his first fund from his dormitory room at the age of 19. Griffin graduated in 1989 with a degree in Economics. After graduating, he moved to Chicago.

Griffin founded Citadel, in 1990. Citadel LLC is an American multinational Hedge fund and financial services company. The company manages the capital of retirement programs, endowment programs and foundations and sovereign wealth funds. Citadel categorizes its areas of operations into distinct segments and groups their subsidiaries into three companies: Citadel the asset manager, Citadel Securities the market maker, and Citadel Technology. 




In 2002, he was issued his first American patent (USP 20020138387) for Method and system for measuring exposure of an investment fund to an issuer of financial assets.


Griffin is also listed as co-inventor on other U.S. patents issued to his corporation and its affiliates. He has filed for patents to protect the following inventions: 

Premiera

Premiera is a 1976 Romanian comedy movie. Mihai Constantinescu directed it. Tamara Buciuceanu, Carmen Stănescu, Radu Beligan, Toma Caragiu, Dem Rădulescu, Vasilica Tastaman, Aurel Giurumia, Carmen Galin, and Gheorghe Dinică acted in it.

A Case of Murder

A Case of Murder is a 2004 South African thriller movie. Clive Morris directed it. Ben Kurger, Steve Hofmeyr, Candice Hillebrand, Gideon Emery, and Anthony Fridjohn acted in the movie.

Silent Wedding

Silent Wedding () is a 2008 Romanian Luxembourgian French comedy-drama movie. Horațiu Mălăele directed it. Meda Andreea Victor, Alexandru Potocean, Valentin Teodosiu, Nicolae Urs, Tamara Buciuceanu, and Tudorel Filimon acted in the movie.

Naruto (season 1)

The first season of "Naruto" is directed by hayato date. Based on, masashi Kishimoto's manga series, the season follows Naruto Uzumaki living in the Hidden leaf village determined to become the next Hogake and gain the respect of the villagers.

In Japan, the season released in both VHS and DVD format. A total of twelve volumes were released by Sony pictures entertainment between January 1 and December 3,2003.

Toonz Animation India

Toonz Animation India Pvt. Ltd. is an animation company in India. It is the animation arm of the Singapore-based Toonz Group.

Toonz Animation was started in 1999 by G. A. Menon and Bill Dennis, who had worked on Disney's "The Little Mermaid", "Beauty and the Beast" and "Aladdin". Toonz Animation is in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), the capital city of Kerala. Its office is in the Technopark.

Toonz Animation organizes an industry event called Animation Masters Summit every year. The event brings together top industry experts, vibrant animation professionals and aspiring young minds together to discuss trends and initiatives shaping the global animation industry.

Major projects on which Toonz Animation has worked include "The Adventures of Tenali Raman", "Return of Hanuman", "Freefonix", "Wolverine and the X-Men", "Dragonlance: Dragons of Autumn Twilight", "Kid Krrish", and "Gaturro".

Toonz Animation also produces the popular cricket based 2D animated teleseries "Howzzattt".
Toonz Animation operates and promotes several digital channels. Toonz channels are available on YouTube, Dailymotion, Amazon Prime, Roku and other digital platforms.


Loiyumpa Silyel

The Loiyumpa Silyel (Modern Meitei: "Loiyumba Sinyen"), also termed as the Loyumpa Silyel (Modern Meitei: "Loyumba Sinyen") or the Loiyumpa Shilyel (Modern Meitei: "Loiyumba Shinyen") or the Loyumpa Shilyel (Modern Meitei: "Loyumba Shinyen") or the Loyamba Sinyen (), is an 11th-12th century written constitution, regulated in the Manipur kingdom during the regime of King Loiyumba (1074-1122 CE). A promulgation of the proto-constitution in 429 CE by King Naophangba was reduced to a final format in 1110 CE. Historically, it is the first written constitution, and one of the well recorded antique manuscripts of the kingdom. Its Constitutionalism was replaced by the Manipur State Constitution Act, 1947, that was functional until Manipur was merged into India on October 15, 1949.

It includes the accounts of the distribution of the duties to the subjects of the king. Its rules and regulations remains to be an authoritative work in the Meitei social system till the present day Manipur.

The following is the list of Meitei families who were given the duties of serving particular pantheons of gods and goddesses of the ancient Meitei religion.



2021 San Jose shooting

On May 26, 2021, a mass shooting took place at a Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) rail yard in San Jose, California, United States. Ten people were killed, including the gunman, 57-year-old VTA employee Samuel James Cassidy, who shot and killed himself.

In total, there were 10 deaths caused by the gunman. The gunman would be confirmed to be dead towards the end of the shooting, after 9 others had died.

List of awards and nominations received by Chungha

Kim Chung-ha, better known by the mononym Chungha, is a South Korean singer. She finished fourth in Mnet's girl group survival show "Produce 101" and was a member of the resulting girl group I.O.I. Chungha made her solo debut in June 2017 with extended play "Hands on Me".


Refinancing

Loan refinancing means taking out a new loan to pay off one or more outstanding loans. 

Borrowers usually do this to get lower interest rates or to otherwise reduce their repayments. It can also reduce or alter risk by switching between a variable-rate and a fixed-rate loan. 

Refinancing can be used to get a longer term loan with lower monthly payments. In these cases, the total amount paid will increase, as interest will have to be paid for a longer period of time. Some fixed-term loans have penalty clauses - a charge for early repayment of the loan, in part or in full. There are normally transaction fees on the refinancing.

Refinancing also means providing a central bank of commercial banks with additional reserves on a credit basis, such as borrowed reserves. The initiators of refinancing are commercial banks. They turn to the central bank when they cannot replenish their reserves from other sources.

A Wedding (2016 movie)

A Wedding () is a 2016 Belgian French Pakistani Luxembourgian drama movie directed by Stephan Streker and starring Lina El Arabi, Babak Karimi, Neena Kulkarni, Olivier Gourmet, Aurora Marion.

Dendropsophus arndti

Arndt's Tree Frog ("Dendropsophus arndti") is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 148 and 529 meters above sea level.

Ougri

The Ougri Hangen or the Ougri Hangken, also known as the Leiroi Nongloi Esei, is a Meitei cultural ritual song with various appellations of the sun and the mythology of creation. It is often sung in the conclusion of the Lai Haraoba festival. Its theme is closely associated with the creation myth of the earth itself. It is also regarded as the song of thanksgiving to the Almighty God. It is always sung in the chorus formed by the male singers with the maiba as the precentor and is strongly enjoined that the chains of the singers forming a circle should never be snapped. It is also known for its incantatory power, for with the alteration of a few lines, it is believed to have been able to cause either prosperity or destruction of the kingdom and the people. Many rulers performed by themselves the rites of singing it with an accompanying dance on the occasion of their conquests or coronation. According to the manuscript "Laisra Pham", a treatise on administration and social conduct, "Ougri" is refered to as sung at the coronation of Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa in 33 AD. The Naothingkhong Phambal Kaba mentions it as being taught by the sage Luwawg king to the Meitei prince as a part of the Meitei lore, which according to the chronicle Cheitharol Kumbaba, took place just prior to 663 AD.
In some cases, it is also refered to as the actual war songs of the Meitei people.
Notably, it is regarded as one of the earliest gems in the Meitei literature (Manipuri literature).

Garlic bread

Garlic bread (also called garlic toast) is a type of toasted bread. It is made of bread (usually baguette), garlic, and some sort of fat (usually olive oil or butter). Other toppings can go into the bread such as oregano, cheese, or black pepper. The bread is then toasted either in a oven or grill. It can be served as a side dish, or as a full meal.

Garlic bread came from bruschetta, which appeared in Italy around the 15th century, and could've gone back to Ancient Rome.

Ken Garland

Ken Garland (1929– 20 May 2021) was a British graphic designer, photographer, writer and educator. He was known for his writing on design and the prolific work of his studio Ken Garland & Associates.

Ougri festival

The OUGRI is an annual cultural and technical festival organized by the National Institute of Technology (NIT), Manipur. Its name is derived from the ancient cultural dance and music performance, Ougri of the Lai Haraoba festival.

There are many events organized in the festival, which includes sports, battle of bands, modern dance and cultural dance, DJ-night, mock placement, men soccer and LAN gaming in the NIT Manipur campus, Takyelpat. The bands that participate in the battle of bands in the year 2015 include Agro, Freedom Band, Karima Band, MIT, Dominik, Abundant Life, Virgo Diamond, Riverted, Meitrabak and Electrify.


Hanger steak

Hanger steak is a type of meat cut. It comes from the plate muscle like the skirt steak. It is similar to a flank steak. It is known to be a cheap and tender cut.

It might be called the hanger steak as the muscle is hanged on the diaphragm.

Its U.S. meat-cut is grouped as NAMP 140.

It was known as a butchers steak since butchers would previously keep the steak for themselves.

The hanger steak is becoming more popular in Europe. In Britain it is called a "skirt steak", not to be confused with the American skirt steak. In French it is known as the , in Italian the , in Dutch the , in Polish the , and in Spanish the or or .

Like other steak cuts, the hanger steak can be cooked with different methods.

Oswald Mosley

Sir Oswald Ernald Mosley, 6th Baronet (16 November 1896 – 3 December 1980) was a British fascist politician.

He rose to fame in the 1920s as a Member of Parliament and later became disillusioned with mainstream politics.

He became the leader of the British Union of Fascists (BUF). Mosley was the sixth baronet to hold the title, which had been in his family for over a century.

After belonging to both the Conservative Party and the Labour Party, Mosley set up his "New Party", which became the British Union of Fascists. He was anti-semitic (against jews), and there were street riots in London and Leicester in 1935.

Mosley was interned in May 1940, and the BUF was banned. He was released in 1943. Internment is putting people in prison to prevent their being able to act against the national interest. Its main use is to protect public safety. It has not been done in Britain since WWII.

Disgraced by his association with fascism, Mosley moved abroad in 1951. He spent most of the rest of his life in Paris.

Jaime Lerner

Jaime Lerner (December 17, 1937 – May 27 , 2021) was a Brazilian politician. He was the governor of the state of Paraná, in southern Brazil. He was an architect and urban planner. He was mayor of Curitiba, capital of Paraná, three times (1971–75, 1979–84 and 1989–92). In 1994, Lerner was elected governor of Paraná, and was reelected in 1998.

Lerner died of kidney disease on May 27, 2021, at the age of 83.

Carla Fracci

Carla Fracci (; 20 August 1936 – 27 May 2021) was an Italian ballet dancer and actress. Fracci became one of the most experienced and well known dancer of Romantic ballets. Her best known performances were in "Nijinsky", "Giselle" (American Ballet Theatre), and Complete Bell Telephone Hour Performances: Erik Bruhn 1961-1967.

She was best known for her performances in "Giselle".

Fracci died in her hometown Milan on 27 May 2021, at the age of 84 from cancer.

Oatmeal cookie

A oatmeal cookie is a type of cookie. It is made with the same ingredients as a plain cookie, but cooking oats are added to the dough later. It has thought to come from the Scottish oatcake. It has become popular in the United States.

Ring Tone Text Transfer Language

Ring Tone Text Transfer Language (RTTTL), also known as Nokring, was made by Nokia to allow ringtones to be moved to their cellphones.

This is an RTTTL ringtone. This one is named Haunted House:

codice_1

RTTTL has three parts, which are all separated by one colon each. All of them must be there.

RTTTL is defined in a similar way to Music Macro Language, which many early microcomputers have in their BASIC implementations.

These standard musical durations can be used:

Adding a period (".") character to the end of a note increases the length of the note by half, which can be used to make dotted rhythm patterns.

These pitches can be used:

RTTTL has 4 octaves, starting from the A below middle C and going up four octaves, because cellphones could not play some tones audibly at the time it was made. These octaves are numbered from lowest pitch to highest pitch from 4 to 7.

The octave should be left out of the note to prevent rests or pauses in the pattern.



2009 FIFA Puskás Award

The 2009 FIFA Puskás Award was the first FIFA Puskás Award. It was awarded on December 21, 2009, during the 2009 FIFA World Player of the Year Gala in Switzerland. Real Madrid player Cristiano Ronaldo was the winner of the award, for a goal he scored while he was playing at Manchester United.

Sorrento, Louisiana

Sorrento is a town in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jackson, Louisiana

Jackson is a town in East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jonesville, Louisiana

Jonesville is a town in Catahoula Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Patterson, Louisiana

Patterson is a small city in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Harahan, Louisiana

Harahan is the third-largest city in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Westwego, Louisiana

Westwego is the fourth-largest city in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

St. Gabriel, Louisiana

St. Gabriel is a city in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Kaplan, Louisiana

Kaplan is a small city in Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Wind River (movie)

Wind River is a 2017 American movie starring Elizabeth Olsen, Jeremy Renner, Kelsey Asbille and Graham Greene. Taylor Sheridan wrote and directed the movie. It is about a Native American woman who goes missing in Wyoming on the Wind River Indian Reservation. It is rated R. It is 1 hour and 47 minutes long.

Jane Banner (Olsen), who is an FBI agent, goes to Wyoming to solve a murder. Wildlife officer Cory Lambert (Renner) helps her. Lambert had found the body of a young Native American woman named Natalie (Asbille). Lambert helps because he knew Natalie and because his own daughter had been found dead years earlier. Natalie had been barefoot in the snow. Because she died on a reservation and is a Native American, the FBI, police and tribal police must work together to find out what happened.

The story is fiction, but it is about how many Native American women go missing each year and how the laws in the United States make it harder to solve those crimes.

The movie has an 87% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It had positive reviews from "The Guardian", "Rolling Stone", "The New York Times", and the "LA Times" and three stars from Roger Ebert's group.


Wind River Indian Reservation

The Wind River Indian Reservation is a place in Wyoming in the United States where Native Americans live. Eastern Shoshone and the Northern Arapaho live there. It is the seventh largest reservation in the United States. Wind River is in size.

Wind River Reservation was started in 1868 for the Eastern Shoshone. The Arapaho came later. The Arapaho tried to get along with whites and help the government, so sometimes the government gave them more land or help, even though that was not always legal.

Fort Washakie is in Wind River. Before 1868, it was called Fort Brown. The Buffalo Soldiers were stationed there. Sacagawea, the woman who went with Lewis and Clark is buried there.

Some of the powwows at Wind River are open to the public. There are many museums and cultural centers.

I Do Not Care If We Go Down in History as Barbarians

I Do Not Care If We Go Down in History as Barbarians () is a 2018 Romanian Czech German French Bulgarian World War II black comedy movie directed by Radu Jude and starring Ioana Iacob, Alex Bogdan, Alexandru Dabija.

The Doom

The Doom () is a 1976 Romanian drama movie directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu (who also stars) and starring Amza Pellea, Ernest Maftei, Gheorghe Dinică, Aimée Iacobescu.

Revolution (1985 movie)

Revolution is a 1985 British Norwegian adventure period drama movie directed by Hugh Hudson and starring Al Pacino, Donald Sutherland, Nastassja Kinski, Dexter Fletcher, Joan Plowright, Steven Berkoff, Annie Lennox, Richard O'Brien, Frank Windsor, Jesse Birdsall, Graham Greene, Robbie Coltrane. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Lev Mei

Lev Aleksandrovich Mei ( (name sometimes transliterated as Lev Mey); ) was a Russian dramatist and poet. He wrote the historical dramas, "The Tsar's Bride" (1849), "Servilia" (1854) and "The Maid of Pskov" (1859), all three of which the composer, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, later used as the basis for operas. In St. Petersburg, Mei contributed leading Russian magazines, including "Biblioteka Dlya Chteniya", "Otechestvennye Zapiski", "Syn Otechestva", "Russkoye Slovo", "Russkiy Mir", and "Svetoch".

United States Fish and Wildlife Service

The United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS or FWS) is an agency of the US federal government within the United States Department of the Interior dedicated to the management of fish, wildlife, and natural habitats. The mission of the agency is "working with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people."

COVID-19 pandemic in Bahrain

The COVID-19 pandemic in Bahrain is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). , there are 266,426 confirmed cases, with 1,360 deaths, and 262,814 recoveries in Bahrain.

The first case in Bahrain was confirmed on 21 February 2020, a school bus driver who came from Iran via Dubai.

COVID-19 pandemic in Florida

The COVID-19 pandemic was first detected in the U.S. state of Florida on March 1, 2020. 

COVID-19 pandemic in Mississippi

The COVID-19 pandemic was first detected in the U.S. state of Mississippi on March 12, 2020. 

COVID-19 pandemic in New York (state)

The COVID-19 pandemic was first detected in the U.S. state of New York in February 2020.

Michael the Brave (movie)

Michael the Brave () is a 1971 Romanian French Italian biographical drama movie directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu and starring Amza Pellea, Ion Besoiu, Olga Tudorache, Irina Gardescu, Ilarion Ciobanu, Ioana Bulcă, Septimiu Sever. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Who Shot Mr. Burns?

"Who Shot Mr. Burns?" is an episode of The Simpsons in two parts. The first part is the 25th and last episode of the 6th season. The second part is the first episode of the 7th season. Both parts were first broadcast on the Fox network. The first part was broadcast on May 21, 1995 and the second part was broadcast on September 17, 1995. In the first part, oil is found at the Springfield Elementary School. Mr. Burns takes all of the oil and tries to make everyone in Springfield angry. Mr. Burns later gets shot by someone. In the second part, the police in Springfield try to find the person who shot Mr. Burns. They believe the suspects are Mr. Smithers and Homer Simpson. 

Both of the parts were written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein. The first part was directed by Jeffrey Lynch and the second part was directed by Wes Archer. Tito Puente guest starrs in both parts. The idea of the story came from Matt Groening (creator of "The Simpsons"). The writers made his idea become an episode with two parts. The first part has many clues for who shot Mr. Burns becaues the writers wanted people to be able to figure it out. The episode's story came from the "Dallas" episode "A House Divided", where J. R. Ewing gets shot. Before the second part was broadcast, fans debated on who shot Mr. Burns. Fox started a contest about it over the summer of 1995.

At the Springfield Elementary School, Groundskeeper Willie makes a hole to put a dead classroom pet in. He finds oil under the school and makes the school rich. Principal Skinner and Superintendent Chalmers ask the students and teachers on how they should use the money. Student Lisa Simpson wants them to hire Tito Puente as a music teacher. 

At the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, Homer is sad because his bossboss Mr. Burns keeps forgetting his name. His wife Marge tells him to give Burns a box of chocolates with a picture of the family under it. Burns and his assistant Mr. Smithers eat all of the chocolates except for the one above Homer's face. Burns writes a card that thanks only Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie. This makes Homer start feeling angry.

Mr. Burns thinks of a way to take the oil from the school. He makes people build a slant drill. The drill gets all of the oil before the school can get any. The slant drill causes many problems for the people in Springfield. Groundskeeper Willie and Tito Puente must be fired from the school. Moe Szyslak must close down his tavern because of the oil's fumes. The retirement home Grampa Simpson lives at gets destroyed and must live at the Simpson family's house. The slant drill throws oil at Bart's treehouse, which destroys the treehouse and breaks Santa's Little Helper's legs.

Burns tells Smithers that he has built a machine that will block the sun in Springfield. He hopes this will take away all of the sunlight and will make people buy his electricity. Smithers tells Burns that he is hurting too many people, which makes Burns fire Smithers. Homer gets very angry at Burns for not knowing his name. He quietly goes into Burns' office and writes "I am Homer Simpson" on a wall with spray paint. Burns sees him but still does not remember his name. Homer attacks Burns and gets taken away by Burns' security guards.

The people in Springfield start a town meeting to talk about what Burns has done to them. Burns goes to the town meeting with a gun to defend himself. He starts the machine that blocks the sun. He walks away into an alley and gets shot. Burns becomes weak and falls on a sundial. Many people in Springfield find him on the sundial. Marge says that since he made many people angry, everyone there is a suspect. Chief Wiggum says that he will get the police to start an investigation.

Mr. Burns is taken to a hospital. Smithers says that he remembers shooting someone, but does not remember who he shot. Smithers believe he has shot Burns and talks about it at a church, where he gets arrested. When he gets shown on television, Smithers references an episode of a fake show on Comedy Central. Sideshow Mel knows what he is referencing and tells police that Smithers is innocent. He says this because Smithers was watching the episode when Mr. Burns was shot. Smithers said in the town meeting that he always watches the show. He then remembers that he actually shot an elderly man with a leg made out of wood. 

Lisa helps the police with the investigation. They talk to other suspects and find that they are innocent. Tito Puente says that he would not shoot Burns, but instead he would perform a mambo song about it. Skinner was putting make-up on when Chalmers finds him doing so. Willie can not shoot with a gun since he has arthritis in his fingers. Moe gets put on a polygraph (lie detector) that says he did not shoot Burns. A dream tells Wiggum to look in the suit Burns was wearing when he was shot. They find DNA on the suit that is from anyone in the Simpson family. Mr. Burns wakes up at the hospital and yells "Homer Simpson!" The police raid the Simpsons' house and find a gun under their car's seats. The gun has Homer's fingerprints and the bullets in the gun are the same kind that were used to shoot Mr. Burns. Homer gets arrested and is put in a police van. At a restaurant drive-thru, the police van falls over and lets Homer run out of the van. 

The doctors at the hospital learn that "Homer Simpson" are the only words Burns can say. Lisa investigates where Burns was shot to see if there is anything that shows that Homer did not shoot him. The police learn that Homer is in the hospital that Burns is at. They go to Burns' room and find Homer shaking him. Burns can now speak normally but forgets Homer's name again. Homer gets very angry and points a gun at Burns' head. Burns laughs and says that Homer did not shoot him. He then tells everyone who really shot him: Maggie. 

He tells the story of how Maggie shot him. After he left the town meeting, he finds Maggie with a lollipop in the Simpsons' car. He tries to take the lollipop, but Maggie will not let him. Burns takes it, but his gun falls out of his suit. The gun falls on Maggie's hands, who accidentally shoots him. Homer later leaves fingerprints on the gun while trying to find something he dropped under the seats. When Burns fell on the sundial, he moved his arms to the "S" (south) and "W" (west) sides of the sundial. Lisa believes that he saw the "W" as an "M" and put his arms there to show who shot him. Burns tells Lisa that he did not know he moved his arms in that way. He says that he wants Maggie to be arrested, but Chief Wiggum tells him that she is too young to be arrested.

Matt Groening got the idea to make an episode where Mr. Burns was shot. He thought this idea could be used to get more people's attention. The writers wanted the episode to be in two parts with a mystery that could be used for a contest. They made it so that the mystery had clues, had hidden images, and that it would be easy to understand who shot Burns. Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein (the writers of the episode) got the idea for Barney Gumble to be the one who shot Mr. Burns. David Mirkin wanted Maggie to do it because he thought it would be funnier if someone from the Simpson family did it.

Producers of "The Simpsons" wanted to make sure not many people knew who did it. David Silverman was the only animator who knew it while the episode was being made. Wes Archer (director of the second part) did not know that Maggie shot Mr. Burns. Silver and Archer did not work on the animation of the ending until summer in 1995. They made other animators do smaller work so that they did not know who did it. In the table-read (when the show's staff read the script) of the episode, they did not read the ending. Parts of the animation had to be made again so that it got the clues to the mystery. Oakley and Weinstein were not sure if Maggie should have done it, so they made the ending seem as if Maggie may not have shot Mr. Burns accidentally.

Tito Puente and his Latin jazz ensemble were in the episode. They sing the song "Señor Burns". Oakley and Weinstein did not know Puente well enough. They let him in the episode because Groening is a fan of Puente. They thought he would sing the song, but they later learned that Puente is a drummer and is not a singer. One person from his ensemble sung the song instead.

Many hidden clues were put in the first part for people who wanted to figure out who shot Mr. Burns.


David Mirkin wrote many "terrible endings" because the episode was very popular at the time. Harry Shearer voice acted for the different endings. Mirkin wanted to trick the people working on the episode and wanted to show it to the media. However, this was not able to happen. Many of the different endings were animated to show other characters shooting Mr. Burns. Some of these were shown in the episode "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular". That episode showed Barney, Tito, Moe, Apu, and Santa's Little Helper shooting him. Another ending was made with Mr. Burns in the hospital to show that Smithers had shot him. In that ending, Lisa says he falls on the "S" and "W" sides of the sundial because they are the first letters of Smithers' first and last names.

Many years after the episodes were first broadcast, fans have made theories that other characters may have shot Mr. Burns instead of Maggie. On April 2020, one fan said on Reddit that Homer Simpson made himself look like Krusty the Clown when the people in Springfield first find Burns to be shot. The fan used the episode "Homie the Clown" to prove the theory. In that episode, Homer makes himself look like Krusty and makes people think he actually is him. Krusty did not wear a bowtie at the town hall, but he is seen with one near the sundial. Bill Oakley later said that this was not suppose to happen. He also said that animators were told not to put Homer in the ending of the first part.

Before the second part was broadcast, many fans debated over who shot Mr. Burns. Fox started a contest where people who called the telephone number 1-800-COLLECT would be able to say who they think shot Mr. Burns. This contest lasted from August 13 to September 10. Fox started a website about the episodes. More than 500,000 people went on the website in the summer of 1995. The person who won the contest would get to be animated in an episode. The contest rules said that the winner had to be chosen from a random sample of people, even if none of the people in the sample got it right. The random sample that was chosen did not have any right answers. A winner was picked at random out of that sample, who was Fayla Gibson of Washington D.C. Gibson did not want to be in the show and instead got cash for winning.

A television special named Springfield's Most Wanted was broadcast before the second part on September 17, 1995. It was hosted by John Walsh, who is the host of "America's Most Wanted". The special was made to help people figure out who shot Mr. Burns. It shows clues from the first part and talks about suspects of the mystery. Daryl Gates, Dennis Franz, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Kevin Nealon, Chris Elliott, and Andrew Shue talk about who they think did it in the special. Jimmy Vaccaro from The Mirage talked about the odds of who shot Mr. Burns. He said that the odds for Homer are big, with odds of 2:1. Maggie did not have good odds with 70:1. Critics did not like the special. They thought it made the episodes look more popular than they really are.

In 2003, "Entertainmeny Weekly" made a list of 25 episodes of "The Simpsons" they thought were the best. They put both parts of "Who Shot Mr. Burns?" as 25th on the list and called it ""The Simpsons" most pop moment ever". "The Daily Telegraph" and "Entertainment.ie" named the episodes one of the 10 greatest "Simpsons" episodes ever. When "The Simpsons" was put on Disney+, Oakley said that the first part is one of the best episodes to watch there.

Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood (authors of "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide") thought that the first part was a great way to end the sixth season. They said "it's a genuine whodunnit. There's no cheating - all the clues are there." Jake Rossen from "Wizard" put the first part's ending on his list of the best cliffhangers. However, he felt disappointed when it was shown to be Maggie who shot Mr. Burns. He said "Sometimes it's better to make up your own ending, kids." "Entertainment Weekly" put the first part on their list of best season finales (last episode of a season).

The song "Señor Burns" got a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award in 1996. Alf Clausen is the composer of the song and Oakley and Weinstein (the episode's writers) also wrote the lyrics.


Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant

Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant currently under decommissioning near the city of Pripyat in the Kyiv region, which operated from 1977 to 2000.
Construction of the station began in 1970, the first unit was launched in 1977. The nuclear power plant is located at a distance of 2 km from the city of Prypyat, built primarily for its employees. The name is associated with the city of Chernobyl, then the district center of this area. As of the beginning of 1986, Chernobyl was the most powerful nuclear power plant in the European part of the USSR. On April 26, 1986, during a design test, an accident occurred that completely destroyed the station's fourth reactor and caused significant contamination of the surrounding area with radioactive substances. As a result of this catastrophe, the population of Prypyat, Chornobyl and all other settlements within a radius of 30 km around the station was completely evacuated. Today the accident itself is one of the largest man-made disasters in human history.

Kees de Jager

Cornelis "Kees" de Jager (29 April 1921 – 27 May 2021) was a Dutch astronomer. He worked in predicting solar variation to see the Sun's impact on future climate. He was the General Secretary of the IAU from 1967 to 1973 and former director of the observatory at Utrecht. He was a fellow with the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry.

De Jager was born in Den Burg on the island of Texel and died at his home in the same village from problems caused by a fall, aged 100.

Foster Friess

Foster Stephen Friess (April 2, 1940 – May 27, 2021) was an American investment manager and politician. He was a well-known donor to Republican Party and Christian right causes. 

Friess ran for the Republican nomination for Governor of Wyoming in the 2018 election. He lost the nomination to State Treasurer Mark Gordon. 

In March 2021, Friess was diagnosed with myelodysplastic syndrome. On May 27, 2021, he died from the disease in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 81.

Rice Lake, Wisconsin

Rice Lake is a city in Barron County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 8,438.

Barron, Wisconsin

Barron is a city in and county seat of Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 3,423 at the 2010 census.

Jackson Hole

Jackson Hole (originally called Jackson's Hole) is a valley between the Gros Ventre and Teton mountain ranges in the U.S. state of Wyoming, near the border with Idaho. The term "hole" was used by early trappers, or mountain men, as a term for a large mountain valley. 

Jackson Hole is 55 miles long (89 km) long by 6-to-13 miles wide (10 to 21 km) and is a graben valley with an average elevation of 6,800 ft (2,100 m), its lowest point being near the southern park boundary at 6,350 ft (1,940 m).

Gros Ventre Range

The Gros Ventre Range ( ) is part of the Central Rocky Mountains and is located west of the Continental Divide in U.S. state of Wyoming. The highest summit in the range is Doubletop Peak at . The Gros Ventre Range is mostly within the Gros Ventre Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest.

Amala

Amala is the debut studio album by American rapper and singer Doja Cat. It was released on March 30, 2018, via Kemosabe and RCA Records. The album's deluxe version was released on March 1, 2019, and featured her breakthrough singles "Juicy", "Tia Tamera", and "Mooo!". Doja Cat herself has expressed a strong dislike towards the album, claiming that it doesn't entirely represent her as an artist. Doja Cat believes that "Amala" isn't a "finished album", partially due to her constantly partying and taking marijuana during recording the album.

Credits adapted from Tidal.

Notes

Hot Pink (album)

Hot Pink is the second studio album by American rapper and singer Doja Cat. It was released on November 7, 2019, by Kemosabe and RCA Records. A departure from the dancehall sound of her debut album "Amala" (2018), "Hot Pink" mainly has a funk and R&B feel to it. It was written by Doja Cat alongside other songwriters and producers, with production from Yeti Beats and Dr. Luke (under the pseudonym Tyson Trax). Guest appearances are made on "Hot Pink" by Smino, Tyga, and Gucci Mane.

"Hot Pink" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Credits adapted from album's liner notes and Tidal.

Notes

Sampling credits

Credits adapted from Tidal.

Two-spotted tree frog

The two-spotted tree frog ("Dendropsophus bipunctatus") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Iran Badminton International

The Iran Badminton International is an international badminton tournament held in Iran. This tournament is one of the oldest tournaments in the Western Asia.

Ninja Warrior UK

Ninja Warrior UK is a British physical obstacle assault course game show, created for ITV.

It was presented by Ben Shephard, Chris Kamara and Rochelle Humes.

Haluk Bilginer

Nihat Haluk Bilginer (born 5 June 1954, İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish movie, television and stage actor. 

He has appeared in more than 120 movies, television series and in theatre roles. He has starred in genres such as comedy, drama, adventure and crime stories. In addition to starring in Turkish movies and television series, he also stars in foreign movies and television series, including in Hollywood movies. He often plays villains and unsympathetic characters.

Herman Chernoff

Herman Chernoff (born July 1, 1923) is an American applied mathematician, statistician and physicist. He was a professor at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Stanford, and MIT. He now works at Harvard University. Chernoff was born in New York City.

Jerome Hellman

Jerome Hellman (September 4, 1928 – May 26, 2021) was an American movie producer. He won the Academy Award for Best Picture for "Midnight Cowboy" (1969). His 1978 movie "Coming Home" was nominated for the same award.

Hellman died on May 26, 2021, at the age of 92.

Reza Motorcyclist

Reza Motorcyclist (Persian title: "Reza Motori" - ) is a 1970 Iranian crime drama movie directed by Masoud Kimiai and starring Behrouz Vossoughi, Fariba Khatami, Hamideh Kheirabadi, Bahman Mofid.

Wood Pigeon (1970 movie)

Wood Pigeon (Persian title: "Toughi" - ) is a 1970 Iranian drama movie directed by Ali Hatami and starring Behrouz Vossoughi, Bahman Mofid, Afarin Obeysi, Naser Malek Motiee, Zhaleh Olov, Hamideh Kheirabadi.

Black nationalism

Black nationalism is the idea that black people from one country, or from several countries belong together, and that they have a common history and culture. Sometimes, people claim there is a black race. Black nationalism started in the United States as a response to McCarthyism. McCarthyism lasted approximately form the mid 1940s, to the mid 1950s. During McCarthyism, there was a strong anti-communist movement in the US. At the same time, there were many racist ideologies. In the United States, these tendencies focused on the white Anglo-Saxon protestants, who was seen as the ideal American citizen. Black nationalism wants to create a new nation for black Americans.

Keiretsu

A keiretsu is a group of businesses that work together. There are keiretsu in Japan.

The companies in the keiretsu each own shares of each other's stock. Sometimes, there is a bank at the middle of a keiretsu. These are called horizontal keiretsu.

Keiretsu can also have some companies that make supplies that other companies in the keiretsu need. These are called vertical keiretsu.

Not all countries allow keiretsu. For example, in the United States, keiretsu are illegal. They are against antitrust laws.

The keiretsu started after World War II during the American occupation of Japan. Before there were keiretsu, there were zaibatsu. The zaibatsu were also business groups, but they were owned by families. The zaibatsu supported the military government of Japan from the 1800s through World War II, so the Americans broke them up after the war.

In the 1990s, there was a financial crisis in East Asia. Most of the companies in keiretsu decided to cut costs. This weakened the keiretsu because each company wanted to get the best deal, even if it wasn't with a company in its own keiretsu. Japan made treaties with other countries that required it to break up some of the keiretsu because of antitrust laws.

Under the Dome

Under the Dome may refer to:


Circles in a Forest

Circles in a Forest is a 1989 South African adventure drama movie directed by Regardt van den Bergh and was based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Dalene Matthee. It stars Ian Bannen, Brion James, David Butler, Joe Stewardson, Judi Trott, Arnold Vosloo.

Siavash (TV Series 2021)

Siavash () is an Iranian drama series. The series is directed by Soroush Mohammadzadeh.


Chocolate with Nuts

"Chocolate with Nuts" is the first part of the 12th episode of the third season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It was first broadcast on Nickelodeon on June 1, 2002. The episode is about SpongeBob and Patrick Star becoming door to door salesmen by selling chocolate bars.

SpongeBob gets the mail, and finds a magazine called "Fancy living Digest". SpongeBob shows Patrick the magazine that he got in the mail, which makes them become entrepreneurs. SpongeBob and Patrick buy many chocolate bars from a shop. They go to a fish named Tom's house. When SpongeBob asks if he wants to buy some chocolate, he starts panicking and screams "CHOCOLATE!". They go to another house where the fish in the house tricks them into buying his chocolate bags. Later, they go to a woman's house, SpongeBob tries to find chocolate for her, but there are many bags inside the bags. The customer becomes impatient and leaves. When they find a chocolate bar in the bags, Tom comes back and makes them run away. They take a break at a diner to think of better ways to sell chocolate. They go to another house and Patrick tries to focus on the fish in the house. The fish starts to feel worried and hurts Patrick with the door. They go to an old lady's house, where another older lady comes to the door. They buy the chocolate after SpongeBob says that the chocolate can make her live forever. They tell more lies to other people about what the chocolate can do to them. They get money by doing this, but not enough. Tom finally catches them and buys all of their chocolate. The episode ends with SpongeBob and Patrick going on a date with the old ladies.

Shibuya Crossing

Shibuya Crossing, or Shibuya Scramble Crossing, is a popular scramble crossing in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan. It is located in front of the Shibuya Station Hachikō exit and stops vehicles in all directions to allow pedestrians to inundate the entire intersection. The statue of Hachikō, between the station and the intersection, is a very common meeting place and almost always crowded.

This intersection is frequently called "the most busiest pedestrian intersection in the world" and there is almost no loss of foot traffic at midnight or early morning. Road traffic jams rarely occur here even during rush hours.

According to the Shibuya Center Street in 2016, the number of pedestrians crossing the intersection was as much as 3,000 per green light (every 2 minutes). A 2014 flow measurement survey by the Shibuya Redevelopment Association estimated 260,000 pedestrians per day on week days, and 390,000 pedestrians on non-working days. Others estimate as much as 500,000 people on the busiest days. The 2012 SOTO Outdoor Media Survey estimated 1.5 million pedestrians per week.

Gao Jiamin

Gao Jiamin (born June 26, 1966) is a taijiquan athlete originally from China. 

In 1977, she joined the Fujian Wushu Team. During the 1990s, Gao won two gold and one silver medal at the Asian Games, two gold medals at the East Asian Games, one gold medal at the World Wushu Championships, one gold medal at the Asian Wushu Championships, and also won in many other competitions. Because of her victories, she was known as the "Queen of Taiji".

In 2000, Gao emigrated to the United States. She and her husband, Yu Shaowen, teach at the US Wushu Center.

Yesterday (2004 movie)

Yesterday is a 2004 South African drama movie directed by Darrell Roodt and starring Kenneth Khambula, Leleti Khumalo, Harriet Lenabe, Lihle Mvelase. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2005.

Time crystal

A time crystal is a quantum system that has repeating periodic oscillations of one or more physical measurements in its ground state when seen over time.

Just as an ordinary crystal is seen to have its atoms arranged in repeating patterns in space, so a time crystal has a repeating patterns that occur over time. 

In 2012, the American Nobel Prize winner Frank Wilczek proposed the concept of a time crystal.

In 2017 the atomic physicist Chris Monroe and his group found evidence of oscillations in optically excited chains of ytterbium ions with the behavior predicted for time crystals but not in the same way theorized in 2012.

In 2021, "for the first time, physicists have filmed the oscillation of a time crystal", media said.

In early 2024, The Technical University of Dortmund said that they had made a time crystal that lasted forty minutes.

In terms of practical use, time crystals may one day be used as quantum memories. 

The term "time crystal" has also been used in science fiction to refer to various unrelated fictional devices.


Croatian kuna

The Croatian kuna, was the currency used in Croatia. It's subunit was Lipa. It was used as the official currency since 1994, before it was replaced by the euro on 1 January 2023. Before 1994, Croatia used the Croatian dinar and before that it used the Yugoslav dinar. The kuna was issued by the Croatian National Bank and the coins were minted by the Croatian Monetary Institute. The plural form of the word kuna in Croatian can be "kuna" or "kune" (e.g. "2 kune", "10 kuna"). The word "kuna" means "marten" in Croatian.

Commemorative coins of the Croatian kuna have been issued since 1994.
The notes were designed by Miroslav Šutej and Vilko Žiljak, and all feature prominent Croatians on front and architectural motifs on back. The geometric figures at lower left on front (except the 5-kuna note) are intaglio printed for recognition by the blind people. To the right of the coat of arms on front is a microprinted version of the Croatian national anthem, Lijepa naša domovino ("Our Beautiful Homeland"). The overall design is reminiscent of Deutsche Mark banknotes of the fourth series.

The first series of notes was dated 31 October 1993. The 5, 10 and 20 kuna notes from this series were withdrawn on 1 April 2007, and the 50, 100 and 200 kuna notes were withdrawn on 1 January 2010, but remain exchangeable at the HNB in Zagreb.

New series of notes with slightly tweaked, but similar designs and improved security features were released in 2001, 2004, 2012 and 2014.

Shades of cyan

There are a range of different Shades of cyan, such as, for example alice blue.

One False Move

One False Move is a 1992 American crime thriller movie directed by Carl Franklin and starring Bill Paxton, Cynda Williams, Billy Bob Thornton, Michael Beach, Jim Metzler, Earl Billings. It was distributed by I.R.S. Records.


Charles Fredrick Wiesenthal

Charles Fredrick Wiesenthal (1726–1789) was a German physician and inventor born in 1726. He was awarded the patent for the first known mechanical device for sewing in 1755. One might argue that he invented the sewing machine. He died in 1789.

A Rose for Everyone

A Rose for Everyone () is a 1967 Italian comedy movie directed by Franco Rossi and starring Claudia Cardinale, Nino Manfredi, Mario Adorf, Lando Buzzanca, Akim Tamiroff, Milton Rodrígues.

Honolulu (movie)

Honolulu is a 1939 American musical comedy movie directed by Edward Buzzell and starring Eleanor Powell, Robert Young, George Burns, Gracie Allen, Rita Johnson, Clarence Kolb. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The Angel Levine

The Angel Levine is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Ján Kadár and starring Zero Mostel, Harry Belafonte, Ida Kamińska, Milo O'Shea, Gloria Foster. It was distributed by United Artists.


On the Path

On the Path () is a 2010 Bosnian Austrian German Croatian drama movie directed by Jasmila Žbanić and starring Zrinka Cvitešić, Leon Lučev, Nina Violić, Mirjana Karanović.

East Palo Alto, California

East Palo Alto is a city in San Mateo County, California. It shares borders with Menlo Park and Palo Alto.

South San Francisco, California

South San Francisco is a city in San Mateo County, California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. At the 2020 census, 66,105 people lived there.

Coutances

Coutances is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.


Coutances is twinned with:

Boissy-Saint-Léger

Boissy-Saint-Léger is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Bonneuil-sur-Marne

Bonneuil-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Bry-sur-Marne

Bry-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Charenton-le-Pont

Charenton-le-Pont is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is from the center of Paris.

In 2018, 30,053 people lived there.

SLK

SLK (short for So Low Key and Street Life Kings) were a British grime crew from Northwest London. Their first song "Hype! Hype!", produced by Sticky and featuring Lady Envy, reached No. 22 on the UK Singles Chart and No. 3 on the UK Dance Singles Chart. In 2014, "Complex" magazine included the video for "Hype! Hype!" in their list of "15 Channel U Videos We Will Never Forget".



Chennevières-sur-Marne

Chennevières-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Chevilly-Larue

Chevilly-Larue is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Fontenay-sous-Bois

Fontenay-sous-Bois is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Fresnes, Val-de-Marne

Fresnes is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Gentilly, Val-de-Marne

Gentilly is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Joinville-le-Pont

Joinville-le-Pont is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

The commune is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris. It is from the center.

In 2018, 19,516 people lived there.

Limeil-Brévannes

Limeil-Brévannes is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Mandres-les-Roses

Mandres-les-Roses is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Kropyvnytskyi

Kropyvnytskyi () is a city in central Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of the Kirovohrad Oblast. In 2020, 225,339 people lived there.

Nikopol, Ukraine

Nikopol (; ) is a city in Nikopol Raion (district), Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine. In 2020, 109,122 people lived there.

Bohuslav

Bohuslav () is a city in Kyiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine, on the Ros River. It is the administrative centre of Bohuslav Raion (district). In 2020, 16,190 people lived there.

Marolles-en-Brie, Val-de-Marne

Marolles-en-Brie is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Marolles-en-Brie

Marolles-en-Brie is the name of two communes of France:

Marolles-en-Brie, Seine-et-Marne

Marolles-en-Brie is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Inval-Boiron

Inval-Boiron is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Irles

Irles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Jumel

Jumel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Laboissière-en-Santerre

Laboissière-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lachapelle, Somme

Lachapelle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lafresguimont-Saint-Martin

Lafresguimont-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lahoussoye

Lahoussoye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 461 people lived there.

Laleu, Somme

Laleu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 112 people lived there.

Sotteville-lès-Rouen

Sotteville-lès-Rouen is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France. In 2018, 28,958 people lived there.

Lamotte-Brebière

Lamotte-Brebière is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 218 people lived there.

Lamotte-Warfusée

Lamotte-Warfusée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lanches-Saint-Hilaire

Lanches-Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Piennes-Onvillers

Piennes-Onvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Claudius James Erskine

Claudius James Erskine (20 May 1821–6 June 1893) was a British civil servant, judge, educator, and orientalist. Erskine was part of the Indian Civil Service, and worked for the Governor of Bombay, Sir George Arthur. Erskine was a scholar and translator, and he worked in the government's Persian department. He worked to improve education, and became the first "director of public instruction" in the west of India. He was also a judge and a legislator. He was the third vice-chancellor of the University of Calcutta.

Claudius James Erskine was born on 20 May 1821 at Bombay in the East India Company's Bombay Presidency. He was the son of William Erskine, a historian and civil servant from Edinburgh who worked in India. Claudius James was the second of William Erskine's sons. His mother was Maitland Mackintosh. She was the second daughter of James Mackintosh.

Erskine went to both the University of St Andrews and the University of Edinburgh. Then he studied at the East India Company College at Haileybury in Hertfordshire.

He returned to Bombay in 1840. In 1843, Erskine became the private secretary of Sir George Arthur, the governor of the Bombay Presidency. In 1847, Erskine became deputy secretary in the government's Persian department and a translator. Then he became secretary of the Bombay government's general department and its judicial department.

In 1854, Erskine published his father's work on the early Mughal Empire. William Erskine had died in 1852, before he finished the book, so his son Claudius finished the work and published it as "A History of India under the Two First Sovereigns of the House of Taimur, Báber and Humáyun". In 1855, Erskine became director of public instruction. He was the first person in this position in western India. During 1859 he was a judge in the Konkan region. In 1860 he became a member of the new Imperial Legislative Council.

On 8 April 1862, Erskine became vice-chancellor of the University of Calcutta, after William Ritchie. In 1862, Erskine started to be a judge on the Bombay high court. On 26 March 1863, Erskine stopped being vice-chancellor of the University of Calcutta, and Henry Sumner Maine became vice-chancellor.

In 1865, Erskine became a member of the Bombay Legislative Council. In April 1866, Erskine joined the Bombay Geographical Society and became its president.

In 1867 Erskine retired. In March 1867 he resigned the presidency of the Bombay Geographical Society and planned to return to Europe.

Erskine had retired for health reasons. He returned to Britain and died near Hyde Park, London, on 6 June 1893.

In 1847, Erskine married Emily Georgina Reid, daughter of Lestock Reid. Erksine's new father-in-law was acting as the governor of Bombay at that time.
Erskine had a collection of objects and manuscripts from Asia. Some of these are now in the British Museum and the British Library.

One manuscript in the British Library ("Additional manuscript" 26319) has five different texts in four languages. The British Museum bought this manuscript from Erskine in February 1865. From 1811 are two Kurdish language glossaries that Muhammad Husain Khan made for John Malcolm at Bushehr, one a Persian–Laki glossary, the other a Persian–Ardalani glossary. Another is a Kurdish–English glossary. From the 19th century is a glossary of words in the Persian language and the Chagatai language, with words from the "Baburnama" of Babur. The final work in this manuscript is an anonymous work in Persian with the name in . This work is on the subject of metaphysics and consciousness. The copy of the "Jām-i Jahānnamāī"'s date is 1141 "anno Hegirae" (1729 CE). Erskine himself probably bound these five manuscripts into the present manuscript codex.

In 1886, when Erskine was living in London, he sold more of his collection. The British Museum bought from Erskine an brass astrolabe with a silver inlay. Erskine's astrolabe was from Iran, and made in the 16th or 17th centuries, during the Safavid Empire. Before Erskine owned the astrolabe, Claudius Rich was its owner. (Rich was a relative of Erskine's because Rich had married Erskine's mother's older sister, Mary Mackintosh.) Rich had got the astrolabe in Yazd. The British Museum paid Erskine £18 for it. The museum also bought other things from Erskine that year. Erskine had got from Rich a sword and sheath from the Ottoman Empire that were from the 16th or 17th centuries. The British Museum bought these in 1886. The next year, the British Museum bought more of Erskine's objects.

Educational research

Educational research investigates how people learn. Literacy was the first starting-point. Before about 1470 all books were hand-written. Printing made the word visible. Before 1800 most ordinary people could not read or write. That was true for all countries. By 1900 most people in the most industrial countries could read. The Bible was one of the causes: people wanted to read the Bible in Christian countries. Just as important was industrialization. With industry grew a need for instruction, and there were printed rule books in key industries such as the railways. Church registers in England show increasing literacy as judged by the ability of men to sign their names. Previously, if a man signed with an X, a church clerk added his name.

An enormous amount of research has been done in the United States, and very much less elsewhere
Researching comes in many ways. Researches here focuses more on how people gather new things into their minds. These people could be learners or teachers. Both can interact in spaces of learning. These spaces are also known as classrooms. So researchers collect data inside classrooms, more or less. 

Educational researchers believe that the way they do research must be careful and well-ordered. First is on the basis of comparison. Second is on principles to set that everyone follows. Third is on how researchers do their research. Also, they borrow concepts from other studies, may it be about minds, society, human beings, and reasoning. The same goes for how they do their research.

There have been many attempts to bring together the skills and the knowledge needed by teachers. The following (mostly multi-author) books are examples.

The American Educational Research Association publishes many journals on teaching.


A Reasonable Man

A Reasonable Man is a 1999 South African French crime drama movie directed by first time director Gavin Hood (who also stars) and also starring Nigel Hawthorne, Vusi Kunene, Ken Gampu, Ian Roberts, Keketso Semoko, Duma Mnembe.


Niki Yang

Niki Yang (born in Seoul, South Korea on June 8, 1985) is a South Korean writer, animator, storyboard artist and voice actress who speaks both English and Korean. She is best known for voicing BMO and Lady Rainicorn on the Cartoon Network series Adventure Time. 

Telefe

Telefe (acronym for Televisión Federal) is a television station located in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The station is owned and operated by Paramount Global through Televisión Federal S.A. Telefe is also one of Argentina's six national television networks. Its studios are located on Martínez, Buenos Aires, adjacent to the corporate headquarters; its transmitter is located at the Alas Building.
In areas of Argentina where a Telefe station isn't receivable over-the-air, it is available on satellite and select cable systems. Telefe also has an international network (Telefe Internacional) which is available in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and Oceania.

The station's digital signal is multiplexed:

In March 2018, during the death of the Argentine actor and comedian Emilio Disi at the age of 75, after the news of his death was known, the channel wanted to promote a special with the best moments of the actor with Susana Giménez. After criticism and controversy, the channel could not broadcast it.

The network currently has eight owned-and-operated stations and current affiliation agreements with other television stations.

All of the owned-and-operated stations (except LRK458 TV) joined Telefe in April 1998, after Editorial Atlántida acquired a majority stake of the former Televisoras Provinciales. LRK458 TV (now known as "Telefe Tucumán") was the last to join Telefe in March 2000.

Nokia N810

Nokia N810 is an Internet tablet that was developed for the brand Nokia Nseries and produced in the operating system Maemo 4. It was announced on October 17, 2007. Nokia N810 was discontinued in September 14, 2009 and is no longer available after release. Four days after its release, its successor was the Nokia N900.

The development of the Nokia N810 began in January 2007.

In September 5, 2007, The Wall Street Journal announced they were launch Nokia N810 has started in October 2007 and they were announcement for Nokia N810 has started in September 15 and September 16, 2007. 

In October 9, 2007, Nokia begin<nowiki>"Nice time for Nokia N810 Internet tablet"</nowiki> of more such version in Nokia N810 is Maemo 5. Nokia N810 has released such availability on October 17, 2007, which in website begin <nowiki>"We're here from Nokia N810 development in the world"</nowiki>.

In October 18, 2007. Nokia N810 has available from worldwide and released for United Kingdom and Canada.

In September 14, 2009, 2 years after release, Nokia N810 has stopped support lifecycles from Google website and no longer available from website has replaced from Nokia N900 development.


Honor Thy Father (movie)

Honor Thy Father (originally titled as Con-Man) is a 2015 Filipino crime thriller movie directed by Erik Matti and starring John Lloyd Cruz, Meryll Soriano, Dan Fernandez, Yayo Aguila, Khalil Ramos.

Dendropsophus cachimbo

Dendropsophus cachimbo is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Kyrgyzstani som

The Kyrgyzstani som, is the official currency of the Kyrgyz Republic the subunit of the currency is Tyiyn.

Gagamboy

Gagamboy is a 2004 Filipino science fiction action comedy movie directed by Erik Matti and starring Vhong Navarro, Jay Manalo, Aubrey Miles, Bearwin Meily.

Telefe Internacional

Telefe Internacional is the international signal of Argentina's channel Telefe. It broadcasts television programs produced by Telefe, mostly consisting of telenovelas, series, comedies, teen and children's series, etc. It is available in Asia, America, Brazil, Europe, Canada, Oceania, Israel and Africa.
Telefe Internacional was launched in 1998. It has been operating satellite television channels world-wide. This includes in Asia, America, Europe, Oceania, Canada and Israel. It broadcasts novels, series, entertainment, news and sports programming produced by Telefe, to Argentinian and Spanish-speaking people. It has only an international feed which has the time of Buenos Aires.

In Latin America, it has been available on DirecTV since 2007. It is available in Colombia, Peru and Venezuela through Movistar TV, and in Mexico through Totalplay and Axtel TV, plus a handful cable and satellite operators. An HD simulcast is available on VTR in Chile and Movistar TV.
In Spain, Telefe International is available in Movistar TV. In Israel, Hot has the signal since 2008, for the Hispanic community.
In United States, it arrived in 2000. Now "Telefe International" is available nationwide via satellite services (Dish Network, and DirecTV) and in cable operators, (Comcast, Cablevision, etc.). It is present in New York City, Miami, Washington, D.C., New Jersey, Florida, Los Angeles, Boston and in other cities. 
In Canada, Telus TV, Bell Satellite TV, Shaw Cable added the channel on April 16, 2015.

Telefe Internacional broadcasts news bulletins, sports news, soap operas, comedies, series, teen and children's series, entertainment programs, magazines, etc.










Uzbekistani soum

The Uzbekistan so'm is the official currency of Uzbekistan, it has been the currency of Uzbekistan since 31 August 1991 when the country gained its independence.

Emirate of Bukhara

The Emirate of Bukhara (Persian: امارت بخارا‎ Amārat-e Bokhārā, Chagatay: بخارا امرلیگی Bukhārā Amirligi, Uzbek: Buxoro amirligi) was a nation that was located in Central Asia that existed from 1785 to 1920 in what is now modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan. 

Air Crash Investigation Special Report

Air Crash Investigation Special Report is a Canadian documentary series produced by Cineflix that compiles how and why some of the most serious accidents in aviation history happened. Created from the Canadian series Air Crash Investigation.

<onlyinclude>

Vagabond (1950 movie)

Vagabond () is a 1950 Iranian drama movie directed by Mehdi Reisfirooz and starring Naser Malek Motiei, Mehr-Aghdas Khajenuri, Soosan.

Arcana Heart (series)

Arcana Heart (, Arukana Hāto) is a fighting video game series developed by Examu, and published by AQ Interactive.



Man About Town (1939 movie)

Man About Town is a 1939 American musical comedy movie directed by Mark Sandrich and starring Jack Benny, Dorothy Lamour, Edward Arnold, Binnie Barnes, Monty Woolley, Isabel Jeans, Phil Harris, Betty Grable, E. E. Clive. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Snatch (movie)

Snatch is a 2000 British American criminal comedy movie directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Jason Statham, Stephen Graham, Benicio del Toro, Dennis Farina, Mike Reid, Vinnie Jones, Brad Pitt, Rade Šerbedžija, Alan Ford. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and won for 2 Empire Awards in 2001.


Shock Treatment (1973 movie)

Shock Treatment () is a 1973 French Italian drama movie directed by Alain Jessua and starring Annie Girardot, Alain Delon, Michel Duchaussoy, Robert Hirsch, Jeanne Colletin, Jean-François Calvé, Gabriel Cattand, Robert Party, Roger Muni.

The Baader Meinhof Complex

The Baader Meinhof Complex () is a 2008 German French Czech biographical drama thriller movie directed by Uli Edel and is based on the 1985 non-fiction book of the same name by Stefan Aust. It stars Martina Gedeck, Moritz Bleibtreu, Johanna Wokalek, Nadja Uhl, Stipe Erceg, Niels Bruno Schmidt, Vinzenz Kiefer, Alexandra Maria Lara, Daniel Lommatzsch, Bruno Ganz, Heino Ferch, Jan Josef Liefers, Hannah Herzsprung, Anna Thalbach and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2009.


Moûtiers

Moûtiers is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Montvalezan

Montvalezan is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Archamps

Archamps is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Abondance, Haute-Savoie

Abondance is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

The Pillow Book (movie)

The Pillow Book is a 1996 international erotic drama movie directed by Peter Greenaway and was based on the novel of the same name by Sei Shōnagon. It stars Vivian Wu, Ewan McGregor, Yoshi Oida, Ken Ogata, Hideko Yoshida, Judy Ongg, Ken Mitsuishi. The movie combines dark modern drama with idealised Chinese and Japanese cultural themes and settings. It centres on body painting.

Tim Tipene

Tim Tipene, (born 12 June 1972), is a New Zealand author, an inspirational speaker and the founder of Warrior Kids, a self control and social skills programme for children and Teenagers. Tipene overcame an abusive and violent childhood, broke the cycle and went on to become an award winning author and create the Warrior Kids programme in 1994. 

Tipene was a product of rape. His biological father was Peter Mead, a convicted predator and violent offender who spent much of life behind bars. Tipene was adopted into the Waitai-Tipene whanau.

Tipene was raised in two cultures, NZ Maori and NZ European. Tim's immediate family were abusive and violent. It was only with the extended whanau/family that Tim felt loved.

Tim broke the cycle of childhood violence and abuse through a combination of Martial Arts training, psychotherapy and personal development. He consolidated his learning and experience to create the Warrior Kids programme in 1994.


In 2013 Tipene was inducted into the New Zealand Martial Arts Hall of Fame.

In 2014 Tipene was recognised as a Kiwibank New Zealander of the year Local Hero and received a Medal in recognition of his contribution to the lives of others. 

Hajji Washington

Hajji Washington () is a 1983 Iranian comedy-drama movie directed by Ali Hatami and starring Ezzatolah Entezami, Richard Harrison, Mehri Vadadian.

Mark Eaton

Mark E. Eaton (January 24, 1957 – May 28, 2021) was an American professional basketball player. He spent his entire career with the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1982 until 1992. Eaton holds the NBA record for most blocks in a season (456) and career average blocked shots per game (3.50).

Eaton died on May 28, 2021, at age 64, after a bicycle accident in Park City, Utah.

The Perfect Circle

The Perfect Circle (Bosnian: Savršeni krug) is a 1997 Bosnian French war drama movie directed by Ademir Kenović and starring Mustafa Nadarević, Almedin Leleta, Almir Podgorica, Jasna Diklić, Dragan Marinković, Senad Bašić.

Marcell Jankovics

Marcell Jankovics (21 October 1941 – 29 May 2021) was a Hungarian graphic artist, movie director, animator and author. He received his Oscar nomination for the 1974 animated short movie "Sisyphus." He also received a Palme d'Or for the short movie "The Struggle" at the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.

Cornelius Sim

Cornelius Sim (16 September 1951 – 29 May 2021) was a Bruneian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Apostolic Vicar of Brunei from 2004 until his death. He was the apostolic prefect of Brunei from 1997 to 2004. He was born in Seria, Brunei.

Sim was the first Bruneian to be ordained to the priesthood. Pope Francis raised him to the rank of a cardinal on 28 November 2020, making him the first cardinal from the country.

Sim died at a hospital in Taoyuan, Taiwan on 29 May 2021 from cardiac arrest, aged 69. He was being treated for cancer at the time of his death.

Serbian Canadians

Serbian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Serbian descent or Serbia-born people who reside in Canada.

Croatian Canadians

Croatian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Croatian descent or Croatia-born people who reside in Canada. 

Slovak Canadians

Slovak Canadians are Canadian citizens of Slovak descent or Slovakia-born people who reside in Canada. 

Venezuelan Canadians

Venezuelan Canadians are Canadian citizens of Venezuelan descent or Venezuelan-born people who reside in Canada. 

List of Top of the Pops presenters

This is an incomplete list of Top of the Pops television presenters from 1964 to 2006. Most of them were also "BBC Radio 1" disc jockey's.


Estonian Canadians

Estonian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Estonian descent or Estonia-born people who reside in Canada. 

Languevoisin-Quiquery

Languevoisin-Quiquery is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Laviéville

Laviéville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lawarde-Mauger-l'Hortoy

Lawarde-Mauger-l'Hortoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Luís Leal

Luís Leal dos Anjos (born 29 May 1987) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for the São Tomé and Príncipe national team.

Lesbœufs

Lesbœufs is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Misery, Somme

Misery is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Marchélepot-Misery.

Marchélepot

Marchélepot is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Marchélepot-Misery.

Parkland

Parkland often refers to a park.

Parkland or Parklands may also refer to:






Marchélepot-Misery

Marchélepot-Misery is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Marchélepot (the seat) and Misery.

Jerky

Jerky is lean and trimmed meat that has been cut into strips and dried (dehydrated) so it will not spoil. Normally, the drying includes adding salt. It prevents the growth of bacteria before the meat has finished the dehydrating process. The word "jerky" is from the Quechua word "ch'arki". The word means "dried, salted meat".

Store-bought jerky often has sweeteners, like brown sugar.

Jerky is ready-to-eat, does not need to be prepared further and can be stored for months without being chilled.

Most fat must be trimmed from the meat before drying. Fat increases the chance of spoilage. (Modern vacuum packing and preservatives have helped stop these risks.) The meat must be dried quickly during the critical period where the meat is not yet dry.

Mathiasson's tree frog

Mathiasson's tree frog ("Dendropsophus mathiassoni") is a frog that lives in Colombia and Venezuela.

The Weather Network

The Weather Network (TWN) is an English language weather information specialty channel. It delivers weather information on television, the Internet and TV apps. The Weather Network is shown in Canada, the United States of America (USA) and the United Kingdom (UK).

The Weather Network was licensed by Canadian-Radio television and Telecommunications Commission on December 1, 1987. It began broadcasting on September 1, 1988 (six years after the United States' Weather Channel). The name then was WeatherNow. The channel gained its present name on May 1, 1989.

The Weather Network's news department won the first annual Adrienne Clarkson Diversity Award for network television. This award is given under the Radio and Television News Director's Association for the best news reports on a subject of cultural diversity. The Weather Network later won for its 2006 two-part series on weather and black history, with an exemplary practice of inclusion and equity. 

Data lake

A data lake is a storage repository that can store a large amount of structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. It is a place to store every type of data in its native format with no fixed limits on account size or file. It offers high data quantity to increase analytic performance and native integration.

A data lake is like a large container which is very similar to real lake and rivers. Just like in a lake you have multiple tributaries coming in, a data lake has structured data, unstructured data, machine to machine, logs flowing through in real-time.

The data lake democratizes data and is a cost-effective way to store all data of an organization for later processing. Research analysts can focus on finding meaning patterns in data and not data itself.

Unlike a hierarchal data warehouse where data is stored in files and folders, a data lake has a flat architecture. Every data elements in a data lake is given a unique identifier and tagged with a set of metadata information.

Una Mae Carlisle

Una Mae Carlisle (December 26, 1915 – November 7, 1956) was an American jazz singer-songwriter and pianist.

When Carlisle was still a child, she performed often on WHIO (AM) in Dayton, Ohio.

In 1932, when Carlisle was still in her teens, Fats Waller discovered her while she was a Cincinnati, Ohio performer. Her piano style was influenced by Waller's. She incorporated humor into her sets.

Carlisle played by herself starting in 1937. Late in the 1930s, she toured Europe repeatedly and recorded with Waller.

In the 1940s, Carlisle recorded as a leader with Bluebird Records.

Carlisle also saw success as a songwriter. Her 1941 song, "Walkin' by the River", made her the first black woman to have a composition on any United States' "Billboard" chart. She had her own radio show "The Una Mae Carlisle Radio Show" on WJZ-ABC. That made her "the first Black American to host a national radio show." Later in the 1940s, Carlisle hosted several television programs.

Carlisle was born in Zanesville, Ohio. She died from pneumonia at the age of 40 in Harlem, New York City.

Gwen Shamblin Lara

Gwen Shamblin Lara (February 18, 1955 – May 29, 2021) was an American author. She is the founder of the Christian diet program "The Weigh Down Workshop" and of the Remnant Fellowship Church. In her writings, she combines ideas of weight loss programs with those of Christianity. 

Lara began her diet practice in 1980 because she had weight problems in school. She believed that genetics, metabolism and behavior modification alone couldn't explain why some people were thin and others were overweight. In 1986, Lara founded the Weigh Down Workshop, a weight loss program. 

Her first book was "The Weigh Down Diet". It was first published in March 1997 and has sold more than 1.2 million copies.”

On May 29, 2021, Gwen was killed in a plane crash in Smyrna, Tennessee alongside her husband, Joe Lara.



Akrotiri (prehistoric city)

Akrotiri is a prehistoric site on the Greek island Santorini (also called Thira, or Thera in Greek). The settlement was destroyed by the Minoan eruption, which happened about 1600 BC. The volcanic ash preserved many objects, and frescoes. The history of the settlement goes back to the 5th millennium BC.

Arturo de Jesús Correa Toro

Arthur de Jesús Correa Toro (26 April 1941 – 26 May 2021) was a Colombian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Ituango, Antioquia.

Correa Toro was ordained to the priesthood in 1967. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ipiales, Colombia from 2000 until 2018.

Correa Toro died from complications of COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Colombia on 26 May 2021 in Pasto, Nariño, at the age of 80.

Pasto, Colombia

Pasto, officially San Juan de Pasto, is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of the Nariño Department. It has about 450,000 inhabitants.

Fish as food

Many species of fish are eaten as food. The species of fish eaten for food include flounder, cod, catfish, pollock, tilapia, snapper and Atlantic salmon.Fish can be prepared in a number of ways (baking, frying, grilling, smoking or steaming.

Globally, fish and fish products provide a normal of about only about 34 calories per capita per day. Dietary contribution of fish is significant in terms of high-quality and easily digested animal proteins.

Eating oily fish having long chain omega-3 fatty acids can reduce inflammation and lower the risk for cardiovascular disease.

Liancourt-Fosse

Liancourt-Fosse is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Limeux, Somme

Limieux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Long, Somme

Long is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Longavesnes

Longavesnes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Longpré-les-Corps-Saints

Longpré-les-Corps-Saints is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Longueau

Longueau is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Longueval

Longueval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Aubréville

Aubréville is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Bezonvaux

Bezonvaux is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Nobody has lived here since the end of the Battle of Verdun in 1916. The official population is zero. Nobody lives in these places either: Beaumont-en-Verdunois, Haumont-près-Samogneux, Louvemont-Côte-du-Poivre, Cumières-le-Mort-Homme and Fleury-devant-Douaumont.

During the war, the town was completely destroyed. The land was so badly damaged that it was hard to live there. So, the commune was not rebuilt. The site of the commune is kept as it was to show the violence of war. It is officially named a "village that died for France." A municipal council of three members manages the commune. The council members are appointed by the prefect of the Meuse department.


Ratatoskr

In Norse mythology, Ratatoskr is a squirrel that lives on the tree Yggdrasil. Ratatoskr carries messages between the eagle at the top of Yggdrasil, and the serpent Níðhöggr, at the bottom. Ratatoskr occurs both in the "Poetic Edda" and the "Prose Edda". The "Poetic Edda" is a collection of earlier stories. It was written in the 13th century. The "Prose Edda" was also written in the 13th century.

In the "Poetic Edda" poem "Grímnismál", the god Odin (disguised as "Grímnir") says that Ratatoskr runs up and down Yggdrasil bringing messages between the eagle perched atop it and Níðhöggr below it:

Ratatoskr is described in the "Prose Edda"s "Gylfaginning" chapter 16, in which High states that

An eagle sits at the top of the ash, and it has knowledge of many things. Between its eyes sits the hawk called Vedrfolnir [...]. The squirrel called Ratatosk [...] runs up and down the ash. He tells slanderous gossip, provoking the eagle and Nidhogg.


Microkini

A micro bikini (or microkini) is a bikini, a bathing suit for women. Like a bikini, it is made of two parts, a top, and a slip. The slip usually only covers the labiae, the top only covers the nipples. Microkinis were developed in the 1970s, because nudism was outlawed in many parts of the United States. Many microkini models are transparent. They usually do not cover the buttocks. There are versions which are just made of straps of fabric which cover almost nothing. Before wearing a micro bikini, women usually shave at least part of their pubic hair.

Pasties can be seen as a variant of a microkini: Unlike a top, which is made of fabric, pasties are made of plastic; they are not kept in place with cords.

Microkini designs for men were introduced at the end of the 1960s consisting of briefs that barely covered the penis and the pubic hair. These micro bikinis for men have continued to be popular in Brazil, particularly in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro. During the 1980s the popularity of highly revealing thongs such as those found in the microkini meant that Brazilian waxing to remove most of the hair from the pubic area also became more poular. 

In 1995 fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld created a micro bikini for Chanel’s spring 1996 collection. It resembled a string bikini except that the top's triangles were replaced with two small circles resembling nipple pasties.

Microkinis keep the wearer just within legal limits of decency. They fill a niche between nudism and conservative swimwear. In Europe the wearing of microkinis at beaches or hotels or public pools is often allowed. It may be considered inappropriate in more conservative societies. Wearing them in public is prohibited in some places by local laws which can carry a fine.

Longuevillette

Longuevillette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Louvencourt

Louvencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Les Hauts de Forterre

Les Hauts de Forterre is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Yonne department in central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Taingy (the seat), Fontenailles and Molesmes.


Mailly-Maillet

Mailly-Maillet is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mailly-Raineval

Mailly-Raineval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The Go-Go's

The Go-Go's are an American pop rock band. They formed in Los Angeles, California in 1978. Members of the group are Charlotte Caffey on the lead guitar and keyboards, Belinda Carlisle on lead vocals, Gina Schock on the drums, Kathy Valentine on the bass guitar, and Jane Wiedlin on the rhythm guitar. They were credited simply as Go-Go's on all their United States releases. The quintet rose to fame during the early 1980s. In 1982, the group topped the "Billboard" album chart.

The first studio album from the group, "Beauty and the Beat" (1981), was one of the "cornerstone albums of the U.S. new wave." The album was released on July 8, 1981. It hit #1 on the "Billboard" 200 eight months later on March 6, 1982. The album sold just over two million copies. Singles off the album included "Our Lips Are Sealed" (#20) and "We Got the Beat" (#2).

On February 24, 1982, the Go-Go's were nominated for the Best New Artist Award. However, they lost the award to the Scottish singer Sheena Easton. The group later hit the Top 40 of the Top 100 with the songs "Vacation" (#8 in 1982), "Head over Heels" #11 in 1984) and "Turn to You" (#32 also in 1984). The Go-Go's have sold over seven million records across the world.

The group broke up in 1985. Later, they got back together in the 1990s and after. They recorded new material and went on tours. The Go-Go's got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2011.

Studio albums:

Videos:

UK Dance Singles and Albums Charts

The UK Dance Singles Chart and the UK Dance Albums Chart are music charts made in the United Kingdom by the Official Charts Company from the number of sales of songs in the dance music genre (e.g. house, trance, drum and bass, garage, synthpop) in record stores and digital downloads. The chart can be viewed on BBC Radio 1's and Official Charts Company's website. The list on the Official Charts Company website goes all the way back to 3 July 1994.

Downloads and streams became allowed on the Dance Album and Singles Chart in June 2009. Before that, only vinyl and CD sales were put together into the chart.

The Dance Singles and Album Charts contains a list of 40 songs or albums.


Channel U (UK)

Channel U (later known as Channel AKA) was a British digital satellite TV music channel founded by Darren Platt that focused on the British grime music scene which ran from February 2003 to June 2018.

Channel U was the biggest channel, not only for musicians who are already known, but also for those who were just starting out, helping them gain fans. It helped artists such as Tinchy Stryder, Tinie Tempah, Dizzee Rascal, Chip, Wretch 32, Devlin, and N-Dubz. Its content included "crude productions shot with handheld digital video cameras," and helped new musicians attract attention and build a fan base. According to its website, "the aim of the channel was to highlight to the public, the raw and unsigned talent we have in the UK, and give them a platform from which they could perform," and it has been successful in doing so, as implied by the production and popularity of such compilation CDs as "Channel U: The Album".

The Brothers Grimm (movie)

The Brothers Grimm is a 2005 Czech British American fantasy adventure comedy movie directed by Terry Gilliam and starring Matt Damon, Heath Ledger, Peter Stormare, Lena Headey, Jonathan Pryce, Julian Bleach, Monica Bellucci, Anna Rust.


SCP Foundation

The SCP Foundation is a fictional organization. It is a collection of the internet-based fiction project of the same name. The SCP Foundation is responsible for locating and containing individuals, aliens, locations, and objects that violate natural law. These include SCP-173, a killer sculpture that moves when you are not looking, SCP-106, a corpse-like old man who can move through walls and kidnap people into a pocket universe, and SCP-682, a hostile reptile-like creature that seems impossible to destroy. Other SCPs include a being that looks like a plague doctor who creates zombies, a drink machine that can give almost any liquid asked for, and a toaster that can only be talked or written about in first-person. The SCP Foundation have created games and writings in several genres, such as horror, science fiction, and urban fantasy.

Many video games and short movies have been inspired by SCP or have been based on SCP. The most popular SCP video games are "SCP – Containment Breach" and "".


List of heads of state of Eritrea

This is a list of heads of state of Eritrea. The office of President was created in 1993. The office has been held by Isaias Afwerki, since the office's creation.

Robert L. Gibson

Robert Lee "Hoot" Gibson (born October 30, 1946), (Capt, USN, Ret.), is a former American naval officer and aviator, test pilot, and aeronautical engineer. He was born in Cooperstown, New York.

Gibson is a retired NASA astronaut. He also was Chief of the Astronaut Office from 1992 to 1994. He was honored into the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame in 2003 and the National Aviation Hall of Fame in 2013.

George II of Greece

George II (, "Geórgios II"; 19 July [O.S: 7 July] 1890 – 1 April 1947) was King of Greece from September 1922 to March 1924 and from November 1935 to his death in April 1947.

He was the oldest son of King Constantine I and Sophia of Prussia.

He died of arteriosclerosis in April 1947 at the age of 56. Having no children, he was succeeded by his younger brother, Paul.

Richford, New York

Richford is a town in Tioga County, New York, United States. The population was 1,043 at the 2020 census.

List of kings of Greece

The Kingdom of Greece was ruled by the House of Wittelsbach between 1832 and 1862 and by the House of Glücksburg from 1862 to 1924. The monarchy was abolished during the Second Hellenic Republic for a short time. The monarchy was soon brought back and ruled from 1935 to 1973, when it was abolished and replaced by the Third Hellenic Republic.

Otto of Greece

Otto (, "Óthon", ; 1 June 1815 — 26 July 1867) was a Bavarian prince who ruled as King of Greece from the establishment of the monarchy in 1832, under the until he was overthrown in 1862. 

The second son of King Ludwig I of Bavaria, Otto was elected king of Greece, the newly formed kingdom that gained independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1832. However, Otto did not reach Greece until on 6 February 1633. As a young man, the people of Greece were optimistic that Otto would be a great king as he was the first king of modern Greece after the Greeks suffered under the Ottoman Empire.

During his reign however, Greece was very unstable because he did not care about the people. He heavily taxed them, was not Greek Orthodox but was Roman Catholicism, invited more people from Bavaria to come to Greece, his closest advisors were Bavarian rather than Greek, and he could not speak Greek because he did not bother learning it. He only spoke his native German. 

Otto was also an absolute monarch and never agreed to make Greece a constitutional monarchy as he was apparently a strong believer of . All of the bad things that Otto did in Greece made him highly unpopular and that the Greeks eventually overthrew him. Otto lived the remaining 5 years of his life in exile at his home country of Bavaria until he died in 1867 at the age of 52. When he was on his deathbed, Otto regretted treating the Greek people very bad. His last words were "Greece, my Greece, my beloved Greece!!!".

Constantine I of Greece

Constantine I (, "Konstantínos I"; – 11 January 1923) was King of Greece from 18 March 1913 to 11 June 1917 and from 19 December 1920 to 27 September 1922. 

He was commander-in-chief of the Hellenic Army during the unsuccessful Greco-Turkish War of 1897 and led the Greek forces during the successful Balkan Wars of 1912–1913. He then led the Greek forces in Anatolia during the Greco-Turkish War of 1919-1922. His forces conquered much of western Asia Minor and reached the outskirts of Ankara but failed to take the city.


Alexander of Greece

Alexander VI (, romanized: "Aléxandros VI"; 1 August 1893 — 25 October 1920) was King of Greece from 1917 until his death in 1920. The Greek government considered him a puppet king and tried imprisoned him at his own palace, but then failed. During Alexander's reign, World War 1 ended.

Alexander became king after his father, King Constantine XII, was forced to abdicate. Because Alexander's older brother, Crown Prince George, was not yet ready to rule, Alexander became king. During his reign, the king supported Greek troops during their war against the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria. Under his reign, the territorial extent of Greece considerably increased, following the victory of the Entente and their Allies in the First World War and the early stages of the Greco-Turkish War of 1919–1922.

Alexander ruled Greece effectively. He almost ended war thst had happened in Greece for a long time. However, on 25 October 1920 in Athens at the age of 27 after being bitten by a Barbary macaque at his palace in Athens. His injury became infected and soon developed sepsis.

Because Alexander did not have an heir, an election was held shortly after his death. The election was about return and restoration of Alexander's father, Ex-king Constantine XII, to the throne. Almost 99% of the vote were cast in favour of his return thus Constantine was restored to the throne just two months after Alexander's death.

Barbary macaque

The Barbary macaque ("Macaca sylvanus"), also known as Barbary ape or magot, is a macaque species native to the Atlas Mountains of Algeria and Morocco. It is one of the best-known Old World monkey species.

Blair House

Blair House, also known as The President's Guest House, is an official residence in Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. The President's Guest House has been called "the world's most exclusive hotel" because it is used as a state guest house to host visiting dignitaries and other guests of the president.

It is located just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House. Blair House is one of several residences owned by the United States government for use by the president and vice president of the United States.

President Harry S. Truman and his family lived in the original Blair House from 1948 to 1952 during the White House Reconstruction.

Metal Max (video game)

nonlinear, vehicle combat role-playing, and as a part of first "Metal Max" series.

"Metal Max" is set on a futuristic post-apocalyptic world, where the surviving humans cluster in underground villages, and ruins for "monster hunters". The game has followed by sequel "Metal Max 2". A direct sequel called "" released in 2006 for Nintendo DS.

Destroy All Humans! (video game series)

Destroy All Humans! is a video game series, developed by Pandemic Studios, Locomotive Games (original series) and Black Forest, (reboot series) and published by THQ and THQ Nordic.



Hot Shots Golf 2

Hot Shots Golf 2 released in Japan as and Everybody's Golf 2 in PAL regions is a sport video game of golf. It was developed by Clap Hanz (previously game by Camelot Software), and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the second installment of "Hot Shots Golf" series, and sequel to "Hot Shots Golf".

Ninjago (TV series)

Ninjago (previously known as Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu until 2019) is a Danish-Canadian computer-animated television series produced by The Lego Group. It was created to coincide with the Lego Ninjago line of construction toys, which is based on the characters and events of the series. It centres on the fictional world of Ninjago, telling the story of a group of six teenage ninjas and their battles against the forces of evil. The series was created by Michael Hegner and Tommy Andreasen, two Danish film producers. The storyline was written by Dan and Kevin Hageman until the ninth season; their successor as the head writer is Bragi Schut. The show features a large ensemble cast of voice actors who have recurring roles in the series. The English-language voice cast has been recorded in Canada for its entire run. The music is scored by composers Michael Kramer and Jay Vincent.

The series has been in continuous production for over ten years and celebrated its ten-year anniversary in January 2021. It began with two pilot episodes in January 2011, which were followed by two 13-episode seasons that aired from December 2011 to November 2012. Both the Lego theme and the series had an intended shelf life of three years with the second season planned as the original ending. However, the success of the series and its product line led to the show continuing production, with fourteen seasons and two specials being released as of May 2021. "Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu" was produced in Copenhagen, Denmark, by Wil Film ApS for its first ten seasons. The production was relocated to WildBrain Studios in Canada for the eleventh season and the series was retitled "Ninjago".

In Denmark, where the series' original production companies are located, it premiered on Nickelodeon. It airs on various Nickelodeon networks internationally and on Cartoon Network in the United States, United Kingdom and Poland. In Latin America, the series is broadcast on Disney XD Latin America. In Canada, the series is broadcast on Teletoon and YTV.
The show is largely set in the fictional realm of Ninjago, a place loosely inspired by East Asian myths and culture. While featuring historically designed buildings and traditional clothing, Ninjago exists in a modern setting centred around the large metropolis of Ninjago City, which features skyscrapers, current-age and futuristic vehicles, modern electronics, mechanical exo-suits (mechs), and other futuristic technology. The plot focuses on a group of six teenage ninja fighting against the forces of evil, who are also defined as "Elemental Masters", several characters who have elemental powers.

The series began with the ninja team being formed and trained by their ancient master Sensei Wu in the fictional martial art of "Spinjitzu", which is the main fighting method depicted in the show. The ninjas' base is a flying junk ship named "Destiny's Bounty", which has varied in design over the course of the series. The Pilot Episodes introduced the original four ninja characters named Kai, Cole, Jay, and Zane and Kai's sister Nya, while the central character Lloyd Garmadon was introduced in the first season, titled "Rise of the Snakes".

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Hinduism in Assam

Hinduism is the first largest religious affiliation in Assam with around 58% of the residents being it's followers as of 2021 census, down from the previous decade of 61.5% in 2011.

Hinduism mostly the Ekasarna sect of Vaishnavism is the dominant faith of the region since it's formation from 15th-16th century in Brahmaputra valley, Assam. Assamese people convert to Hinduism (Vaishnava sect) through several centuries ago, as during the time of Mahabharata Lord Krishna himself have visited the land of Assam many times and preach bhakti and Dharma to the locals through devotion. Iskon missionaries are active through various parts of Assam.
Shaktism sect of Hinduism is prominent among the Bengali Hindus living in Assam. Bathouism a sect of Hindu religion is popular among the bodo community in Assam.


Andriy Beshta

Andriy Petrovych Beshta (; 14 December 1976 – 30 May 2021) was a Ukrainian politician and diplomat. In November 2015, he became the Ukrainian ambassador to Thailand. In 2017, he took up part-time roles as ambassador to Laos and Myanmar. He held all three positions until his death in 2021. He was born in Rozhyshche, Volyn Oblast.

On 30 May 2021, Beshta died of a heart attack on the resort island of Ko Lipe, Satun Province, Thailand. He was 44.

Pacific lowland tree frog

The Pacific lowland tree frog ("Dendropsophus gryllatus") is a frog that lives in northwestern Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.6 to 25.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 27.5 to 30.6 mm long. This frog has a mark on its back that looks like the letter n. This frog can live in banana farms.

Edith Cowan

Edith Dircksey Cowan (' Brown; 2 August 1861 – 9 June 1932) was an Australian social reformer and politician. She is best known as the first Australian woman to be a member of parliament. She served in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1921 to 1924. She was a member of the Nationalist Party.

Cowan's activism mostly covered the rights and welfare of women and children. She played a key role in the women's suffrage movement. In 1899, women were granted the right to vote in Western Australia.

The federal Division of Cowan and Edith Cowan University are named in honour of her. Cowan has been featured on the reverse of Australia's 50-dollar note since 1995.

Cowan was born at Glengarry station near Geraldton, Western Australia. She married James Cowan in 1879. She died on 9 June 1932 in Subiaco, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. She was 70.

Bernardo Falcone

Bernardo Nunes Falcone (born August 31, 1983) is a Brazilian actor and singer. He began his career in 2007 in a small appearance on the telenovela "Amigas & Rivais", he also became famous on Disney Channel starring in the show "Quando Toca o Sino", Bernardo gained national prominence while acting in the telenovela "Rebelde Brasil".

Falcone was born in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro.


Hossein Omidi

Hossein Omidi (born 1984) is an Iranian actor.
MA in Acting from Tarbiat Modares University, 2015
BA in Acting from the Faculty of Arts and Architecture,
1387

Received the first male acting award for the play "Bride, Alas, Bluetooth Nightmare" from the Experience Theater Festival; 2007
- Received an honorary male acting diploma at the Fajr Theater Festival for acting in the play "Welcome to the death ceremony of my brother" 2013

Theater:
Taming a rebellious woman, Afshin Sakhai 2018
- Chegora, Cambys S.D. 1385
- Electr and Romeo and Juliet, Sepideh Nazaripour 1386
- Wet streets, Arash Mirtalebi 1386
- Bride, Sorrow, Nightmare, Arash Mirtalebi Bluetooth 2017
- Yadgar Zariran, Qutbuddin Sadeghi 1387
- Kites on the ground, Semane Zandinejad 1388
- Volpan, Mehdi Koushak 1389
- Baganeh, Mojtaba Rafiei 1390
- Standing at the soup hole, Ali Thaghafi 1391
-Welcome to the death ceremony of my brother, Semane Zandinejad 2013
- The predicament of 2012, the legend of thrift
- Marine Lady 2013, Ashkan Janabi
- A Midsummer Night's Dream 2013, Shkoufeh Taheri
_P. Do, Morteza Mir Nadziri, 1394
Sohrab mise-en-scene violation, Hamid Dehghani 2014
_Missolat of Petersburg, Maziar Sidi, 1395
_Couch, Milad Akhgar, 1395
_The story of Metranpage, Hassan Majouni, 1396
_Three Sisters, Hassan Majouni, 1396
_Waiting for Adolf, Alireza Koushak Jalali, 2016
_Shahr Ma, Hassan Majouni 2018
_The Golden Dragon, Ali Purushani, 2018
_Panahkah, Farid Qaderpanah 1400

Tv show:
_Made in Iran 2 (Barzo Niknejad) 1396
_Homganah (Mustafa Kiaei) 1398
_Made in Iran 3 (Bahman Gudarzi) 1400

movie :
_"A love story" (Mustafa Kushki) 1391
Four ways of Istanbul (Mustafa Kiaei) 2016
_Singer (Mustafa Kiaei) 2017
_Shabgerd (Farzad Motman) 2019

https://fa.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D8%A8%D8%A7%D9%86%DA%A9_%D8%AC%D8%A7%D9%85%D8%B9_%D8%A7%D8%B7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9%D8%A7%D8%AA_%D8%B3%D9%8A%D9%86%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%89_%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%86
https://fa.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D8%A8%D8%A7%D9%86%DA%A9_%D8%A7%D8%B7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9%D8%A7%D8%AA_%D8%A7%DB%8C%D9%86%D8%AA%D8%B1%D9%86%D8%AA%DB%8C_%D9%81%DB%8C%D9%84%D9%85%E2%80%8C%D9%87%D8%A7


South African braille

South African braille is a written language. It is a form of braille. It is a way of putting bumps on paper so blind people can read words with their fingertips.

Eleven languages are official in South Africa. Each of these languages is also written in Braille. English is written in Unified English Braille. The other languages use a basic Latin alaphabet, but they add diacritics. Punctuation is the same as in English braille.

In Desert and Wilderness (2001 movie)

In Desert and Wilderness () is a 2001 Polish adventure movie directed by Gavin Hood and is the second adaption of the 1911 novel of the same name by Henryk Sienkiewicz. It stars Karolina Sawka, Adam Fidusiewicz, Artur Żmijewski, Andrzej Strzelecki, Mzwandile Ngubeni.

Stephen Thompson (fighter)

Stephen Thompson (born February 11, 1983), nicknamed "Wonderboy", is an American professional mixed martial artist. He currently fights in the welterweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is a former full-contact kickboxer and was undefeated in 37 amateur and 20 professional kickboxing matches.

Thompson was born in Simpsonville, South Carolina. His sister is married to Carlos Machado. Thompson's brother, Tony, is married to Chris Weidman's sister.


Evanston, Wyoming

Evanston is a city near the southwest corner of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Uinta County. In 2019, about 11,600 people lived there.

Evanston was built in 1868 for the Union Pacific Railroad. The city is along the Bear River and Interstate 80. It is almost 6800 feet above sea level. 

Lil Loaded

Dashawn Maurice Robertson (August 1, 2000 – May 31, 2021) Deshawn known professionally as Lil Loaded, was an American rapper He rose to fame in the summer of 2019 after his song "6locc 6a6y" came out.

Robertson started rapping in late 2018. He rose to prominence when YouTuber Tommy Craze included his song "6locc 6a6y" in a reaction video where he watched YouTube music videos with 0 views. "6locc 6a6y" received over 28million views on YouTube, and was later certified gold. Robertson later released "Gang Unit", which garnered more than 39million YouTube views.

After his "6locc 6a6y" hit, Robertson signed with Epic Records. Robertson released his first mixtape "6locc 6a6y" in 2019. His first studio album "A Demon in 6lue" and second mixtape "CRIPTAPE" in 2020.

In the summer of 2020, Robertson did an Instagram Live stream from a hospital bed. On October 25, 2020, Robertson suddenly killed his friend, Khalia Walker, while recording a music video. Robertson turned himself in to police on November 9, 2020, after a warrant was issued for his arrest. He was indicted on a lesser charge of manslaughter in connection with the incident in February 2021.

Robertson died on May 31, 2021, at the age of 20. He was facing a manslaughter charge in the fatal shooting the prior year. His attorney stated that Lil Loaded died by committing suicide.

Cat Deeley

Catherine Elizabeth "Cat" Deeley (born 23 October 1976) is an English television presenter, model, actress, and television personality.

From 1998 to 2002, she hosted the children's programme "SMTV Live" and its spin-off chart show "". Deeley became the last presenter of "Stars In Their Eyes". She has been nominated five times for a Primetime Emmy Award.

List of national parks of the United States

There are 63 national parks in the United States. The National Park Service controls the parks, and also controls other protected areas.

The Landowner's Daughter

The Landowner's Daughter () is a 1953 Brazilian drama movie directed by Tom Payne and Oswaldo Sampaio and was based on the novel by Maria Camila Dezonne Pacheco Fernandes. It stars Anselmo Duarte, Eliane Lane, Ruth de Souza, Ricardo Campos.

Street fighting

Street fighting is hand-to-hand combat in public places, between several people. The fight sometimes results in serious injury or even death. Some street fights are gang-related.

A usual situation might involve two people arguing in a bar. One steps outside. A fight begins.

Being involved in a street fight often results in public disorder. Any people fighting "may" be charged by the police. Practice varies between countries, and even between towns. If any injuries are caused in the fight, the severity of the injury may determine the sentence and fine of the participants.

A "bar fight", or "bar brawl", is a street fight which happens in bars or taverns.

Paranoid Park (2007 movie)

Paranoid Park is a 2007 movie written and directed by Gus van Sant. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Blake Nelson. It's the story of a teenage skateboarder (played by Gabe Nevins) set against the backdrop of a police investigation into a mysterious death.

"Paranoid Park" premiered on May 21, at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and was given a limited release on March 7, 2008. It won one Independent Spirit Award, two Boston Society of Film Critics awards and the Cannes Film Festival's special 60th anniversary prize.

Thatgamecompany

Thatgamecompany, Inc. is an American independent video game development company founded by students Jenova Chen and Kelle Santiago in 2006.

In late 2005, Jenova Chen and Kellee Santiago, students of the Interactive Media Program at the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts, began thinking about creating their own video game company. The two had just released a video game—"Cloud"—that they had developed with several other students. The game was a success. This circumstance allowed students to think about creating their own company. The games should evoke emotions in players. 

Digital distribution was popularity at the time. The two saw it as opportunity to create games without financial risk of retail distribution. Thatgamecompany was founded on May 15, 2006, as Chen and Santiago finished their master's degrees. The company soon signed a deal with Sony Computer Entertainment, which had been impressed by Chen's Flash game "Flow". 

Shoosmiths

Shoosmiths LLP is UK law firm founded in 1845. Originally a Northampton firm, it now has 13 offices across the UK, including London, Birmingham, Manchester, Edinburgh and Belfast, plus one in Brussels. 

It has a primarily corporate client base including companies in the FTSE 100 and FTSE 250, and has a focus on the Energy & Infrastructure, Financial Services, Living, Mobility and Technology sectors. Shoosmiths works with individuals and corporates investing in the UK, as well as with UK-based clients operating in global markets via its membership of World Services Group. Its Brussels office advises clients on EU competition, regulatory and trade law.

The firm has recently won industry awards including ‘Law Firm of the Year’ at the Legal Business Awards 2022 and ‘Legal Team of the Year’ at the Estates Gazette Awards 2022.

Oath Keepers

The Oath Keepers are an American conservative and anti-government militia organization. They are made of military, police and first responders. They pledge to fulfill an oath that all military and police take in order to "defend the Consitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic".

The Oath Keepers were present and wearing combat uniforms in Ferguson, Missouri during the 2014 and 2015 unrest in the city. Members of the group were indicted on conspiracy charges for staging a planned mission during the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol.

Elmer Stewart Rhodes founded the Oath Keepers in March 2009.

Aurora Pita Alonso

Aurora Pita Alonso (15 July 1936 – 7 May 2021) was a Spanish-born Cuban television and stage actress. She was a member of the National Union of Writers and Artists of Cuba.

Pita Alonso died in Havana, Cuba, on 7 May 2021, aged 84.


Dendropsophus meridianus

Dendropsophus meridianus is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Tarlan Parvaneh

Tarlan Parvaneh (born July 9, 1998) is an Iranian actress.


Alireza Jafari

Alireza Jafari (born April 25, 1994) is an Iranian comedian and actor born on 25 April 1994 in Tehran, Iran.


Poolside (movie)

Poolside is a 2021 thriller short film directed by Alex Kinter.

The movie is about a 1950's housewife Meg Stephens who is trying to keek her mental health while being alone at her house pool. During her swimming in the pool, Meg started hearing strange voices. She decided to find the reason for these sounds.

The movie was shot in the house, customly designed and constructed for Mr. and Mrs. John Chester family in 1958.




The Lonely Villa

The Lonely Villa is a short silent crime drama shot by D. W. Griffith. The premiere took place in the US on June 10, 1909.

A group of thieves is trying to rob a rich family's house. They wait a moment when a rich man ("Robert Cullison") leaves the house, so that they could break into the house. The wife and daughters were still inside the house. The rich man eventually comes back to save his family.



Antiziganism

Antiziganism or antigypsyism, is fear and hatred of Sinti and Romani people. There has been antiziganism in Europe since at least 1300 c.e.

The Romani people are discriminated against in many countries. Sometimes they were even murdered. Between the 1500s and the 1700s, Romani men could be hanged without a trial in many countries.

Muslim Roma face double discrimination, they suffer from antiziganism and islamophobia

Harmful untrue information against the Romani people is spread worldwide. Unfortunately, the Romani people are blamed for many things by other peoples. As example, dubious sources claimed, that Talat Pasha who belogend to the Turks from Bulgaria, have been the son of a Romani mother and a Pomak father, which is simply not true. He had nothing to do with the Romani people from Bulgaria. This is done, to deny his turkish origins and to blame the Romani people.

Marion Leonard

Marion Leonard (June 9, 1881 — 9 January 1956) was an American actress, who became one of the first celebrities in the era of a silent movie.

She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She began her career in the theater and at the age of 27 she signed a contract with American Mutoscope and Biograph Company. She made her debut on the screen in the short film "At the Crossroads of Life" (1908) directed by Wallace McCutcheon, Jr. During the year, she was filmed mostly in films by D. W. Griffith.

Marion Leonard died in 1956 in Woodland Hills, California.

1902 Navy Midshipmen football team

The 1902 Navy Midshipmen football team served as the team of the United States Naval Academy in the 1902 college football season. In their second season under head coach Art Hillebrand, the Midshipmen got a 2–7–1 record and were beat by opponents by a total score of 99 to 35.

Early 1990s recession in the United States

The United States entered recession in 1990. It lasted eight months until March 1991. The recession was mild compared to other recessions post-World War II. However, it was marked by a substandard recovery, also called a jobless recovery. Unemployment continued to rise until June 1992 even though a positive economic growth had returned the year before.

July 1990 was the end of what was then the longest peacetime expansion in United States history. The United States had major job growth and declining unemployment before the 1990s recession. The hardest hit regions were New England and the West Coast of the United States. The Midwest was less affected.

Job losses and unemployment kept rising and hit 7.8% in June 1992. 

Other factors led to a slow economy. The factors included a dip in office construction due to too much building in the 1980s. Local markets in New England, Texas and Southern California went through the effects of too much commercial building.

Prince Amedeo, Duke of Aosta (born 1943)

Prince Amedeo, 5th Duke of Aosta (Amedeo Umberto Costantino Giorgio Paolo Elena Maria Fiorenzo Zvonimir di Savoia; 27 September 1943 – 1 June 2021) was an Italian royal and member of the House of Savoy.

Until 7 July 2006, Amedeo was known as the Duke of Aosta.

On 27 May 2021, Amedeo had heart surgery in Arezzo, Italy. He died from cardiac arrest caused by the surgery on 1 June, aged 77.

Christa Stubnick

Christa Stubnick (; née Seliger on 12 December 1933 – 13 May 2021) was an East German sprinter. She competed for the United Team of Germany in the 1956 Summer Olympics. She won silver medals in the 100 m and 200 m events.

Buddy Van Horn

Buddy Van Horn (August 20, 1928 – May 11, 2021) was an American stuntman and movie director. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was known for directing many Clint Eastwood movies such as "Any Which Way You Can" (1980), "The Dead Pool" (1988), and "Pink Cadillac" (1989).

Van Horn died on May 11, 2021 in Los Angeles at the age of 92.

Lesbian bar

The lesbian bar (also called a dyke bar or women's bar) is a bar for lesbians. The lesbian bar has a history different from gay bars.

Lesbian bars existed before queer community centers, health care centers and coffee shops. For a long time, lesbian bars were places of community and validation.

Women were historically barred from public spaces having alcoholic drinks. The women's saloon presence rose in the 1920s. Mona's 440 Club was the first lesbian bar in the United States. In the 1950s, bars began opening for working class lesbians, Caucasian or African American. Because of not enough economic capital and segregation, house parties were popular with the black lesbians.

Lesbian and gay identification and bar culture increased with the migration and passing through of people in big cities during and after World War II. In the 1970s, lesbian feminism began. Bars became important community activist spaces.

Sound Relief

Sound Relief was a rock concert held on 14 March 2009. It was announced by John Brumby on 24 February 2009.

Violet Hill

"Violet Hill" is a song by British rock band Coldplay. 

It was written for their fourth album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008).

Gap Inc.

The Gap, Inc. is an American worldwide clothing and accessories retailer.


Temple of Kom Ombo

The Temple of Kom Ombo is an ancient Egyptian temple located in Izbat Al Bayyarah, Egypt.

Paradise (Coldplay song)

"Paradise" is a song by the British rock band Coldplay.

Gorani people

The Gorani people live in different parts of the Balkan Mountains, especially in Kosovo. 
The language Gorani is a mix of Albanian language and Old Slavic languages. Their religion is Islam. In 1999, a mass circumcision was hold in Dragash for Gorani boys. Dragash is one of the main settlements, the Gorani Men are wellknown for Oil wrestling.

Gainax

Gainax Co. is a Japanese anime studio, well known as creator of Neon Genesis Evangelion.

Horror and terror

The difference between horror and terror is a standard and psychological concept common in Gothic and horror fiction. 

Passion (emotion)

Passion is a feeling of intense desire for someone or something.

Pomak

The Pomak is a Bulgarian language with Turkish loanwords dialect speaking group, who adopted Islam at the time of the Ottoman empire. Pomak Men are circumcised , mostly in a big mass sünnet ceremony ,
Their Ancestors are said once was the Thracians.
They live in the Rhodope Mountains at the Smolyan Province, in their own villages with Tobacco farms. They hold on a strictly Endogamy Arranged marriage. Mostly Pomaks are tall, have blond hair and blue eyes.

Pomaks live in Bulgaria in the Rhodope Mountain, in Greece and in Turkey.

They hold many old own traditions, music, and folk songs.

Dyke March

The Dyke March is a lesbian visibility and protest march. It is similar to the Gay Pride parade and gay rights protests. The main reason for the creation of Dyke Marches was to protest what was seen as the control of Pride events by white gay men. Dyke marches often happen on a Friday or Saturday before LGBT pride parades.

Dyke marches are held in Minneapolis, New York City, Washington, D.C., Boston, Buffalo, San Francisco, and Philadelphia,

Before "Dyke March" was a concept, one of the first documented lesbian pride marches in North America was in Vancouver, British Columbia in May 1981.

The first Dyke March was in Washington, D.C. on April 24, 1993.

A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour

A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour was the second concert tour by British band Coldplay. The tour was launched in support of the band's second album, "A Rush of Blood to the Head" (2002).

Jodi Balfour

Jodi Balfour (born 29 October 1987) is a South African actress. She is known for her role as Gladys Witham in the Canadian television drama series "Bomb Girls". In 2019, she starred in the Apple TV+ space drama series "For All Mankind".

Balfour is openly queer.

Melissa Barrera

Melissa Barrera (born July 4, 1990) is a Mexican actress and singer. Her career began with roles in the telenovelas "Siempre tuya Acapulco" (2013), "Tanto amor" (2015), "Club de Cuervos" (2017), "In the heights" (2021), "Scream" (2022) and sequel "Scream VI" (2023).

Hichem Djait

Hichem Djait (), (December 6, 1935 – June 1, 2021) was a Tunisian historian and scholar of Islam.

Djait was born in Tunis, Tunisia.

He was a Emeritus Professor at the University of Tunis. He was also a visiting professor at the McGill University and the University of California at Berkeley. 

Djait was a specialist in Medieval Islamic history, he was member of the International Scientific Institute for the "General History of Africa" edited by the UNESCO.

Adnan Al Sharqi

Adnan Hussein Mekdache (; 15 November 1941 – 1 June 2021), commonly known as Adnan Al Sharqi (), was a Lebanese football player and manager.

Al Sharqi represented Lebanon at the 1966 Arab Cup, scoring two goals in a 2–1 win over Kuwait on 5 April 1966.

Al Sharqi also coached the Lebanon national team between 1974 and 2008, coaching for 11 years. 

On 1 June 2021, Al Sharqi died in the Military Hospital in Beirut, Lebanon after struggling with illness.

Alice Weidel

Alice Elisabeth Weidel (born 9 December 1979) is a German politician and has been the leader of the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) in the Bundestag since October 2017. She has been a member of the Bundestag (MdB) since the 2017 federal election. 

Since November 2019, she has been the deputy federal spokeswoman for her party and, since February 2020, chairwoman of the AfD state association in Baden-Württemberg.

Harry Turtledove

Harry Norman Turtledove (born June 14, 1949) is an American author. He is best known for his works about alternate history, historical fiction, fantasy, science fiction, and mystery fiction. 

His "Worldwar" series received a Sidewise Award for Alternate History Honorable Mention in 1996. In 1998, his novel "How Few Remain" won the Sidewise Award for Alternate History. He won his second Sidewise Award in 2003 for his novel "Ruled Britannia". He won his third Sidewise Award for his short story "Zigeuner."

Ketogenesis

Ketogenesis is a process when fats and ketogenic amino acids are changed into ketones. It serves as a energy supplier in cases of ketosis. Somes cells cannot metabolize ketones or metabolize it very well, so glucose is either released or made from the liver.

ESPN Xtra

ESPN Xtra is a satellite radio station that carries sports talk programming produced by ESPN. The channel was originally on XM 141, but is now broadcast on Sirius XM Radio channel 81.

José Manuel Pinto

José Manuel Pinto Colorado (born 8 November 1975) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Celta


Barcelona



Grbavica (movie)

Grbavica is a 2006 Bosnian Austrian German Croatian war movie directed by Jasmila Žbanić and starring Mirjana Karanović, Luna Mijović, Leon Lučev, Jasna Beri, Ermin Bravo, Dejan Aćimović, Bogdan Diklić, Jasna Žalica.

R.O.S.E. (Jessie J album)

R.O.S.E. is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J. It was released by Republic Records in four parts, starting on 22 May 2018, and finishing on 25 May 2018, with a part being released on each day. The four parts released are R (Realisations), O (Obsessions), S (Sex) and E (Empowerment). Jessie co-wrote the album and worked with producers such as DJ Camper and Kuk Harrell.
"Renowned for Sound" gave "R.O.S.E." 3.5 out of 5 stars, with Rachael Scarsbrook saying that "splitting an album into four chunks is a brave move for a popstar, in a genre when fans are a little more casual and expect everything to be delivered to them in one all consuming format. That said, "R.O.S.E." feels like Jessie J almost fully rejecting her more mainstream appeal in order to put out a collection of tracks that mean a great deal to her on a more personal level. It might not be the kind of thing I normally go for, but as a project it's actually quite skilled and enjoyable."

All tracks written by Jessica Cornish and Darhyl Camper, except where noted. All tracks produced by Camper, except where noted.

Credits adapted from Tidal.

Performance

Technical

Non-fungible token

A non-fungible token (NFT) is a way of proving that a digital item is the only one of its kind in existence. Therefore it cannot be copied or reproduced without the owner's knowledge and consent. They can be thought of as a digital certificate of authenticity. NFTs are bought and sold online. They claim to be digital proof of ownership of a given item. NFTs are securely recorded on a blockchain.

Wow! signal

The Wow! signal was a strong radio signal received on August 15, 1977, by Ohio State University's Big Ear radio telescope in the United States, which was being used at the time in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence. The signal appeared to come from the direction of the constellation Sagittarius and met all the expectations of a signal of extraterrestrial origin.

Astronomer Jerry R. Ehman found the signal a few days after it was received while reviewing printout of the data collected by the telescope. He was so impressed by the strength of the signal that he circled the text that represented it, "6EQUJ5", and wrote the comment "Wow!" on its side, leading to the event's widely used name.

The entire signal was detected for the full 72-second window during which Big Ear was able to observe it, but has not been detected since, even though many, such as Ehman, have tried. Many explanations have been given on where the signal comes from, including natural and human-made sources, but none of them have been accepted by scientists as good enough to fully explain the signal.

Although the Wow! signal did not have any known encoded message, it remains the strongest candidate for an alien radio transmission ever detected.

In a 1959 paper, Cornell University physicists Philip Morrison and Giuseppe Cocconi hypothesized that any extraterrestrial civilization trying to communicate with radio signals might do so using a frequency of megahertz ( centimeters), because is naturally emitted by hydrogen, which is the most common element in the universe, and is likely familiar to all technologically advanced civilizations.

In 1973, after completing a survey of radio sources coming from other galaxies, Ohio State University assigned the Ohio State University Radio Observatory (nicknamed "Big Ear") to the scientific search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI), in the longest-running program of this kind in history. The radio telescope was located near the Perkins Observatory on the campus of Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio.

In 1977, Ehman was working at the SETI project as a volunteer; his job involved going through large amounts of data processed by a computer and recorded on paper. While looking at the data collected on August 15 at 22:16 EDT (02:16 UTC), he noticed a series of values showing signal strength and frequency that left him and others amazed.
The event was later documented in detail by the observatory's director.

The string 6EQUJ5 is commonly misunderstood as a message encoded in the radio signal. This string actually represents the signal's strength over time, expressed in the particular measuring system adopted for the experiment. The signal itself did not appear to change in a way that would have allowed for a message to be encoded, although any change that would have happened in less than 10 seconds or longer than 72 seconds would not have been detectable. The signal did, however, have a continuous wave.

The signal strength was measured by how much more powerful it was than the average background noise over the previous few minutes. The signal was sampled for 10 seconds and then processed by the computer, which took 2 seconds. Meaning that every 12 seconds the strength for each different frequency channel was printed as a single number or letter that represented the 10-second average strength, minus the strength of the background noise.

On this scale, an empty space was left for strengths between 0 and 1 standard deviations higher than the background noise. The numbers 1 to 9 showed how many standard deviations above the background noise the signal strength was. If the strength of the signal was 10 or above it would be indicated by a letter: "A" corresponded to a strength of 10, "B" to 11, "C" to 12, and so on. The Wow! signal's highest measured value was "U" (a strength of 30), making it thirty standard deviations above background noise.John Kraus, the director of the observatory, gave a value of in a 1994 summary written for Carl Sagan. However, Ehman in 1998 gave a value of . This is () above the hydrogen line value (with no red- or blue-shift) of . If due to blue-shift, it would mean the source was moving about towards Earth. An explanation of the difference between Ehman's value and Kraus's can be found in Ehman's paper.

The Wow! signal was a narrowband emission: meaning its bandwidth was less than kHz. The Big Ear telescope was able to measure fifty kHz-wide channels. The output from each channel was represented in the computer printout as a a different column with the number or letters printed on it representing the strength of the signal at that range. The Wow! signal is only in one column.
At the time the signal was heard, the Big Ear radio telescope was only adjustable for altitude (or height above the horizon), and used the spinning of the Earth to listen across the sky. Given how fast the Earth spins, and how big the telescope's observation window is, the Big Ear could listen to any given point in the sky for just 72 seconds. This means that a continuous extraterrestrial signal would only be able to be heard for exactly 72 seconds, and the recorded strength of such signal would display an increase for the first 36 seconds—peaking at the center of the observation window—and then a decrease as the telescope moved away from it. All these characteristics are present in the Wow! signal.

The exact spot in the sky where the signal came from is unclear because of the design of the Big Ear telescope. The telescope had two different structures (called feed horns) that listened to the sky, and both listened to the sky in slightly different directions, and would be moved along the sky by the Earth's spin. The Wow! signal was heard in one of these feed horns, but not in the other, and the data was processed in a way that makes it is impossible to determine which of the two horns heard the signal. Making two different spots in the sky where the signal could have come from.

The galactic coordinates for the positive horn are =11.7°, =−18.9°, and for the negative horn =11.9°, =−19.5°, both being therefore about 19° toward the southeast of the galactic plane, and about 24° or 25° east of the galactic centre. The region of the sky in question lies northwest of the globular cluster M55, in the constellation Sagittarius, roughly 2.5 degrees south of the fifth-magnitude star group Chi Sagittarii, and about 3.5 degrees south of the plane of the ecliptic. The closest easily visible star is Tau Sagittarii.

No nearby sun-like stars were within the are that was being listened to, although in any direction the antenna pattern would encompass about six stars that are far away.

There are a number of hypotheses as to what the Wow! signal is, and where it came from. Scientists have not gotten behind any one of these ideas. Interstellar twinkling of a weaker signal—similar in effect to twinkling of stars in the sky—could be an explanation, but that would not exclude the possibility of the signal being from extraterrestrials. The significantly more sensitive Very Large Array did not detect the signal, and the probability that a signal not detected by the Very Large Array could be detected by the Big Ear due to interstellar twinkling is low. Other hypotheses include a rotating lighthouse-like source, a signal sweeping in frequency, or just a one-time event.

Ehman has said: "We should have seen it again when we looked for it 50 times. Something suggests it was an Earth-sourced signal that simply got reflected off a piece of space debris." He later took back his some of his doubt, after further research showed that explanation to be very unlikely, given that any space debris the signal would have bounced off of would have had to meet some unrealistic requirements. Also, other problems arise because the 1420 MHz signal is within a a bandwidth reserved for astronomical purposes, in which radios on Earth are banned from using. In a 1997 paper, Ehman suggest that not draw "vast conclusions from half-vast data"— and acknowledged the possibility that the signal may have been military or from people on Earth.

METI president Douglas Vakoch told "Die Welt" that any SETI signal detections must be heard again for confirmation, and the fact that it has not been heard again making the Wow! signal have little credibility.

In 2017, Antonio Paris, a teacher from Florida, proposed that the hydrogen cloud surrounding two comets, 266P/Christensen and 335P/Gibbs, now known to have been in the same region of the sky, could have caused the Wow! signal. This idea was dismissed by astronomers, including members of the original Big Ear research team, as the comets he suggested were not in the exact right spot at the correct time. Also, comets do not emit strongly at the frequencies that the signal was heard, and there is no explanation for why a comet would be observed in one feed horn but not in the other.

Ehman and other astronomers have tried to hear the signal again and identify it. The signal was expected to occur three minutes apart in each of the telescope's feed horns, but that did not happen. Ehman searched for a second occurence of the signal using Big Ear in the months after the detection, but it was never heard again.
In 1987 and 1989, Robert H. Gray listened for the signal using the META array at Oak Ridge Observatory, but did not hear it.  In a July 1995 test of signal detection software to be used in its upcoming Project Argus, SETI League executive director H. Paul Shuch made several observations of the Wow! signal's place in the sky with a 12-meter radio telescope at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in Green Bank, West Virginia, also never hearing anything.

In 1995 and 1996, Gray again searched for the signal using the Very Large Array, which is significantly more sensitive than Big Ear.  Gray and Simon Ellingsen later searched for and second occurrence of the signal in 1999 using the 26-meter radio telescope at the University of Tasmania's Mount Pleasant Radio Observatory. Six 14-hour observations were made at positions in the general point in the sky, but nothing like the Wow! signal was ever heard. 

In 2012, on the 35th anniversary of the Wow! signal, Arecibo Observatory beamed a message at Hipparcos 34511, 33277, and 43587. The transmission consisted of approximately 10,000 Twitter messages that National Geographic has asked fans to send in with the hashtag "#ChasingUFOs" (a promotion for one of the channel's TV series). The sponsor also included a series of videos with messages from several celebrities.

To increase the chance that any extraterrestrials that would hear it would recognize the signal as an attempt to communicate from another intelligent life form, Arecibo scientists attached a header to each individual message, and sent the transmission at roughly 20 times the power of the most powerful commercial radio transmitter.



Love Island (2014 movie)

Love Island is a 2014 Croatian German Swiss Bosnian romantic comedy movie directed by Jasmila Žbanić and starring Ariane Labed, Ermin Bravo, Franco Nero, Leon Lučev, Branka Petrić.

Foro (TV channel)

<br>
FOROtv (English: "Forum TV") is a cable news television channel owned by Televisa. It is seen on most Mexican cable systems and full-time on two stations in Mexico, including XHTV-TDT in Mexico City, with selected programs airing on Televisa Regional and Televisa local stations.

ESPNews

ESPNews (pronounced "ESPN News", stylized ESPNEWS) is an American multinational digital cable and satellite television network owned by ESPN Inc., a joint venture between the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company (which owns a controlling 80% stake) and Hearst Communications (which owns the remaining 20%).

U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha

U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha is a 2005 South African musical movie directed by Mark Dornford-May and was based on the 1875 operetta "Carmen". It stars Pauline Malefane, Andile Tshoni, Lungelwa Blou.

Whitney (album)

Whitney is the second studio album by American singer Whitney Houston, released on June 2, 1987 by Arista Records as the follow-up to her self-titled debut album, "Whitney Houston".

The album features five top 10 hits on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, which also became international hits. The album's first four singles—"I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)", "Didn't We Almost Have It All," "So Emotional" and "Where Do Broken Hearts Go"—all hit number one on the US Hot 100, making her the first female singer to get four number one hits from one album. Along with three straight to number one singles from Houston's previous album, this gave the singer a seven consecutive number one hits, surpassing popular boy bands the Beatles and the Bee Gees, who each had six number one consecutive hits.

When the album was released, the critical reviews of "Whitney" were mixed. Some liked the material released from the album and compared it to her 1985 self-titled debut album, whereas some felt that Houston was not able to show her individuality as a singer.

"I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)"

"Just the Lonely Talking Again"

"Love Will Save the Day"

"Didn't We Almost Have It All"

"So Emotional"

"Where You Are"

"Love Is a Contact Sport"

"You're Still My Man"

"For the Love of You"

"Where Do Broken Hearts Go"

"I Know Him So Well"





 Kashif - producer

The Orange Suit

The Orange Suit () is a 2012 Iranian comedy-drama movie directed by Dariush Mehrjui and starring Hamed Behdad, Homayoun Ershadi, Mitra Hajjar, Leila Hatami.

I'm Your Baby Tonight

I'm Your Baby Tonight is the third studio album by American singer Whitney Houston. It released on November 6, 1990 by Arista Records. The album has been certified quadruple platinum in the US by the RIAA. For the album, Houston had more control with the album and worked with more R&B and urban artists and songwriters such as L.A. Reid and Babyface, as well as singer Luther Vandross, and did a collaboration with Stevie Wonder, as well as working with previous producers Narada Michael Walden and Michael Masser, making the album a more R&B sounding album than a pop and soul sounding album, while adding dance-pop and new jack swing sounds to the album.




The Music Award is for the most creative and enduring contribution by a performer in live appearances or as a recording artist. Houston was presented this award for her achievements as an award-winning recording, performing and video artist, for her successful "I'm Your Baby Tonight World Tour", for her best-selling video and single of "The Star-Spangled Banner" performed at Super Bowl XXV and for her multi-platinum album, "I'm Your Baby Tonight".

Categories which Houston was ranked #1, were excluded. See above awards list for her #1-ranked-categories.

Thank U, Next

Thank U, Next (stylized in all lowercase) is the fifth studio album by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on February 8, 2019, by Republic Records, less than six months after her album "sweetener". The cover shows Grande upside down with a dark ponytail, with "thank u, next" spray-painted across her neck. Digital versions of the album show a pink background, while the physical album has a black background.

Three singles were released from the album: "thank u, next", "7 Rings", and "Break Up with Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored". The first two entered at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, Canadian Hot 100, and in several other countries. "break up with your girlfriend, i'm bored" entered at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 when "7 rings" was on top and "thank u, next" was at number three. This made Grande the first solo artist to occupy the top three of that chart in one week. In the UK, all three singles reached number one.

The album entered album charts at number one in several countries, including the US, UK, Canada, and Australia.



2020–21 EFL Championship

The 2020–21 EFL Championship (known as the Sky Bet Championship for sponsors) was the 17th season of the Football League Championship under its current title and the 29th season under its current format. 

First leg

Second leg







Jacques Lacoursière

Jacques Lacoursière, (1932 – 1 June 2021) was a Canadian television host, author and historian. Lacoursière was born in Shawinigan, Quebec. He was known for making historical documentaries about Quebec such as "Épopée en Amérique : une histoire populaire du Québec".

He died on 1 June 2021, at the age of 89.

Lacoursière was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 2006. 

Little One (movie)

Little One is a 2012 South African drama movie directed by Darrell Roodt and starring Lindiwe Ndlovu, Vuyelwa Msimang, Mutodi Neshehe, Luzuko Nqeto, Samela Tyelbooi.

Mike Marshall (pitcher)

Michael Grant "Iron Mike" Marshall (January 15, 1943 – June 1, 2021) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1967 and from 1969 through 1981 for nine different teams.

Marshall died under hospice care in Zephyrhills, Florida on June 1, 2021, at the age of 78.

Bunny Matthews

Will Bunn "Bunny" Matthews III (February 15, 1951 – June 1, 2021) was an American cartoonist and writer. He was best known for his works of New Orleans characters.

Matthews' cartooning style has been called "post-psychedelic baroque".

Some of Matthews' artwork can be viewed in the Louisiana State Museum in Baton Rouge, the Audubon Insectarium in New Orleans, and gracing the sides of New Orleans bakery Leidenheimer Baking Co.'s delivery trucks.

In 2015, Matthews was diagnosed with brain cancer. He died of lymphoma on June 1, 2021 in Abita Springs, Louisiana at the age of 70.

For Those Who Can Tell No Tales

For Those Who Can Tell No Tales is a 2013 Bosnian Qatari German drama movie directed by Jasmila Žbanić and starring Kym Vercoe, Boris Isaković, Simon McBurney, Branko Cvejić, Leon Lučev, Pamela Rabe.

Lady Dimitrescu

Alcina Dimitrescu (, "Oruchīna Domitoresuku"), better known as Lady Dimitrescu, is a fictional character in the 2021 survival horror video game "Resident Evil Village". She is one of the major antagonistic characters of "Village". She is a gigantic noblewoman with vampire-like traits. She lives with her three daughters in Castle Dimitrescu.

After the video games release, Lady Dimitrescu became increasingly popular internationally and has become a subject of fan-driven labor, including fan art, cosplay, memes, and erotica.

Resident Evil Village

Resident Evil Village is a survival horror game developed and published by Capcom. The sequel to "" (2017), players control Ethan Winters, who is searching for his kidnapped daughter.

"Resident Evil Village" also includes an online multiplayer mode. The game was announced at the PlayStation 5 reveal event in June 2020 and was released on May 7, 2021. "Resident Evil Village" received strong positive reviews.

Resident Evil 7: Biohazard

Resident Evil 7: Biohazard is a 2017 survival horror game developed and published by Capcom. The game is about Ethan Winters as he searches for his long-missing wife in a plantation in Louisiana run by an infected family, solving puzzles and fighting enemies.

"Resident Evil 7" was released in January 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and in May 2018 for the Nintendo Switch in Japan. A sequel, "Resident Evil Village", was released on May 7, 2021.

Parliament of Cambodia

The Parliament of Cambodia (, , ) is the bicameral legislature of the Government of Cambodia, consisting of the Senate and the National Assembly. The Parliament is composed of 187 members, 125 MPs and 62 Senators.

National Assembly (Cambodia)

The National Assembly (, , ) is one of the two houses (chambers) of the Parliament of Cambodia. It is referred to as the lower house, with the Senate being referred to as the upper house.

The National Assembly is an elected body consisting of 125 members known as Members of Parliament (MPs). Members are elected for five-year terms.


Senate of Cambodia

The Senate (, , ) is the upper house of the Parliament of Cambodia. It is a legislative body is made up of 62 members. Fifty-eight of the Senate seats are elected every six years. The first Senate session was held on March 25, 1999, and the first election was held on January 22, 2006.


Tram Iv Tek

Tram Iv Teuk (November 30, 1948 – June 1, 2021) was a Cambodian politician. He was the Minister of Posts and Telecommunications from 2016 until 2020. From 2003 until 2008 and from 2018 until his death, he was a member of the National Assembly.

Tram died on June 1, 2021 at the age of 72.

Rick Mitchell

Richard "Rick" Charles Mitchell (24 March 1955 – 30 May 2021) was an Australian sprinter and triple Olympian. He competed in the 400 metres and 4 × 400 metres relay. Mitchell won a silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, and also won one gold, two silver, and one bronze medals at the Commonwealth Games in 1978 and 1982.

Mitchell died on 30 May 2021 from prostate cancer in Sydney, aged 66.

Old Navy

Old Navy is an American clothing and accessories company owned by the multinational corporation Gap Inc. Its corporate operations are in the Mission Bay neighborhood of San Francisco, California. The company also has flagship stores in New York City, Seattle, Chicago and Mexico City.

On March 11, 1994, Gap Warehouse changed its name to Old Navy Clothing Co. to establish a separate image from its parent company Gap Inc. The first Old Navy stores got started in the Northern California towns or cities of Colma, San Leandro and Pittsburg.

On October 26, 2017, Old Navy opened two flagship stores in New York City (one in Times Square). The Times Square flagship store caters to New York City crowds. It has extended hours.

Grace Fulton

Grace Caroline Fulton (born July 17, 1996) is an American actress and dancer. Her career began in 2001. She played young Melinda Gordon on "Ghost Whisperer", Haley Farrell in "Bones", and young Natalie Wood in "The Mystery of Natalie Wood". 

In 2017 she appeared in the movie "" and in 2019 she played Mary Bromfield in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" (2019). She also plays the part of Mary and her super hero form in the 2023 sequel, "Shazam! Fury of the Gods".

Levi Strauss &amp; Co.

Levi Strauss & Co. is an American clothing company. It makes Levi's denim blue jeans. It was founded in San Francisco, California in May 1853.

Levi's jeans were worn especially often in the "blue jeans craze" between the 1960s and the 1990s.

As of 2016, the Levi Strauss Signature jeans are sold in 110 countries.

In March 2019, Levi's started on the New York Stock Exchange by the ticker "LEVI".

List of songs recorded by ABBA

This is a list of songs recorded by ABBA. It is in alphabetical order.

Sam's Club

Sam's West, better known as Sam's Club, is a North American chain of warehouse stores. They are owned by Walmart. Sam's Club was founded in 1983. 

On January 11, 2018, Sam's Club decided to permanently close some stores. Walmart then told the "Business Insider" 63 stores would be closing in several states, including Arizona, Ohio, New York, Illinois, California and Texas.

Membership is required before buying from Sam's Club. It can be renewed online, by mail or in person.

Jovino Novoa

Jovino Novoa Vásquez (31 March 1945 – 1 June 2021) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was born in Santiago de Chile. From 1998 until 2014, Novoa was a member of the Senate. Between 2009 and 2010, he was the President of the Senate.

Novoa died on 1 June 2021 in Santiago from emphysema, aged 76.

José Manuel Piñeiro Amigo

José Manuel Piñeiro Amigo (27 May 1938 – 1 June 2021) was a Spanish politician and lawyer. He worked at the Congress of Deputies from 1977 until 1982. He was born in Cambados, Spain.

Piñeiro Amigo died on 1 June 2021, aged 83.

Indian classical dance

The Indian classical dances are the dance forms representing the exemplary standards within the traditional and long-established forms or styles of the Indian culture. According to the Encyclopedia Britannica, there are six classical dance forms of India. However, the number of classical dances vary in accordance to various sources.




Bharatnatyam is a classical Indian dance form that originates from that originates in the temples of Tamil Nadu. The dance form is a reconstruction os Sadir, the art of temple dancers devadasis. Lord Shiva as Nataraja is considered the God of this dance form. Today, it is one of the most popular and widely performed dance form practiced by male and female dancers all over the world. The original name of Bharatnatyam was Sadir, Chinnamelan and Dasi Attam. A possible origin of the Bharatnatyam is that it comes after Bharata Muni, the author of Natya Shastra. Another popular etymology (explanation of the name) holds “Bhavan” means expression, “ragam” means melody and “Talam” means rhythm, finally, “Natyam” means dance, so the dance which has Bhavan, Ragam and Talam is called Bharatnatyam.

Bharatnatyam is a solo dance with two aspects Lasya, the graceful and feminine aspects associated with Goddess Parvati and Tandava , the masculine and rigorous aspects associated with Lord Shiva.
The Bharatnatyam training has been given its present shape by the Tanjore brothers. It begins with the practice of Adavus and then the students are taught the Margam from Pushpanjli, Kautvam, Alarippu, Jatiswaram, Sabdam, Varnam, Padams, Tilina. After many years of training, a student can perform an “arangetram”, the first solo performance by a student. Bharatnatyam compositions are based on Carnatic Music system of Ragams and talams. It features graceful and assertive movements that are performed imaginary lines and geometrical patterns

Kathak is a dance form that originates from Uttar Pradesh, North India. It is said that: “Katha kahe so kathak,” which means that ‘He who tells a story is a Kathak’. The Kathak or professional story-teller had a thorough knowledge of the epics and mythology, village legends and local beliefs. It is said that the kathak was so adept at this art that he often kept a whole village absorbed while he sat entertaining them. 
Kathak is characterised bt graceful movements, subtle expressions and sophisticated use of rhythm. Technical virtuosity and flamboyance is complimented by subtlety in the depiction of moods and emotions. Pure dance is the predominant feature of Kathak. In Kathak, the dancer addresses directly to the audience. The knees are not flexed outwards or forwards as in the other classical dance form of India. The feet, with ghungroos around the ankles, beat out a whole range of rhythmic sounds. Skill in rendering intricate beats is fundamental to the style. 
Although, Kathak was an established tradition as a medium of worship during the Vaishnava age, it started being performed in courts with the coming of the Mughals. The dancer moved from thr temple courtyards to the palace durbar and this brought changes on the presentation as we know it today. Kathak saw a great period of glory in the 19th century during the reign of Wajid Ali Shah, the last nawab of Awadh. It was under his patronage that the Lucknow gharana was established. The two other important gharanas in Kathak are the Jaipur gharana and the Banaras gharana.

Esma Redžepova

Esma Redžepova (born August 8, 1943 - December 11, 2016), in Skopje, was a singer from North Macedonia who belonged to the Muslim Romani people. She sang folk songs in Romani language, Turkish and Macedonian language.
Redžepova was the most famous Roma singer from the Balkans and was called the Romani Queen of Song. She travelled to different countries, She was also a big Roma Activist, and she was often in India where she met Indira Gandhi. 

She did not have any children, although she is thought to have adopted more 40 kids.

Lisa Marie (actress)

Lisa Marie Smith (born December 5, 1968) is an American actress and model. Marie is known for being in a relationship with Tim Burton and for being in some of his movies.

Marie went on to appear briefly in "Let's Get Lost", and had a small role in Woody Allen's movie "Alice".

IRIS Kharg

The Kharg () was a modified fleet replenishment oiler of the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy, named after Kharg Island. It was launched in 1977 and was delivered to Iran in 1984. On 2 June 2021, "Kharg" caught fire and sank near Jask in the Gulf of Oman.

"Kharg" was the largest naval vessel of Iran in terms of tonnage.

Georgina Bloomberg

Georgina Leigh Bloomberg (born January 20, 1983) is the owner of the equestrian team New York Empire, a professional equestrian, and a philanthropist. She is the daughter of Susan Brown and Michael Bloomberg – former New York City mayor, founder of Bloomberg LP. 

Bloomberg was born in New York City. Her only sibling, Emma, is four years older. She attended The Spence School and graduated from New York University's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in 2010. She studied at fashion design at The New School's Parsons School of Design in 2012.

Bloomberg began riding horses at age four in 1987. In 1989, she began competing and won best child rider awards at every major horse show on the US east coast. In 2000, she began competing in jumpers. In 2001, at age 18, she won the United States Equestrian Team (USET)'s Talent Derby. In 2003, Bloomberg won the individual gold medal.

In 2004, at age 21, she became a professional rider, and was the winner of the Maxine Beard Award.

In 2005, she was the winner of the Metropolitan Cup and the Las Vegas Invitational Knockout competition, competed in the World Cup Finals, and was a member of the winning Samsung Super League team in La Baule, France.

In 2007, she won the WEF Challenge Cup and was a member of the winning USA teams in Hamina, Finland and Falsterbo, Sweden. In Sweden, Bloomberg contributed her first double clear nations cup performance at a 5* competition. She also placed fourth in the Queen's Cup at Hickstead and was the highest placed American in the Dublin Grand Prix that summer.

In 2008, Bloomberg was a member of the last Samsung Super League Final in Barcelona.

In 2010, she was the winner of the Empire State Grand Prix and the Bluegrass Festival Grand Prix.

In August 2014, she anchored the U.S. team victory at Furusiyya Nations Cup in Gijon, Spain, with a double clear performance. She was the winner of the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3 in 2014.

In 2015, Bloomberg won the Adequan Grand Prix CSI 3* at the 2015 Winter Equestrian Festival. At the 2015 Pan American Games, she won team bronze as the newest member of the U.S. Equestrian Team.

In 2016, she was the winner of the Royalton Farms Open Jumper 1.4m class at the Hampton Classic Horse Show. She was also the winner of the American Gold Cup Qualifier and the Hermes Sellier Classic at the American Gold Cup. Also in 2016, she participated in the inaugural season of the Global Champions League, as a rider for and owner of Team Miami Glory.

After two years with Team Miami Glory, Bloomberg began the 2018 season as both a rider and team owner for the New York Empire.

In 2019, Bloomberg promoted the Longines Global Champions Tour Finals, taking place in her hometown, New York City.

Bloomberg currently has several show jumping horses. In the M40 to Grand Prix divisions, she has Paola 233, Lilli, Cessna 24, Crown 5, Calista, Quibelle, Manodie, Cliff Z and South Street. In the young horse divisions, she has Manhattan, Excelsior, and Starry Night.

Bloomberg has co-authored several young adult novels about the equestrian show circuit:


At 23, Bloomberg founded the Rider's Closet, which collects new and gently used riding clothing and boots and provides them to therapeutic riding programs, pony clubs, intercollegiate riding programs and individuals in need.

Bloomberg currently serves on the board of the Hampton Classic Horse Show, the Emma and Georgina Bloomberg Foundation, and the Bloomberg Family Foundation. She sits on the board of trustees for the U.S. Equestrian Team. Bloomberg is also a vice president at Animal Aid USA.

In 2016, the Humane Society of the United States recognized Bloomberg with the Compassion in Action Award "for her tireless work to protect all animals."

She is a founding member of Humane Generation/Friends of Finn committee, which works with the Humane Society of the United States to end the inhumane treatment of dogs in puppy mills and advocates for pet adoption.

In December 2013, Georgina Bloomberg gave birth to a son, Jasper Michael Brown Quintana, fathered by then Argentine Olympic show jumping rider boyfriend Ramiro Quintana, who does not play a day-to-day role in his son's life. She currently has four rescue dogs, a rescue goat, two rescue mules and two mini-horses. "Forbes" magazine ranked her as one of the 20 "Most Intriguing Billionaire Heiresses". She splits her time between Manhattan and North Salem, New York, as well as Wellington, Florida.

Bloomberg was born with the back condition spondylolisthesis, which causes her back to fracture easily due to instability. In 2002, she broke her back while training for the Hampton Classic and recovered after wearing a brace for six months. Bloomberg broke her back again and suffered a small concussion after falling from a horse. She announced days later that despite the accident, she was eager to return to the sport. Bloomberg ultimately had surgery in 2011 to reshape her spine and took eight months off to recover.

New York's 17th congressional district

New York's 17th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of New York.

From 1833 to 1843, two seats were apportioned to the 17th district, elected at-large on a general ticket.

Alfredo

Alfredo can mean:


Alfredo (name)

Alfredo (, ) is a male given name from the Germanic name Alfred. It is a common Italian, Galician, Portuguese and Spanish language personal name. Alfredo is a commonly used name for males with origins in the Germanic language. Its etymology can be traced back to the Old English name "Ælfræd," which translates to "elf counsel" or "wise counselor." The name has a rich history spanning centuries and has been popularized by numerous prominent individuals throughout the ages. This name was ranked #707 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Pop it (toy)

A Pop-It (also known as Go Pop and Last One Lost) is a fidget toy. It is made of a brightly colored silicone tray with bubbles that can be popped. These bubbles are similar to bubble wrap but they can be flipped and re-used. The toys come in many different colors, shapes and sizes. Some of them can even be worn. The toy is marketed as a stress-reliever. It became popular the spring of 2021 because of TikTok influencers. Its popularity was also affected by boredom and stress caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Barnsley

Barnsley () is a large market and college town in South Yorkshire, England, the town is surrounded by several towns and villages, which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley, of which Barnsley is the administrative centre. At the 2011 Census, Barnsley had a population of 91,297 out of close to 250,000 in the wider borough in the Dearne Valley. Historically in the West Riding of Yorkshire. It is located between the cities of Sheffield, Manchester, Wakefield and Leeds. It is home to Barnsley F.C. and they play at Oakwell.

Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia

The Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia (in Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Sovet Ensiklopediyası, Cyrillic: Азәрбајҹан Совет Енсиклопедијасы) is a ten volume universal encyclopedia published in Baku, Azerbaijan from 1976 to 1987 by the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. The editor-in-chiefs were Rasul Rza and Jemil Kuliyev. A special volume dedicated to Azerbaijan was planned to be published after the main ten volumes, but due to rising political problems and the difficult economic situation, it has not been released. The complete set has been digitized and archived at the Internet Archive in 2021.




Crump tree frog

The Crump tree frog ("Dendropsophus brevifrons") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Peru, Brazil, Bolivia, and Ecuador.

The adult male frog is 18 to 21 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 23 mm long. This frog looks for food at night.

The eggs are bright yellow and look like the spots on the female frog's legs. The female frog lays eggs on the tops of green leaves above water. After the tadpoles hatch, they fall into the water. Beetles and grasshoppers eat about half the eggs before they can hatch.

Twelve Years a Slave

Twelve Years a Slave is a book written by Solomon Northup. It was published in 1853. It is a true story. Northup was a free black man living in New York before the American Civil War. He was kidnapped and sold as a slave to Louisiana in 1841. "12 Years a Slave" was made into a movie in 2013.

In the 1840s, it was legal for people in Southern states to buy and sell enslaved people who had been born to enslaved mothers. But it was not legal to take a free person, pretend they were a slave, and sell that person. This is what happened to Solomon Northup.

After he was rescued in 1853, Solomon Northup traveled around the United States making speeches about his twelve years in the South. He did this because he wanted American voters to stop slavery. Later, he wrote down his speeches as a book. Editor David Wilson helped Northup write the book. Some people have asked whether Wilson wrote most of the book for Northup. But Wilson said that he heard Northup tell the story out loud many times without ever making a mistake or changing it and that he, Wilson, only helped Northup write it all down.

The book is true, but Northup and his publisher, Derby, were influenced by "Uncle Tom's Cabin" by Harriet Beecher Stowe, which was published one year earlier. The book is dedicated to Harriet Beecher Stowe. They marketed the book as "another "Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin"," meaning that, like Stowe's book, "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin", it explained and supported "Uncle Tom's Cabin", proving that Stowe had not lied about how bad slavery was.

For many years, people forgot about "12 Years a Slave". Historian Sue Eakin found a copy in 1930 when she was twelve years old. When she grew up, she collected proof that Northup's story was true. For example, she talked to people who had known Edwin Epps, and they said Epps had told them the story was true.

The first chapters of the book talk about Northup's family and his life as a free man in New York. He is married and has children. His wife is a cook. He has had many jobs, as a farmer and carpenter, but he can also play the violin well.

While his wife is away on a cooking job, Northup meets men who say they want him to travel with them as a musician. He agrees. He makes sure he has papers proving he is a free man before traveling with them to Washington D.C. But when they are in the city, the men drug him and steal the papers. He wakes up in a cell because they have sold him as a slave.

Northup is taken south on a boat. Some of the other captives have been slaves all their lives, but others are kidnapped free men like Northup. Some of them plan to take over the boat and escape, but then they get sick and cannot. Northup, who can read and write, writes a note to a white friend in New York saying what has happened to him. One of the sailors promises to mail it for him.

In the rest of the book, Northup talks about living as a slave, about the people he meets, about the work he does, and about what he does to try to get home. The slavers give Northup the fake name "Platt." Northup says that the first man who bought him, named Ford, was not very bad. But the second man who bought him, named Tibeats, was cruel. The third man, named Epps, was even worse. He would hit and whip slaves no matter what they did. He would wake them up and make them dance at night. The next day, Epps would beat them if they did not work as hard as if they had had a full night's sleep. Epps would force the slaves to beat and whip each other while he watched. Northup talks about coming back to his cabin to find his cabinmate, Abram, covered in blood because Epps had stabbed him with a knife. Northup talks about Patsey, a slave woman, whom Epps forces to have sex with him. Northup talks about how Epps' wife hates Patsey even though it was not her fault. One time, Patsey has gone to a friend to get a bar of soap. Epps forces Northup to whip Patsey.

Northup always wants to go home to his family in New York. Because he is legally a free man, his friends from New York can come and bring him home. Northup must find a way to tell them where he is. Northup tries to steal paper and ink so he can write a letter to his family in New York. But he cannot go to the post office to send a letter himself. He needs a white person to send the letter for him. The first man he asks tells Epps, and Northup barely manages to talk his way out of trouble. After some years, Northup finds a Canadian man who will send the letters for him. The Canadian does so.

Northup's friends and family get the letter. They talk to a white lawyer, Henry B. Northup, who talks to the governor of New York. Henry Northup is given official permission to go to Louisiana to look for Solomon Northup and bring him back to New York. Henry Northup travels to Washington D.C. to talk to a senator from Louisiana first then goes to Louisiana to talk to judges and officials. He has trouble finding Solomon Northup because he does not know he is being called "Platt." Eventually, they find the Canadian, who tells them Solomon Northup's fake name. Henry Northup finds Solomon Northup and shows the county sheriff proof that Solomon Northup really is a free man. Solomon Northup goes north with Henry Northup.

Solomon and Henry Northup stop in Washington D.C. and the men who kidnapped Solomon are put on trial. He is not allowed to testify. The men are not convicted. Then Solomon Northup goes home to his family.

"12 Years a Slave" was a best seller. It sold 25,000 copies in the first two years. It was not as popular as "Uncle Tom's Cabin" but many people read it.

In modern times, book reviewers, for example the "Los Angeles Review of Books", have examined and studied "12 Years a Slave".


The Three Musketeers (1993 movie)

The Three Musketeers is a 1993 Austrian American action adventure comedy movie directed by Stephen Herek and was based on the 1844 novel of the same name by Alexandre Dumas. It stars Charlie Sheen, Kiefer Sutherland, Chris O'Donnell, Oliver Platt, Tim Curry, Rebecca De Mornay, Paul McGann, Gabrielle Anwar, Julie Delpy.


Joy (2018 movie)

Joy is a 2018 Austrian drama movie directed by Sudabeh Mortezai and starring Joy Anwulika Alphonsus, Mariam Sanusi, Angela Ekeleme. The film made an entry from Austria for the "Best International Feature Film" at the 92nd Academy Awards event but was later removed from the nomination list because, according to Academy, it has mostly English dialougs.

Freihung

Freihung is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Freudenberg, Bavaria

Freudenberg is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate. It is about 10 km north-east of Amberg.

Lake Genval

Lake Genval (, ) is an artificial lake in Belgium, southeast of Brussels near the Sonian Forest, which is a part of the municipalities of Rixensart, Walloon Brabant and Overijse, Flemish Brabant. A popular vacation and holiday destination, the lake is surrounded by turn-of-the-century homes built during the Belle Époque. On the lake's south is the Château du Lac, a five-star hotel, restaurant, and bar.

Warren, Pennsylvania

Warren is a city in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is near the Allegheny River. The population was 9,404 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Warren County.

Wood, South Dakota

Wood is a town in Mellette County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 41 at the 2020 census.

White River, South Dakota

White River (Lakota: "Makhízita wakpá"; "White Dirt River") is a city in and the county seat of Mellette County. South Dakota, United States. The population was 533 at the 2020 census.

Mound City, South Dakota

Mound City is a town in and the county seat of Campbell County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 69 at the 2020 census.

Sex in movies

Sex in movies is about human sexuality in movies. Any form of sexuality being present in movies has been controversial since the development of movies. Some movies having sexuality have been criticized by religious groups. Some have been banned or censored by the governments of certain countries. In countries with film rating systems, movies having explicit sex often get a restricted rating. For example, in the United States, many movies with explicit sex are given NC-17 ratings by the Motion Picture Association of America. Examples of such movies are "Blue Is the Warmest Colour" (2013), "Showgirls" (1995), "Belle de Jour" (1967), "In the Realm of the Senses" (1976), "Last Tango in Paris" (1972), "Crash" and "When Night Is Falling" (1995). 

Erotic movies are usually movies having an erotic quality that may create sexual themes or feelings.

Sexual scenes, themes or materials are found in a wide range of genres or sub-genres. Some genres that have sexual or erotic components include the term "erotic" in their descriptions. These include erotic dramas, erotic thrillers, sex comedies and romantic dramas.

John Rutherford (Florida politician)

John Henry Rutherford (; born September 2, 1952) is an American politician. He is in the United States House of Representatives for Florida's 4th congressional district since 2017. He was an officer with the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office before serving as the Duval County Sheriff from 2003 to 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

Katie Hobbs

Kathleen Marie "Katie" Hobbs (born December 28, 1969) is an American politician and social worker and the 24th and current governor of Arizona since 2023. Hobbs was the 21st secretary of State of Arizona from 2019 to 2023. She was an Arizona state senator representing the 24th district from 2013 to 2019. Hobbs was a Arizona state representative representing the 15th district from 2011 to 2013. 

In June 2021, Hobbs announced her candidacy for governor in the 2022 election. In August 2022, she won the nomination in the primaries. She won the general election in November 2022, defeating former news anchor Kari Lake.

Kimberly Yee

Kimberly Yee (born February 23, 1974) is an American politician. She is the 45th and current Arizona State Treasurer since 2019. She is the first Asian-American woman elected to the Arizona Legislature.

Yee is a member of the Republican Party. She was elected to the Arizona House of Representatives for the 10th legislative district from 2011 to 2013 and the Arizona Senate for the 20th legislative district from 2013 until 2019. 

On May 17, 2021, Yee announced her candidacy for Governor of Arizona in the 2022 election. However, she withdrew from the race in January 2022 to run for reelection as treasurer.

Belle de Jour (movie)

Belle de Jour is a 1967 drama movie. It is based on the 1928 novel of the same name.

The title of this movie is a play on words on the French term "belle de nuit" ("beauty of the night", which means a prostitute).

The movie won the Golden Lion and the Pasinetti Award for Best Film at the 1967 Venice Film Festival.

Séverine Serizy, a young and beautiful housewife, is unable to be physically intimate with her husband, Dr. Pierre Serizy. However, they still love each other. Her sex life is limited to elaborate fantasies involving domination, bondage and sadomasochism. Pierre is frustrated with his wife's frigidity towards him. He respects her wishes, though.

While visiting at a ski resort, they meet two friends, Henri Husson and Renée. Séverine doesn't like Husson's manner and the way he looks at her. Back in Paris, Séverine meets up with Renée. Séverine learns that a common friend, Henriette, now works at a brothel. At her house, Séverine receives roses from Husson. She is unsettled by the gesture. At the tennis courts, Séverine meets Husson. They talk of Henriette and houses of pleasure. Husson mentions a high-class brothel to Séverine. Husson later confesses his desire. Séverine, however, rejects his advances.

Séverine is haunted by childhood memories. Those include one in which a man appears to touch her in an inappropriate manner. Séverine goes to the brothel. The place is run by Madame Anaïs. That afternoon Séverine gives service to her first client. At first, she does not want to have sex. But then, she responds to the "firm hand" of Madame Anaïs. Séverine then receives the name "Belle de Jour" She has sex with the client. Séverine stays away for one week. She then comes back to the brothel. She begins working from two to five o'clock each day. Later, Séverine returns to her husband in the evenings.

One day, Husson comes by to visit Séverine at her house. She does not want to see him. She does fantasize of having sex with him while her husband is present. Séverine's physical relationship with her husband improves. She begins having sex with him.

Séverine later gets involved with a young gangster named Marcel. He offers her the thrills and excitement of her fantasy. Marcel later becomes very demanding and jealous. Séverine decides to leave the brothel under Madame Anaïs' agreement. Séverine also worries about Husson. He has discovered her secret life at the brothel. One of Marcel's gangster associates follows Séverine to her house. Marcel visits her. He threatens telling her secret to her husband. She pleads for him to leave. And he does.


On the movie review website Rotten Tomatoes, "Belle de Jour" has a 95% approval rating. Roger Ebert gave the movie four out of four stars. It was included on his Great Movies list.

Breast fetishism

As a paraphilia, breast fetishism (also called breast partialism) is an atypical sexual attraction that has an exclusive focus on female breasts. The term "breast fetishism" is also used in non-paraphilic sense. In this sense, it refers to the cultural attention for female breasts and the sexuality they represent.

The breasts have roles for both sexual pleasure and reproduction.

Males usually find female breasts attractive.

There are widespread fascinations with women's breasts, especially the size.

Sexual stimulation

Sexual stimulation is bodily contact that leads to and enhances sexual arousal. It sometimes leads to orgasm. Achieving orgasm typically requires sexual stimulation.

The term "sexual stimulation" refers to stimulation of the genitals. Major stimulation of the penis for males and the clitoris for females often results in having an orgasm.

Some people perform sexual stimulation using sex toys.

Musi River (India)

Musi River (also called Musinuru or Muchukunda or Moosa) is a river in the Deccan Plateau flowing through Telangana state in India. The Musi River flows into the Krishna River. Hyderabad stands on the edge of Musi River, which divides the historic old city and the new city.

Bev Bergeron

Bevely Joseph "Bev" Bergeron (December 29, 1930 - December 3, 2020) was a American actor and magician. He wrote magic shows for stage and television. Bergeron played his clown character, Rebo, on CBS-TV and later ABC-TV series "Magic Land of Allakazam". He was head-writer for the series for its 5 year run. Later, he got with Mark Wilson and Nani on three other projects. These included the 1970 TV special "Pillsbury's Magic Circus."

In 1964 and 1965 he played McDonalds spokesperson, Ronald McDonald in "McDonaldland". He played the character in ads for the company from 1966 to 1968. In 1971, Bev Bergeron began performing as Pecos Bill at Walt Disney World's Diamond Horseshoe Revue. He did this until 1986.

Bev joined a traveling tent show when he was 17 years old. He wrote a book about his adventures. It was called "Willard the Wizard". The Smithsonian chose the book for their tribute to American Tent Theatre in 1983. Bergeron has writen several other booka.
His written material has been seen with Red Skelton, Lucille Ball, Merv Griffin, Jackie Gleason and Roy Rogers. It has been used on "The Greatest Show on Earth" (TV); Disney theme parks, SeaWorld of Florida, Six Flags of St. Louis and many other places.
Bergeron was voted into the Society of American Magician's "Hall of Fame. He was made President of the International Brotherhood of Magicians in 1996 Other award include honoree of the Magic Collector's Conclave; Disney Hall of Fame; The Jimmy Durante Comedy Award and Life Time Achievement Award presented by the Magic Castle of Hollywood.

Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam

Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam were an American pop, freestyle and urban contemporary band. The group was one of the first to come from New York City in the 1980s. The members of the group were vocalist Lisa Lisa (real name was Lisa Velez), bassist/guitarist Alex "Spanador" Moseley and keyboardist/drummer Mike Hughes.

Their song "I Wonder if I Take You Home" was a freestyle chart topper on the United States' "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play in June 1985 for one week. Onn the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs, the song hit #6. The single went gold in the United States under the RIAA.

The song was followed by another club hit, "Can You Feel the Beat", hit #6 on the United States' "Billboard" Dance chart in late 1985. The group's third single, "All Cried Out", also went gold. It hit #3 on the R&B charts. It hit #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart during summer 1986. "All Cried Out" was covered by the by R&B girl group Allure in the late 1990s. 

Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam's second studio album, "Spanish Fly", was a strong success in 1987. It had two hit singles, "Head to Toe" and "Lost in Emotion". The earlier hit #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, Dance Club and Black singles charts. The latter hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Black singles charts.

The group's last two albums, "Straight to the Sky" (1989) and "Straight Outta Hell's Kitchen" (August 1991), didn't do as good as their earlier albums. However, the 1991 song, "Let the Beat Hit 'Em", hit #1 on the R&B and Dance Club charts.

The group split up in 1991.

Olympia LePoint

Olympia Ann LePoint is an American author, a speaker and also a rocket scientist who specializes in helping audiences unleash their brain’s power. She is CEO of OL Consulting Corporation & Publishing.

LePoint was born and raised in Los Angeles, California and she was belong to a single mother in a poverty-stricken area. After a field trip to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California at the age of six, LePoint decided to become a rocket scientist. Despite her poverty career but she maintain to be one of the best rocket scientist. LePoint was the graduate of California State University, Northridge. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and Master of Science degree in Applied Mathematics from California State University Northridge. Her exposure arose her to published a book, "Mathaphobia: How You Can Overcome Your Math Fears and Become a Rocket Scientist" in 2013.

LePoint started her career at Boeing where she helped launch NASA’s "Endeavour, Discovery, Columbia," and "Atlantis" space shuttles. She is a specialist where supportes the Mission Control Center, she was also responsible for recommending real-time remedies to ensure safe rocket launches and authorized multimillion-dollar rocket engine testing and was the youngest person to present information to NASA on that scale. She helped designed and build experimental space rockets, and to launch 28 NASA Space Shuttles from 1998-2007.

LePount is a public speaker. She has spoken in numerous aspect of discipline. She spoke her personal story launching rockets, her books, and her discoveries on the TV show "Impact Theory" which was broadcast worldwide. LePoint is a TED speaker, she hosted a TED-like talk at California State University Northridge "Your Brain Master Class."

LePoint speaked as science entertainer at the SAS Global Technology Forum in Dallas, Texas. She spoke to over 6,000 international technology experts gathered from the Artificial intelligence and Data Science technology industries. She revealed and shared her experiences in building innovation and igniting renewed-thinking as a female leader in technology, diversity, and the solution-finding processes.

LePoint is an awarding winner, her accolades include

LePoint is a published author. In 2013, she wrote the book. "Mathaphobia: How You Can Overcome Your Math Fears and Become a Rocket Scientist", a self-help, educational book designed to help adults and students to overcome their math fears in both high and tertiary institution. In 2017, she wrote her second book "Answers Unleashed: The Science of Unleashing Your Brain’s Power," where she coins the term "brainbrink", which destroys intuition and mental awareness by disconnecting the Triabrain’s striatum from the prefrontal cortex communication. In 2021, she wrote her third book, "Answers Unleashed II: The Science of Attracting What You Want", where she explained and defines a new decision-making science theory called "Quantum Deciding."

Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II

The Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II was an event in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth in 2022 for the 70th anniversary of Elizabeth II becoming the monarch of these places (ceremonial in the Commonwealth now) on 6 February 1952. Platinum Jubilee was her last jubilee as monarch because she died on 8 September 2022 at Balmoral Castle. If she is still the British monarch at the right time, she will be the first one to have a platinum jubilee. In the United Kingdom, another bank holiday was made and the normal May bank holiday weekend was moved to the start of June to make a special four-day weekend. The British government says there will be a "once-in-a-generation show" that have had the best art and technology in its displays and the best British ceremonial greatness.

Carly Ledbetter, writing for the "Huffington Post", says because the Platinum Jubilee was being planned, Elizabeth II did not plan to stop being the British monarch in favour of her son Charles III when she became 95 years old in 2021.

The Queen's traditional birthday parade, also known as Trooping the Colour, will happen on 2 June 2022 instead of the usual second Saturday of June. Ovens by lighting beacons will happen on 2 June in the United Kingdom, the crown dependencies and the oversea territories. Beacons will be lit in all capital cities of the Commonwealth countries for the first time.

The traditional service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign will happen at St Paul's Cathedral on 3 June.

The Queen will come with other members of the royal family on 4 June to the Derby at Epsom Downs. A concert named 'Platinum Party at the Palace' will happen at Buckingham Palace that evening. Some of the biggest artists and entertainment stars will perform there. The BBC will make and show the concert. As with the Diamond Jubilee, they will work with the European Broadcasting Union. Members of the public will be invited to apply to come to the event.

On the last day of the longer bank holiday, it is hoped people will have a 'Big Jubilee Lunch' and communities will celebrate their connections and know each other a little better there. Street arts, theatre, music, circus, carnival, buffets and costume celebrating the Queen's reign will happen in a pageant, where there will be more than 5,000 people from the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth, and Buckingham Palace in the background.

A Platinum Jubilee medal will be made for the Jubilee. People who work in public service, including people who represent the Armed Forces, the emergency services and the prison services, will get them.

It has been said the Severn Bridge should be named something else in honour of the Jubilee.

The 2022 Corby Pole Fair will happen on Friday, 3 June 2022 because of The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.

Historic Royal Palaces is planning for a Commonwealth-themed garden in the historic moat of the Tower of London.

A campaign, known as 'The Queen's Green Canopy', started in May 2021. It is hoped people in the United Kingdom will 'Plant a Tree for the Jubilee' to help the environment and make local areas greener, as a "special gift" for the Queen. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson said "As we celebrate Her Majesty's incredible 70 years of service, I encourage everyone to get behind this scheme, and go 'Plant a Tree for the Jubilee'."

When I Saw You (movie)

When I Saw You (, translit. Lamma Shoftak) is a 2012 Palestinian Jordanian Greek United Arab Emirates drama movie directed by Annamarie Jacir and starring Saleh Bakri, Mahmoud Asfa, Ruba Blal, Ahmad Srour.

Den Burg

Den Burg is a village in the municipality of (the island of) Texel. As of 2020, about 7,500 people were living here.

Den Burg is the main town of Texel.


Dunnock

The dunnock ("Prunella modularis") is a small passerine perching bird. 

The bird has a very wide distribution. It is found throughout temperate Europe and into Asian Russia. Dunnocks have been introduced into New Zealand. 

The bird is by far the most widespread member of the "accentors". These are a genus in the family Prunellidae. Other common names of the dunnock include hedge accentor, hedge sparrow, and hedge warbler.

Gold Digger (Kanye West song)

"Gold Digger" is a hip hop song from American rap singer Kanye West. It has guest vocals by singer and actor Jamie Foxx. It was the second single off West's second studio album "Late Registration" (2005). The song hit #1 on the United States' "Billboard" Hot 100 on September 6, 2005. It was West's and Foxx's second #1 single. The song has samples of Ray Charles' 1954 hit song "I Got a Woman".

At the 2006 Grammy Awards, "Gold Digger" was nominated for Record of the Year. It won the award for Best Rap Solo Performance. The song was #9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.

Salt of this Sea

Salt of this Sea () is a 2008 Palestinian French Belgian American Dutch Spanish Swiss drama movie directed by Annamarie Jacir and starring Suheir Hammad, Saleh Bakri.

99 Bottles of Beer

"99 Bottles of Beer" is a backwards counting song in both the United States and Canada.

The words to the song are:

Alternative lines:

If one of those bottles should happen to fall, (there'd be )98 bottles of beer on the wall...

Or:

If one of those bottles should accidentally fall, (there'd be )98 bottles of beer on the wall...

We repeat the line many times, with one less bottle each time. When there are no bottles left, a different line is used. Some lines that can be used for when there are no bottles are:

No more bottles of beer on the wall, no more bottles of beer.

Go to the store and buy some more 99 bottles of beer on the wall...

Or:

No more bottles of beer on the wall, no more bottles of beer.

We've taken them down and passed them around; now we're drunk and passed out!
Other alternate lines read:

If that one bottle should happen to fall, what a waste of alcohol!
Or:

No more bottles of beer on the wall, no more bottles of beer( on the wall).

There's nothing else to fall, because there's no more bottles of beer on the wall.
Sometimes, the song does not stop when there are 1 or no bottles of beer left. In this case, the song keeps going with -1, -2, -3, and so on bottles of beer.
American comedian Andy Kaufman had a comedy bit where he would sing all 100 verses. This was considered funny because the song is not usually completed due to its length.

Atticus, a band from Knoxville, Tennessee, recorded a version of the song in front of people. It took 13 and a half minutes. It was recorded at a Glasgow, Scotland bar called The Cathouse. It was included in the 2001 album "Figment". Rich Stewart, also known as Homebrew Stew, called it the number one drinking song out of 86 in an article for "Modern Drunkard Magazine".

Donald Byrd has dozens of versions of the song. These versions are inspired by math topics. The songs written by himself and others, and some of them have been published. Byrd says that the collection is fun and a good way to teach about infinity. Among his versions are:Infinite bottles of beer on the wall,

infinite bottles of beer;

If one of those bottles should happen to fall, 

infinite bottles of beer on the wall.Infinite bottles of beer on the wall, 

infinite bottles of beer; 

If finite bottles should happen to fall, 

infinite bottles of beer on the wall.These two verses can be repeated forever.


Five Little Speckled Frogs

"Five Little Speckled Frogs" is a nursery rhyme that came from the United States. Like Ten Green Bottles, this song is meant to teach children subtraction by singing about frogs jumping off a log into a pool, one by one.

One version of the song is:

Different versions of the song uses flies, clinkers, or bugs instead of grubs. Some use "green and" instead of "little", or change the last frog's reference to "he", "she", or "it".

There are hand motions people can follow during the song.


850s

The 850s was the decade that started on January 1, 850 and ended on December 31, 859.

853

853 was a common year.


Phil Lombardi

Phillip Arden Lombardi (February 20, 1963 – May 20, 2021) was an American baseball player. He was born in Abilene, Texas. He played three seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1986 to 1989. He played for the New York Yankees and New York Mets. His main position was catcher but he also played at left field.

Lombardi was married and had three daughters. After retiring from baseball, he worked as a real estate agent. He died of problems caused by brain cancer on May 20, 2021, in Stevenson Ranch, California. He was 58.

F1 Circular Quay to Manly Ferry

The F1 Circular Quay to Manly Ferry is one of the nine ferries that operate by TfNSW within metropolitan Sydney. This is the most used ferry, and a journey of seven nautical miles.

This is the only service used on Manly Wharf, and all TfNSW ferries depart to Circular Quay.

Additionally, local bus services depart from stands in front of the wharf to many Northern Beaches Suburbs as well as North Head, in nearby Sydney Harbour National Park.

This is the most used ferry service in Sydney, with 3.3 million people having used it within 2019-20.

Meiteism

The Meiteism or the Meeteism is a term used to describe the original animistic religious belief system of the Meitei ethnicity in particular. It refers to the pre-Hindu faith of the Meitei ethnic group. It incorporates various teachings from the Meitei scriptures. Meiteism is a large facet of the collective synthesis of believes known as Sanamahism.
Though Meiteism is treated as another name of Sanamahism, the later term has wider coverage of the traditional beliefs and practices of the hill tribesman communities also. The term was used during the Meitei revivalism movement to promote the ethnic religion of the Meitei people explicitly.
In every Meitei household, there is a sacred abode of God Sanamahi, called the Sanamahi Kachin.


Lakshmi Nandan Bora

Lakshmi Nandan Bora (15 June 1931 – 3 June 2021) was an Indian novelist and short story writer. He wrote in the Assamese language. He wrote over 60 books, including award winning novels, "Patal Bhairavi" and "Kayakalpa".

Bora was honoured with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest Indian civilian award in 2015. He was born in Assam, India.

Bora died on 3 June 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 in Guwahati, India at the age of 89.

Herman Stok

Herman Stok  (11 July 1927 – 2 June 2021) was a Dutch radio and television presenter. He worked at the VARA and Hilversum 3. He was most known for hosting the radio program "Tijd voor Teenagers" and television program "Top of Flop". 

Stok was born in Rotterdam and died in the same city, aged 93.

Ian Shearer

Ian John Shearer (10 December 1941 – 1 June 2021) was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the National Party. Shearer was born in Whakatāne, New Zealand. He was a member of the House of Representatives from 1975 until 1984. From 1981 until 1984, Shearer was the Minister for the Environment, Science and Technology and Broadcasting.

Shearer died on 1 June 2021 from problems caused by idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis at his home in Whakatāne, aged 79.

Hsing Yin Shean

Leonard Hsing Yin Shean (, 1952 – 1 June 2021) was a Malaysian politician. He was a member of the Dewan Rakyat for Tanjong Aru from 1986 until 1990. He was also a member of the Democratic Action Party (DAP). Hsing was born in Kota Kinabalu, North Borneo.

Hsing died on 1 June 2021 at a hospital in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia from COVID-19, aged 69.

Pema Chödrön

Pema Chödrön (born Deirdre Blomfield-Brown, July 14, 1936) is an American Tibetan Buddhist. She is a nun, former acharya of Shambhala Buddhism and disciple of Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche. 

Chödrön has written many books and audiobooks, and is a teacher at Gampo Abbey in Nova Scotia. She was born in New York City.

Siege of Fort Bismarck

Siege of Fort Bismarck (青島要塞爆撃命令, "Chintao yôsai bakugeki meirei") is a 1963 Japanese war drama film directed by Kengo Furusawa, with special effects work by legendary SFX director . The plot is about during , Japanese planes assault a lone German enemy outpost. 

The movie was shot in and (). Another film that was released this year is "Zoku shachô gaiyûki" (part of Shacho series), directed by .

The film was set in (1914-1918), which is rare for a Japanese movie. Based on the real . the story is about a group of young pilots of the led a task team to destroyed the Germans communication posts, ammunition depots, and air-aircraft defenses, making way the Allied forces to captured the port city. These men were part of Japan's first naval aviator corp. In overseas countries like and the , it was released under the title "Siege of Fort Bismarck."

In addition to the usual Japanese subtitles lined up in the corners of the screen, the lines of the German soldiers in the scenes are other works such as handwritten subtitles such as "The enemy is brave!" and "The bottom is brave!" The production is not seen in .

For the filming, in addition to the elaborate miniature of the and with a wingspan of 1 meter or more, a full-scale model for shooting the main story with a propeller rotating was produced. In both cases, the shooting was done in addition to the set, and on , it was filmed from a . The full-scale model of the Farman MF.11 was assembled by a craftsman specializing in gliders by borrowing the disassembled actual machine saved by the Japan Aeronautic Association and creating a restoration drawing. The was also photographed using a .

The scene on the ship was shot on the "" was preserved at . The Fortress Bismarck set was a huge open set in and was taken from a helicopter. However, at the time of production, the position of the gunpowder was not from the helicopter, and the timing of shooting was about 4 out of 10 shots. The train model that appears at the climatic moment was custom-made in a steel miniature and was shot with an unmanned camera that was also partially used in back in 1954. This miniature was exhibited at the 2012 event "Director Special Effects Museum Miniature Showa Heisei Techniques".

In 1914, began which was originated in the and extended to the . This is because Germany has occupied the of and made Qingdao a base for the invasion of . Japan (who was part of the ) is requested by Allied Powers (, and ) to joined in the war and seized the base in . However, a huge artillery batteries is placed at Fort Bismarck, and even the that the is proud of planning a operation, making it extremely difficult to capture the base. At that time, Admiral , suddenly set up a task team in the early days of the flying corps stationed at the "Oppama Navy Aeronautical Research Institute" (追浜海軍航空術研究所, "Oppama kaigun kōkū-jutsu kenkyūjo"). The unit also consists of two seaplanes, with Major Osugi as commander and a total of five pilots, including Shoji, who has never boarded an airplane before. These men would became the first task team to do such dangerous operation.

However, Osugi decides to sort for the survival of his unit. By late September, the seaplane carrier Wakamiya loaded up the biplanes on the deck, became the world's first aircraft carrier and headed for Qingdao. And finally, it's time for the first operation to destroyed the fortress. The Mo-type seaplane on which Osugi and Kunii were piloting was not in time for the bomb, and while bricks and five-inch nails, it started with the enthusiastic farewell of the crew. 

While fitting in the air pocket and connecting the broken wire of Kunii on the wings, they managed to drop bricks and five-inch nails onto the German trenches from above to scout the fortress. However, the enemy plane flies there and battled them. In contrast to the Taube, who is armed with a , the Mo-style plane has only a for self-defense, and Taube, who provokes in , is forced to disperse. After that, the squadron set up a base on near the bay to prevent the danger of entering the base. Osugi responds to the request of the islanders, such as Yang Hakurei, the girl dancer Maki saved her from the predicament at a . However, a bottled letter reveals that the islanders has a spy among them. 

And on the night of the festival, Hakurei's older brother, Zhao Hidetoshi, set fire to the and planned to sink the Wakamiya. While the fire armada junk approaches the seaplane carrier, Shoji jumps into the sea and is killed after being caught in a junk explosion while trying to change the bow of the boat, saving his team in the process. Hidetoshi was also shot dead by Ninomiya after calming he was a spy for the Germans. The headquarters demanded that Hakurei be punished by the island's troops, but Osugi and his fellow pilots refused to hand over her to the continent under Article 123 of the Fictitious Navy Criminal Code and they might get the information from her about the defense plan. Osugi devised a plan to drop a bomb hung on Unit 1 while Unit 2 on which the machine gunner was riding to distracted the Taube plane. 

He sort out the ideas and executes the operation, but the bomb fails without hitting a single hit. Moreover, Unit 2, piloting by Ninomiya and Maki, managed to kill the Taube's machine gunner, but crashed after being hit by the engine. Ninomiya and Maki manged to escape to a general store, but the two who had the prize money are pushed out by German soldiers by the shop owner and become .

Hakurei, who appears in front of the two in the dungeon, sentenced them to death. However, on the way to the execution site, Hakurei escapes with them. On the other hand, one month has passed since the start of the capture of Qingdao had planned out, and as the German Far East Unit approached to the bay, there were many opinions that the fleet should also start a total attack without relying on aircraft. Admiral Kato realizes that the plane was premature and decides to demote the Wakamiya to a carrier and make a total attack. Meanwhile, only Maki returned to the Wakamiya. Osugi devise a strategy to take off the remaining one plane without a bomb, replenish fuel and explosives after landing on the shore, and then bomb the ammunition depot at Bismarck Fortress. Osugi commands the task team and lands, deceiving the eyes of the German soldiers and heading for the supply depot. However, at that time, the Wakamiya was sunk by a .The seaplane floating on the sea took off for the ammunition depot bombing with the encouragement of the drifting Wakamiya crew. 




The film was released by Toho (with commentary by film critic Sadao Yamane) and was made into a DVD in 2007.
Joel Wachs

Joel Wachs (born March 1, 1939) is an American politician. He is the president of the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts in New York City. 

He was for thirty years a member of the Los Angeles City Council from 1971 until 2002. He was president of the city council from 1981 until 1983. He was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania.

Wachs ran for Mayor of Los Angeles in 1999. He is openly gay.

Wendy Greuel

Wendy Jane Greuel (born May 23, 1961) is an American Democratic politician. She was born in Los Angeles. She was a member of the Los Angeles City Council from 2002 until 2009. Greuel was also the Los Angeles City Controller from 2009 until 2013.

In 2013, Greuel ran for Mayor of Los Angeles but lost in the run-off to Eric Garcetti. In 2014, she ran for the United States House of Representatives, but lost the Democratic nomination to Ted Lieu.

Ted Lieu

Ted W. Lieu (; born March 29, 1969) is a Taiwanese-born American politician. He represents California's 33rd congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives since 2015. 

He is a member of the Democratic Party. Lieu is one of 18 members of Congress who are naturalized U.S. citizens. He represented the 28th district in the California State Senate from 2011 to 2014. From 2005 to 2010 he was a California State Assemblyman.

Debbie Dingell

Deborah Ann Dingell (; ; November 23, 1953) is an American Democratic politician. She has been the U.S. Representative for Michigan's 12th congressional district since 2015. She replaced her husband John Dingell.

Nury Martinez

Nury Martinez (born July 9, 1973) is an American Democratic politician. She has been a member of the Los Angeles City Council since 2013. In 2020, she became the council's president. She is the first Latina to become President of the council.

In October 2022, she resigned as city council president after making racist comments about African-Americans in Los Angeles.

Martinez was born in San Fernando Valley, California. She studied at California State University, Northridge.

Yoshio Yatsu

Yatsu was born in Tatebayashi, Japan. He died on June 3, 2021 in Tatebayashi from liver cancer, aged 86.


X-Press Pearl

X-Press Pearl was a Singaporean -class container ship. The ship was built in 2021 and was around long. It was operated by X-Press Feeders. 

On 20 May 2021, "X-Press Pearl" caught fire off the coast of Colombo, Sri Lanka. After burning for two weeks, the ship sank on 2 June as it was being towed away to deeper waters. The incident was the worst marine ecological disaster in Sri Lankan history as it spilled nitric acid and oil into the Indian Ocean.

Tajadas

Tajadas are a dish of fried plantains that are sliced long. It is a food of Caribbean countries as well as Nicaragua, Colombia, Honduras, Panama, and Venezuela.

The plantains used are usually ripe.

Tajadas is a very common dish that is usually served with meat, white rice, and beans.

Tajadas are served with gallo pinto or casados. It can also be eaten with natilla and queso blanco on top.

Tajadas is served in a traditional dish known as pabellon criollo.


Leader of the Opposition (Israel)

The Leader of the Opposition (, "Rosh HaOpozitzya") is the politician who heads the official Opposition bloc in the Knesset, the Israeli parliament. The leader of the Opposition is by convention the head of the political party not within the government according to the most votes received in the previous election.

After Amendment 8 to the "Knesset law" of 1994 was passed, the Leader of the Opposition became the person elected by the largest faction of the opposition.

Shelly Yachimovich

Shelly Rachel Yachimovich (, born 28 March 1960) is an Israeli politician, journalist, author and political commentator. She was the Leader of the Opposition three times. She was leader of the Israeli Labor Party between 2011 and 2013.


STAMSITE

Johan Marcus Nyman (born 23 June 1992 in Kungälv), also known as STAMSITE, is a Swedish YouTuber. He has a YouTube channel with over 300 000 subscribers and over 250 000 000 views.

Nyman is one of the biggest gaming YouTubers in Sweden and started his career in 2010 with his "Let's Play Minecraft" series. He is the founder of "90gQ", one of the oldest private Minecraft servers in Sweden.

Maduro

Maduro might refer to:



Meir Ya'ari

Meir Ya'ari (, 24 April 1897 – 21 February 1987) was an Israeli Mapam–Alignment politician, educator and social activist. He was a member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1974. He was born in Kańczuga, Austria-Hungary. Ya'ari was also the Opposition Leader from 1949–1951, 1952–1955 and 1967–1969.

Ya'ari died on 21 February 1987 in Israel at the age of 89.

Isaura Abelairas

María Isaura Abelairas Rodríguez (25 June 1951 – 3 June 2021) was a Spanish politician and teacher. She was member of the Socialist Party of Galicia. Abelairas was a member of the Parliament of Galicia from 2020 until her death in 2021. She was born in Taboada, Spain.

Abelairas died of cancer on 3 June 2021, three weeks before her 70th birthday.

Binyamin Ben-Eliezer

Binyamin "Fuad" Ben-Eliezer (, ; 12 February 1936 – 28 August 2016) was an Iraqi-born Israeli Labor–Alignment politician and general. He was a member of the Knesset between 1984 and 2014. From 1999 until 2001, Ben-Eliezer was Deputy Prime Minister. From 2002 until 2003, he was the Opposition Leader.

In 2014, Ben-Eliezer ran for President of Israel to replace Shimon Peres, however he withdrew after people accused him of corruption.

Ben-Eliezer died on 28 August 2016 at a hospital in Tel Aviv from kidney disease, aged 80.

Shaul Mofaz

Shaul Mofaz (; born 4 November 1948) is an Iranian-born Israeli former soldier and Kadima politician. He was born in Tehran, Iran. Mofaz was a member of Knesset from 2006 until 2015. From 2006 until 2009 and again in 2012, Mofaz was Deputy Prime Minister. From 2012 to 2013, Mofaz was also the Opposition Leader.

1491

1491 was a common year.


Journey (2012 video game)

Journey is an indie video game developed by Thatgamecompany. The game is published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation 3 in March 2012. "Journey" was the first video game to be nominated for a Grammy Award.

In Journey the player controls a figure in the mantle in a large desert, traveling towards a mountain.

Reviewers of the game said visual art and sounds of "Journey" and interaction with strangers that the player meets on the road were very good. "Journey" won several "game of the year" awards.


Gluconeogenesis

Gluconeogenesis (GNG) is a chemical process in living bodies. In gluconeogenesis, the body turns fats and proteins (glucogenic amino acids) into sugars called glucose. In most animals with spines, gluconeogenesis happens in the liver, but some animals have gluconeogenesis in the kidneys. gluconeogenesis usually happens when the organism has not eaten many starches or sugars or eaten nothing at all for a long time. Not eating and not eating starch can cause ketosis, which is when some cells cannot use ketones for fuel.

In humans, the main gluconeogenic compounds are lactate, glycerol (a part of the triglyceride molecule), alanine and glutamine. They are involved in over 90% of the overall process.

Lactate comes back to the liver where it is converted into pyruvate by the Cori cycle using the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase. Pyruvate, the first designated substrate of the gluconeogenic pathway, can then be used to make glucose.

Fat is mostly broken down, but if there is no fat to break down, or the body cannot access the fat stores, then proteins found in the muscle can break down, resulting in muscle loss.

Yorai Lahav-Hertzanu

Yorai Lahav-Hertzanu (, born 5 August 1988 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli politician. He was elected to the Knesset in 2019 where he currently serves as a member of the Yesh Atid political party. He is openly gay and campaigns for social justice, including LGBT rights.


University of Botswana

The University of Botswana, popularly known as UB, was created in 1982 as the first university in Botswana. The university has three campuses: one in the capital city Gaborone, one in Francistown, and another in Maun. 

The university is divided into six faculties: Business, Education, Engineering, Humanities, Science and Social Sciences and the University of Botswana School of Medicine.

Linah Mohohlo

Linah Kelebogile Mohohlo (13 February 1952 – 2 June 2021) was a Botswana banker, economist and academic. She was the Governor of the Bank of Botswana from 1999 to 2016, and was a member of the Commission for Africa. She was also the Chancellor of the University of Botswana from 2017 until her death and was the first woman to be chancellor of this university.

Mohohlo was born in Ramotswa, Botswana. She died on 2 June 2021 from COVID-19 in Gaborone, Botswana at the age of 69.


Hammered dulcimer

The hammered dulcimer (also called the hammer dulcimer, dulcimer, or tympanon) is a percussion-stringed instrument which consists of strings typically stretched over a trapezoidal resonant sound board. 

Imran Sherwani

Imran Ahmed Khan Sherwani (born 9 April 1962) is a British former international field hockey player. He was born in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England. Sherwani won gold with the Great Britain squad at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

In June 2021, Sherwani revealed that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Jeremy Paxman

Jeremy Dickson Paxman (born 11 May 1950) is an English broadcaster, journalist, author, and television presenter. He was born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire. He joined the BBC in 1972. He worked on "Tonight" and "Panorama" before becoming a newsreader for the "BBC Six O'Clock News" and later a presenter on "Breakfast Time".

In 1989, he became a presenter for the BBC Two programme "Newsnight". He was known for his tough and aggressive interviewing skills. In 2014, Paxman left "Newsnight" after 25 years as its presenter. He was the presenter of "University Challenge" from 1994 to 2023.

In May 2021, Paxman revealed that he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.

Low-carbohydrate diet

A Low-carbohydrate diet is a type of diet that focuses on lowering the amount of carbohydrates eaten. There are many variations of this diet which all focus on lowering carbohydrates and might have different advantages and disadvantages.

The National Lipid Association and Lifestyle Task force define low-carbohydrate diets as those containing less than 25% of calories from carbohydrates. They define very low carbohydrate diets as those containing less than 10% carbohydrates. A 2016 review of low-carbohydrate diets referred to diets with 50 grams of carbohydrate per day (less than 10% of total calories) as "very low" and diets with 40% of calories from carbohydrates as "mild" low-carbohydrate diets.

There is evidence that the quality is also important too, and that high-fiber slow-digesting foods are healthful while ultra-processed and sugary foods are less so. People choosing diet for health conditions should have the diet focused on their own needs.

Most vegetables are low- or moderate-carbohydrate foods. Some vegetables, such as potatoes, carrots, maize (corn) and rice are high in starch. Most low-carbohydrate diet plans encourage to eat vegetables such as broccoli, spinach, kale, lettuce, cucumbers, cauliflower, peppers and most green-leafy vegetables.

In 1797, John Rollo reported on the results of treating two diabetic Army officers with a low-carbohydrate diet and medications. A very low-carbohydrate, ketogenic diet was the standard treatment for diabetes throughout the nineteenth century.

In 1863, William Banting, a formerly obese English undertaker and coffin maker, published "Letter on Corpulence Addressed to the Public". He described a diet for weight control giving up bread, butter, milk, sugar, beer, and potatoes. His booklet was widely read, so much so that some people used the term "Banting" for the activity now called "dieting."

In the early 1900s Frederick Madison Allen made a highly restrictive short term diet which was described by Walter R. Steiner at the 1916 annual convention of the Connecticut State Medical Society as "The Starvation Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus". This diet was often administered in a hospital in order to better ensure following and safety.

COVID-19 pandemic in Iowa

The COVID-19 pandemic first hit the American Midwest state of Iowa in March 2020. The first known cases were three people who had traveled on a cruise in Egypt. They came home to Johnson County on March 3. Cases were first found at meat packing plants and care facilities. By late October, community spread was a concern in the state.

On March 9, 2020, Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds signed a Proclamation of Disaster Emergency.

On April 25, the first testing site was launched in Des Moines under the new initiative "TestIowa.com".

During a May 6, 2020 meeting with Reynolds, then-President Donald Trump answered to the increased coronavirus testing rate.

Iowa's largest industry is manufacturing. Most manufacturing relates to food. That means the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the meat packing industry is highly disruptive in Iowa.

Iowa State University, the University of Iowa and the University of Northern Iowa expected losses to go past $76 million, $89 million and $28 million, respectively.

As of June 1, 2021, COVID-19 was responsible for more than 6,000 deaths in Iowa.

Nova Peris

Nova Maree Peris (born 25 February 1971) is an Australian former sportswoman and politician. She won a gold medal with the Australian women's field hockey team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. She was the first Aboriginal Australian to win a gold medal. She also won two gold medals in track and field at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur. In 1997, she was named Young Australian of the Year.

Some time after her sporting career ended, Peris entered politics. She is a member of the Labor Party. She served as a Senator for the Northern Territory from 2013 to 2016. She was the first Indigenous Australian woman elected to federal parliament.

Peris was born in Darwin, Northern Territory. Her mother, Joan, was a member of the Stolen Generations. Joan was taken away from her mother and raised in a Catholic mission on Melville Island.

Peris and Sean Kneebone had a daughter, Jessica, born in 1990. She was married to Kneebone from 1995 to 2001. In 2002, she married sprinter Daniel Batman. The couple had two children, and split in 2010. Batman died in a car crash in June 2012. She married Scott Appleton in August 2012.


President of Mauritius

The president of Mauritius () is the head of state of the Republic of Mauritius.


Prithvirajsing Roopun

Prithvirajsing Roopun GCSK (born 24 May 1959), also known as Pradeep Singh Roopun, is a Mauritian politician. He has been the President of Mauritius since 2019.

Raouf Bundhun

Abdool Raouf Bundhun (born 14 January 1937) was Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007. He was elected by National Assembly of Mauritius on 25 February 2002 for a term of five years. 

Karl Offmann

Karl Auguste Offmann, GCSK (25 November 1940 – 12 March 2022) was a Mauritian politician. He became President of Mauritius on 25 February 2002. He was president until Paul Bérenger became his prime minister and nominated a new president on 1 October 2003.

Offmann died on 12 March 2022, aged 82.

Ameenah Gurib-Fakim

Dr. Bibi Ameenah Firdaus Gurib-Fakim (born 17 October 1959) is a Mauritian politician and biodiversity scientist. She was the 6th President of Mauritius from 2015 to 2018. 

Pravind Jugnauth

Pravind Kumar Jugnauth (born 25 December 1961) is a Mauritian politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Mauritius since 2017. Jugnauth has been the leader of the Militant Socialist Movement (MSM) party since April 2003. He has held a number of ministerial portfolios and also been Leader of the Opposition.

Prime Minister of Mauritius

The prime minister of Mauritius () is the head of government of Mauritius.


Seewoosagur Ramgoolam

Paul Bérenger

Paul Raymond Bérenger GCSK, MP (born 26 March 1945) is a Mauritian politician who was Prime Minister of Mauritius from 2003 to 2005. He was theLeader of the Opposition many times — from 1983 to 1987, 1997 to 2000, 2005 to 2006, 2007 to 2013, October 2013 to 15 September 2014, and again from December 2014 to December 2016. He was also Deputy Prime Minister from 1995 to 1997 and again from 2000 to 2003.

Navin Ramgoolam

Navinchandra Ramgoolam, GCSK, FRCP (born 14 July 1947) is a Mauritian politician who was Prime Minister of Mauritius from 2005 to 2014 and leader of the Labour Party. He was Leader of the Opposition from 1991 to 1995. He was Prime Minister for the first time from December 1995 until September 2000.

Kailash Purryag

Rajkeswur Purryag, GCSK (born 12 December 1947), also known as Kailash Purryag, GCSK, GOSK is a Mauritian politician. He was President of Mauritius from 2012 to May 2015.

Cassam Uteem

Cassam Uteem, GCSK (born 22 March 1941) is a Mauritian politician. He was President of Mauritius from 30 June 1992 to 15 February 2002 and is the longest serving President of Mauritius, having served for nine years.

Veerasamy Ringadoo

Sir Veerasamy Ringadoo, GCMG, GCSK, QC, (born வீரசாமி ரிங்காடு Vīracāmi Riṅkāṭu; 20 October 1920 – 9 September 2000) was a Mauritian politician. He was the Governor-General of Mauritius from 1986 until 1992. In 1992, he became the 1st President of Mauritius.

Paradise Now

Paradise Now () is a 2005 Palestinian Dutch French German Israeli drama movie directed by Hany Abu-Assad and starring Kais Nashef, Ali Suliman, Lubna Azabal, Hiam Abbass. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2006.


Dendropsophus counani

Dendropsophus counani is a frog that lives in Brazil, French Guiana, Suriname, and Guyana.

The adult male frog is 19.6 to 21.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 22.1 to 24.5 mm. The tops of the back legs are dark grey with some white.

Strive Masiyiwa

Strive Masiyiwa (born 29 January 1961) is a London-based Zimbabwean billionaire businessman and philanthropist.

Masiyiwa holds a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Wales.

Agnes Kalibata

Agnes Matilda Kalibata is a Rwandan agricultural scientist, policymaker, and president of the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA). She was the Rwanda's minister of agriculture and animal resources. 

Kalibata was born in Rwanda to a refugee in Uganda to parents who were smallholders. She holds a bachelor's degree in entomology from Makerere University and biochemistry, master's degree in agriculture, also from Makerere University in Uganda. She obtained her Ph.D. in entomology from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. 


Eris

Eris might refer to:


Humf

Humf is a USA-UK-Canada-India-Ireland animated series about a purple bear named Humf.

International Fertilizer Development Center

The International Fertilizer Development Center (known as IFDC) is a science-based public international organization working to alleviate global hunger by popularizing agricultural practices and fertilizer technologies to farmers and by connecting farmers to markets. It has it headquartered in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, USA. The organization has projects in nearly 25 countries. 

Urine-diverting dry toilet

Urine-diverting dry toilet (UDDT) is a toilet that does not use water. It has a device that moves the urine away. This toilet can give safe and cheap sanitation in many places on Earth. 

SLAPP Suits

"SLAPP Suits" is a part of the HBO show "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver." It is focused on strategic lawsuits against public participation, known as SLAPP suits–lawsuits made to scare people out of saying anything bad about someone else. It was first played on November 10, 2019, as part of the twenty-ninth episode of the series's sixth season. During the twenty six-minute video, comedian John Oliver talked about the result of a lawsuit against him from mining businessman Robert E. "Bob" Murray. He talked about the harmful effects of lawsuits like that. Oliver then ended the clip with a song entitled "Eat Shit, Bob!" in honor of winning his lawsuit.

On June 18, 2017, John Oliver played a video on his show, called "Coal". Itt was about the coal mining industry. Oliver began the piece by showing Donald Trump's fondness for the coal industry. He played videos of him when he was running for president in 2016 in a coal miner's hat and talking to a crowd that had miners in it. In the speech, he told the miners to prepare to work their "asses off" when he became President. Oliver then introduced Bob Murray, who is the head of Murray Energy.

Oliver explained that he and his team talked to Murray Energy about this segment before showing it. He said that he received a letter from Murray Energy telling him that he should cease and desist from–or stop–"any efforts to [...] injure Mr. Murray". Oliver also said that Murray has sued people before. Oliver ignored this letter. He called Murray a "geriatric Dr. Evil" who was "on the same side as black lung". Oliver also talked about other errors in the way Murray's miners were told to do their jobs. Oliver particularly talked about the Crandall Canyon Mine collapse that killed 9 people. Bob Murray argued that it was the fault of an earthquake. However, the federal government said that it was the fault of the dangerous way miners were told to do their jobs. The government told Murray Energy that they had to pay . This is the highest amount possible the federal government can make someone pay for doing a dangerous thing like this. Oliver then talked about Murray's program for coal miners to earn more money. The workers did not like the program. They said that it might encourage them to do dangerous things for more money. The company told the workers that they could return their money if they felt they were being encouraged to do risky things. Two miners gave back the money, writing the words "KISS MY ASS BOB" and "Eat Shit Bob" on their checks. Oliver also talked about Murray also sharing a story that he received the idea to start a coal mining business from a talking squirrel. Drawing on the two stories, Oliver ended the episode by introducing a squirrel mascot known as "Mr. Nutterbutter" (played by Noel MacNeal). Mr. Nutterbutter taunted Bob Murray by holding up an big check–a piece of paper making a promise to pay money–for "three acorns and eighteen cents". The money was addressed to "Eat Shit, Bob!"

On June 22, 2017, some companies owned by Bob Murray said that they had filed a lawsuit. The lawsuit was against John Oliver, HBO, and others close to Oliver. Bob Murray said that Oliver had defamed them–said untrue and bad things about Murray and his company. The plaintiffs said that they didn't like the way Oliver talked about the Crandall Canyon Mine collapse. They repeated what they had said before about the mine collapse–that it was because of an earthquake and that Oliver was lying. They also said that because so many people watch Oliver's show, that he was unfairly hurting Murray. Murray wanted money from Oliver, as well as a gag order–a court telling someone not to say something–stopping people from watching the segment.

Someone who talks for HBO said that HBO was happy with the show. They that they did not believe that "anything in the show this week violated Mr. Murray’s or Murray Energy’s rights".

On February 24, 2018, the case was thrown out. This was because the judge agreed with HBO's argument that Murray hadn't shown that anything was wrong with what Oliver did. Bob Murray asked another court to reconsider the case. Before they could, all the justices on that court were fired. The case was dropped soon after. Oliver later said that this was a relief to him. This was because he had made a joke on his show a few years before. He said that the head Justice on the court, Allen Loughry, referred to his penis as "The Gavel".

The ACLU–an activist group of lawyers–wrote a letter to the court for Oliver. People liked the letter because it was funny and sarcastic. This is not common in that type of letter. The paper had lines such as "You Can’t Sue People for Being Mean to You, Bob" and "A Brief History of Plaintiffs’ Attempts to Chill Speech by Abusing the Legal System." The letter said that Oliver's segment did not say anything that was bad for Murray. They said some of the statements were jokes, and the rest were true. The letter said that Murray was using the court as a way to force people not to say things. The argument was helped by a list of Murray's other lawsuits. The ACLU listed lawsuits thrown out by the courts against HuffPost, a newspaper in Chagrin Falls, Ohio, Bloomberg News, and other papers and activists.

Murray didn't like the way people were talking about the letter. Murray Energy wrote their own letter to the court. It said that the court shouldn't read the ACLU letter. They said this was because ACLU didn't make it clear that they made money because of Oliver's show. Murray didn't like the way the ACLU worded their letter. They wrote that the biased tone by itself should make the court throw away the other letter. 5 days after the 2016 United States presidential election, Oliver's show made a video called "President-Elect Trump". Oliver told to donate to activists they saw as left-leaning. These clauses included Planned Parenthood, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, The Trevor Project, the Center for Reproductive Rights, and the International Refugee Assistance Project. Murray Energy said that this encouragement caused an "immediate surge of millions of dollars in donations to the ACLU". Because of this, said Murray Energy, the court should throw away the ACLU's letter. "Reuters" argued that Murray Energy did not prove that what they said was true. They said this because Murray provided links to three articles to prove what they said. None of the articles backed up what Murray said. The articles did agree that the activists got more money. However, they said that it was because of the election, and not because of Oliver's show.

On November 10, 2019, John Oliver put out a video on his show, called "SLAPP Suits". Oliver began by recapping the legal fight so far. Oliver said that even though he won the lawsuit, his tripled his monthly fee and that his show paid to the show's lawyers. Oliver then argued that Bob Murray never intended to win the case. Instead, Oliver said that Murray wanted to scare HBO and him into silence. This led Oliver into the main point of the segment—SLAPP suits, which are lawsuits designed to scare people into not saying bad things about someone else, even if they are true. Oliver pointed out that Murray has filed at least nine lawsuits against news companies and journalists who have said bad things about him, including the "Huffington Post" and "The New York Times". Oliver argued that Murray has sued those who aren't lucky enough to have the support of a large company like HBO and their own insurance. He then suggested that because those people might be scared of Murray, they won't say anything bad about him. Oliver argued that this led to almost nobody in the press writing about two sexual harassment cases against Murray. One of these cases involved Murray asking a woman employee to get on her hands and knees and find a kidney stone that Murray had passed and lost.

Oliver said that the segment was checked over by HBO's lawyers (who he joked were "getting very tired of this"). However, he also said that the episode would likely lead to another lawsuit from Murray. Oliver said that he would stand behind his works if it were to happen. When Judge Jeffery D. Cramer threw out Oliver's case, he noted that people are allowed to use "loose, figurative language". Oliver brought this up as his reason to create a musical number to end the episode.

Oliver took the name of "Eat Shit, Bob" from the money the miner returned. He then acted in a five-minute musical number, initially set in his studio. There, he began singing slowly that "even though he'll threaten legal Armageddon, we have just one tiny thing to say..." Then, P;over put up his middle finger and exclaimed "Bob Murray can go fuck himself today!" He then introduced the "Suck My Balls, Bob" dancers. The dancers to Times Square as they recounted fake stories of Murray doing crazy and terrible things. They joked that he caused the 1994 Cobo Arena attack on Nancy Kerrigan, shot puppies into outer space, supplied drugs to Bill Cosby, murdered Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and started World War I, and was the Zodiac Killer. Oliver based parts of the song on his legal defense. He sang that "we made up these anecdotes, they're silly and insane". He also said in the beginning of the piece that "If we discuss Bob Murray in a way no reasonable person could construe as factual, we can say whatever the fuck we like!" Mr. Nutterbutter came back with a barbershop quartet in squirrel costumes. They joked that Bob Murray practiced bestiality with squirrels. Brian d'Arcy James also made an appearance as HBO's legal counsel. At first, he told everyone to stop singing and dancing. Then, James went into his own segment. There, he recounted Bob Murray forcing tourists at the New York City M&M's Store to watch as he "crammed them (M&M's) up his anal hole." The number was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.

An opinion from the "Charleston Gazette-Mail" said that there was "a lesson in John Oliver roasting Bob Murray". The lesson was that we should think about why states like West Virginia have relaxed anti-SLAPP laws.

The musical number was well-liked. "The A.V. Club" said that the episode was a demonstration in "why rich assholes really shouldn’t sue John Oliver". They also said that the musical number was "glorious" and "over-the-top". "Slate" said that just because Oliver gave an "impassioned speech standing up for all the small outlets and independent activists bullied into silence by SLAPP lawsuits," that does not mean John Oliver "has matured even a little bit".

"The Mary Sue" commented that Bob Murray's SLAPP suits create a "culture of fear in which Murray ends up able to succeed in his goal of stifling any criticism of him and his industrial operations". However, they also say that Murray "may have picked too big a fish" in John Oliver, adding that "Of course, this is John Oliver we’re talking about and 'culture of fear' is basically his Bat-Signal."

Abdulrasheed Bawa

Abdulrasheed Bawa (born 30 April 1980), is the Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in Nigeria. He was the Deputy Chief Superintendent of the anti-graft agency. 

Mansur Dan Ali

Mansur Muhammad Dan Ali (born August 25, 1959) is a retired Nigerian Army and former Minister of Defence of federal republic of Nigeria.

Dan-Ali was born on August 25, 1959 in Zamfara State. He received his Higher National Diploma (HND) in Photogrammetric and Surveying from Kaduna Polytechnic and possesses a master's degrees in Public Policy and Administration (MPPA) from Bayero University Kano, and a master's degree in Security Studies from the Bangladesh University of Professionals.

Dan Ali was commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in the Nigerian Army through the Short Service Commission at the Nigerian Defence Academy. Dan-Ali has served in numerous command, sections and staff capacities, such as commanding the Nigerian contingent supporting the United Nations Africa Hybrid Mission in Sudan, Directing Staff of the Armed Forces Command and Staff College, Jaji, Chief Instructor (CI) at the Nigerian Defence Academy, and the Director Military Training before getting posted to the Ministry of Defence's Logistics Department as deputy director.

Aliyu Mohammed Gusau

Aliyu Mohammed Gusau (born May 18 1943) is a Nigerian general, statesman and the current minister of defense of federal republic of Nigeria.

Salihu Ibrahim

Salihu Ibrahim FSS, FHWC (June 25, 1935 – December 10, 2018) was a Nigerian army general who was Chief of Army Staff during the military regime of Ibrahim Babangida.

Garba Duba

Garba Duba (born 1942) is a retired Nigerian Army Lieutenant General. He was Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo. 

The Tattooist

The Tattooist is a 2007 New Zealand Dutch Singaporean horror movie directed by Peter Burger and starring Jason Behr, Michael Hurst, Timothy Balme, David Fane, Nathaniel Lees, Caroline Cheong, Matthew Ridge, Robbie Magasiva.


Theeb

Theeb ( "dhīb" , "wolf") is a 2014 Jordanian British United Arab Emirates Qatari adventure drama thriller movie directed by Naji Abu Nowar and starring Jack Fox, Hussein Salameh Al-Sweihiyeen, Hassan Mutlag Al-Maraiyeh, Jacir Eid Al-Hwietat. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2016.

Hessmer, Louisiana

Hessmer is a village in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Moreauville, Louisiana

Moreauville is a village in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Plaucheville, Louisiana

Plaucheville is a village in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Captain Abu Raed

Captain Abu Raed () is a 2007 Jordanian drama movie directed by Amin Matalqa and starring Nadim Sawalha, Rana Sultan, Hussein Al-Sous, Udey Al-Qiddissi.


The Seventh Continent (1966 movie)

The Seventh Continent () is a 1966 Croatian Czech fantasy movie directed by Dušan Vukotić and starring Demeter Bitenc, Vanja Drach, Oudy Rachmat Endang, Mikloš Huba, Karla Chadimová, Viktor Starčić, Iris Vrus.

Aircalin

Aircalin is New Caledonia's largest airline, having a network of flights all over Oceania. It began in September 1983 as "Air Calédonie International", an international airline to complement New Caledonia's domestic airline, Air Calédonie.

Aircalin has flights all over Oceania, however, no flights to mainland France. Below are the following destinations that they serve.










Jamyang Tsering Namgyal

Jamyang Tsering Namgyal (born 4 August 1985) is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament from Ladakh, India's largest parliamentary seat geographically. Namgyal was elected, on 9 November 2018, to be the youngest and 8th Chief Executive Councillor (CEC) of Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council, Leh. He belongs to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

Nationwide

Nationwide Building Society is a British mutual financial institution, the seventh largest cooperative financial institution and the largest building society in the world with over 15 million members. Its headquarters are in Swindon, England.

Nationwide is the result of over a hundred mergers, the most notable of which are its merger with Anglia Building Society in 1987 and Portman Building Society in 2007. It is now the second largest provider of household savings and mortgages in the UK and has a 7.7% market share of current accounts.

For the financial year 2015/2016, Nationwide had assets of around £208.9 billion compared to £331 billion for the entire building society sector, making it larger than the remaining 44 British building societies combined.

It is a member of the Building Societies Association, the Council of Mortgage Lenders and Co-operatives UK.

Lockton

Lockton Companies Inc. is the world's biggest privately held insurance brokerage company, providing insurance, risk management, employee benefits and retirement services. In addition to its Kansas City, Missouri headquarters, Lockton operates more than 100+ locations in 125 countries. Lockton currently has more than 8,300 employees worldwide.

The company was created by Jack Lockton in 1966 and has since become the world’s 8th largest insurance brokerage firm. Lockton serves a wide array of industries with services that include risk management, casualty, surety, professional indemnity and more. For more than 50 years, Lockton posted organic growth, with global revenues reaching more than $1.72 billion in fiscal 2019.

DZ Bank

DZ Bank AG is the second largest bank in Germany by asset size and the central institution for around 800 cooperative banks and their around 8,500 branch offices. Within the Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken Cooperative financial network, which is one of Germany's largest private sector financial service organizations, DZ Bank functions both as a central institution and as a corporate and investment bank. 
DZ Bank is an acronym for Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank (literally "German Central Cooperative Bank"). 
As a holding, the DZ Bank Group defines itself primarily as a service provider for local cooperative banks and their 30 million or so clients. The DZ Bank Group includes: DVB Bank, a transportation finance bank; Bausparkasse Schwäbisch Hall, a building society; DZ HYP, a provider of commercial real estate finance; DZ Privatbank Gruppe; R+V Versicherung, an insurance company; TeamBank, a provider of consumer finance; Union Investment Group, an asset management company; VR Leasing; and various other specialized institutions. 

DZ Bank, headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany, is a member of CIBP, EACB, the Euro Banking Association, and Unico. It maintains branches, subsidiaries and representative offices in key financial centers and economic regions worldwide. The DZ Bank building in Berlin, located at Pariser Platz 3, was designed by architect Frank Gehry. 

DZ Bank also has one of the most significant collections of contemporary artistic photography which today comprises over 6,000 works by more than 550 artists.

In 2016 DZ Bank was merged with WGZ Bank, the central institute of the cooperative banks of both the Rheinland (Rhineland) and Westfalen (Westphalia).

Dekabank

DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale is the central provider of asset management and capital market solutions of the German Savings Bank Finance Group. Registered in Frankfurt am Main and Berlin, its headquarters is based in Frankfurt.

DekaBank was formed in 1999 after the merger of Deutsche Girozentrale Deutsche Kommunalbank and DekaBank GmbH. Together with its subsidiaries it forms the Deka Group, making it one of the largest securities services providers in Germany.

Green Man

The Green Man is a legendary creature and a symbol. The green man represents rebirth, new growth. The Green Man is usually shown in a sculpture surrounded by leaves. 

According to Mike Harding, first Green Man figures were found in Lebanon and Iraq; they had been made in the 2nd century. 

The Green Man became popular in Great Britain in the 19th century. The architects used this image to decorate Gothic cathedrals. He was also very popular among Australian stonemasons and can be found on many holy buildings. Victorian architecture also use the green man in their constructions. 

Churches, chapels, abbeys and cathedrals have wood or stone green man sculptures. 

A fictional Green Man is a character in the 1993 video game, "Conquests of the Longbow".

Synonyms (movie)

Synonyms () is a 2019 Israeli French German drama movie directed by Navad Lapid and starring Tom Mercier, Quentin Dolmaire, Olivier Loustau, Léa Drucker.

Lynn Whitfield

Lynn Whitfield ("née" Smith; born February 15, 1953) is an American actress. She began acting in television and theatre. Whitfield later went to acting in supporting roles in movies. She received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Lead Series or Movie. For her performance as Josephine Baker in the 1991 HBO biographical movie "The Josephine Baker Story". 

In the 1990s, Whitfield played the dangerous femme fatale (seductive woman) Brandi in the 1996 romantic sex comedy movie "A Thin Line Between Love and Hate". In the 1998 comedy-drama movie "Stepmom" she played Dr. Sweikert. She later played as Glenda Hill in the 2008 comedy-drama movie "The Women". The 2008 movie was a remake of the 1939 movie with the same name. 

Whitfield acted in a number of movies during the 2000s and 2010s. From 2016 to 2020, she played Lady Mae Greenleaf in the television drama show "Greenleaf". Whitfield was given high praise from critics for the role. She won two NAACP Image Awards, along with a Gracie Award.

Lynn Whitfield was born as Lynn Smith in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Balzapata tree frog

The Balzapata tree frog ("Dendropsophus aperomeus") is a frog that lives in Peru in the Andes mountains.

Big Bang nucleosynthesis

In physical cosmology, the Big Bang nucleosynthesis was an event that happened during the Big Bang. It made elements heavier than hydrogen when the Universe was young. Most cosmologists believe that it happened roughly 10 seconds to 20 minutes after the Big Bang. It is also calculated to have made most of the helium in the Universe and a very small amount of lithium. It also made two radioactive isotopes. They are tritium and beryllium-7.

Global Biodiversity Information Facility

The Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) is an organization that provides information about living things. It was started in 2001. Governments pay for the GBIF to work, and GBIF gives the information to whoever wants it. GBIF is the largest data platform for living things in the world, and it is the one that scientists use the most.

Kladno

Kladno ( ) is a city in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Kladno District. It has about 69,000 inhabitants.


Česká Třebová

Česká Třebová () is a town of the Ústí nad Orlicí District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 15,000 people living there.


Santa Maria delle Grazie, Milan

Santa Maria delle Grazie is a Roman Catholic church in Milan. It has been an UNESCO World heritage site since the 1980s. Today, the church is mostly known as the place where Leonardo da Vinci painted his mural The Last Supper. The church belongs to the Dominican Order and is part of a larger complex. 

Worland, Wyoming

Worland is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Washakie County.

Maison-Ponthieu

Maison-Ponthieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ghost Town (2008 movie)

Ghost Town is a 2008 American fantasy comedy movie directed by David Koepp and starring Ricky Gervais, Greg Kinnear, Téa Leoni, Aasif Mandvi, Billy Campbell, Kristen Wiig, Aaron Tveit. It was distributed by DreamWorks Pictures, Paramount Pictures and Spyglass Entertainment.


Poltava

Poltava () is a city in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Poltava Oblast. In 2020, 286,649 people lived there.

Sumy

Sumy () is a city in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Sumy Oblast. In 2020, 264,981 people lived there. Most of population has got Ukrainian origin. 

The city of Sumy was founded in the 1650s by the Cossacks within the region of Sloboda Ukraine. On the banks of Psel River, the city is also at the intersection of several other major transportation routes for the oblast and north-eastern Ukraine. Notable infrastructure includes Sumy Airport and railway junction for the Southern Railways at Sumy railway station.

Eighteam

Eighteam is a 2015 Spanish Zambian documentary movie directed by Juan Rodriguez-Briso and was based on the true story of the 1993 plane crash involving the Zambia national football team.

Rivne

Rivne (; ; ) is a city in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Rivne Oblast. In 2020, 246,003 people lived there.

Makiivka

Makiivka (; ) is a city in the Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. In 2022, 338,968 people lived there.

The place became a settlement around 1696. The city got city rights in 1917.

During the Russo-Ukrainian War the city town hall was taken over by pro-Russian separatists on 13 April 2014. Makiivka is still (as of 2023's first quarter) under the control of Donetsk People's Republic.
During the night of 31 December 2022/1 January 2023, many Russian soldiers died when they were staying in a school building; Ukrainian soldiers did blow up the building during a rocket attack. The HIMARS rocket system was used, media said. The number of dead soldiers is either less than one hundred, or "many hundred"; sources have different numbers. The Rocket attack on soldiers' quarters in Makiivka, is also called the Makiivka military quarters shelling (see shell (projectile)).

Jesse Marsch

Jesse Alan Marsch (born November 8, 1973) is an American football former player and football manager who was formerly the manager of Premier League club Leeds United.

Marsch started his career with College football with the Princeton University. 1996 he was drafted by D.C. United. 1998 he went on to Chicago Fire. 2005 he came to CD Chivas USA. 2010 he ended his career as player.

Marsch played two matches for the national team.

Marsch started his career as assistence coach of the US national football team. From 2011 till 2013 he was head coach of Montreal Impacts. From 2013 till 2015 he was assistance coach of the Princton Tigers the football team of the Princeton University. From 2015 till 2018 he was headcoach of the New York Red Bulls.

In the 2018/19 season he went to Europe and became assistance coach to Ralph Rangnick with RB Leipzig in the German Bundesliga. 2019 till 2021 he was headcoach of FC Red Bull Salzburg. In 2021 he became headcoach of RB Leipzig but was dismissed in December of the same year.

D.C. United

Chicago Fire

New York Red Bulls

Red Bull Salzburg

Individual

Rakhiv

Rakhiv (; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; "Rakhyv") is a city in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Rakhiv Raion (district). In 2020, 15,601 people lived there.

Stepmom (1998 movie)

Stepmom is a 1998 American comedy and drama movie. It has themes of terminal illness and friendships between couples.

Jackie and Luke Harrison are a divorced New York City couple. They try hard to co-parent their daughter Anna and son Ben. The couple helps the kids deal with the lifestyle change. Luke is a lawyer, He is living with his girlfriend for one year, Isabel Kelly. Isabel is a successful fashion photgrapher his junior by several years. Isabel has never wanted to be a mother. However, she tries hard to make Anna and Ben more around her. Anna rejects Isabel's overtures. Ben likes Isabel, though he makes things harder with his mischief. Isabel behaves with contempt. She is very cautious around Jackie. She believes Jackie compensates too much for the divorce when she spoils her children.

Jackie is a former publisher. She has become a stay-at-home mom. Jackie treats Isabel coldly. She (Jackie) sees Isabel as an immature, selfish and overly ambitious career woman. Jackie also has plans to hurt Luke. This is seen during fights on Isabel's ability to parent.

It becomes obvious Jackie was battling cancer for some time. The cancer is now set to kill her.

Isabel and Anna's relationship begins improving. They bond over shared hobbies, like painting and music.

On Christmas morning, the family get together to celebrate. Jackie is now bedridden. She shares emotional moments with her children. Jackie tells them she will remain with them as long as they remember her.


"Stepmom" got mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes sets the approval rating of the movie at 46%.

Despite the substandard critic reviews, the movie took in over $91 million in the United States. Across the world, it took in over $159 million. The movie was released on Christmas Day 1998.

Susan Sarandon was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for the Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama. The San Diego Film Critics Society gave her an award for the Best Actress for her role in "Stepmom". Ed Harris received an award for Best Supporting Actor from the National Board of Review for his role in that same movie.

30 Days of Night (movie)

30 Days of Night is a 2007 American New Zealand horror movie directed by David Slade and was based on the comic book series of the same name. It stars Josh Hartnett, Melissa George, Danny Huston, Ben Foster, Amber Sainsbury, Joel Toback, Nathaniel Lees, Grant Tilly, Manu Bennett, Elizabeth Hawthorne, Pua Magasiva.

Omar (movie)

Omar () is a 2013 Palestinian drama movie directed by Hany Abu-Assad and starring Adam Bakri, Eyad Hourani, Waleed Zuaiter, Leem Lubany, Anna Maria Hawa. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2014.

Cybernator

Cybernator also known in Japan as is a 2D mecha game developed by Masaya in 1992, for Super Famicom. The second entry of "Assault Suits" series, it is the prequel of "Target Earth" ("Assault Suits Leynos" in Japan). Also release in PlayStation 2, and releases Worldwide by Konami and Palcom. The story follows Jake Brain and his pilot, where fighting agains giant mecha.

Grand Cinema

Grand Cinema is a 1989 Iranian comedy movie directed by Hassan Hedayat and starring Ebrahim Abadi, Akbar Abdi, Ezzatolah Entezami, Hosein Amirfazil.

Return from Hell

Return from Hell () is a 1983 Romanian drama movie directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu and starring Constantin Brînzea, Maria Ploae, Remus Margineanu, Ana Ciontea, Ion Sasaran, Vasile Nitulescu. It was distributed by Româniafilm.

Stefan Luchian (movie)

Stefan Luchian () is a 1981 Romanian biographical drama movie directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu and starring Ion Caramitru, George Constantin, Maria Ploae, Ovidiu Schumacher, Monica Ghiuță, Victor Rebengiuc, Petre Gheorghiu, Adrian Rățoi. It was distributed by Româniafilm.

The Idol (2015 movie)

The Idol is a 2015 Palestinian British Qatari Dutch Egyptian United Arab Emirates drama movie directed by Hany Abu-Assad and starring Tawfeek Barhom, Nadine Labaki, Ashraf Barhom, Saber Shreim.

Name and Title Authority File of Catalonia

The Name and Title Authority File of Catalonia (CANTIC) is an authority union catalogue within the Union Catalogue of Universities of Catalonia (CCUC), that it is led by the library of Catalonia known locally as Biblioteca de Catalunya. The goals are to bring order to the bibliographic catalogues, to improve communication among catalogues and finally, to make getting information research brought to them faster. CANTIC treats those who control name and title authorities related with Catalan culture in a higher regards. These authorities receive a complete authority work and are provided, eventually, access to the Catalonia Encyclopedia or known locally as Enciclopèdia Catalana.

CANTIC has the aim to be the catalogue of authority records created cooperatively by Catalan libraries. These records have to be generated from the authority control of name, name-title and title access points of Catalan bibliographic records. This guarantees the standardization and uniqueness of access points of catalogues, which makes it easier the exchange and a more efficient communication of bibliographic records and, in the end, enables users to carry out assisted, precise and exhaustive searches. 
CANTIC is a national service that allows to standardize and give consistency to the catalogues of the Catalan library system; it is the tool that facilitates the creation of the future Unique Catalogue of Catalonia (CUC), devised in the frame of the Agreement of the Catalan Government of 20 July 2004, for the improvement and modernization of Catalan Library System.

At a meeting held on 16 September 2002, the Advisory Commission of Cataloguing, the advisory body of the Biblioteca de Catalunya in terms of cataloguing, talked about the need of creating a list of authorities in Catalonia. It was decided to establish a subcommittee to study the technical feasibility of the project and to prepare the requirements and functionality of the list of name and title authorities, taking into account the real needs of the Catalan Library System. The Subcommittee met for the first time on 27 March 2003 and finished the job in October 2003. In the report prepared by them are presented:
The Name and Title Authority File of Catalonia was created following the Catalan Library System Act, Llei 4/1993 “La Biblioteca de Catalunya supervisa, valida i unifica en un sol llistat el catàleg d’autoritats"

The participants are the Biblioteca de Catalunya, the Casa Àsia, the Centre de Lectura (Reus), the Consorci de Bibliothèques de les Universitats de Catalunya, the Il•lustre Col•legi d'Advocats de Barcelona, the Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona, the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya, the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, the Universitat de Barcelona, the Universitat de Girona, the Universitat de Lleida, the Universitat de Vic, the Universitat Jaume I, the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya, the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, the Universitat Pompeu Fabra and the Universitat Rovira i Virgili.

The authority records of CANTIC are created following the international cataloguing principles and the specifications of the Biblioteca de Catalunya, which were approved by the CCUC. Records are encoded with MARC 21. There is also a CANTIC guide with the procedure for elaborating the authority records by the entities involved. The Bibliographic Standardization Service is responsible for providing training and support to all participants while ensuring the quality of authority records. The constant introduction of new authority records turns CANTIC into a living organism in a permanent process of transformation and change. Updating the content of the database is done monthly and is available on the website of the Biblioteca de Catalunya.


Honeyland

Honeyland () is a 2019 Macedonian documentary movie directed by Tamara Kotevska and Ljubomir Stefanov about bees. It was nominated for two Academy Awards in 2020.


Vacoas-Phoenix

Vacoas-Phoenix or "Villes Jumelles" (meaning 'twin cities') is a city on the island of Mauritius. As of 2019, about 115,000 people were living here, making it the second largest city in the country.

Vacoas-Phoenix lies in the middle of the western part of the island, in the Plaines Wilhems and (partially) in the Moka districts.

Vacoas-Phoenix has been a municipality since 1968. Vacoas and Phoenix were separate settlements until 1963. 


Kelč

Kelč () is a town of the Vsetín District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.


Heřmanice (Havlíčkův Brod District)

Heřmanice is a village of the Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. In 2006, 69 people live in Heřmanice. It covers an area of .

Habry

Habry () is a town of the Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.


Karviná

Karviná (; ) is a city in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Karviná District.

The city is on the Olza River and has about 51,000 inhabitants.

Karviná is twinned with:


Wodzisław Śląski

Wodzisław Śląski is a town in Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. It is the capital of Wodzisław County. In 2019, 47,992 people lived there.

It was previously in Katowice Voivodeship from 1975 until 1998.

Rodrigues

Rodrigues (French: "Île Rodrigues"; Creole: "Rodrig") is an island in the Indian Ocean. It belongs to the Mascarene Islands and is part of the Republic of Mauritius.

Its size is 108 km². About 42,000 people were living on this island in 2014. Main town is Port Mathurin.


Topaz Energy

Topaz Energy was a fuel supplier in Ireland, until it was rebranded in 2018.

Topaz Energy came to be in 2008 after the rebrand of all Statoil gas stations in Ireland.

In 2008, an advertisement that showed a car driving on an island, shaped in the Topaz logo, and also the car looking like the Topaz logo, was made. In 2013, Denis O'Brien took over Topaz. Topaz Energy was sold to Couche-Tard in 2015.

In April to July 2018, all Topaz stations became Circle K, some stations, such as the Dundrum outlet, would rebrand at a later stage.

Topaz launched a brand new loyalty game in February 2013 called Play or Park. The customer can register via the Topaz app, the website or in-store with a game tag. The customer can earn points by filling up at Topaz, and they may win a chance of a lifetime. If not, they win items in-store. Play or Park did not change, even with the rebrand of Topaz to Circle K in 2018.

Friederike Mayröcker

Friederike Mayröcker (20 December 1924 – 4 June 2021) was an Austrian poet. She was born in Vienna. She was known as one of Austria's most well known poets.

Mayröcker died on 4 June 2021 aged 96, in Vienna.



Atal Bihari Panda

Atal Bihari Panda ( – 5 June 2021) was an Indian actor, playwright and songwriter. Panda was born in Binika, India. His career lasted from 1943 until 2020. He was known for his roles as Gauntia Budha in "Sala Budha" and as Kandha Budha in "Aadim Vichar". 

Panda died on 5 June 2021 in Bhubaneswar, India at the age of 92.

Karla Burns

Karla Burns (December 24, 1954 – June 3, 2021) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano and actress. She performed at opera houses, theaters, and on television. Her career included performances with the Metropolitan Opera, Paris Opera, the Teatro Real, Cairo Opera House, and the Royal Shakespeare Company. 

She was the first African-American to win the Laurence Olivier Award. Burns also won a Drama Desk Award in 1991. She was born in Wichita, Kansas.

Burns died on June 3, 2021 at a Wichita hospital from a short-illness, aged 66.

Fernando Lima Bello

Fernando Lima Bello (27 November 1931 – 3 June 2021) was a Portuguese sailor. He was the country's only member of the International Olympic Committee, which he was elected to in 1989. He was Portuguese national champion in Star, Dragon and Sharpie 12 m2. Lima Bello was born in Lisbon. He took part of the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.

Lima Bello died on 3 June 2021 in Lisbon, aged 89.

Edward F. Crawford

Edward Francis Crawford (born April 25, 1938) is an American businessman. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Ireland from 2019 to 2021 during the Donald Trump administration. He was chairman and CEO of Park-Ohio Holdings.

New Vernon, New Jersey

New Vernon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place. within Harding Township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.

As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 825.

"Forbes" magazine ranked New Vernon, New Jersey as one of the 25 most "expensive" zip codes in the country.

Harding Township, New Jersey

Harding Township is a township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. It is located in the Raritan Valley region within the New York City Metropolitan Area. 

Green Village, New Jersey

Green Village is an unincorporated community located within parts of both Harding Township and Chatham Township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. 

In the "Forbes" magazine 2006 ranking of the "Most Expensive ZIP Codes in the United States", Green Village was ranked as the 282nd most expensive in the country. The average home sale price in 2005 of $777,465.

Chatham Township, New Jersey

Chatham Township is a suburban township located in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 10,983.

The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It

The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It (also known as The Conjuring 3) is a 2021 American horror movie directed by Michael Chaves. It is a sequel to "The Conjuring" (2013) and "The Conjuring 2" (2016). It is also the eighth movie in the Conjuring Universe. Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga return to their roles as paranormal hunters and authors Ed and Lorraine Warren.

It was supposed to be released in September 2020, but was delayed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. "The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It" was released by Warner Bros. Pictures and New Line Cinema in the United States on June 4, 2021 and through HBO Max at the same time. 

The movie had mixed reviews from critics with a 61% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Rambo: Last Blood

Rambo: Last Blood is a 2019 American Hong Kong French Bulgarian Spanish Swedish action movie directed by Adrian Grunberg and starring Sylvester Stallone, Paz Vega, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Adriana Barraza, Yvette Monreal, Fenessa Pineda, Marco de la O. It is the fifth movie in the "Rambo" franchise.


Ingrid Bisu

Ingrid Bisu (born 15 September 1987) is a Romanian-German actress, producer, and screenwriter. She is known for her appearance in the dramedy "Toni Erdmann" (2016). She also starred as Sister Oana in "The Nun" (2018) and Jessica in "" (2021).

In 2019, she married filmmaker and actor James Wan.

Bonnie Aarons

Bonnie Aarons (born September 9, 1960) is an American actress and writer. She is best known for her roles as the bum in "Mulholland Drive" (2001), Baroness Joy von Troken in "The Princess Diaries" (2001) and its sequel, "" (2004), and the demon nun Valak in "The Conjuring 2" (2016) and its spinoff, "The Nun" (2018).

She was born in Los Angeles, California.

Burdur

Burdur is a city in southwestern Turkey. The city is in the Mediterranean Region. It is on the shore of Lake Burdur. In 2020, 267,092 people lived there.

Muş

Muş is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2020, 197,555 people lived there.

Culver Max Entertainment

Culver Max Entertainment Private Limited, or Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN or SPNI), is an Indian media company. It is owned by Sony Pictures.

Culver Max Entertainment has 26 television channels, the streaming media platform SonyLIV and the television studio Studio NEXT. It also has the movie studio Sony Pictures International Productions.

The company was founded in September 30 1995 as Multi Screen Media Limited. In November 2015, the name of the company was chaged to Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN).

Hardwick, Baldwin County, Georgia

Hardwick is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baldwin County, Georgia, United States. The population was 3,513 at the 2020 census.

Vadim Kapranov

Vadim Kapranov (26 February 1940 – 4 June 2021) was a Soviet-born Russian basketball player and coach. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal. Kapranov was born in Moscow. He played for the Soviet Union men's basketball team during the 1960s. He also played for CSKA and Dynamo Moscow.

His playing career lasted from 1958 until 1974. He coached many women's basketball teams until his retirement in 2004.

Kapranov died on 4 June 2021 in Moscow, aged 81.

Jacques Amalric

Jacques Amalric (6 October 1938 – 4 June 2021) was a French journalist. He was the editor-in-chief of "Le Monde" and was the managing editor of "Libération". His son is actor Mathieu Amalric. He was born in Montauban, France.

Amalric died on 4 June 2021 in Ajaccio, France at the age of 82.

The Mill of Good Luck

The Mill of Good Luck () is a 1955 Romanian drama movie directed by Victor Iliu and was based on the short story of the same name. It stars Constantin Codrescu, Ioana Bulcă, Colea Răutu, Valeria Gagialov and was remade as "Orizont" in 2015.

Maiba

A Maiba or an Amaiba (literally, "priest") is a male religious leader authorised to perform the sacred rites and rituals of Sanamahism (Meitei religion), especially as a mediatory agent between human beings and one or more deities. They have the authority or power to administer religious rites as well as sacrifices to gods. Their office or institution is called Maiba Loishang (Maiba Loisang), later renamed as Pandit Loisang, during Aryanisation of Meitei culture. They also served as healers, doctors, magicians, medicine men, physicians and shamans.
They play important roles in the ancestor worship (apokpa khurumjaba) ceremony.
Chief priest or chief among the maibas is called Maichou, a term formed with the amalgamation of two words ("maiba"- priest, "achouba"- big, chief, great).
Since their position is not hereditary, they acquire their positions through talent and skills. The female counterpart of a Maiba is a Maibi.

Colombian peso

The peso is divided into 100 centavos. However, because the value of Colombia’s currency is extremely low. Although 1 centavo and 5 centavo coins still exist, the lowest denomination of the Colombian peso that is commonly used is the 50 pesos coin.

The central bank of Colombia – Banco de la República – is the entity tasked with issuing Colombian currency and with monitoring and controlling the foreign exchange rate for the peso.



The peso was first produced in 1810, when it replaced the Spanish real. At that time, the peso was pegged to the real at an exchange rate of 8 reals to 1 peso. During the rest of the 19th century, Colombian currency included gold and silver coins in varying denominations, up to a 10 peso gold coin. Modern Colombian coins are minted, like those of other currencies, using primarily copper and nickel alloys.

In the early 20th century, the Colombian peso was pegged to the British pound sterling. Still, the government transferred the peg to the US dollar in 1931 at an exchange rate of 1.05 pesos to 1 US dollar, when Britain abandoned the gold standard. The peg to the US dollar remained until 1949, when continuing inflation in Colombia forced the central bank to abandon the US dollar peg.

Colombia ceased minting all centavos coins – those with a value of less than 1 peso – in 1984. In the most recently minted coin series in Colombia – the 2012 series – the lowest denomination coin minted and in circulation is the 50 pesos coin. Coins are also minted in denominations of 100, 200, 500, and 1,000 pesos.

Colombian banknotes are printed in denominations of 2,000, 5,000, 10,000, 20,000, 50,000, and 100,000 pesos. The 50,000 peso banknote is distinguished by the fact that, unlike most banknotes of any currency, its image is printed vertically instead of horizontally.

Despite its inflation problems, Colombia’s economy continues to thrive and grow remarkably, with the country’s GDP growth rate reaching as high as nearly 7% in recent years.

Over the past century, the Colombian economy’s undergone a dramatic transition, changing from an almost entire agrarian economy to an economy where the services sector accounts for more than half of the country’s GDP.

Key Colombian exports include oil, coal, cut flowers, bananas, textiles, and emeralds. The country’s mines produce 80%-90% of the world’s total supply of emeralds. Colombia conducts substantial import-export trade worldwide. Its principal trading partners include both China and the United States.

However, despite its overall strong economic performance, Colombia faces consistently high poverty and unemployment rates. Just over 25% of the country’s population lives below the poverty line, with unemployment rates fluctuating between 9% and 12% in recent years.

Rocky IV

Rocky IV is a 1985 American sports drama movie directed by Sylvester Stallone (who also stars) and starring Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Brigitte Nielsen, Dolph Lundgren, Tony Burton, Michael Pataki. It is the sequel to the 1982 movie "Rocky III" and is the fourth movie in the "Rocky" franchise. The movie was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and United Artists. It won 5 Razzie Awards and was nominated for 4 Razzie Awards in 1986. The movie started the Hollywood career of Dolph Lundgren, who played the Soviet boxer Ivan Drago.


Maibi

A Maibi or an Amaibi is a female priestess or a nun who uphold the sacred rites and rituals of Sanamahism (Meitei religion). Their lives and duties encompass a wide range of activities to the spiritual life of the Meitei ethnicity.
They play significant role in the Lai Haraoba festival to please the Umang Lais and the Lam Lais.
Maibism or Maibi culture is a dominant feature in Sanamahism. The male counterpart of a Maibi is a Maiba.

Rocky V

Rocky V is a 1990 American sports drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and starring Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Sage Stallone, Tony Burton, Tommy Morrison, Burgess Meredith, Richard Gant. It is the sequel to the 1985 movie "Rocky IV" and is the fifth movie in the "Rocky" franchise. The movie was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for 7 Razzie Awards in 1991.

Shortly after winning a boxing match against Ivan Drago, Rocky and his family return to the United States. When the family returns home, it is revealed that Paulie had signed a power of attorney over to Rocky's accountant, who sabotaged the family's entire fortune of real estate deals gone sour. In addition, the accountant did not pay Rocky's tax returns within the past known years, and the mortgage on the family's mansion is in debt worth $400,000. When Rocky sees a doctor, it is revealed that he has suffered some brain damage, which forces his to regret his decision to continue boxing and retire.

After selling the mansion and auctioning off some of the belongings, the family has paid off the mortgage debt and moves back to their former site in southern Philadelphia. One day, Rocky meets someone named Tommy Gunn, and agrees to train him. Rocky becomes so fixated on training Tommy that he ends up neglecting his family, especially for his son Robert, who is being harassed in school. Around the holidays, promoter George Washington Duke visits the Balboa residence, which foreshadows Tommy turning his back on Rocky. Rocky reconnects with his family, while Tommy wins the boxing championship against Union Cane. The media condemns Tommy for leaving Rocky, a concept of which Tommy brushes away. Duke recommends Tommy to have a street fight with Rocky, which proves to be the only way of facing a true contender.

Tommy engages Rocky in a street fight with nearby neighbors in support of Rocky. The duel ends in a stalemate, where the police arrest both Tommy and Duke for their actions. Later, Rocky and his son Robert discuss what might come of the future.


Nupa Maibi

A Nupa Maibi or a Nupa Amaibi (literally, "male priestess") is a male transgender priest in Sanamahism (Meitei religion). They are called "male priestess" as they hold the roles of the maibis in the religious rites and rituals, though they are biologically male. They are said to be possessed by the spirits of Lairembis (female deities). They have crucial roles to play in the sacred Lai Haraoba festival.


Yves Leterme

Yves Camille Désiré Leterme (born 6 October 1960) is a Belgian politician of the CD&V.

Leterme was born in Wervik. He was prime minister twice: in 2008 and from 2009 to 2011. He was also foreign affairs minister and prime minister of Flanders.


Giovanni Simeone

Giovanni Pablo Simeone Baldini (; born 5 July 1995) also known as Gio Simeone, or “El Cholito”, is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Napoli and the Argentina national team.

He is the son of Diego Simeone

River Plate

Napoli

Argentina U20

Individual

Young (Tulisa song)

"Young" is the debut solo single by English singer and songwriter Tulisa from her debut solo studio album, "The Female Boss". It was released as the album's lead single on 29 April 2012. "Young" peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart as well as number five in the Republic of Ireland.

Ali Tennant wrote the lyrics for "Young" with STL, a production duo comprising Pete Ibsen and Fazer. Tulisa heard both Fazer and Isben and wanted to record the song herself and said that "They didn't even get a chance to pitch it to the [other singer], they were preparing it, it wasn't even finished and I was like, 'I'm having that song, give it to me'." Tulisa wanted it to sound like a song that would be played in Ibiza and at summer festivals with young people jumping and singing along to its hook. It became Tulisa's first and only number one single.



Maison-Roland

Maison-Roland is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Maizicourt

Maizicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Malpart

Malpart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Marcelcave

Marcelcave is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Vincent-les-Forts

Saint-Vincent-les-Forts is a former commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Ubaye-Serre-Ponçon.

Meyronnes

Meyronnes is a former commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-d'Oronaye.

Fleurat

Fleurat is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Creuse department in central France.

Posthumous (movie)

Posthumous is a 2014 American German romantic comedy movie directed by first time director Lulu Wang and starring Brit Marling, Jack Huston, Lambert Wilson, Tom Schilling, Alexander Fehling, Nikolai Kinski.


The Fixx

The Fixx are a new wave and rock out of London, England. The major songs from the group include "One Thing Leads to Another" and "Saved by Zero". Both were released during 1983.

College partners Cy Curnin (for the vocals) and Adam Woods (drums) got together and formed the group in 1979. At first the group called themselves the Portraits. The pair were later joined by keyboardist Rupert Greenall, guitarist Tony McGrail and the bassist Russell Mckenzie. The last was replaced by Charlie Bennett. The Portraits issued two records under Ariola Records: "Little Women" (1979) and "Hazards in the Home" (1980). 

Later in 1980, McGrail left the band. At this point, the band adde guitarist Jamie West-Oram. The band then changed their name to The Fix. This version of the band recorded under 101 Records. They had their first single "Lost Planes" in February 1981. In those early days, West-Oram was simply billed as Jamie West.

The Fix's raised profile led to them being offered a contract by MCA Records. The record label, however, worried about the potential drug user implication of the group's name. MCA wanted a name change before signing them to the label. A deal was then reached. The band changed the spelling of its name to The Fixx.

The group's first studio album was "Shuttered Room" in 1982. This album had the initial hit songs "Stand or Fall" and "Red Skies". Both in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada.

The group's second album "Reach the Beach", was their most commercially successful album. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA. The singles "One Thing Leads to Another" and "Saved by Zero" were released off the album. Both these singles hit the U.S. Top 40. "One Thing Leads to Another" was the band's biggest hit (#1 in Canada, #4 in the United States).

The 1984 album "Phantoms" had the hits "Are We Ourselves?" and "Sunshine in the Shade".

In 1986, the group had their fourth album "Walkabout". This album had the single "Secret Separation". The songhit #1 on "Billboard" Magazine's Album Rock Chart.

In 1989 the Fixx had their only release for RCA Records, "Calm Animals". The album had another #1 hit on the Album Rock chart, "Driven Out".

The band released other albums between 1990 and 2012.


Marché-Allouarde

Marché-Allouarde is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Marestmontiers

Marestmontiers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mareuil-Caubert

Mareuil-Caubert is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Maricourt, Somme

Maricourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Causapscal

Causapscal is a city in the Canadian province of Quebec. It is part of the La Matapédia Regional County Municipality. In 2011, 2,458 people lived there.

Albertville, Quebec

Albertville is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec. It is part of the La Matapédia Regional County Municipality.

In the Canadian 2016 census, the municipality had a population of 226.

Dendropsophus kamagarini

Dendropsophus kamagarini is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru and Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 150 and 1696 meters above sea level.

Marieux

Marieux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Marlers

Marlers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Association Trio

Association Trio (, "asotsirebuli trio"; ; ) is a tripartite format for enhanced cooperation, coordination and dialogue between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine, the three EU Associate Partners, and the European Union on issues of common interest related to the European integration of states, including cooperation in the framework of Eastern Partnership for the sake of joining the European Union.

The participants of the format express a clear position of the aspiration of the three European states of the "Associated Trio" for membership in the European Union and reaffirm their commitment to further progress in implementing the Association Agreements with the EU, which, however, is not the ultimate goal of their relations with the EU. In this context, they recall that under Article 49 TEU, European countries, Georgia, the Republic of Moldova and Ukraine have a European perspective and can apply for membership of the European Union, provided that all the necessary criteria for EU membership are met.

Coordinating their actions, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine seek to expand the possibilities of association agreements, promote sectoral convergence with the EU (integration into the Digital Single Market, energy and customs union, ENTSO-E, and, of course, with the Schengen Area; transport cooperation, green course, justice and home affairs, strategic communications, health, security and defense) and gradual integration into the European Single Market.



Chow Hang Tung

Chow Hang Tung (Cantonese: 鄒幸彤; born 24 January 1985) is a Hong Kong lawyer and politician.

Chow studied physics at University of Cambridge.

Chow found out that human rights issues were her real interest, so she gave up doctoral studies and went back to Hong Kong.

She then studied law at the University of Hong Kong.

Black Butterflies

Black Butterflies is a 2011 Dutch South African biographical drama movie directed by Paula van der Oest and starring Carice van Houten, Rutger Hauer, Liam Cummingham, Nicholas Pauling.

Dead Man's Hand (2002 movie)

Dead Man's Hand () is a 2002 Luxembourgian Belgian French comedy-drama movie directed by Laurent Brandenburger and Philippe Boon. It stars Albert Dupontel, Marie Trintignant, Bouli Lanners.

Polyembryony

Poleyembryony is when one fertilized egg becomes more than one embryo. Animals and plants can both do polyembryony.

Most mammals can have twins or triplets, but this is not what usually happens. It happens more often in other living things, for example citrus trees, parasitoid wasps, certain flatworms and various aquatic invertebrates.

Elle (movie)

Elle () is a 2016 French German Belgian thriller movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and was based on the novel "Oh..." by Philippe Dijan. It stars Isabelle Huppert (in her Oscar nominated role), Laurent Lafitte, Anne Consigny, Christian Berkel, Virginie Efira, Charles Berling, Alice Isaaz, Judith Magre, Lucas Prisor, Vimala Pons, Jonas Bloquet.

Oily fish

Oily fish is the name for several species of fish which have a lot of fat (and oil) in their muscle tissue. Oily fish commonly have ten percent or more fat/oil in their tissue. Some species have over 30%. The other kind of fish is called whitefish: Whitefish only contain oil/fat in tissues around the liver. Common fish that are called "oily" include Atlantic herring, European sprat, salmon, Atlantic mackerel, tuna, eel, Greenland halibut and different species of catfish. 

Swan (1976 movie)

Swan (Bulgarian: ""Ле́бед"", translit.: ""Lébed"") is a 1976 Bulgarian drama movie directed by Rumen Surdzhiyski and Georgi Kaloyanchev, Yordan Spirov, Mario Marinov, Yavor Milushev.

Beast of the Yellow Night

Beast of the Yellow Night is a 1971 Filipino American horror movie directed by Eddie Romero and John Ashley, Mary Charlotte Wilcox, Leopoldo Salcedo, Eddie Garcia, Andreas Centenera, Joonee Gamboa, Vic Díaz.


Kenji Fujimori

Kenji Gerardo Fujimori Higuchi (born 19 May 1980), popularly known as Kenji, is a Peruvian businessman, Fujimorist politician and a former congressman representing Lima from 2011 until he was suspended from congressional duty in June 2018 in aftermath of the "Kenjivideos" scandal. He is the son of former President Alberto Fujimori and former First Lady and congresswoman Susana Higuchi. He has three siblings: Hiro Alberto, Sachi Marcela and Keiko Fujimori. In the 2011 elections, he ran for Congress in the constituency of Lima, under the Force 2011, a political party led by his sister Keiko, being the most voted congressman in 2011. In the 2016 elections, he was re-elected for a second term to Congress, once again representing the same constituency, under the Popular Force, as he received a high number of votes and being the most voted congressman in 2016. In June 2018, following to the ""Kenjivideos"" scandal, Congress suspended Kenji and two other congressmen of his party for allegations of crimes of influence peddling and bribery.

Kenji Fujimori was born on 19 May 1980 to Japanese Peruvian engineers, Alberto Fujimori, at the time dean of the science faculty of the National Agrarian University in Lima, and later President of Peru, and Susana Higuchi. He has three elder siblings. His father won the 1990 presidential elections, in 1992, he suspended the constitution and neutralized the Congress and the opposition. Kenji's mother soon disagreed with her husband, and they divorced in 1994. After this, Kenji's 19-year-old sister Keiko was named "First Lady of Peru". His father, Alberto Fujimori resigned in 2000 after a massive corruption scandal and went to exile in Japan. He was arrested in Chile in 2005, and was extradited to Peru to face trial and was sentenced to jail terms in 2007 and 2009.

From 1999 to 2004, Kenji Fujimori studied agronomics at Kansas State University, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree. Since 2008, he has been the general manager of a Lima private security and surveillance company. In March 2009, he founded his own enterprise, offering "independent services". Moreover, he holds executive positions in three other companies.

Melrose, Louisiana

Melrose is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is a suburb of Natchitoches

Landsberg

Landsberg may refer to:




Half of a Yellow Sun (movie)

Half of a Yellow Sun is a 2013 British Nigerian historical drama movie directed by first time director Biyi Bandele and was based on the 2006 novel of the same name by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. It stars Chiwetel Ejiofor, Thandiwe Newton, Onyeka Onwenu, Anika Noni Rose, Joseph Mawle, Genevieve Nnaji, OC Ukeje, John Boyega.


Lionheart (2018 movie)

Lionheart is a 2018 Nigerian drama movie directed by first time director Genevieve Nnaji (who also stars). It also stars Nkem Owoh, Pete Edochie, Onyeka Onwenu, and Kanayo O. Kanayo. It was distributed by Netflix.

The film was bought by Netflix on 7 September 2018. It is the first Netflix original movie produced in Nigeria.

Accused (2014 movie)

Accused () is a 2014 Dutch Swedish drama movie directed by Paula van der Oest and starring Ariane Schluter, Barry Atsma, Sallie Harmsen, Fedja van Huêt, Annet Malherbe.


Sony Interactive Entertainment

Sony Interactive Entertainment is a multinational video game and digital entertainment company owned by Sony. SIE primarily operates the PlayStation brand of video game consoles and products.

Manhunt (series)

Manhunt is an American video game series, developed by Rockstar London, and published by Rockstar Games.

Flipnic: Ultimate Pinball

Flipnic: Ultimate Pinball is a pinball video game, for PlayStation 2. Developed by SCEI, and published by Capcom.

Luz Salgado

Luz Filomena Salgado Rubianes de Paredes (born 3 July 1949) is a Peruvian Fujimorist politician and journalist who served as President of the Congress thrice, from 2016 to 2017 as a full-term and twice briefly in 2000 in an acting capacity.

Daniel Salaverry

Daniel Enrique Salaverry Villa (born 7 August 1972) is a Peruvian architect, businessman and politician. Between 2016 and 2019, he served in Congress representing the Department of La Libertad. Elected to Congress under the Fujimorist Popular Force party, he was the party's spokesperson for a year, and was President of the Congress from 2018 to 2019. He ran unsuccessfully as a candidate for the presidency of Peru for the We Are Peru party in the 2021 general elections.

Salaverry unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of the Province of Trujillo twice. The first time, he ran in 2010 with the Peruvian Aprista Party, and the second with the Popular Force.

The Prosecutor's Office attributes to him having used Congress’ resources, destined for his week of representation, for personal purposes.

Marquaix

Marquaix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Marquivillers

Marquivillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Martainneville

Martainneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Matigny

Matigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Maucourt, Somme

Maucourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Maurepas, Somme

Maurepas is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Le Mazis

Le Mazis is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bushehr

Bushehr () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Bushehr Province.

The city is known for the Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant and has about 171,000 people living there.

Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine

Khmelnytskyi () is a city in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Khmelnytskyi Oblast. In 2020, 273,713 people lived there.

Uzhhorod

Uzhhorod (Ukrainian and ; ; ; ; Czech and ; ) is a city in western Ukraine, at the border with Slovakia and near the border with Hungary. It is the administrative centre of Zakarpattia Oblast. In 2020, 115,512 people lived there.

The historical name of the city is Hungarian, Ungvár. The Ukrainian name Uzhhorod is a recent construct, and has been used only since the beginning of the 20th century.

Wild man

The wild man, wild man of the woods, or woodwose/wodewose is a legendary creature that painters and artists in medieval Europe would put in their artwork. He was always shown as man covered with hair. The image of the wild man were used for coats-of-arms, especially in Germany. Renaissance engravers in Germany and Italy added wild men, wild women and wild families to art (for example, Albrecht Dürer or Holbein the Younger).

H-Index

The H-Index is a metric used to measure the productivity of a writer. It is measured based on the number of citations that was received by the individual through his/her publications.

Méharicourt

Méharicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Meigneux, Somme

Meigneux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Le Meillard

Le Meillard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Miss You Much

"Miss You Much" is a 1989 dance-pop song from American singer Janet Jackson. It was recorded for the singer's fourth album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814".

"Miss You Much" was released as the lead single off "Rhythm Nation 1814" on August 22, 1989. It hit #1 on the United States' "Billboard" Hot 100. It spent four straight weeks at #1.

In 1990, "Miss You Much" received Grammy Award nominations for the Best Female R&B Vocal Performance and the Best Rhythm & Blues Song. The song won the Billboard Award for the Top 100 Single of the Year. It also won the American Music Awards for Favorite Dance Single and Favorite R&B Single.

Laura de Noves

Laura de Noves (1310-1348) was the wife of Count Hugues de Sade. Francesco Petrarca wrote a lot about a "Laura", which could be her. No was was able to identify Petrarca's Laura to be Laura de Noces. Laura had a great influence on Petrarch's life and lyrics. There is very littlei information on the historical Laura de Noves. Petrarca allegedly met her on April 6, 1327, in the Church of Sainte Claire in Avignon. He later wrote about her in his famous Il Canzoniere.

Méneslies

Méneslies is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hinduism in Estonia

0.027% of people living in Estonia belong to Hinduism. It is a minority religion there.

Hinduism and Buddhism were registered in the 1990s.

The 2000 census of Estonia showed there were 138 Hindus in Estonia, a very small amount of people living there.

The 2011 census says 295 people in Estonia belong to Hinduism, and 142 of them were Hindus, 121 Hare Krishnas and 32 Sahaja Yoga followers. About half of the Hindus live in Tallinn, Estonia's capital city.


Mochtar Kusumaatmadja

Mochtar Kusumaatmadja (April 17, 1929 – June 6, 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies. Kusumaatmadja was the Minister of Law and Human Rights from 1973 until 1978. From 1978 until 1988, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Kusumaatmadja died on June 6, 2021 in Jakarta, aged 92.

Ricardo Rodríguez (footballer)

Ricardo Iván Rodríguez Araya (born 25 August 1992) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a left-back for Torino and the Switzerland national team.

Galen Young

Leslie Galen Young (October 16, 1975 – June 5, 2021) was an American professional basketball player. He played two years of Division I college basketball for the Charlotte 49ers. 

He played professionally in the United States and abroad for 13 years, winning a CBA championship in 2007.

Young was killed while inside his mother's house in Memphis, Tennessee on June 5, 2021 after a car crashed into the house and killed him. He was 45 years old.

Nikka Costa

Domenica "Nikka" Costa (born , Tokyo, Japan) is an Australian-American singer-songwriter, whose music has elements of pop, soul, funk, blues, progressive rock, new wave, synth-pop and electropop. She began her singing career as a child singer in the early 1980s. She is also a movie actress and .

Costa's career as a recording artist with her own name began in 1981. That year, she recorded the song "Out Here on My Own". Her self-titled album was released outside the United States in the same year. Costa then toured the world. Her second album, "Fairy Tales", was released in 1983 shortly before his father's death. 

Between 1983 and 1990, Costa sang covers of The Angels' 1963 song "My Boyfriend's Back" and Disney's 1989 song "Part of Your World" (the latter, taken from "The Little Mermaid").

Costa moved away from childhood pop to mature soul, progressive rock and electropop in the 1990s. She signed to the Mushroom record label in Australia. In 1996, she released the studio album "Butterfly Rocket" in Australia. The album led to Costa being nominated for an ARIA Music Awards Breakthrough Artist in 1996 and the Best Female Artist in 1997.

In 2000, Costa's song "Like a Feather" was shown in a Tommy Hilfiger television advertising campaign. The exposure and the song's music video helped launch her United States music career. In 2001, her album "Everybody Got Their Something" was released. It hit #120 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200.

Costa later signed to Stax. She released her studio album "Pebble to a Pearl" on .

It's said that, in addition of music, her passions are swimming, running, artistic gymnastics, classical ballet, acting, pizza, ice creams, Disney cartoons, mermaid costumes (both the ones for the parties and the ones for to swim), and dolls.

She is married with Australian producer-songwriter Justin Stanley, with whom she has a daughter Sugar McQueen (2006), and a son, Suede (2013).



T. B. Joshua

Temitope Balogun Joshua (June 12, 1963 – June 5, 2021), also known as prophet T.B. Joshua, was a Nigerian charismatic pastor, televangelist, prophet and philanthropist. He was the leader and founder of The Synagogue, Church of All Nations (SCOAN). He also helped run the Emmanuel TV television station from Lagos. Joshua was born in Arigidi Akoko, Nigeria.

Joshua died on June 5, 2021 after a service on that same day.

Following his death in June 2021, his wife Evelyn Joshua took over as the new leader of The SCOAN.


Tom Fink

Thomas A. Fink (August 26, 1928 – June 4, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was born in Peoria, Illinois. He was Mayor of Anchorage from 1987 to 1994. In 1966, he was elected to the Alaska House of Representatives. In 1973, Fink was elected as the State House Speaker. He resigned in 1975. 

Fink was also a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board after being appointed by President George W. Bush. 

Fink died on June 4, 2021 at a hospital in Anchorage from heart failure, aged 92.

International recognition of Armenia

International recognition of Armenia, since Armenia was freed from Soviet control, and joined the UN (United Nations.) Only 1 nation in the 193 members has not recognized Armenia, Pakistan firmly states that Armenia should be a part of the Islamic country of Azerbaijan. Other then Pakistan, 192 UN states have agreed that Armenia is its own Republic.

Pakistan has played huge parts in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, which is a dispute between Azerbaijan, and Armenia over certain territories.

Even though Pakistan does not recognize Armenia, Armenia is not in threat to being invaded by Azerbaijan as it has support from other nations in the UN.

After Armenia was declared independent in 1991, it joined the UN a year later. Many countries agreed to accept Armenia as independent of any other country, which at first all countries agreed until 2015, when the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict was getting larger.

Pakistan declared it would support Azerbaijan in the conflict and declared "recognizing Armenia's independence is contingent on the latter leaving Karabakh." They soon withdrew recognition of Armenia completely stating Armenia rightfully belonged to Azerbaijan. This led to the de facto, Republic of Artsakh allying itself with Armenia, while Turkey and Pakistan aided the Azerbaijani's.

The only African country in the UN Armenia has relations to is Egypt, but every country in Africa recognizes Armenia, though not all recognize the Armenian genocide.

The only country in Oceania that has relations with Armenia is Australia, but all countries in Oceania recognize Armenia, though not all officially recognize the Armenian genocide.

Alajos Dornbach

Alajos Dornbach (21 January 1936 – 3 June 2021) was a Hungarian lawyer and politician. He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1990 to 2002. He was a member of the Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ). Dornbach was also Deputy Speaker between 1990 and 1994. Dornbach was born in Ózd, Hungary.

Dornbach died on 3 June 2021 in Budapest, aged 85.

Ózd

Ózd () is a town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary, from the county seat of Miskolc. Ózd is the second largest city in the county.

Lottie Dod

Lottie Dod was an English sportsperson at a time when few women played sports. She won the Wimbledon Ladies' Singles Championship five times, the first when she was only 15.

Dod competed in many other sports, including golf, field hockey, and archery. She also won the British Ladies Amateur Golf Championship, and played twice for the England women's national field hockey team, which she helped to found. 

She won a silver medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in archery. 

Dod won the British Ladies Amateur Golf Championship. The "Guinness Book of Records" called her the most versatile female athlete of all time, together with track and field athlete and fellow golf player Babe Zaharias.

James W. Pardew

James William Pardew Jr. (February 5, 1944 – June 2, 2021) was an American politician and military officer. He was the United States Ambassador to Bulgaria from 2002 until 2005 during the George W. Bush administration. His diplomatic career focused on relations with the Balkans.

Pardew was born in Memphis, Tennessee and was raised in Jonesboro, Arkansas. He studied at Arkansas State University and Loyola University Chicago. Pardew died on June 2, 2021 in Fairfax Station, Virginia at the age of 77.

Fairfax Station, Virginia

Fairfax Station is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. The population was 12,030 at the 2010 census.

International Booker Prize

The International Booker Prize (formerly known as the Man Booker International Prize) is an international hosted in the United Kingdom. It was sponsored by the Man Group, from 2005 until 2015 the award was given every two years to a living author of any nationality for a piece of writing published in English or available in English translation. 

Lydia Davis

Lydia Davis (born July 15, 1947) is an American short story writer, novelist, essayist, and translator. She is known for writing very short stories, usually 30 minute long stories. She has also translated many famous French writings into English such as "Swann’s Way" by Marcel Proust and "Madame Bovary" by Gustave Flaubert.

László Krasznahorkai

László Krasznahorkai (; born 5 January 1954) is a Hungarian novelist and screenwriter. He is known for his hard novels. They are usually postmodern, with dystopian themes. Several of his works, such as "Satantango" (, 1985) and "The Melancholy of Resistance" (, 1989), have been made into movies.

David Diop (novelist)

David Diop (born 1966) is a French novelist and academic. He was awarded the Prix Goncourt des Lycéens in 2018 and the International Booker Prize in 2021 for his novel "At Night All Blood Is Black".

At Night All Blood Is Black

At Night All Blood Is Black () is a novel by French author David Diop. It was first published in French on August 16, 2018, by Éditions du Seuil. It won the Prix Goncourt des Lycéens that same year.

The English translation by Anna Moschovakis won the 2021 International Booker Prize. It was published in the UK by Pushkin Press and in the US by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.

Clayton, Louisiana

Clayton is a small town in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bad Bunny

Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio (born March 10, 1994), known professionally as Bad Bunny, is a Puerto Rican rapper and singer. His music is known as Latin trap and reggaeton. 

Throughout his career, Bad Bunny has worked with J Balvin, Farruko, Residente, Arcángel, Jhay Cortez, and Daddy Yankee. 

Bad Bunny is also a well known LGBT rights activist who as supported the movement in Puerto Rico. During an interview, the singer stated that he has been singing since 2008.

Ferriday, Louisiana

Ferriday is a town in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ridgecrest, Louisiana

Ridgecrest is a town in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a suburb of Natchez.

E. Sreedharan

Elattuvalapil Sreedharan (born 12 June 1932) is an Indian engineer and politician. He is known for making public transportration better in India and for managing the Konkan Railway and the Delhi Metro. He was managing director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) between 1995 and 2012. He is known as the Metro Man. 

Yashwant Sinha

Yashwant Sinha (born 6 November 1937) is an Indian politician. He was the Minister of Finance from 1990 until 1991 and again from 1998 until 2002. He was also the Minister of External Affairs from 2002 until 2004. He was a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party before he quit the party in April 2018. From 1988 until 1994 and from 1998 until 2009, Sinha was a member of Parliament.

Sinha is the Trinamool Congress nominee for President of India in the 2022 election, but he lost the election against Draupadi Murmu.

Sinha was born in Patna, India. He studied at the University of Patna.

Sharad Pawar

Sharad Govindrao Pawar (born 12 December 1940), is an Indian politician. He was born in Baramati, India. Pawar is a member of the Nationalist Congress Party. Since 1991, Pawar was a member of the Indian Parliament. Pawar is a well known critic of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Pawar was the Minister of Defence from 1991 until 1993. From 2004 until 2014, he was the Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and of Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare.

From 1998 until 1999, Pawar was the Lok Sabha's Opposition Leader. He was Chief Minister of Maharashtra three times from 1978 to 1980, 1988 until 1991 and from 1993 until 1995.

Pawar was the Chairman of the Board of Control for Cricket in India BCCI from 2005 to 2008 and as the president of the International Cricket Council from 2010 to 2012. On 17 June 2015, he was re-elected as president of the Mumbai Cricket Association. In 2016, he resigned as the President of Mumbai Cricket Association.

Townsend, Delaware

Townsend is a town in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. The population was 2,717 at the 2020 census.

Méréaucourt

Méréaucourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Godzilla Raids Again

The movie was released in theatres in Japan on April 24, 1955. A re-edited, English dubbed version was released theatrically in the United States on June 2, 1959, by Warner Bros. Pictures. The version was named "Gigantis, the Fire Monster".

A mountain of ice whereas sighted by Shoichi piloting the plane and find Kobayashi then rest, attacked by Gigantis and Angurus brawls on top of the mountains, pushed down. the Japanese army alerting around by immobilized by fighter jets, tanks and rocket launcher trucks to destroy Gigantis. Gigantis attacks the city, smashed the lighthouse probably the army using flares to fire the monster. then resumed the fight by Gigantis fights Angurus in the middle of the night, the two monsters dragged by bridge then by flooding the subway, Gigantis slams the Osaka Castle and crashed the place, then bitten and killed Angurus's neck by Gigantis and drags down and burning him then the city on fire. Shoichi plans to bury Gigantis off from an ice, later by Japanese Navy and Army hunted down by using gasoline, jet fighters to blown the mountain and Gigantis burying alive, then Kobayashi hitting the mountain and explodes, then numerous jets to blown the ice caps, Gigantis lies down the ground and frozen, defeated by Shoichi.

 

Mérélessart

Mérélessart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Alicja Bachleda-Curuś

Alicja Bachleda-Curuś (pron. ; born 12 May 1983) is a Mexican-born Polish actress and singer. She is known for her roles in "Trade", "Ondine" and "Pan Tadeusz". Bachleda-Curuś was born in Tampico, Mexico.

Bachleda-Curuś has a son with Irish actor Colin Farrell. 


Méricourt-en-Vimeu

Méricourt-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The commune is about west of Amiens.

War for the Planet of the Apes

War for the Planet of the Apes is a 2017 American science fiction action movie directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback and Reeves. It is a sequel to "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" (2011) and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014). The movie stars Andy Serkis, Woody Harrelson, and Steve Zahn. A sequel, "Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes", is scheduled for release in May 2024.

Under Siege 2: Dark Territory

Under Siege 2: Dark Territory is a 1995 American action thriller movie directed by Geoff Murphy. It stars Steven Seagal as the ex-Navy SEAL, Casey Ryback. It is the sequel to the 1992 movie "Under Siege" also starring Seagal. 

The movie was produced by Seagal along with Arnon Milchan and Steve Perry. It also stars Eric Bogosian, Everett McGill, Morris Chestnut, Peter Greene, Kurtwood Smith and Katherine Heigl.

Woburn, Massachusetts

Woburn ( ) is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 40,876 at the 2020 census. Woburn is located north of Boston.

Solhan and Tadaryat massacres

On 4 and 5 June 2021, a massacres happened in the Solhan and Tadaryat villages in Yagha Province of Burkina Faso. The attacks left at least 160 people dead.

In the evening of 4 June 2021, 13 civilians and a soldier were killed in an attack in the village of Tadaryat. The attackers also raided the community's motorbikes and cattle.

Hours later in the early morning of 5 June 2021, insurgents attacked Solhan village in Yagha, killing at least 138 civilians, including seven children, and wounding 40 others.

2021 Peruvian general election

General elections were held in Peru with the first round on 11 April 2021 and a run-off on 6 June 2021. The presidential election determined the President and the Vice Presidents. On 11 June, 100% of the votes were processed and counted, with Castillo defeating Fujimori by a near 60,000 vote margin.

Eighteen candidates participated in the presidential election, the highest number of candidates since the 2006 Peruvian general election. Pedro Castillo, a member of the left-wing Free Peru party, received the most votes in the first round. He will face Keiko Fujimori, the leader of the right-wing Popular Force, who had narrowly lost the run-offs of the 2011 and the 2016 elections.

If Fujimori were to win, she would be Peru's first female president, the second of East Asian descent, after her father, Alberto Fujimori and the continuation of the Conservative wave election victories in South America.

Then-President Martín Vizcarra originally supported legislation that would set the terms for a snap election in 2020. If successful, Vizcarra would not have been eligible for re-election. The 2020 proposed Peruvian general election would have been held on 11 April 2020, to elect a new President of the Republic of Peru, along with 130 congressmen of the Congress of Peru. It was eventually decided to be held on 26 January 2020. Opposition lawmakers condemned Vizcarra's proposal, defending the practice of five year terms. This constitutional reform was rejected.

On 23 May, just two weeks before the election run-off, 18 people were killed by a militant communist group as protest against the election and Fujimori's candidacy.

The candidates below are listed based on their performance from the first and second round of the election:

Verónika Mendoza

Verónika Fanny Mendoza Frisch (born 9 December 1980) is a Peruvian-French psychologist, educator, and politician. She is the founder and current leader of the New Peru movement.

She announced her candidacy for President of Peru at the 2016 general election and came in third place, behind Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.

Mendoza ran again for the 2021 general election with Together for Peru. She came in sixth place in the election with 7.9% of the popular vote. 

Roy O. Disney

Roy Oliver Disney (; June 24, 1893 – December 20, 1971) was an American businessman. He was the co-founder of The Walt Disney Company. He was the older brother of Walt Disney and the father of Roy E. Disney.

San Miguel del Ene attack

The San Miguel del Ene attack was a massacre on 23 May 2021 in which 18 people were killed. The mass shooting happened in San Miguel del Ene, a rural area in the Vizcatán del Ene District of Satipo Province of Peru. It was allegedly done by the Militarized Communist Party of Peru (MPCP) ─ Sendero Luminoso. The attack was a response to the group's protest of the upcoming general election and conservative candidate Keiko Fujimori. On the attack, 16 people were killed. The attack's main objective was to attack the LGBT community.
Due to the 2021 Peru general elections, the candidates reacted of the following way:
The right-wing candidate Keiko Fujimori said the following text:

The left-wing candidate Pedro Castillo gave their condolences for the families of the killed people. His leader, Vladimir Cerrón, accused right-wing of being related with the attack.

Dendropsophus kubricki

The Dendropsophus kubricki is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it between 106 and 725 meters above sea level.

Rolf Hellem

Rolf Hellem (26 December 1923 – 6 June 2021) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. Hellem was born in Sør-Frøya, Norway. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland in 1965. Hellem left office in 1981.

Hellem died on 6 June 2021 in Ankenes, Norway at the age of 97.

Dascha Polanco

Dascha Yolaine Polanco (born December 3, 1982) is a Dominican-American actress. She is known for playing Dayanara "Daya" Diaz on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black".

Dania Ramirez

Dania Ramirez (born November 8, 1979) is a Dominican-American actress. She is known for playing Maya Herrera in "Heroes", Alex in "Entourage", and Blanca during the last season of "The Sopranos" on television. 

She played Rosie Falta on Lifetime's "Devious Maids" from June 2013 until its cancellation in 2016.

Kurdistan Region

The Kurdistan Region () is an autonomous republic in Iraq. 

The Kurdistan Region is part of Iraqi Kurdistan or South Kurdistan, itself part of Kurdistan. The government of the Kurdistan Region is the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). Its capital is Erbil, called "Hewlêr" in Kurdish.

The Kurdistan Region is to the west of Iranian Kurdistan (in Iran). To the Kurdistan Region's west is Syrian Kurdistan (in Syria), and to the north is Turkish Kurdistan (in Turkey).

The area is 80,000 km² and 5,500,000 people live there. Iraqi Kurdistan is a mountain region, where the highest point is 3.611 metres, known as Cheekha Dar. The biggest lake is Dukan.

Iraqi Kurdistan is divided into 6 provinces.


1.As Sulaymaniyah (Silemanî)

2.Arbil (Hewlêr)

3.Dahuk (Duhok)


4.Diyala (Diyale)

5.Kirkuk (Kerkûk)

6.Ninawa (Neynewa)

The population in Iraqi Kurdistan is about 5-6 million. Most of these people are Sunni Muslims. There are also many Yazidis, Kakeyís and Christians. Kurds make the ethnic majority in the region while the Turkmen, Aramean, Assyrians, Armenians and Arabs make up the rest of the western part of the area.

Naseeruddin Shah

Naseeruddin Shah (born 20 July 1950) is an Indian actor, educator, environmentalist and director. Many of his works are in Hindi. He was honored with the Padma Shri and the Padma Bhushan. Shah was born in Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh, India. His career began in 1972.

He has been in many Bollywood movies such as "Nishant, Aakrosh, Sparsh, Mirch Masala, Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyon Ata Hai, Trikal, Bhavni Bhavai, Junoon, Mandi, Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho!, Ardh Satya, Katha," and "Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro".


Prairieville, Louisiana

Prairieville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bayou L'Ourse, Louisiana

Bayou L'Ourse is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Belle Rose, Louisiana

Belle Rose is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lisa Banes

Lisa Banes (July 9, 1955 – June 14, 2021) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "Cocktail" (1988), "Freedom Writers" (2007), "Gone Girl" (2014), and as Hollis in "A Cure for Wellness" (2016). 

Banes was born in Chagrin Falls, Ohio. She studied at the Julliard School in New York City. Banes was openly a lesbian and married to Kathryn Kranhold.

On June 4, 2021, Banes was hit by a motorist on a scooter in a hit and run accident in New York City. She was hospitalized under critical condition for a brain injury. She died from her injuries ten days later, aged 65.

Gone Girl

Gone Girl may refer to:



Labadieville, Louisiana

Labadieville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

The double thank-you of capitalism

The double thank-you of capitalism is noticing that, when a seller and a customer give money to one another for goods, each thanks the other, showing that the transaction is not only optional, but good for everyone who was involved. This can be shown as different to the thought of a "fixed slice pie" that takes place in many other situations, with one side taking and the other giving, a thank-you would only pass only one way. The double thank-you is used in economic discussions to show an example of the first benefit of a free market, that where all actions are optional, any transactions must benefit both sides, and this helps everyone in the general community.

Méricourt-l'Abbé

Méricourt-l'Abbé is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mesnil-Domqueur

Mesnil-Domqueur is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mesnil-en-Arrouaise

Mesnil-en-Arrouaise is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mesnil-Martinsart

Mesnil-Martinsart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Jacques Tati

Jacques Tati (; born Jacques Tatischeff, ; 9 October 1907 – 5 November 1982) was a French mime, filmmaker and actor. During his career, he only directed nine movies. His career lasted from 1931 until his death. Some of his movies are thought to be the best French comedy movies of all time, with Tati being one of the best French directors. 

His directed works were "Gai dimanche" (1935), "School for Postmen" (1947), "Jour de fête" (1949), "Les Vacances de Monsieur Hulot" (1953), "Mon Oncle" (1958), "Playtime" (1967), "Trafic" (1971), "Parade" (1974) and "Forza Bastia" (1978).

His 1958 movie, "Mon Oncle", won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

Tati was born in Le Pecq, France. He was married to Micheline Winter from 1944 until his death in 1982. They had three children. Tati died on 5 November 1982 in Paris from a pulmonary embolism, almost one month after his 75th birthday.


Mesnil-Saint-Georges

Mesnil-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mesnil-Saint-Nicaise

Mesnil-Saint-Nicaise is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Maichou

A Maichou is a high priest in Sanamahism (Meitei religion). The term "maichou" is the product of the fusion of two Meitei language words, maiba meaning priest and achouba meaning chief or great. They are regarded as the philosophers, shamans and scholars.


Guggenheim Partners

Guggenheim Partners is a global investment and advisory financial services firm that engages in investment banking, asset management, capital markets services, and insurance services.

Métigny

Métigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mézerolles

Mézerolles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mézières-en-Santerre

Mézières-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Samantha Jade

Samantha Jade (born 18 April 1987 in Perth, Western Australia) is a singer-songwriter, actress and former child model. She has written tracks for artists, including JoJo and Ashley Tisdale. Jade later signed with the record label Sony Music Australia. In 2012 she released the single "What You've Done to Me". The single began at #1 on the ARIA Singles Chart.

Jade appeared on the fourth season of "The X Factor". She sang "Breakeven" from the Irish rock band The Script. At the first live performance on 17 September 2012, she sang Katy Perry's "Wide Awake". 

In 2018, Jade's third studio album, named as "Best of My Love" was released. The album was a cover of late 1970s songs, including "Dancing Queen" from ABBA, "I Will Survive" from Gloria Gaynor and "Hot Stuff" from Donna Summer. Later that same year, Jade released her fourth album of cover songs, "The Magic of Christmas". On the album were Holiday songs, like "I'll Be Home for Christmas", "Silver Bells" and "Blue Christmas".

In 2022, she was a contestant on "Celebrity Apprentice Australia".


The Floaters

The Floaters were an American R&B group. They formed in Detroit, Michigan in 1976. The group members were Paul Mitchell, Ralph Mitchell, Larry Cunningham and Charles Clark.

James Mitchell, the brother of Paul, took part in forming The Floaters. The group's only major hit song was "Float On" in 1977. The song hit #1 on the UK Singles Chart, in New Zealand and the United States' R&B chart. It was #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Two other songs that followed didn't do as well.

"Float On" was covered by other music groups. Those include Full Force and Stetsasonic. It was also sampled for other songs, including the MC ADE song "Romantic Rhyme" in 1987 and "Float On" from the Dream Warriors in 1996.

Larry Cunningham (born June 23, 1951) died on January 10, 2019 at age 67.

The group broke up in 1982.

Robert Smalls

Robert Smalls(April 5, 1839 – February 23, 1915) was a Temu Biggie Smalls, American politician, publisher, businessman, and Maritime pilot. Born into slavery in Beaufort, South Carolina. He freed himself, his friends, and their families during the American Civil War. He did this by commandeering a Confederate transport ship, CSS "Planter", in Charleston harbor, on May 13, 1862. He then sailed it from Confederate-controlled waters of the harbor to the U.S. blockade that surrounded it. He then piloted the ship to the Union-controlled enclave in Beaufort–Port Royal–Hilton Head area, where it became a Union warship. His example and persuasion helped convince President Abraham Lincoln to allow African-American soldiers into the Union Army.

Robert Smalls was born in 1839 to Lydia Polite, a slave owned by Henry McKee. She gave birth to him in a cabin behind McKee's house, at 511 Prince Street in Beaufort, South Carolina. He grew up in the city under the influence of the Lowcountry Gullah culture of his mother. His mother lived as a servant in the house, but she grew up in the fields. Robert was liked more than other slaves, so his mother worried that he might grow up not understanding the troubles of field slaves. She asked for him to be made to work in the fields and to see whipping.



Racially-motivated violence

Racially-motivated violence (or ethnic violence) is a form of violence which is caused by the dislike of people from one ethnic group towards people of another ethnic group. Xenophobia often also plays a role. If the question is about grouping many similar events, people also talk about ethnic conflict. It is important to make a difference between ethnic violence, which is violence "motivated" by an ethnic division, from violence that just happens to break out between groups of different ethnicity motivated by other factors (political or ideological).

Bisho massacre

The Bisho massacre occurred on 7 September 1992 in Bisho. Bisho was in the independent homeland of Ciskei. Ciskei is now part of the Eastern Cape in South Africa. During a protest march, members of the Ciskei Defence Force shot twenty-eight African National Congress supporters and one soldier when they attempted to enter Bisho (now renamed to Bhisho). The ANC supporter wanted that Ciskei was again made part of South Africa. The massacre happened during the final years of apartheid.

Bhisho (previously spelled "Bisho") was the capital of the Ciskei. Ciskei was a nominally independent homeland (bantustan) for the Xhosa people in South Africa. The government of Ciskei was formed in 1961 under the Bantu Authorities Act, 1951 after the South African government declared it a separate administrative territory. In 1972, the status was changed to self-governing territory. At the same time, there were stronger efforts to forcibly remove Xhosa-speakers to Ciskei. On 4 December 1982, Ciskei became an independent republic, recognised only by the South African government and other 'independent' homeland states in South Africa. The system of racially segregated homelands had been a core of apartheid, but between 1990 and 1994, negotiations were taking place between the government of South Africa and the African National Congress (ANC) to end the apartheid system.

The negotiations would likely lead to multi-racial democratic elections. For this reason, the ANC wanted to organise and mobilise its supporters in the Ciskei, because it lay in the Eastern Cape area. The Eastern Cape area had been a stronghold for ANC supporters. Its military leader Brigadier Oupa Gqozo resisted this and prevented the ANC from organising. In 1991, Gqozo formed the African Democratic Movement to counter the ANC in Ciskei. In December of the same year, he was part of the Convention for a Democratic South Africa (Codesa) negotiations. Codesa was a forum made up of government (National Party) and non-government interest groups to negotiate a new constitution and the transition to democracy in South Africa. In March 1992, Gqozo accused the ANC of planning to overthrow him and in August he stopped ANC marchers from entering Ciskei from King William's Town, a town in South Africa, which is close enough to Ciskei.

On 3 September, the ANC sent a memorandum to President F. W. de Klerk: it demanded that he replace Gqozo with a temporary administration which would permit free democratic activity in Ciskei. De Klerk refused, on the grounds that the Ciskei did not fall under South Africa's jurisdiction. At the time, negotiations had broken down, with the ANC withdrawing following the Boipatong massacre and accusing De Klerk's government of fostering the violence.

As a result, the ANC began a campaign of "mass action", organising a protest march to occupy Bisho and force Gqozo's resignation. Gqozo sought a court ruling to prevent the march, and the magistrate ruled that it could take place at the homeland's independence stadium, outside Bisho, but could not enter the capital. The ANC refused to recognise the jurisdiction of the Ciskei court.

On 7 September, about 80,000 protesters gathered outside Bisho, signalling the wide opposition to Gqozo's rule. The meeting was led by senior ANC leaders including South African Communist Party Secretary General Chris Hani, Cyril Ramaphosa, Steve Tshwete and Ronnie Kasrils.
A razor wire was erected on the border between South Africa and Ciskei to prevent the marchers from entering Bisho. When Kasrils led a group trying to break through the Ciskei Defence Force lines to enter Bisho, Ciskei Defence Force soldiers opened fire on the marchers with automatic weapons, killing 28 marchers and one soldier, and injuring over 200. More than 425 rounds were fired, the first fusillade lasting one and a half minutes, and the second lasting a minute.

Various inquiries agreed that the order to fire came from Colonel Vakele Archibald Mkosana, who incorrectly told his commanders by radio that his troops were under fire, and was given permission to return fire. Rifleman Mzamile Thomas Gonya was also found to have opened fire with a grenade launcher, killing one marcher.

The Goldstone Commission had the task of investigating the massacre, and Justice Richard Goldstone condemned Gqozo for preventing political activity in Ciskei as well as for the lethal brutality of the Ciskei Defence Force troops. It dismissed his claim that the demonstrators had fired first. A Ciskei soldier who died during the shooting had been shot by a fellow soldier, in error. It recommended strong action against Gqozo and those responsible. It also condemned Ronnie Kasrils for leading marchers breaking through the razor wire and provoking the forces into opening fire.

On 8 September 1992, a day after the massacre, the ANC released a statement demanding that Oupa Gqozo be removed as the leader of Ciskei, Section 43 of the Ciskei National Security Act which prevented political activity in Ciskei be revoked and South African Military Intelligence officials be removed from Ciskei.
In the end, the massacre led to new negotiations between the ANC and the government. Nelson Mandela met De Klerk on 26 September and signed a Record of Understanding. This Record created an independent body to oversee police operations. 

Gqozo remained in power in Ciskei but resigned shortly before the elections of 27 April 1994.

A granite monument was erected on the site of the massacre, outside Independence Stadium, off Maitland Road between Bhisho and King William's Town. It was unveiled by Archbishop Desmond Tutu in 1997. The victims were buried in Ginsberg township outside King William's Town.
Each year during the month of September, the Bisho Massacre Memorial Lecture is held to commemorate the massacre and different leaders from around South Africa take part in it.

Only two applications for amnesty for the massacre were received by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, from Colonel Mkosana, who gave the order to open fire, and Rifleman Gonya, who fired a grenade launcher. Gqozo agreed to testify before the TRC, but failed to appear after being admitted to a psychiatric hospital suffering from depression.

In 2000, both Mkosana and Gonya were denied amnesty on the grounds that their actions were reckless and disproportionate and not associated with a political motive.

Following their failure to receive amnesty, Mkosana and Gonya were charged with one count of murder and Mkosana with 28 counts of culpable homicide. They were found not guilty on all charges on the grounds of self-defence.

Speaking at a Truth and Reconciliation Commission hearing on the massacre,Col Silence Pita, revealed that Gqozo had received a message which said that the Mkhonto Wesizwe was planning coup and would take us where we didn't want to be " but the source of the information had not been made clear in the report. Pita said security arrangements for an African National Congress march on September 7, 1992 were left to the Ciskei Defence Force.

Former Ciskei foreign affairs minister Mickey Webb testified that South Africa's intelligence services caused a confrontation between Ciskei government and the ANC. He claimed that South African Military Intelligence and Ciskei's own intelligence agency fed the Ciskei government with misinformation "which could only have ended up in confrontation between the authorities and the ANC".

Heidelberg Tavern massacre

The Heidelberg Tavern massacre occurred in Observatory, Cape Town on 30 December 1993. Three people associated with the Azanian People's Liberation Army (APLA) entered the tavern and shot at the crowd. They killed four students and the owner of a restaurant which was close. The owner had gone outside to investigate, because he had heard gunshots. An unexploded bomb (with nails strapped to it) was found in the restaurant, close to the main entrance.

During the years of apartheid, Observatory was one of the few "de facto" "grey" suburbs where all races lived together. On the evening of 30 December 1993, three men entered a popular student venue on Station Road, called the Heidelberg Tavern and opened fire, killing four people and injuring five. The three APLA operatives - Humphrey Luyanda Gqomfa, Vuyisile Brian Madasi and Zola Prince Mabala - were convicted in November 1994 for what became known as the Heidelberg Massacre. On 16 July 1998, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission granted the three amnesty.

Scrotifera

Scrotifera is a group of living things in the class Mammalia. It is a proposed clade, meaning that not all scientists use it when they talk about how living things are related to each other.

The orders Carnivora (carnivores), Chiroptera (bats), Perissodactyla (hoofed animals with odd numbers of toes, for example horses and rhinos), Cetartiodactyla (hoofed animals with even numbers of toes), Philodota (pangolins), and Meridiungulata are all in Scrotifera.

Rambo (2008 movie)

Rambo is a 2008 American action movie directed by Sylvester Stallone (who also stars) and also starring Julie Benz, Paul Schulze, Matthew Marsden, Graham McTavish, Rey Gallegos, Ken Howard. It is the fourth movie in the "Rambo" series.


Tsutomu Yamazaki (politician)

Tsutomu Yamazaki (8 May 1947 – 2 June 2021) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the House of Councillors from 1995 until 2007 and again from 2010 until 2017. Yamazaki was born in Aomori, Japan.

Yamazaki died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Aomori on 2 June 2021, aged 74.

Remco Ekkers

Remco Ekkers (1 July 1941 – 4 June 2021) was a Dutch poet, critic and writer. Ekkers was a poetry critic for "De Gids" from 1986 to 1992. He also worked for "Leeuwarder Courant" for ten years. He was born in Bergen, Netherlands.

Ekkers died in Zuidhorn, Netherlands on 4 June 2021, less than a month before his 80th birthday.

Fausto Gaibor García

Fausto Feliciano Gaibor García (25 January 1952 – 4 June 2021) was an Ecuadorian Roman Catholic prelate. He was bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Tulcán between 2011 until his death in 2021. Gaibor García was born in Guaranda, Ecuador.

Gaibor García died in Tulcán, Ecuador on 4 June 2021, aged 69.

Revaz Gabriadze

Revaz "Rezo" Gabriadze (; 29 June 1936 – 6 June 2021) was a Georgian filmmaker, playwright, writer, painter, and sculptor. He was born in Kutaisi, Georgian SSR. He was known for writing the screenplays of "Passport", "Kin-dza-dza!", "Mimino" and "Don't Grieve".

Gavriadze died on 6 June 2021 in Tbilisi, Georgia just three weeks before his 85th birthday.

Princess Lilibet of Sussex

Princess Lilibet of Sussex (Lilibet Diana; born 4 June 2021) is the younger child and only daughter of Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and the younger sister of Prince Archie of Sussex. She is the eleventh great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is also the 5th grandchild of King Charles III and is seventh in the line of succession to the British throne.

Lilibet was born at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara, California, on 4 June 2021 at 11:40 PDT (19:26 UTC). She is named after her paternal great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II and paternal grandmother Diana, Princess of Wales.

Lilibet is seventh in the line of succession to the British throne. She became able to use the title "Princess" when her paternal grandfather, Charles III, became king.

As the daughter of a British Duke, Lilibet could have been styled as The Lady Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor, but her parents maintained Miss to accompany her civilian upbringing. 

5 July 2021-9 March 2023: Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor

9 March 2023-present: Her Royal Highness Princess Lilibet Diana of Sussex

Medicine in the American Civil War

Medicine in the American Civil War was not good by today's standards. Doctors did not know about germs, so many soldiers caught infections. They did have anesthesia, so they were able to stop soldiers' pain. Most doctors in the United States had two years of schooling. Harvard Medical School did not have even one microscope.

One problem was that, like in World War I, people had just invented new weapons, like the Minié ball. Guns with rifled barrels did not miss as often as the muskets from the Revolutionary War and other earlier wars did. That meant doctors did not already know how to treat the injuries that these weapons could cause in the human body. Another problem was that the camps and battlefields were very dirty. A soldier in the American Civil war was twice as likely to die of disease as of a battle injury.

560,000 soldiers died of diseases during the American Civil War. Malaria was a problem in the American Civil War. Doctors gave patients quinine for malaria. Soldiers also died of dysentery, diarrhea, and typhoid.

Most doctors did not know about germs in the mid-1800s. They did not always wash their hands or tools between patients. They also thought that pus, if thick and creamy, was "laudable pus" and meant the patient was getting better. Really, pus means the patient has an infection.

About 200,000 people had injuries in the American Civil War.

Anesthesia was invented in 1846. Doctors in the American Civil War did have chloroform, ether, and other anesthetics, and they used them. 90 percent of patients who had a limb cut off had anesthesia first, usually chloroform. The doctors dripped chloroform onto a cloth and then put it over the patient's face.

Doctors invented two ways to do amputations, the circular method and the fish-mouth method. There were so many amputations in the American Civil War that doctors became very good at amputating. The Minié ball and other new weapons could destroy large pieces of bone, so the doctors decided to amputation so the patient would not get gangrene.

First, injured soldiers were brought to field stations near the battle. There, medical people gave the soldiers whiskey if they had it and put bandages on them. Then, the patients were taken to hospitals. The "hospital" could be only a barn or other building where the doctors had decided to work. They were not always organized well. There, the medical people did triage: they looked at the patient to plan what to do next. They divided patients into three groups: patients who were sure to die soon, patients who needed surgery and other patients. From there, some soldiers were sent to better hospitals in the bigger cities. Patients could be taken from place to place in different ways. General George B. McClellan started an ambulance corps in 1862, and the Confederacy soon made their own. There were also hospital trains, or steamboats called "sanitary steamers."

In 1861, the United States government (Union side, the North) created the U.S. Sanitary Commission to learn how to stop soldiers from becoming sick during wartime. Frederick Law Olmstead led the commission. He told the army to have clean camps, good food, and hospitals with ventilation.

Many doctors learned much about the human body, disease and injuries during the American Civil War. Many of them wrote down what they saw and did. Between 1870 and 1888, these doctors published a book, "Medical and Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion".

In 1861, Dorothea Dix became head of the United States Nursing Corps. Professional nursing became more important in the United States.

Jovan I. Deretić

Jovan Ilić Deretić (; 18 January 1939 – 6 June 2021) was a Serbian publicist and writer. Deretić was known for his conspiracy theory writings. He would write about the alternative history of the Serbs that had a larger role in history than described by historians. Deretić was born in Orovac, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Deretić died on 6 June 2021 in Belgrade, aged 82.

Rafael López Aliaga

Rafael Bernardo López Aliaga Cazorla (born 11 February 1961) is a Peruvian businessman and politician. A conservative figure in Peruvian politics, he ran for President of Peru under Popular Renewal at the 2021 general election in which he placed third. Previously, he served as General Secretary and subsequently President of National Solidarity until the party was dissolved in October 2020 and succeeded by Popular Renewal, which he currently leads.

Jorge Del Castillo

Jorge Alfonso Alejandro Del Castillo Gálvez (born 2 July 1950) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. In his career, he has served in the now abolished Peruvian Chamber of Deputies between 1990 and 1992, in the unicameral Congress of the Republic for six non-consecutive terms, between 1995 and 2011 and again from 2016 to 2019, five of which are consecutive terms, and as Mayor of Lima and the District of Barranco during the 1980s.

An adept negotiator, he is also a prominent member of the Peruvian Aprista Party, serving in two occasions as the party's Secretary-General. As the right-hand man to the late former President Alan García, he served as his defense attorney during the first corruption and illicit enrichment allegations made in his first post-presidency, and finally as his first Prime Minister in his second presidency. After the "Petroaudios" scandal revealed Del Castillo's involvement, he tendered his resignation with the whole cabinet on October 10, 2008, to President Alan García, marking his political downfall.

Bart of Darkness

"Bart of Darkness" is the first episode of The Simpsons 6th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on September 4, 1994. In the episode, Bart Simpson breaks his leg and must stay in his house. He starts spying on his neighbor Ned Flanders' house and starts to think he is a murderer. The episode was written by Dan McGrath and Jim Reardon is the director of the episode. It took more time to make the episode than normal because an earthquake hit while it was being made.

In a heat wave, Homer buys a swimming pool for his children Bart and Lisa. Many children from their neighborhood come to their house to go in their pool. Bart tries to jump in the pool from his tree house. Nelson makes him miss the jump and Bart breaks his leg from falling. He must wear a cast over the summer. 

The other children do not want to talk to Bart while he is in a cast. He makes himself stay in his room. He gets a telescope and uses it to spy on his neighbors. He hears a scream and sees Ned Flanders burying something. Bart starts to think he has murdered his wife Maude. While this happens, the swimming pool makes Lisa very popular. However, Martin Prince gets a bigger pool and gets all of the children to go to his pool.

Bart sees Ned tell his children Rod and Todd that Maude is "with God" and they will be with her soon. Bart thinks he will murder Rod and Todd too. Bart makes Lisa go to Ned's house while he is not there. Ned comes back and Lisa gets in his attic. Bart goes in Ned's house and sees him walking to the attic with an axe. Bart thinks he will hurt Lisa with it and tells him to stop. Ned sees Bart and Lisa and puts away his axe. When Bart tells Ned that he thinks he murdered Maude, Ned faints.

The Simpson family and the police learn that Maude was actually at a camp for Christians. They also learn that Ned was burying a plant that died because he gave it too much water. The police gets the plant and gets Ned to make the scream Bart heard before. Later, Martin's pool breaks because there were too many children in it.

"Bart of Darkness" was written by Dan McGrath and Jim Reardon is the director. The episode was suppose to be at the end of the 5th season. However, this and "Lisa's Rival" were being made during the 1994 Northridge earthquake. The earthquake hurt the building that animators and producers used to work on episodes. They could not go in the building for three months and had to work in a different building. Producers were given more time to work on the episode. Jim Reardon said the more time helped him put more details in the episode, for example, Bart getting stuck in a chair and him wearing underwear instead of a swimsuit.

At the start of the episode, the town of Springfield is in a heat wave. Part of what the Simpson family does in the heat wave was similar to what the producers would do in a heat wave. McGrath used to go in front of freezers when he was a child. In the episode, there is a truck with a pool in it that goes to the Simpson family's neighborhood. David Mirkin used to have a truck with an amusement ride in it around his neighborhood as a child. Ned Flanders' scream was done by Tress MacNeille instead of his voice actor Harry Shearer. Krusty the Clown does not say Ravi Shankar's name right in the episode. This was not suppose to happen, but Mirkin liked it and wanted to keep it in the episode.

Mike Duffy from the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" said the episode shows that "The Simpsons" was "just as strong and funny as it ever was". Elaine Liner from the "Corpus Christi Caller-Times" called the episode's writing "crisp" and "hilarious". Liner liked the references to pop culture and enjoyed when it was shown that Maude was at a camp for Christians. Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood (authors of "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide") thought it was hilarious to see how Ned Flanders was not actually a murderer. Tim Knight from Reel.com said it was a "terrific" episode to start the 6th season.


César Acuña

Cesar Acuña Peralta (born 11 August 1952) is a Peruvian politician and businessman. He is the founder and leader of the Alliance for Progress party.

In October 2006, he was elected Mayor of Trujillo. He was reelected in 2010. Four years later, he was elected Governor of La Libertad. Ten months after being sworn in, he resigned as governor.

He started a presidential campaign for the 2016 general election in October 2015. He was seen as a possible run-off nominee against frontrunner Keiko Fujimori, he was eventually disqualified people said he tried to buy votes.

He formally announced his second presidential bid for the 2021 election in late October 2020. He lost in the first round after coming in seventh place.

Omar Quesada

Werner Omar Quesada Martínez (born 24 September 1965) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. A ranking member of the Peruvian Aprista Party, he served as the party's Institutional Secretary General from March 2010 to July 2017.

His career has been marked by controversy. Raised in the Ayacucho Region, he served as a regional party leader throughout his youth, becoming the first democratically elected governor of Ayacucho, from 2003 to 2006. In the second presidency of Alan García, he was appointed as Director of the Informal Property Formalization Agency (COFOPRI), an agency dependent of the Ministry of Housing.Upon the revelation of irregular property selling conceded by the agency, he was forced to tender his resignation in April 2010.

Born in the northern city of Trujillo, La Libertad, Quesada was raised in Huanta, Ayacucho. From a very young age, he registered himself in the Peruvian Aprista Party. After finishing his high school education at María Auxiliadora Grand School Unity in 1981, he travelled to Lima in order enroll in the Universidad de San Martín de Porres to study law. He was able to finish his law degree in 1996.

Simultaneously with his college education, Quesada served in a variety of positions within the Peruvian Aprista Party's Regional Committee. In 1985, he rose to the position of Deputy Regional Secretary General of the party in Ayacucho, and Provincial Secretary General for Huanta from 1992 to 1993.

David Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon

David Albert Charles Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon, was styled as Viscount Linley until 2017. He is known professionally as David Linley. 

Linley is an English furniture maker, a former chairman of the auction house Christie's UK, and nephew of Queen Elizabeth II. He is the son of Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon. 

He makes bespoke (individually made to order) furniture, upholstery, and interior design products. They are neoclassical in appearance and in the use of inlaid woods. He has written numerous books and lectured around the world.

Richard Robinson (chief executive)

Maurice Richard Robinson Jr. (March 15, 1937 – June 5, 2021) was an American business executive and educator. From 1975 until his death, Robinson was the CEO of Scholastic Corporation. Many believed he made it possible for the "Harry Potter", "Hunger Games" and "Captain Underpants" book series to be published. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Robinson died on June 5, 2021 in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts at aged 84. The cause of death was either a stroke or a heart attack.

Madongan dam

Madongan Dam is a dam in the Philippines. It is in Barangay San Marcelino, Municipality of Dingras, Ilocos Norte. There is an access road to reach the dam.

Tourists can see the cold water falling from Madongan River. A short hike gives a view of the mountain ranges around the area.

Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple Act 1976

The Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple Act 1976 is an act passed by the Government of Manipur, for the protection of the Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple of Imphal, Manipur, India. It acts to make provisions for the maintenance and better administration of the temple of Lainingthou Sanamahi at Imphal and its endowments and for matters connected there with.

1908 Messina earthquake

The 1908 Messina earthquake (also known as the 1908 Messina and Reggio earthquake) was on 28 December in Sicily and Calabria in southern Italy. It had a moment magnitude of 7.1 and a maximum Mercalli intensity of XI ("Extreme"). The epicentre was in the Strait of Messina which is the water between Sicily and mainland Italy. The cities of Messina and Reggio Calabria were almost completely destroyed and between 75,000 and 82,000 people were killed. It was the most destructive earthquake ever to strike Europe.

Guaçu Piteri

Antônio Guaçu Dinaer Piteri (6 April 1935 – 6 June 2021) was a Brazilian politician and sociologist. He was born in Pindorama, São Paulo. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement. 

Piteri was Mayor of Osasco from 1967 to 1970 and again from 1977 until 1982. Piteri was a member of the Legislative Assembly of São Paulo from 1971 until 1975. He was also a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1975 until 1977.

Piteri died on 6 June 2021 in São Paulo from cancer, just two months after his 86th birthday.

Irena Ondrová

Irena Ondrová (19 June 1949 – 5 June 2021) was a Czech politician. She was a member of the Civic Democratic Party. Ondrová was born in Chomutov, Czechoslovakia. She was a member of the Senate from 1996 until 2002. She was also Mayor of Zlín from 2006 until 2010.

Ondrová died on 5 June 2021, aged 71.

Joseph Lebeau

Joseph Lebeau (3 January 1794 — 19 March 1865) was a Belgian politician. He was a liberal and prime minister twice: in 1831 and from 1840 to 1841. He was also foreign affairs and justice minister. From 1834 to 1840 he was governor of Namur province.

Lebeau was born and died in Huy, aged 71.


Bird (transportation company)

Bird is a micromobility company based in Santa Monica, California. Founded in September 2017 Bird operated shared electric scooters in over 100 cities in Europe, the Middle East, and North America with 10 million rides in its first year of operation.

Bird was founded in September 2017 by Travis VanderZanden, formerly an executive at Lyft and at Uber. It had its Series A round of funding in February 2018, raising $15 million led by Craft Ventures; this was followed by a Series B round in March for $100 million, led by Index Ventures and Valor Equity Partners, and a venture round in May for $150 million from Sequoia Capital, becoming the fastest company to ever reach the $1 billion "unicorn" valuation. In June 2018, Bird raised an additional $300 million, valuing the company at $2 billion.

GlobalLogic

GlobalLogic is a digital product engineering services company headquartered in San Jose, California, United States. It is a privately held company funded by Partners Group and CPP Investment Board. GlobalLogic provides software product design and development services.

GlobalLogic got its start in 2000 as Induslogic, a provider of outsourced software and product development services. Peter Harrison was appointed CEO in 2001 and Vasudev Bhandarkar joined the board in 2004. Under the direction of its CEO Peter Harrison, the company incubated Pine Labs in 2001 and then divided this subsidiary in 2006 before selling it to Sequoia Capital. 

In 2006, Induslogic merged with Bonus Technology to form GlobalLogic, a new global product development services company.

The same year, the company received Series B venture round funding of $12.5M from Sequoia Capital and New Enterprise Associates in 2006 and acquired Lambent Technologies, an offshore software R&D services firm based in Nagpur, India. 

In 2008, GlobalLogic opened offices in London, naming Mike Daniels as chairman of the board and hiring Shashank Samant as President.The same year, it acquired U.S.-based Validio Software and its Ukraine-based development center.

In 2012, CEO Peter Harrison became vice chairman and its president, Shashank Samant, was appointed CEO.

In 2014, GlobalLogic hired Zaheer Allam as chief delivery officer and opened new delivery centers in Nagpur, India and Kosice, Slovakia. In 2015, the company opened a delivery center in Kraków, Poland. In 2016, Peter Bonfield took over the role of board chairman. The same year, GlobalLogic acquired REC Global, a Poland-based software development provider specializing in embedded technologies.

2021–22 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round

The 2021–22 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round began on 22 June and ended on 25 August 2021.

A total of 54 teams competed in the qualifying system of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League, which includes the qualifying phase and the play-off round, with 43 teams in Champions Path and 11 teams in League Path. The six winners in the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path) advanced to the group stage, to join the 26 teams that enter in the group stage.

Times are CEST (), as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).

The Champions Path includes all league champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the Champions Path enter either the Europa League or the Europa Conference League:

Below are the participating teams of the Champions Path (with their 2021 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.

The League Path includes all league non-champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the League Path enter the Europa League:

Below are the participating teams of the League Path (with their 2021 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.

Each tie, apart from the preliminary round, is played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advance to the next round. If the aggregate score is level at the end of normal time of the second leg, the away goals rule is no longer applied starting from this season. To decide the winner of the tie, extra time is played, and if the same amount of goals are scored by both teams during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out. In the preliminary round, where single-match semi-finals and final are hosted by one of the participating teams, if the score is level at the end of normal time, extra time is played, and if the same amount of goals are scored by both teams during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out.

In the draws for each round, teams are seeded based on their UEFA club coefficients at the beginning of the season, with the teams divided into seeded and unseeded pots containing the same number of teams. A seeded team is drawn against an unseeded team, with the order of legs (or the administrative "home" team in the preliminary round matches) in each tie decided by draw. As the identity of the winners of the previous round is not known at the time of the draws, the seeding is carried out under the assumption that the team with the higher coefficient of an undecided tie advances to this round, which means if the team with the lower coefficient is to advance, it simply takes the seeding of its opponent. Prior to the draws, UEFA may form "groups" in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee, but they are purely for convenience of the draw and do not resemble any real groupings in the sense of the competition. Teams from associations with political conflicts as decided by UEFA may not be drawn into the same tie. After the draws, the order of legs of a tie may be reversed by UEFA due to scheduling or venue conflicts.

The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).

<section begin=PR />
The draw for the preliminary round was held on 8 June 2021, 12:00 CEST.<section end=PR />

A total of four teams played in the preliminary round. Seeding of teams was based on their 2021 UEFA club coefficients, with two seeded teams and two unseeded teams in the semi-finals. The first team drawn in each tie in the semi-finals, and also the final (between the two winners of the semi-finals, whose identity was not known at the time of draw), would be the "home" team for administrative purposes.

<section begin=PR />
The preliminary round matches, which consisted of two semi-finals on 22 June 2021 and the final on 25 June 2021, were originally to be played at Gundadalur, Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands, but were moved due to restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the Faroe Islands. The matches were instead played in Albania, with the semi-finals at Elbasan Arena, Elbasan and Niko Dovana Stadium, Durrës, and the final at Elbasan Arena.

The winner of the preliminary round final advanced to the first qualifying round. The losers of the semi-finals and final were transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.

<section begin=Q1 />
The draw for the first qualifying round was held on 15 June 2021, 12:00 CEST.<section end=Q1 />

A total of 32 teams played in the first qualifying round: 31 teams which entered in this round, and 1 winner of the preliminary round. Seeding of teams was based on their 2021 UEFA club coefficients. For the winner of the preliminary round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team was used. Prior to the draw, UEFA formed four groups of four seeded teams and four unseeded teams in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team of the first leg.

<section begin=Q1 />
The first legs were played on 6 and 7 July, and the second legs were played on 13 and 14 July 2021.

The winners of the ties advanced to the Champions Path second qualifying round. The losers were transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.

Notes
<section end=Q1 />

"Lincoln Red Imps won 7–2 on aggregate."

"Slovan Bratislava won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Malmö FF won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Legia Warsaw won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Alashkert won 3–2 on aggregate."

"HJK won 7–1 on aggregate."

"CFR Cluj won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Mura won 6–0 on aggregate."

"Sheriff Tiraspol won 5–0 on aggregate."

"Neftçi Baku won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Kairat won 3–1 on aggregate."

"Ludogorets Razgrad won 2–0 on aggregate."

"Ferencváros won 6–1 on aggregate."

"Žalgiris won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Flora won 5–0 on aggregate."

"Dinamo Zagreb won 5–2 on aggregate."

<section begin=Q2 />
The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 16 June 2021, 12:00 CEST.<section end=Q2 />

A total of 26 teams played in the second qualifying round. They were divided into two paths:

Seeding of teams was based on their 2021 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the first qualifying round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie was used. Prior to the draw, UEFA formed three groups in the Champions Path, two of three seeded teams and three unseeded teams, and one of four seeded teams and four unseeded teams, in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee, while in the League Path there were three seeded teams and three unseeded teams. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team of the first leg.

<section begin=Q2 />
The first legs were played on 20 and 21 July, and the second legs were played on 27 and 28 July 2021. 

The winners of the ties advanced to the third qualifying round of their respective path. The Champions Path losers were transferred to the Europa League Champions Path third qualifying round, while the League Path losers were transferred to the Europa League Main Path third qualifying round.

"Dinamo Zagreb won 3–0 on aggregate."

"Young Boys won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Legia Warsaw won 3–1 on aggregate."

"Sheriff Tiraspol won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Olympiacos won 2–0 on aggregate."

"Red Star Belgrade won 6–2 on aggregate."

"CFR Cluj won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Malmö FF won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Ferencváros won 5–1 on aggregate."

"Ludogorets Razgrad won 3–1 on aggregate."

"Sparta Prague won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Midtjylland won 3–2 on aggregate."

"PSV Eindhoven won 7–2 on aggregate."

<section begin=Q3 />
The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 19 July 2021, 12:00 CEST.<section end=Q3 />

A total of 20 teams played in the third qualifying round. They were divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams was based on their 2021 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the second qualifying round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie was used. Prior to the draw, UEFA formed two groups in the Champions Path, of three seeded teams and three unseeded teams, in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee, while in the League Path there were four seeded teams and four unseeded teams. Due to political reasons, teams from Ukraine and Russia in the League Path could not be drawn against each other, thus Shakhtar Donetsk and Spartak Moscow could not be drawn against each other. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team of the first leg.


<section begin=Q3 />
The first legs were played on 3 and 4 August, and the second legs were played on 10 August 2021. 

The winners of the ties advanced to the play-off round of their respective path. The Champions Path losers were transferred to the Europa League play-off round, while the League Path losers were transferred to the Europa League group stage.

"Dinamo Zagreb won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Young Boys won 4–2 on aggregate."

"3–3 on aggregate. Ludogorets Razgrad won 4–1 on penalties."

"Sheriff Tiraspol won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Malmö FF won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Ferencváros won 2–1 on aggregate."

"PSV Eindhoven won 4–0 on aggregate."

"Benfica won 4–0 on aggregate."

"Shakhtar Donetsk won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Monaco won 5–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=PO />
The draw for the play-off round was held on 2 August 2021, 12:00 CEST.<section end=PO />

A total of 12 teams played in the play-off round. They were divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams was based on their 2021 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the third qualifying round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie was used. In the Champions Path there were four seeded teams and four unseeded teams, and in the League Path there were two seeded teams and two unseeded teams. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team of the first leg.


<section begin=PO />
The first legs were played on 17 and 18 August, and the second legs were played on 24 and 25 August 2021. 

The winners of the ties advanced to the group stage. The losers were transferred to the Europa League group stage.

"Red Bull Salzburg won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Young Boys won 6–4 on aggregate."

"Malmö FF won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Sheriff Tiraspol won 3–0 on aggregate."

"Shakhtar Donetsk won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Benfica won 2–1 on aggregate."

Falcata

Falcata is a Strategy game, developed and published by Gust, which was released in Japan in 1995. Falcata was one of the first games released on PlayStation in Japan, and for sure it was a strange one, the game is a mix between an strategy board game and a RPG game. In the game screen, the game draws a line connecting some different circles on a map, given a genuine and bizarre sense of atmosphere.

The falcata is a type of sword typical of Pre-Roman Hispania (the Iberian Peninsula, modern Spain and Portugal), similar to the Greek kopis or Nepalese kukri. The term Falcata is not ancient. It seems to have been coined by Fernando Fulgosio in 1872, on the model of the Latin expression ensis falcatus "sickle-shaped sword" (which, however, refers to the Harpe). He presumably went with falcata rather than falcatus because the Spanish word for sword espada is feminine, although there are other presumable theories. The name caught on very quickly, and is now firmly entrenched in the scholarly literature.

The game is set in 1500 BC in a land with different cities and hostile tribes, that makes most of the people to travel to other lands. The goal of the game is to restore the land so the people can stop their endless wandering, and finally arrived to that land and that will end with the tribal fights. The player's character will be the hero to reach that? Only time will tell.

The game features 6 different parties that can be customized in their clothes and hair, all of them with their own stats. The gameplay is about going around those places and examine them, in some of them you will have to fight and then the game takes the usual rpg style with turns to choose the proper actions that the player wants his characters to do. But instead of fights he can also pay to avoid the fights, make pacts or discover relics, etc.

Manufacturer's description:

Set in ancient Persia, simulation strategy of all parties ploy Mujin movement intertwined with free will. Become the leader of the party up to 5 people, and nurture a character and fighting bandits or find items to explore the field, encountered, we will proceed with the sabotage to the other party at times, prosperity Asutoran city of illusion I will win.

 Features:


Herbert Hainer

Herbert Hainer (born 3 July 1954 in Dingolfing, Bavaria) is a German manager and the former CEO of Adidas-Group. He is the supervisory board chairman of the FC Bayern Munich AG. He is currently the president of the German club FC Bayern Munich.

His alma mater was at the University of Applied Sciences Landshut, where he graduated in economics.



Tallow

Tallow is a type of rendered fat. It can come from beef or mutton. It usually has a longer shelf life than suet. Tallow could also come from other animals like bison. Lard is a type of tallow that comes from pigs. Tallow has been used for many things, as a soap ingredient, a cooking fat, and fuel.

Tallow is mostly made up of saturated and monounsaturated fats and triglycerides.

Chataignier, Louisiana

Chataignier is a village in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Pine Prairie, Louisiana

Pine Prairie is a village in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Turkey Creek, Louisiana

Turkey Creek is a village in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fordoche, Louisiana

Fordoche is a small town in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Livonia, Louisiana

Livonia is a town in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States. As of 2021, 1,384 people live there. it is the second most populous municipality in Pointe Coupee Parish.

Morganza, Louisiana

Morganza is a village in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the least populous municipality in Pointe Coupee Parish.

Newsmax TV

Newsmax TV is an American news channel. Its owner is Newsmax Media. It has a conservative political point of view. The shows that are mostly shown are opinion shows, with some documentaries shown on weekends. While the 2020 United States presidential election was going on, the channel grew by pushing conspiracy theories about the outcome of the election.

The channel was started by American journalist Christopher Ruddy. It launched on June 16, 2014 to 35 million people.

The channel's main headquarters is in Manhattan, with two others in West Palm Beach, Florida and Sugar Land, Texas. Many journalists that have left Fox News have come to Newsmax.

Hyappatsu hyakuchu

Hyappatsu hyakuchu (100発100中, "IronFinger") is a 1965 Japanese action adventure comedy film directed by Jun Fukuda and produced by Toho. The film was shot in color and cinemascope. When Akira Takarada appeared in "", released in 2004, he said "This is still a man who was said to be 100 out of 100 shots in the past. The line is about this work (by director Ryuhei Kitamura's plan). 

The story is about an ordinary holiday maker who takes up the mission of a dead Interpol agent and finds himself caught between two rival gangs who are fighting over an arms shipment.

On board the Air France plane ready to leave the Orly Airport there are two passengers. One is a second generation Japanese man born in who wears dark sunglasses. The other is a man who speaks French and Japanese. They began a conversation. The first began writing a letter to his mother while holding a picture of . He told her that he and his friend are going to to have a chat over there. The two traveled to Bangkok and without revealing their surnames. Two motorcycle assassins ambushed the two. The sunglasses man get caught with a rope and dragged on the street. The other takes out the first assassin while pulling out his to kill the second. 

The sunglasses man died in front of him. He is revealed to be an Interpol agent named Andrew Hoshino according to his passport. The other, now named as Andrew Hoshino, arrived at using his passport and plans to find out who killed the agent. A strange incident happened at the crowded airport. Andrew witnesses a stripper's makeup bag explode at the customs. A Chinese man escaped in the confusion as if he was looking for an opportunity. Andrew chases after him only to lose site of him as he gets in the car and leave. He meets Yumi Sawada, a beautiful woman who offers him a drive. She is a fashionable female bomb expert who sells plastic explosives in Southeast Asia. Guided by Yumi, Andrew arrived at the base of the Akatsuki Gang), a Yakuza crime syndicate led by Jyosuke Akatsuki and was taken prisoner. The Chinese man was actually a weapons dealer named Huang Changkang, who had been smuggling 100 CRS pistols (a re-modeled version of Mauser C96 pistols) from Hong Kong with the stripper in order to get rid of their competitors the Aonuma Gang under the leadership of yakuza boss Takeshi Aonuma. But Yumi has a more powerful weapon that she personally designed on her own, a that can explode anytime, anywhere with an .

Eventually, an agent from the International Secret Police was sent from Paris, and Tezuka, a bumbling over confident police detective from the , sneaked into the Akatsuki base to investigate an illegal weapon smuggling. But he ended up getting captured by Akatsuki's henchmen and taken to the basement where Andrew was tied up. The Akatsuki Gang, who was having problem with the two, moved them in a freezing box truck and headed for the with Yumi as the lookout. However, Tezuka flirts and teasing with the hot exchange between Hoshino and Yumi as lovers. Huang, who was angry about not getting half of the money from Jyosuke, sold 100 guns to the Akatsuki Gang and went to Takeshi where he sells 200 guns to the Aonuma Gang in exchange for telling about a deal with the Akatsuki's. Huang was told by Aonuma that Hoshino was a hitman dispatched from the Swiss trafficking kingpin de Balmeyer, and came to Japan in aiming for Huang with a French crime boss named Hubert Lebois, who was actually the leader of the weapon smuggling ring. 

However, Huang was relieved to know that Hoshino was captured by the Akatsuki Gang. Huang then informed of the location where the Akatsuki's would unload 100 guns. Andrew and Tezuka managed to escape while avoid being caught by the two gangs. Yumi, who saw that 100 crates full of CRS pistols were unlikely, started to fall in love with Andrew and saved them by setting up explosives around the beach catching the two gangs by surprise. Hoshino and Tezuka then began to search for Huang and Lubois. The trio began searching for Lebois, who had undergone plastic surgery in Italy. They learned of a stripper left behind by her manager, and Andrew and Tezuka were the same person as Lebois. Tezuka and his colleagues, who migrated to the CRS Special Investigation Headquarters, flew to Manila and started an investigation with the cooperation of the Manila City Police. Andrew was captured by Komori, a hitman for Aonuma, who came from Tokyo. He was placed on a Cessna 172 plane driven by Huang Changkang. Tezuka and Yumi immediately chased after the plane, but Huang Changkang descended with a parachute alone when Hoshino was tied up, unable to grab on to the control stick when Tezuka passed out. Huang was brutally killed when he went in the wrong direction and was cut by a spinning propeller. The two managed to help Andrew escape as the plane crashed into the jungle. 

Once they have landed in Manila, the three were surrounded by Filipinos and foreign guards led by Lebois. They were taken to his weapons factory. Lebois, who first appeared in front of the three, said that a sunglasses man named Andrew Hoshino should have killed Huang in Hong Kong, and was suspicious of the fake ICPO agent. He was imprisoned in the room by Lebois, who tried to torture Andrew and Tezuka for more information. He was saved by Yumi after she planted the explosives plastic behind the cellar. Hoshino, who carries his pistol against Lebois and his minions, contacted the Manila City Police. Weapon smuggler Lebois was defeated in a final battle with Andrew. He finally avenged his friend's death and completed his mission as an official Interpol agent. The movie ends with Andrew on a speedboat leaving Manila for Tokyo while Tezuka remained with the Manila police. Then out of nowhere, Yumi chased after Andrew and asked for a date.



※ Uncredit performers

『100 Shot, 100 Killed』(100発100中, "Hyappatsu hyakuchu")

『Baka To Hasami』 (馬鹿と鋏, "Stupid Scissors")
Free Peru

Free Peru, officially the Free Peru National Political Party (Spanish: "Perú Libre") is a socialist political party in Peru. It was started in 2007 as the Free Peru Political Regional Movement. It was registered (made official) as a political party in January 2016. It was given the name it has today in January 2019. His creator and general secretary is Vladimir Cerrón. In the 2021 Peru elections, won unexpectedly the elections with the candidate Pedro Castillo.

Two Dozen and One Greyhounds

"Two Dozen and One Greyhounds" is the 20th episode of The Simpsons 6th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on April 9, 1995. The episode was written by Mike Scully and Bob Anderson is the director. In the episode, Santa's Little Helper mates with another greyhound at a race track. Mr. Burns wants to take their puppies to make a tuxedo out of them.

Santa's Little Helper, the Simpson family's dog, runs to a race track and mates with a greyhound there. The owner of the racing greyhound lets the Simpson family keep her. She gives birth to 25 puppies. Homer and Marge are not able to take care of the puppies and tries giving them away. Mr. Burns asks them for all of the puppies. Lisa does not want Burns to have them, but he takes the puppies when the family does not see them.

Bart and Lisa later learn that Burns has taken the puppies. They go to his mansion and see him cleaning the puppies in a bath. Burns sees one of the puppies standing up and calls the puppy "Little Monty". He then sings a song on how he will kill the other 24 puppies and make a tuxedo out of them. Bart and Lisa go in the mansion to try to get the puppies back. They put the puppies in the basement and find Burns there. Bart tries to make it so that Burns does not know which puppy is Little Monty. When Burns makes Little Monty stand, Bart uses a clothes line to make all of the puppies stand. Burns wants to kill all of the puppies and Bart and Lisa, but then thinks he should not kill them all. He instead puts all of the puppies in greyhound racing and gets millions of dollars from it.

"Two Dozen and One Greyhounds" was written by Mike Scully. Bob Anderson is the director of the episode. Al Jean and Mike Reiss came up with the story of the episode. They got the idea after seeing the movie "One Hundred and One Dalmatians". David Mirkin said as a joke that they like to take ideas from Disney. For example, another episode called "Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious" is a parody of the movie "Mary Poppins". Mirkin thought it was great that they could use ideas from Disney in a "completely legal way".

Matt Groening (creator of "The Simpsons") was happy with the episode because it reminded him of the very first episode ("Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire"). He also liked the references to "One Hundred and One Dalmatians". He liked the movie when he was a child and said it made him want to learn about animation and cartoons. In one part of the movie, the puppies can be seen watching cartoons on a television screen. Groening said that made him love how cartoons work and made him create a fictional television show in "The Simpsons" called "The Itchy & Scratchy Show".

In the episode, Mr. Burns says Little Monty reminds him of the actor Rory Calhoun. George Meyer got the idea for Mr. Burns to say that. Matt Groening did not want this in the episode because he thought people watching it would not know who Calhoun was. This was kept in because Calhoun would be talked about again during the end of the episode. After the episode was broadcast, Groening went on the Internet and saw discussions from people who did not know who Calhoun was.

When Bart and Lisa first go near Mr. Burns' mansion, they see him singing a song called "See My Vest". It is about how he will kill the puppies and make a tuxedo out of them. One writer came up with the idea that Mr. Burns will show the bad things he will do to the puppies with a "fun and light" song. Scully made the lyrics to the song on the next day. The lyrics are a parody of the song "Be Our Guest" from "Beauty and the Beast". Mirkin liked the song and said "The rhymes are really clever. It's one of our very best songs". He also liked that one song can be put in the episode without the episode becoming a musical. He said "We'll just do one song and that's plenty. We have fun with that and then we're out."

Animals in many cartoons may act like humans. Groening does not want this happening in "The Simpsons" and makes animals in the show act like real animals. This is how the animals in the episode act. Mirkin said they might not do this only for visual gags. Everything else has animals acting how they would in real life. Frank Welker made the animal sounds in the episode. Mirkin was happy with Welker's work and said "He can do anything, and it fits perfectly. You forget you're listening to a guy". Groening also thought he was very good at making animal sounds.

Producers and the people with Fox network's censors got into an argument if they should show Santa's Little Helper mating with the racing greyhound. Writers first thought it would not be a good idea, but Mirkin knew it could be shown without it being very sexual. In the episode, only the dogs' heads can be seen while they are mating. Storyboards of this part of the episode was later put on DVD. Anderson said that many people were laughing while the censors were looking at this part of the episode.

The song "See My Vest" was put in the album "Songs in the Key of Springfield". The "Daily Bruin" thought the song's lyrics were humorous and said that listening to it would give memories of the episode. They thought the song really showed Mr. Burns as a character and said it shows the "disturbing elements" of how humans act. MSNBC made a list of "TV's top 10 scariest characters" and put Mr. Burns on the top of the list. They talked about "Two Dozen and One Greyhounds" where Burns makes a plan on killing the puppies to make a tuxedo.

Ben Rayner from the "Toronto Star" thought that "Two Dozen and One Greyhounds" was one episode of "The Simpsons" he liked the most. He thought Mr. Burns in the "See My Vest" song was the most interesting part. The "Toronto Star" later made a list of the best and worst episodes of "The Simpsons". They put this episode as one of the best and said "See My Vest" was the best part of the episode. Todd Glichrist from IGN called the episode "memorable" and talked about "See My Vest" by saying Mr. Burns "flirts with copyright infringement". Michael Price from IGN thought the song was just a great as "The Monorail Song" from the episode "Marge vs. the Monorail". Colin Jacobson from DVD Movie Guide liked the references to many Disney movies and to Roy Calhoun. Jacobson said this made it a "fine show".


Breakthrough infection

There are diseases where there are vaccines. People who are vaccinated usually will not get the disease. In some cases, people who have been vaccinated will still catch the disease they have been vaccinated against. This is known as breakthrough infection. In some cases, vaccines do not provide immunity against the pathogen. Breakthrough infections have been described for diseases such as mumps, varicella (chicken pox), and influenza. For the person has been vaccinated, the disease will be different. Usually, the symptoms will be milder, and it may not last as long (compared to someone who has not been vaccinated).

There are different causes for breakthrough infections: The vaccine may not have been stored properly, or there may have been an error when the person was vaccinated. Viruses change over time. The vaccine may have been developed for another version of the virus, and it may not be as effective against the current version. Also, antibodies may block the vaccine. 

For these reasons, vaccines are not 100% effective: The common flu vaccine is estimated to provide immunity to the flu in 58% of those vaccinated. The measles vaccine fails to provide immunity to 2% of children that receive the vaccine. If herd immunity exists, it usually prevents individuals who are not vaccinated from contracting the disease. Herd immunity reduces the number of breakthrough infections.

In April 2021, the CDC reported that in the United States there were 5,814 COVID-19 breakthrough infections, and 74 deaths, among the more than 75 million people fully vaccinated for the COVID-19 virus.

As a person grows older, their immune system changes. This process is called immunosenescence. They will produce fewer naive T cells, and naive B cells. There is a reduced number of lymphocytes. In older people there are fewer lymphocytes, and there are also fewer types of lymphocytes that can respond to the pathogens in a vaccine. Many vaccines are less effective in older people. They should still get the flu vaccine. Influenza is particularly dangerous to them and the vaccine can provide at least some immunity to the influenza virus. 

Infants have antibodies from their mother. This limits the efficacy of many vaccines. Maternal antibodies can bind to the proteins produced by the virus in the vaccine. Maternal antibodies can neutralize the virus. The maternal antibodies help the immune system of the infant, which isn't very active yet: the infant produces fewer antibodies. This means that few memory B cells are produced. The level of memory B-cells is not enough to ensure an infant's lifelong resistance.

In most infants, maternal antibodies disappear twelve to fifteen months after birth. Vaccines given to infants older than 12-15 months are not affected by maternal antibody interference.

When a person is vaccinated against a disease, the person's immune system is triggered and memory B cells store the specific antibody response. These cells remain in circulation after the pathogen infection is cleared. Cell division is not perfect, so the information about the response slowly disappears. Usually, the cells live for decades. The lifespan and protection also depend on the type and dosage of the vaccine. The reason why some memory B cells live longer than others is unknown. It has been proposed that the differences are due to the speed at which a pathogen infects the body and the number and type of cells involved in the immune response to the pathogen in the vaccine.

When a person is vaccinated, their immune system develops antibodies that recognize specific parts of viruses or viral-induced proteins. Over time viruses accumulate genetic mutations which changes the structure of the viral proteins. If these mutations occur in sites that are recognized by antibodies, the mutations stop antibody binding. This phenomenon is called antigenic drift. Breakthrough infections of Hepatitis B and mumps are partially because of antigenic drift.

Sometimes, the vaccine that is used has a poor quality. Examples may be vaccines stored at the wrong temperature, or vaccines used after the expiration date. The correct vaccine dosage is essential. Vaccine dosage is dependent on factors including a patient's age and weight. Patients that get a lower dose than recommended of a vaccine do not have an adequate immune response to the vaccine to ensure immunity.

For a vaccine to work, a person must respond to the pathogens in a vaccine through the adaptive branch of the immune system and that response must be stored in an individual's immunological memory. It is possible for an individual to neutralize and clear a pathogen through the humoral response without activating the adaptive immune response. Vaccines with weaker or fewer strains of a pathogen may primarily cause the humoral response. Then they fail to ensure future immunity.


Delhi, Louisiana

Delhi is a town in Richland Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dendropsophus norandinus

The North Andean tree frog ("Dendropsophus norandinus") is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 1420 and 1950 meters above sea level.

2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup

The 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the twentieth edition of the FIFA U-20 World Cup. The 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup took place for the first time in New Zealand.

Four FIFA member associations officially submitted their bids to host the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup by the deadline of 11 February 2011. On 3 March 2011, FIFA announced that the tournament would be held for the first time in New Zealand. This is the third FIFA competition staged in this country, after the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship and the 2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.



Auckland, Christchurch, Dunedin, Hamilton, New Plymouth, Wellington and Whangarei were the 7 cities chosen to host the competition.

Before the stadium announcements were made, Dunedin City council suggested in January 2013, that it would not bid to host matches at Forsyth Barr Stadium (also known as Otago Stadium) unless the costs (an estimated $1m) could be lowered. The stadium hosted seven matches there, the last of which being a Round of 16 game.
In addition to host nation New Zealand, 23 nations qualified from six separate continental competitions.

The final draw was held on 10 February 2015, 17:30 local time, at the SkyCity Grand, Auckland. For the draw, the 24 teams were divided into four seeding pots:


As a basic principle, teams from the same confederation could not be drawn against each other at the group stage. As the CAF U-20 Championship was not completed at the time of the draw, a separate draw took place on 23 March 2015 in Dakar, Senegal, at the tournament's conclusion to determine the groups where the 2nd, 3rd and 4th placed CAF teams would play in, to ensure there was no manipulation of games in the qualifying tournament ensuring fairness to all qualified teams.

The schedule of the tournament was unveiled on 20 November 2013.

A total of 21 referees, 6 support referees, and 42 assistant referees were selected for the tournament.

The 24 squads were officially announced by FIFA on 21 May 2015. Each participating national association had to submit a final list of 21 players (three of whom must be goalkeepers) at least 10 days before the tournament started. These players were shortlisted from a provisional list of 35 players, including a minimum of four goalkeepers. All players must have been born on or after 1 January 1995. If a player listed in the final squad suffered a serious injury up until 24 hours before the kick-off of his team's first match, he could be replaced by a player from the provisional list with the approval of FIFA's medical and organising committees.

In July 2015, it was reported that the New Zealand squad had included an ineligible player, South African Deklan Wynne not having completed the requisite period of residence in New Zealand.

The winners and runners-up of each group and the best four third-placed teams advanced to the round of 16. The rankings of teams in each group were determined as follows:

If two or more teams were equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings were determined as follows:

All times are local, New Zealand Standard Time ().

The four best ranked third-placed teams also advanced to the round of 16. They were paired with the winners of groups A, B, C and D, according to a table published in Section 18 of the tournament regulations.

In the knockout stage, if a match was level at the end of regular time (two periods of 45 minutes), extra time was played (two periods of 15 minutes) and followed, if necessary, by a penalty shoot-out to determine the winner. In the case of the third place match, as it was played just before the final, extra time was skipped and a penalty shoot-out took place if necessary.

The third-placed teams which advanced to the round of 16 were placed with the winners of groups A, B, C and D according to a table published in Section 18 of the tournament regulations.

The following awards were given at the conclusion of the tournament. They were all sponsored by Adidas, except for the FIFA Fair Play Award.








The official emblem of the tournament was unveiled on 20 November 2013. The official mascot, a black sheep named Wooliam, was unveiled on 30 November 2014.

Prior to being released for 'General sale' on 13 June 2014, registered footballers in New Zealand were given 'priority treatment' by allowing them the option to buy tickets from two months earlier.

In the first three months of tickets going on sale to residents, an estimated 25,000 were sold.



Jeetendra

Jeetendra (Ravi Kapoor; 07 April 1942) is an Indian actor and producer. Famous for his dancing,he was called "Jumping Jack". He was awarded a Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2003 and the Screen Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006. He was frequently cast opposite Sridevi and Jaya Prada. He is one of the most successful film stars in the Bollywood film industry. He is the chairman of the Balaji Telefilms, Balaji Motion Pictures.He has acted in nearly 200 films as the main lead.

Jeetendra was born in Amritsar, Punjab, to Amarnath and Krishna Kapoor. His father had business of imitation jewellery, supplied to film industry. He attended St. Sebastian's Goan High School in Girgaum, Mumbai with his friend Rajesh Khanna. While supplying jewellery to V. Shantaram, he was cast as Sandhya's character's double in the 1959 movie "Navrang".

Jeetendra's started acting in 1960s He acted as lead hero for 30 years. Jeetendra's first movie was V. Shantaram's Geet Gaya Patharon Ne (1964) and then Boond Jo Ban Gayee Moti (1967). "Farz" (1967) was his first successful movie. Jeetendra's popular co-stars were Sridevi,Jaya Prada,Rekha,Mumtaz, Hema Malini, Moushumi Chatterjee, Reena Roy, Neetu Singh, Sulakshana Pandit and Bindiya Goswami.

Shaleen Surtie-Richards

Shaleen Surtie-Richards (7 May 1955 – 7 June 2021) was a South African actress. She was best known for her starring roles in the 1988 movie "Fiela se Kind" and the long-running series "".

Surtie-Richards died on 7 June 2021, aged 66.

Su Yiran

Su Yiran (; November 5, 1918 – June 7, 2021) was a Chinese revolutionist and politician. He was governor of Shandong from 1979 to 1982. He was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party from 1977 until 1987. He was born in Sichuan, China.

Su died on June 7, 2021 in Jinan, China at the age of 102.

Richard Nunns

Richard Anthony Nunns (1945 – 7 June 2021) was a Māori traditional musician. He was known for playing taonga pūoro and his works with Hirini Melbourne.

He made recordings with musicians such as Moana and the Moahunters, the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra, the New Zealand String Quartet, King Kapisi, and Salmonella Dub.

Lucinda Franks

Lucinda Laura Franks (July 16, 1946May 5, 2021) was an American journalist, novelist, and memoirist. Franks won a Pulitzer Prize in 1971 for her reporting. She became the first woman to win a Pulitzer for National Reporting, and the youngest person ever to win any Pulitzer. She worked as a staff writer at "The New York Times" (1974 to 1977) and "The New Yorker" (1992 to 2006).

Franks died of cancer on May 5, 2021, in Hopewell Junction, New York, aged 74.

Hopewell Junction, New York

Hopewell Junction is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 1,330 at the 2020 census.

Ali Akbar Mohtashamipur

Ali Akbar Mohtashamipur or Mohtashami (; 1947 – 7 June 2021) was an Iranian Shia cleric. He was active during the 1979 Iranian Revolution and later became interior minister of the Islamic Republic of Iran. He is "seen as a founder of the Hezbollah movement in Lebanon". 

Mohtashami was the target of an assassination attempt after he lost his right hand when he opened a book full with explosives. 

Mohtashamipur died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Iran on 7 June 2021, aged 74.

Guglielmo Epifani

Guglielmo Epifani (24 March 1950 – 7 June 2021) was an Italian trade unionist and politician. From 2002 to 2010 he was the General Secretary of the Italian General Confederation of Labour (CGIL). On 11 May 2013 Epifani was appointed Secretary of the Democratic Party (PD). From 2013 until his death, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies.

Epifani died on 7 June 2021 in Rome from a pulmonary embolism, aged 71.

Mansour Ojjeh

Mansour Akram Ojjeh (25 September 1952 – 6 June 2021) () was a French Saudi Arabian-born businessman. He owned part of TAG. Ojjeh was the CEO of TAG, which owns 14.32% of the McLaren Group. He also owned 10% of the upmarket jewellers Asprey and Garrard.

In late 2013, Ojjeh had a double lung transplant after suffering with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.

Ojjeh died on 6 June 2021, at the age of 68.

Julio Miranda

Julio Antonio Miranda (October 17, 1946 – June 6, 2021) was an Argentine politician. He was a member of the Justicialist Party. Miranda was a member of the Senate from 1992 until 1999 and again from 2003 until 2009. Miranda was also Governor of the Tucumán Province from 1999 until 2003.

Miranda died on June 6, 2021 from pneumonia in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina at the age of 74.


Ottorino Sartor

Ottorino Sartor (September 18, 1945 – June 2, 2021) was a Peruvian football goalkeeper

He played his club football for Colegio Nacional de Iquitos. He competed for the Peru national football team at the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He played for the team from 1966 until 1979, making 27 appearances.

John Sacret Young

John Sacret Young (May 24, 1946 – June 3, 2021) was an American author, television producer, director, and screenwriter. He was best known for his work on the show "China Beach". Young has been nominated for seven Emmys. Young was born in Montclair, New Jersey.

Young died from brain cancer on June 3, 2021 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 75.

Tim Tolman

Timothy Lee Tolman (April 20, 1956 – June 3, 2021) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He was born in Santa Monica, California. He played for the Houston Astros from 1981 until 1985 and for the Detroit Tigers from 1986 until 1987.

Tolman died on June 3, 2021 in Tucson, Arizona from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 65.

CONCACAF Nations League

The CONCACAF Nations League (, ) is an international association football competition by the senior men's national teams of the member associations of CONCACAF of North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. 

A one-time qualifying tournament took place from September 2018 to March 2019 and the first tournament began in September 2019.

2021 CONCACAF Nations League Final

The 2021 CONCACAF Nations League Final was a soccer game where the winners of the match would win the final tournament of the 2019–20 CONCACAF Nations League. It was the first final of the CONCACAF Nations League.

The match was originally scheduled to be held on June 7, 2020 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, United States. On April 3, 2020, the final tournament was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. On July 27, 2020, CONCACAF announced that the Nations League Finals would be held in March 2021, though on September 22, 2020 CONCACAF announced that the tournament was again rescheduled until June 2021.

The United States won the game 3–2 after extra time to become the first champions of the CONCACAF Nations League.

2021 Ghotki rail crash

On , a train crashed into another near Daharki, in the Ghotki District of the province of Sindh in southern Pakistan. It killed 65 people and injured over 150 others. An express train derailed onto the other side of the track, and a second express train crashed into the first roughly a minute later.

There were previous major train crashes in Ghotki District in 1991 and 2005.

Sonequa Martin-Green

Sonequa Chaunté Martin-Green (; born March 21, 1985) is an American actress and producer. She is best known for her television roles as Michael Burnham in "", and as Sasha Williams on "The Walking Dead". 

Mama Jack

Mama Jack is a 2005 South African comedy movie directed by Gray Hofmeyr and starring Leon Schuster, Alfred Ntombela, Jerry Mofokeng, Shaleen Surtie-Richards.

Great Hanshin earthquake

Great Hanshin earthquake () is a major earthquake that occurred in Hyogo Prefecture, Japan, on January 17, 1995. The quake caused catastrophic damage and killed 6,434 people. Kobe and its surrounding areas, as well as the northern Awaji Island, were particularly severely damaged. This was Japan's deadliest earthquake in the 20th century after the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923, which claimed more than 105,000 lives.


Seismic magnitude scales

Seismic magnitude scales are used to describe the overall strength or "size" of an earthquake. 


These are distinguished from that categorize the intensity or severity of ground shaking (quaking) caused by an earthquake at a given location.

1976 Tangshan earthquake

The 1976 Tangshan earthquake () was a natural disaster resulting from a magnitude 7.6 earthquake that hit the region around Tangshan, Hebei, People's Republic of China on 28 July 1976. It lasted for 23 seconds and leveled 90 percent of Tangshan’s buildings. The earthquake came during the heat of midsummer, and many stunned survivors crawled out of their ruined houses naked, covered only in dust and blood. The earthquake started fires and ignited explosives and poisonous gases in Tangshan’s factories. Water and electricity were cut off, and rail and road access to the city was destroyed. It is the deadliest earthquake in China and one of the deadliest earthquakes in the world and is among the top ten deadliest natural disasters in China.

At the 3:42 a.m., an earthquake measuring between 7.8 and 8.2 magnitude on the Richter scale flattens Tangshan, a Chinese industrial city with a population of about a million people. The Chinese State Seismological Bureau (SSB) Analysis and Prediction Department was very accurate with the prediction of the earthquake, with an estimate of a major earthquake in the Tangshan region between July 22 and August 5. Despite voicing concerns, the prediction was not taken seriously. A few counties that listened to the advised saved thousands of lives by evacuating to safer areas days before the earthquake occurred.

According to the official statement from the seismological department, 242,000 people were killed and as many as 700,000 were injured. On the other hand, other resources claimed causalities as high as 650,000. More than 160,000 families were left homeless, and more than 4,000 children were orphaned 

Another reason why the death toll had increased to an extraordinary amount was because of the aftershocks that took place 16 hours after the first quake. The aftershocks were recorded to be as high as 7.1 on the Richter Scale, which not only hampered the rescue efforts but also added to the death toll. The Chinese government had not allowed foreign aid in the city, claiming that they were capable of handling the crisis on their own. In the crucial first week after the crisis, many died from lack of medical care. Troops and relief workers lacked the kind of heavy rescue training necessary to efficiently pull survivors from the rubble.

Sniper (1993 movie)

Sniper is a 1993 American Peruvian Panamanian action movie directed by Luis Llosa and starring Tom Berenger, Billy Zane, Aden Young, J. T. Walsh, Gary Swanson, Hank Garrett, Rex Linn. This is the first movie the "Sniper" in film series and was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


Once Upon a Time in Venezuela

Once Upon a Time in Venezuela () is a 2020 Venezuelan British Brazilian Austrian documentary movie directed by Anabel Rodríguez Ríos.

French Roast

French Roast is a 2008 French computer-animated short film created by Fabrice Joubert.

"French Roast" is the first short film by Fabrice O. Joubert.

In a Parisian Café businessman man sits at a table and orders a coffee. He understands that he has no money with him. He decides to steal money from the old woman who sits nearby. In the short film also there is a homeless person who asks alms.

"French Roast" was first released in France on 30 October 2008 at the Festival Voix d'Etoiles. It was later released in the Czech Republic on 3 May 2009 at the AniFest Film Festival, in Canada on 19 February 2010 in Waterloo, Ontario and in the USA on 19 February 2010, limited release.

"French Roast" received the Best Animation Award at ANIMA Córdoba and was nominated for Academy Award for Animated Short Film in 2009.

A White, White Day

A White, White Day () is a 2019 Icelandic Danish Swedish drama movie directed by Hlynur Pálmason and starring Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson, Ída Mekkín Hlynsdóttir, Hilmir Snær Guðnason.

Pipelight

Pipelight is a compatibility layer that allows NPAPI plugins for Windows to be used on Linux. It is a modified version of Wine. Silverlight, Flash Player, Unity Web Player and Widevine run. More plugins, such as Shockwave, run experimentally. The web browser must be able to use NPAPI plugins. Some web browsers (notably newer versions of Chrome and Opera, and Firefox 52 and later) are not.

Joëlle Milquet

Joëlle Milquet (born 17 February 1961) is a Belgian politician. She was initiator and the first chair of the French-speaking Centre démocrate humaniste (cdH), the new name of the Parti social-chrétien (PSC) since 2002.

She was deputy prime minister from 2008 to 2014 and held various ministerial positions. She was also a senator and an MP, a politician of the French Community and the Brussels-Capital Region, a councillor of both Woluwe-Saint-Pierre and Brussels and also an alderwoman of last one. She was nicknamed "Madame Non" because of her fierce opposition to a state reform desired by the Dutch-speaking parties during the cabinet formation in 2007.

Milquet was born in Charleroi and studied law at the Catholic University of Louvain and the University of Amsterdam. She worked as a lawyer before entering into politics.


The Last Farm

The Last Farm (Icelandic title "Síðasti bærinn") is a 2004 Icelandic short film. It was directed by Rúnar Rúnarsson.

Farmer's wife (Gróa) dies. The farmer (Hrafn) decides to bury himself with her. Nobody knows about Gróa's death. Relatives think that the couple is going to move to the retirement home. Their daughter, Lilja, decides to come with the family early to help her parents prepare things for the move. While this is happening, Hrafn digs a pit, lowers down the coffin with Gróa's body and lies down next to the coffin. He made a mechanism that will help fill the pit with soil. When Lilja arrives, Hrafn is already buried alive in the grave.

"The Last Farm" was nominated for the 2005 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film. It won 12 awards including the Edda Award for Short Film of the Year in 2004, the ARTE Short Film Award and the Youth Jury Award at the 2006 Dresden Film Festival, and the Audience Award for Best Film at the 2006 FEST Youth Video and Film Festival.


Home Made (2017 movie)

Home Made (Hebrew: כמו בבית) is an Israeli short film directed and written by Shira Meishar. The film has been shown at Durban International Film Festival, Sonoma International Film Festival and more.

A woman supposed to be going home to her partner to celebrate her 50th birthday. She prepare to leave the restaurant where she works. But she stays and spends the evening with two strangers.

The film won for the Best Script at the Tel Aviv International Student Film Festival. It was nominated at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and semi-finalists in the 44th Student Academy Awards.

Hasaki Ya Suda

Hasaki Ya Suda is a 2011 short film.

The year 2100. The global warming has caused massive droughts. They have led to conflicts and famines. The first victims of the global warming are the Southern populations. They immigrate to the North. Earth is reduced to one giant no man's land. The survivors have no choice but to return to original rites. All over the world, clans form. They fight for the last natural resources and fertile lands.


Naruto (season 2)

The second season from the anime series Naruto is directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio pierrot and TV Tokyo. Based on Masashi Kishimoto's manga series, the season follows Naruto Uzumaki succeeding the Chūnin Exams only to discover invasion of the Leaf Village.

The second season aired on November 12,2003

Libera Chat

Libera Chat, also known as Libera.Chat, is an IRC network for free and open source software projects. It was founded on 19 May 2021 by former Freenode staff members, after Freenode was taken over by Andrew Lee.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2016

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2016 was the fourteenth edition of the contest. It took place at the Mediterranean Conference Centre, Valletta, Malta on 20 November 2016, Maltanese broadcaster Public Broadcasting Services was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""Embrace"".

Below is a summary of the maximum 12 points awarded by each country's adult and kids jury. Countries in bold gave the maximum 24 points (12 points apiece from the adult and kids jury) to the specified entrant.

The first votes to be announced were those of the professional music industry jury, announced in the order of performance. The expert juries then announced their votes which had been cast live at the contest. Finally, the points awarded by the kids juries were announced as a total in order of the fewest to the greatest number of points received by each country. The spokespersons are shown below alongside each participating country.

Another Simpsons Clip Show

"Another Simpsons Clip Show" is the third episode of The Simpsons sixth season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on September 25, 1994. In the episode, the Simpson family talk about romance using episodes before this one. The episode was written by Jon Vitti. David Silverman is the director of the episode. It is the second clip show of "The Simpsons".

Marge reads "The Bridges of Madison County" and thinks that her marriage with Homer is not romantic anymore. Homer does not believe what she thinks. On the next day, she tries getting the family to talk about romance. They can only remember times their many relationships did not work out. These are shown as parts from episodes before this one. Homer then tells the family how he and Marge met. Their children do not want to listen and watch television while Homer and Marge kiss. 

This is the second clip show episode of "The Simpsons". The first clip show episode is "" from the 4th season. "Another Simpsons Clip Show" was written by Jon Vitti. He went with the name "Penny Wise" in the closing credits because he did not want to be known for writing the clip show. The episode was directed by David Silverman. The episodes that were shown in the clip show were made by John Swartzwelder, Frank Mula, David Richardson, Jeff Martin, Bill Oakley, Josh Weinstein, Matt Groening, Sam Simon, Al Jean, Mike Reiss, Jay Kogen, Wallace Wolodarsky, Nell Scovell, David M. Stern, George Meyer, Conan O'Brien, Robert Cohen, Bill Canterbury, and Dan McGrath. The Fox network wanted the producers of "The Simpsons" to make clip shows. This was because they needed less money to make than a normal episode. Producers thought four episodes in each season should be clip shows. This was so that they would not be stressed out on making a season with more episodes than normal. However, this was not done becuase they thought fans would not like the clip shows. The Fox network thought this could happen at first because it would cost less to make a clip show but they would still get just as much money as a regular episode in syndication.

Many fans of "The Simpsons" think that clip shows are the worst episodes of the show. TV Squad thought that it was made in a way that was still "worth watching" and was similar to a slideshow, but "not quite as boring". Other critics said it was "not the worst" clip show and that "the episode title pretty much says it all". Colin Jacobson from DVD Movie Guide thought that the episodes shown were good but that the clip show was not necessary.

Lisa talks about how romance was taken in a "hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney" and parts of it were later sold. This was used in studies on how organizations are shown in pop culture. The episode was talked about in Arab Strap's song "The First Big Weekend". One of the lyrics is "It was a really good episode about love always ending in tragedy except, of course, for Marge and Homer."


Jamison family deaths

The Jamison family were an American family from Eufaula, Oklahoma. 

Bobby, his wife Sherilynn, and their daughter Madyson disappeared on October 8, 2009.

The couple was thinking about buying some land near Red Oak, about from Eufaula, at the time of their disappearance. Their suspected dead bodies were found in November 2013 and were identified by the Oklahoma medical examiner on July 3, 2014. No cause of death was found and the reasons for their disappearance remain unknown.

Jim Fassel

James Edward Fassel (August 31, 1949 – June 7, 2021) was an American college and professional football player and coach. He was the head coach of the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) from 1997 to 2003. He was head coach, general manager, and president of the Las Vegas Locomotives. Fassel was born in Anaheim, California.

Fassel died on June 7, 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada from a heart attack, aged 71.

Poundbury

Poundbury is a new town outside of Dorchester in the county of Dorset, England. It is an experiment town built by prize-winning architect Léon Krier. It was planned and supported by Charles, Prince of Wales, on whose land it is built on (Duchy of Cornwall).

Its design is based on New Urbanist ideas. It is set to be finished in 2025. Around 6,000 people will live here.

David Howell, Baron Howell of Guildford

David Arthur Russell Howell, Baron Howell of Guildford, (born 18 January 1936) is a British Conservative politician, journalist, and economic expert. He was the Secretary of State for Energy and then for Transport under Margaret Thatcher's cabinet.

He also was Minister of State in the Foreign Office from the election in 2010 until 2012. In 2016, he became Chair of the House of Lords International Relations Committee.

London, Ontario truck attack

On June 6, 2021, a man drove a truck into a Muslim Pakistani Canadian family at an intersection in London, Ontario, Canada. Four people were killed, and another was wounded, all from the same family. 

The killing has been called a terrorist attack caused by Islamophobia by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.

Police charged 20-year-old Nathaniel Veltman with four counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder. They believe he planned the attack in advance.

Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan said it was a terrorist attack.

Sigrid the Haughty

Sigrid the Haughty also known as Sigríð Storråda was Queen Consort of the North Sea Empire, (Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and England) from her marriage to Erik the Victorious, though Sigrid may have actually been married to Sweyn Forkbeard.

Sigrid's existence is widely disputed, Sigrid may have actually been a Polish Princess named Świętosława of Poland or possibly Sigrid could have been another Pole named Gunhilda of Wenden. It also is possible Sigrid, Gunhilda or Świętosława had not existed, and Erik married Aud Haakonsdottir.

Sigrid probably died in Norway, her daughter Estrid continued Sigrid's legacy by having a son who became future king of the Danes.

According to the famous Swedish saga of "Heimskringla", Sigrid was the daughter of Skolgar Toste and an unknown mother. Sigrid was described as beautiful but unforgiving and uninterested in marriage.

She was a sought after bride for her beauty, which annoyed Sigrid who was still very vengeful of her past.

Once when Olaf Tryggvason of Viken proposed to Sigrid, Sigrid accepted but Erik of Sweyn told Sigrid she would have to convert to Christianity. Sirgid who was a devout Pagan and worshiped the old gods of Germania, rejected. Olaf in fury lashes Sigrid a few times with a stick or glove, Sigrid warns Olaf this might lead to his death.

Sigrid eventually married either Erik the Victorious, or Sweyn Forkbeard and had 3 children, Olof, Emund and Estrid. The rest of Sigrid's life remains unknown and she probably died in Norway.

Never Die Young (movie)

Never Die Young is a 2013 Luxembourgian documentary drama movie directed by Pol Cruchten. It was selected for Best Foreign Language Film for Luxembourg at the Oscars and was not nominated.

Little Secrets (2006 movie)

Little Secrets ("Perl oder Pica") is a 2006 Luxembourgian Austrian drama movie directed by Pol Cruchten and starring Ben Hoscheit, Anouk Wagener, Thierry van Werveke, André Jung.

Golden Edge

Golden Edge (formerly Golden 2) is a Latin American subscription television channel of Mexican origin, owned by Televisa, operated by its subsidiary Televisa Networks.

The channel was launched in 2003 as Golden 2 to complement the Golden channel in the Latin American market. On March 1, 2010 the channel was renamed Golden Edge.

The Actor and the Savages

The Actor and the Savages () is a 1975 Romanian family drama movie directed by Manole Marcus and starring Toma Caragiu, Mircea Albulescu, Tricy Abramovici, Ion Besoiu, Ioana Craciunescu, Mircea Diaconu

Dendropsophus luddeckei

Dendropsophus luddeckei is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 2000 and 4100 meters above sea level.

Mark Morrison

Mark Morrison (born 3 May 1972 in Hanover, West Germany) is a British R&B singer-songwriter. He began his singing career in 1993.

In 1995, Morrison had his first single "Crazy". That was a Top 20 around the United Kingdom. Another single was "Let's Get Down". That was also a Top 40 song. However, he became really successful in 1996 when his hit song, "Return of the Mack", hit #1 on the UK Singles Chart. "Return of the Mack" was also a major hit in the United States, Sweden and Canada.

In 1997, Morrison was nominated for several BRIT Awards. He was also nominated by the MTV Europe Music Awards and five Music of Black Awards.

In July 2020, McDonald's played the Morrison song "Return of the Mack" in its advertising in the UK.

Jon Husted

Jon A. Husted (born August 25, 1967) is an American politician. He has been the 66th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio since 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Bago River

Bago River is a river of southern Myanmar. It flows through Bago and Yangon. It arises from Bago Range and flows to Myitmakha River, which flows to Yangon River.There are two bridges across the Bago River which are connected between Yangon and Thanlyin Township.

Tha Pyay Kan

Tha Pyay Kan () Village is a village in Kawa Township, Bago Region, Myanmar. Almost all of the people are Burmese. It has a primary school for education. It is located near the Bago river. There are two Buddhist monasteries: East Tha Pyay Kan Monastery () and West Buddhist Monastery (). As of the 2014 census data, the population of the village is 1039. 

Functionalism (philosophy of mind)

Functionalism in the philosophy of mind is the doctrine that what makes something a mental state of a particular type does not depend on its internal constitution. But rather on the way it functions, or the role it plays, in the system of which it is a part. 
This doctrine is rooted in Aristotle's conception of the soul, and has antecedents in Hobbes's conception of the mind as a “calculating machine. But it has become fully articulated (and popularly endorsed) only in the last third of the 20th century. Though the term ‘functionalism’ is used to designate a variety of positions in a variety of other disciplines, including psychology, sociology, economics, and architecture, this entry focuses exclusively on functionalism as a philosophical thesis about the nature of mental states.

Philip Wong

Philip Wong Yu-hong (; 23 December 1938 – 6 June 2021) was a Hong Kong politician and businessman. He served as a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1991 to 2012. He was born in Quanzhou, Fujian, China.

Wong died of brain cancer on 6 June 2021 in the United States. He was 82.

Rimo-Cocoron

Rimo-Cocoron (Japanese:リモココロン, Hepburn: Rimoco Colon) is an Action game, developed & published by SCEI, which was released in Japan in 2001.

"Rimo-Cocoron" is a point-and-click with action elements.


Kari Wuhrer

Kari Samantha Wuhrer (born April 28, 1967 in Brookfield, Connecticut) is an American actress and singer. In the late 1980s, she was a cast member in MTV's "Remote Control.

Wuhrer played Ariel Hunter in the prime-time soap opera "Beverly Hills, 90210" during 1994–95.

In August 2000, Wuhrer posed semi-nude for the "Playboy" magazine as the "Babe of the Month".

Also in 2000, Wuhrer played a lip synching artist named Sunni in VH1's television movie "Lip Service" (also called "Out of Sync").

Barbara Baker

Barbara Avalon Baker is an Australian barrister and former judge. She was on the Federal Circuit Court of Australia from 2008 to 2021. In May 2021 she was announced as the next Governor of Tasmania after the retirement of Kate Warner.

Renato Iturrate

Hector Renato Iturrate Azócar (20 March 1922 – 7 June 2021) was a Chilean cyclist. He competed in the individual and team road race at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Iturrate was married to track athlete Eliana Gaete. He was born in Los Ángeles, Chile.

Iturrate died on 7 June 2021 in Santiago de Chile, aged 99.

Eliana Gaete

Eliana Gaete Lazo (born April 14, 1932) is a retired Chilean track and field athlete. Gaeta was born in Antofagasta, Chile. She earned gold medals in women's 80m hurdles at the 1951 and 1955 Pan American Games. She was married to Olympic cyclist Renato Iturrate.


Richard R. Ernst

Richard Robert Ernst (14 August 1933 – 4 June 2021) was a Swiss physical chemist. He was born in Winterthur, Switzerland. Ernst won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1991 for his works on the creation of Fourier transform Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) spectroscopy while at Varian Associates in Palo Alto, California.

Ernst was married to Magdalena until his death. Together, they had three children.

Ernst died on 4 June 2021 in Winterthur at the age of 87.


Pierre-Gilles de Gennes

Pierre-Gilles de Gennes (; 24 October 1932 – 18 May 2007) was a French physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1991.

In 1971, he became professor at the Collège de France, and participated in STRASACOL (a joint action of Strasbourg, Saclay and "Collège de France") on polymer physics.

His works focused on granular materials and the memory of the brain.

F. Sherwood Rowland

Frank Sherwood "Sherry" Rowland (June 28, 1927 – March 10, 2012) was an American Nobel Prize-winning chemist. He was a professor of chemistry at the University of California, Irvine. His research was on atmospheric chemistry and chemical kinetics. 

His best-known work was the discovery that chlorofluorocarbons role in ozone depletion.

He won the 1995 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Mario Molina and Paul J. Crutzen. Rowland worked as a professor at the University of California, Irvine.

Rowland died on March 10, 2012 in Newport Beach, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 84.

Tilly Hirst

Tilly Titihuia Rangimatau Hirst (née Vercoe; 17 September 1941 – 4 June 2021) was a New Zealand netball player. She was a member of the New Zealand team. She won the 1967 World Netball Championships. She played for the national team from 1967 until 1971.

Hirst died on 4 June 2021 in Rotorua, New Zealand at aged 79.

Rotorua

Rotorua ) is a city on the southern area of Lake Rotorua. It is in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island.

Warner Oland

Warner Oland (3 October 1879 – 6 August 1938) was a Swedish-American movie actor. 

He is best remembered for playing several Chinese and Chinese-American characters: Dr. Fu Manchu; Henry Chang in "Shanghai Express" and most notably Honolulu Police detective Lieutenant Charlie Chan. 

His career included time on Broadway and numerous film appearances, including 16 Charlie Chan films.

Sylvain Ducange

Sylvain Ducange (5 April 1963 – 8 June 2021) was a Haitian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. He was the Auxiliary Bishop of Port-au-Prince from 2016 until his death.

Ducange died on 8 June 2021 in Mirebalais, Haiti from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 58.

Neoaves

Neoaves is a clade. It includes all modern birds (Neornithes or Aves) except Paleognathae (ratites and kin) and Galloanserae (ducks, chickens and kin).

The implication of this is that the two exceptions may have originated from dinobird lines other than the great mass of birds. That is not proven, but it is suggested by this taxonomy.

Libuše Šafránková

Libuše Šafránková (7 June 1953 – 9 June 2021) was a Czech actress. Her husband was actor Josef Abrhám. She was born in Brno, Czechoslovakia. Her first movie role was as Popelka in the 1973 fantasy drama "Tři oříšky pro Popelku". She also starred in "Kolya" and "The Salt Prince".

Šafránková died on 9 June 2021 in Prague from lung cancer, aged 68.


Josef Abrhám

Josef Abrhám (14 December 1939 – 16 May 2022) was a Czech movie and theatre actor. He was born in Zlín, Czechslovakia. He is known for his stage performances with The Drama Club in Prague.

Abrhám was married to actress Libuše Šafránková until her death in 2021. He died in Prague, Czech Republic on 16 May 2022 from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 82.

Jim Cooper

James Hayes Shofner Cooper (born June 19, 1954) is an American politician. He was a member of the U.S. Representative for from 2003 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He represented from 1983 to 1995. 

In 1994, Cooper ran for the United States Senate, but lost the election to Republican attorney and actor Fred Thompson. In 2022, Cooper announced his retirement from Congress because of gerrymandering.

Dumitru Ivanov

Dumitru Ivanov (1 January 1946 – 4 June 2021) was a Moldovan politician. He was member of the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova from 2005 until 2009. He was born Chișinău, Moldova. Ivanov was a member of the Electoral Bloc Democratic Moldova.

Ivanov died on 4 June 2021 in Chișinău at the age of 75.

Vadim Cojocaru

Vadim Cojocaru (May 19, 1961 – June 7, 2021) was a Moldovan politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party and Alliance for European Integration. From 2009 until 2014, he was a member of the Moldovan Parliament.

Cojocaru died on June 7, 2021 in Chișinău, Moldova at the age of 60.


Buddhika Kurukularatne

Daluwatte Hewa Buddhika Kurukularatne (19 June 1943 – 9 June 2021) was a Sri Lankan journalist, author, lawyer, and politician. He represented the Galle District for the United National Party in the Parliament of Sri Lanka from 1989 until 1994. 

Kurukularatne died on 9 June 2021 in Colombo, Sri Lanka at the age of 77.


Douglas S. Cramer

Douglas Schoolfield Cramer (August 22, 1931 – June 7, 2021) was an American television producer. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. Cramer worked for Paramount Television and Spelling Television. Cramer was known for producing "", "The Brady Bunch", and "Dynasty".

Cramer died of heart and kidney failure on June 7, 2021 on Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts at the age of 89.

Conservative wave

The conservative wave (Spanish: "ola conservadora" Portuguese: "onda conservadora") or blue tide is a conservative political happening that started in the mid-2010s in Latin America. It was a reaction to the pink tide. The happening has been seen as declining since the late 2010s as as second pink tide has been seen happening.

After 10 years of left-wing government, the influence of the left began to decrease. In Argentina the conservative Mauricio Macri took the place of the Peronist Cristina Fernández de Kirchner in 2015. In Brazil there was Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached with Michel Temer taking her job in 2016. In Peru the conservative economist (person who studies economics) Pedro Pablo Kuczynski took the job of the President before him, Ollanta Humala. In Chile, the conservative Sebastián Piñera took the job of socialist Michelle Bachelet in 2018. In 2018 Jair Bolsonaro was elected President of Brazil, and in 2021, the conservative banker Guillermo Lasso was elected President of Ecuador.

These events in Latin America are similar to other happenings around the world, such as the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States in 2016. The increase of evangelicals in Latin America may have helped start up the conservative wave.

However in late 2010 and early 2020, the elections of left-wing presidents in Chile, Honduras, Colombia, Argentina, Mexico and Peru saw a comeback of the Pink tide and the end of the Conservative wave.

Below are right-wing and centre-right presidents who have held office in Latin America since 2010 during this wave. Centre-right presidents are marked with *.

The Swan Princess

The Swan Princess is a 1994 American-Russian animated musical movie. The movie has the voice talents of Jack Palance, John Cleese, Steven Wright and Sandy Duncan.

In the United States, "The Swan Princess" was distributed under New Line Cinema. Outside the United States, the distributor was DreamWorks Pictures.

"The Swan Princess" was released on November 18, 1994. The critics' reviews for the movie were mixed. It only took in $9.8 million over a $21 million budget. That meant the movie had a substandard box office intake. However, the movie later became popular with video releases. It has since received nine sequels, which were released in 1997, 1998, 2012, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020.

The theme song "Far Longer than Forever" was sung by Regina Belle and Jeffrey Osborne. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 1995 for the Best Original Song.

Roger Ebert from the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave "The Swan Princess" three out of four stars. Gene Siskel, Ebert's fellow movie critic, gave the movie a substandard review. He labeled the songs in the movie weak. Under Rotten Tomatoes, "The Swan Princess" has a 50% approval rating.

Palaeognathae

The Palaeognathae, or paleognaths (from Ancient Greek "palaió-" "old" + "gnáthos" "jaw") is one of two living clades of birds: the other is the Neognathae. Together, the two clades make up the clade Neornithes. 

Palaeognathae includes five living branches of flightless birds (plus two extinct clades), called ratites, and one flying lineage, the Neotropic tinamous.

There are three extinct groups that are undisputed members of Palaeognathae: the Lithornithiformes, the Dinornithiformes (moas) and the Aepyornithiformes (elephant birds). 

Mesites

Mesites are small birds which only occur on Madagascar. They are flightless, or near-flightless. There are three species, in two genera. The IUCN has classified them as near-threatened. The IUCN estimates that there are only about 145.000 birds left. They look like doves.

The mesites are forest and scrubland birds that feed on insects and seeds. The brown and white-breasted mesites forage on the ground, gleaning insects from the leaves and under them, as well as low vegetation. The subdesert mesite uses its long bill to probe in the soil. Other birds, such as drongos and flycatchers, will follow mesites to catch any insects they flush and miss. Mesites are vocal birds, with calls similar to passerine song, used for territorial defence. Two or three white eggs are laid in a stick-nest located in a bush or low branch. The "Mesitornis" species are monogamous while "Monias benschi" is polygamous and unlike the other two shows significant sexual dichromatism.

There are two genera, "Mesitornis" (2 species) and "Monias" (subdesert mesite).

Historically, mesites phylogenetics relations were not very clear and have been allied with the Gruiformes, Turniciformes and Columbiformes.

Recent phylogenomic studies support Pterocliformes (sandgrouse) as the sister group of mesites while some more recent studies place this clade with another clade constituted of Columbiformes and Cuculiformes (cuckoos).

Suliformes

Suliformes is an order of aquatic birds. In the order, there are adaptations of the feet, which make them good at swimming: there's a thin layer of skin between the toes. 

The order contains the following families:

Eurypygiformes

Eurypygiformes is an order formed by the kagus, comprising two species in the family Rhynochetidae endemic to New Caledonia, and the sunbittern ("Eurypyga helias") from the tropical regions of the Americas. Its closest relatives appear to be the tropicbirds of the tropical Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific oceans.

Dendropsophus manonegra

Dendropsophus manonegra is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 400 and 1200 meters above sea level.

Citadel of Namur

The Citadel of Namur (French: "Citadelle de Namur") is a citadel in the city of Namur in Belgium.

The citadel is located where the Meuse and Sambre rivers come together. It is one of the biggest citadels in Europe and dates from the Roman Empire. It has been rebuilt multiple times and reaches a height of 190 meters.


Divine Intervention (movie)

Divine Intervention () is a 2002 Palestinian Moroccan French German black comedy movie directed by Elia Suleiman (who also stars) and also starring Menashe Noy, Manal Khader, Denis Sandler Sapoznikov.


Cariamiformes

Cariamiformes is a group of birds. There's one existing family, the seriemas. It contains two genera, with one species each. The seriemas live in the open landscapes of South America. They are running birds who can still fly. Both species are carnivores.

Blood Wedding (1977 movie)

Blood Wedding () is a 1977 Moroccan drama movie directed by Souheil Ben-Barka and was based on the play of the same name by Federico Garcia Lorca. It stars Irene Papas, Laurent Terzieff, Djamila, Doghmi Larbi, Souad Jalil, Izza Gennini.

Rekha

Rekha (Bhanurekha Ganesan,born 10 October 1954) is a Indian actress. She has acted in 182 movies. She has a National Film Award and three Filmfare Awards. In 2010, she got Padma Shri. Her first Hindi movie was "Sawan Bhadon" (1970). Rekha became a member of the Rajya Sabha in 2012. Her first Hindi movie was Sawan Bhadon (1970). She was one of the leading stars in 1980s and early 1990s.

Rekha born in Madras (presen Chennai)South Indian actors Gemini Ganesan and Pushpavalli, when the couple were unmarried. Rekha did not reveal her family background until mid-1970.Her mother was busy in movies, Rekha stayed with her grandmother. Asked in an interview by Simi Garewal about her father, Rekha believed he was never even aware of his father existence.

Her first movie Sawan Bhadon(1970) was successful. Other movies like "Raampur Ka Lakshman" (1972), "Kahani Kismat Ki" (1973), and "Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye" (1974) and Dharmatma (1975) were also became hit. Rekha's first good role was with Amitabh Bachchan's in "Do Anjaane(1976)".

Queen of Hearts (2019 movie)

Queen of Hearts is a 2019 Danish drama movie. It was selected as the Danish entry for the Best International Feature Film in the 92nd Academy Awards. However, it was not nominated. The movie won a 2019 Nordic Council Film Prize.

Anne is the lawyer working on the prosecution of a rape case. She is married to a physician named Peter. They have two daughters, Frida and Fanny. Peter has a teenage son named Gustav from a different marriage. Gustav lives in Sweden with his mother Rebecca. 

One day, Anne returns home and finds there was a burglary. The crime is reported to the police. After, she finds an item in Gustav's laundry. It was in her bag. The item had been stolen during the burglary. Anne realizes Gustav was responsible for the robbery. She angrily meets Gustav with the evidence. Anne, though, promises to keep the matter a secret if Gustav does his part in the household. One night, Gustav brings his girlfriend Amanda home. Anne hears the couple having sex. She is aroused.

"Queen of Hearts" is rated NC-17 because of some sexual content by Motion Picture Association of America.

Under Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a 97% approval rating. Guy Lodge of the "Variety" magazine

The movie won nine Robert Awards. Those included the Best Danish Film. It won four Bodil Awards for the same thing.

Lion tamer

A lion tamer is a person responsible for the taming and training of lions, either for protection or for use in entertainment such as the circus.

Bugchasing

Bugchasing is trying to get HIV through sex. People who try to get HIV are called bugchasers, and they are all men who have sex with men. It is not entirely understood why people try to get HIV, and bugchasing actions are hard to understand. It is rare.

Bugchasers are men who have sex with men and purposely try to get HIV. It is not understood why this happens. 

There are four common explanations.
First, it is thought that some men become bugchasers because they fear HIV infection, which had previously changed how they have sex. This can include things like men abstaining from sex entirely, only having sex with one person, or using sexual protection like condoms. Second, some men think having HIV is sexy. This means it can feel good to think about it, or that it is the ultimate taboo to overcome.
Third, bugchasers might think having HIV makes them part of a group.
And fourth, bugchasing might be an action against heteronormativity, the idea that everyone is heterosexual. The idea is that bugchasers do not achieve some expectations placed on them, including safe sex. There is a fifth possible reason—suicide—but this is not clear or very helpful.

Either way, people only rarely call themselves bugchasers, and they only try to get HIV even more rarely. This behavior does not entirely fit in with their identity. This means that bugchasing actions are rarely based on persons known to have HIV and having sex with them. Instead, a lot of bugchasers have sex in ambiguous situations, where they do not know if their partners have HIV. In 2005, researchers said there was no empirical evidence that bugchasing existed; they said that bugchasing as an idea and an activity existed, but it was rare.


Magna Carta: Tears of Blood

Magna Carta: Tears of Blood known in South Korea as Magna Carta: Crimson Stigmata and also in Japan and Europe as only Magna Carta is a role-playing video game, developed by Softmax, and published by Banpresto (Japan), Atlus (North America and Australia), and 505 Games (Europe). It is sequel to "". The game later ported to the PlayStation Portable, called Magna Carta Portable, in 2006.

The Last Assault

The Last Assault (; English: We, on the Front Lines) is a 1985 Romanian World War II movie directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu (who also stars) and also starring George Alexandru, Anda Onesa, Valentin Uritescu, Ion Besoiu, Ștefan Iordache, Mircea Albulescu, Emil Hossu.

86 (term)

Eighty-six or 86 is U.S. English slang. It means to get rid of by refusing to serve. When an establishment does not want to let you in, and wants to get rid of you, it gives an excuse, such as:

In gang language:

In rhyming language:

Tango Bar

Tango Bar is a 1987 Puerto Rican Argentine drama movie directed by Marcos Zurinaga and starring Raul Julia, Valeria Lynch, Rubén Juárez, Mabel Dai.

Mermaid Prism

Mermaid Prism, is an visual novel video game for the PlayStation 2. The game was developed by Vingt-et-un Systems and published by D3 Publisher exclusively in Japan on October 26, 2006.

A visual novel is an interactive fiction game, featuring mostly static graphics, most often using anime-style art or occasionally live-action stills (and sometimes video footage). As the name might suggest, they resemble mixed-media novels. In Japanese terminology, a distinction is often made between visual novels proper (abbreviated NVL), which consist predominantly of narration and have very few interactive elements, and adventure games (abbreviated AVG or ADV), which may incorporate problem-solving and other types of gameplay. This distinction is normally lost outside Japan, where both NVLs and ADVs are commonly referred to as "visual novels" by international fans. Visual novels and ADVs are especially prevalent in Japan, where they made up nearly 70% of the PC game titles released in 2006. Visual novels are distinguished from other game types by their extremely minimal gameplay. Typically the majority of player interaction is limited to clicking to keep the text, graphics and sound moving (most recent games offer "play" or "fast-forward" toggles that make even this unnecessary). Most visual novels have multiple storylines and many endings; the gameplay mechanic in these cases typically consists of intermittent multiple-choice decision points, where the player selects a direction in which to take the game.

Simple 2000 Series Vol.122 - The Ningyo Hime Monogatari - Mermaid Prism is a japanese dating sim, this female-targeted love simulation puts players in the role of a high school student that one day gets warped to a separate world, becoming a mermaid along the way! Good thing she was a member of her school's swimming club! The game allows players to move around on a map, viewing events and gaining experience. The Limited Edition features a Drama CD, 28 pages book and some illustrations.

For women love training simulation with the motif of the "Little Mermaid". Allocates points to each status to level up, can nurture the hero of their own preference. Hero of high school grade, skipped in a different world Sea Bence Fall in conjunction with the best friend from, it becomes a princess mermaid in the world. Long summer vacation going back and forth a different world and reality begins now.

Internationalist Theatre

Internationalist Theatre is a multi-racial and multi-national London theatre company founded by Angelique Rockas in April 1981 to perform great plays (usually cast with actors with standard English and cockney accents )performed by actors from all races and nationalities performing in their own country`s accent. "The Stage". The company was originally named New Internationalist Theatre.

Resistance to diversity casting was expressed by 'Time Out ' magazine with regard to 'Mother Courage', "the casting only inspires a whole host of irreverent questions: what on earth, say, is an American sergeant doing in seventeenth century Europe? And how did a Pakistani chaplain get into the Swedish army?" The Pakistani actor referred to was the Asian Parsi actor Renu Setna. The "Financial Times" questioned 'Liolà'`s multi-national casting "do we really need this peculiar medley of Italian accents for the English premiere? The problem is compounded by the commitment ... to a multi-national cast ... English, German, Sicilian, and Italian actors produce widely differing versions of the Latin lilt".
Internationalist Theatre was granted charity status in 1986.



"Internationalist Theatre staged dramas written in " continental, non-realistic, symbolically orientated drama of this century (20th) and ... proved most uncongenial to the tunnel visioned repertoire builders" of British theatre of that period." Nicolas de Jongh, "The Guardian"


Sterling Heights, Michigan

Sterling Heights is a city in Michigan, United States. As of 2020, about 134,000 people live there.

Brawl Stars

Brawl Stars is a multiplayer online battle arena game developed by Supercell. The game was launched worldwide on December 12, 2018, for IOS and Android.

Game modes such as Trophy Thieves, Basket Brawl, Volley Brawl, Hold the Trophy, Lone Star, and Takedown are not currently in rotation.

Brawlers are characters that can be selected by players, each with different abilities. These brawlers fall into a trio, characterized by similar themes. 
Brawlers can be unlocked by collecting credits. The amount of credits required to unlock a brawler depends on its rarity. Order of rarities from common to least common is as follows: common, Rare, Super Rare, Epic, Mythic, Legendary. Chromatic is a special rarity with Chroma Credits, the amount of Chroma credts needed to unlock a chromatic brawler decreases every season, as the rarity of the chromatic brawler decreases with each season There is 1 chromatic brawler that is unlockable for free from purchasing the Brawl Pass. Credits are obtained from the brawl pass, Chroma Credits are obtained from the free side of the brawl pass.

Killing of Zohra Shah

Zohra Shah () was an eight-year-old Pakistani domestic worker (or slave) of a married couple, Hassan Siddiqui and Umme Kulsoom. She was tortured and killed for mistakenly releasing her employers’ parrots in Bahria Town, Rawalpindi on 1 June 2020. Her death caused an outcry in Pakistan and led to legislative changes which outlawed child domestic labour in the country.

She was from Basti Maso Shah in Muzaffargarh District of southern Punjab approximately 580 kilometres from the capital, Islamabad.

Allegedly, she was murdered for releasing valuable parrots from their cages. Evidence such as 'older scars and marks' suggest Shah had been repeatedly abused while working for Siddiqui and Kulsoom, and 'wounds on her thighs' were 'consistent with sexual assault'.

Siddiqui and Kulsoom were arrested and put on judicial remand.

Witham (UK Parliament constituency)

Witham is a constituency in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. It was created in 2010. Since then it has been represented by Priti Patel. Patel is a member of the Conservative Party. She was the Home Secretary between 2019 and 2022 in the cabinet of Boris Johnson.

The constituency was made in 2010 following changes to the borders of constituencies in Essex.

2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup Final

The 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup Final was a final that was played on at the Suwon World Cup Stadium, Suwon, South Korea on 11 June 2017. The final was contested by Venezuela and England. England won the match 1–0, winning the title for the first time. This was the first ever final for both England and Venezuela in the history of the tournament.

This was England's first appearance and victory in the final of a global football tournament since their senior World Cup victory in 1966. Their previous best at the U-20 World Cup was third place in 1993.

For Venezuela it was only the second appearance at the U-20 World Cup, previously in 2009 they only managed to go as far as the second round.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>



Azerbaijan National Conservatory Music College

The Baku Musical College (now the Azerbaijan National Conservatory Music College) is a state college of professional secondary education in Baku and one of the most important secondary music schools of Azerbaijan.

Baku Musical College is a four-year special secondary school. About 1,400 students study and 400 pedagogues teach there. More than 8,000 musical personnel studied in this college since its foundation. Nazim Kazimov, "Honored Art Worker of Azerbaijan" is a chairman of the college.

In 1885, Antonina Yermolayeva, alumni of the Moscow Conservatory, opened a private music school with the support of her sisters Yelizaveta and Yevgeniya. Antonina Yermolayeva became director of the school. Musical classes under the Baku department of the "Musical Union of Russia" were opened on the basis of this school in 1901. Antonina Yermolayeva was in charge of them too. Education in these classes were professional. In 1916, musical courses were transformed into a musical school. Pedagogical staff of the school mainly consisted of alumnus of Russian conservatoires. Education was based on the curriculum which was accepted in Saint Petersburg and Moscow, in the beginning of the 19th century. In 1922, Uzeyir Hajibeyov, the most famous Azerbaijani composer, led the school. New faculties, where foundation of theory and play on Eastern instruments was also taught along with the European instruments, were opened during Uzeyir Hajibeyov's direction (1922-1926 and 1939-1941). In 1953, the school was named after Asaf Zeynally, an Azerbaijani composer and pedagogue.


2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup

The 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the nineteenth edition of the FIFA U-20 World Cup. It ran from 21 June to 13 July 2013. France won the tournament and their first U-20 World Cup, and thus became the first nation to win all five FIFA 11-a-side men's titles (FIFA World Cup, FIFA Confederations Cup, FIFA U-20 World Cup, FIFA U-17 World Cup, and Olympic gold medal).

At the deadline date of 17 January 2011, three member associations confirmed they would be bidding for the event. Neither Turkey nor Uzbekistan had ever been hosts to a FIFA competition, while the United Arab Emirates were hosts of the U-20s in 2003.


In addition to host nation Turkey, 23 nations qualified from six separate continental competitions.
To mark the one year countdown date to the competition, FIFA, as well as members of the Turkish FA, announced that the emblem would be presented to the media on 25 June 2012 at Ciragan Palace Mabeyn Hall in Istanbul. Details of the ticketing access were made publicly available on 30 November 2012.

Host city logos for each participating stadium were shown to the general public on 20 March 2013, with each taking inspiration from their surroundings. The official logo included an Evil Eye protector, worn or hung inside Turkish homes to bring luck.

The mascot for the tournament was called Kanki, a blue-eyed Kangal puppy.

The official theme song for the tournament was "Yıldızlar Buradan Yükseliyor", which is translated as "Building Bridges for Rising Stars", performed by Turkish rock band Gece.

The final draw was held at the Grand Tarabya Hotel in Istanbul on 25 March 2013, at 19:00 .

On 12 February 2013, FIFA announced the procedure of the draw. The 24 teams were divided into four differing pots:


Prior to the draw, Turkey was assigned to position C1, and Spain was assigned to Group A. As a basic principle, teams from the same confederation could not be drawn against each other at the group stage, except in Group A where there were two teams from UEFA.

As the CAF U-20 Championship was not completed at the time of the draw, a separate draw took place at the tournament's conclusion on 30 March in Oran, Algeria to determine the groups where the second, third and fourth-placed CAF teams would play in.
The 23 referee trios were announced by FIFA on 13 May 2013.
Teams had to name a 21-man squad (three of whom had to be goalkeepers) by the FIFA deadline. The squads were announced by FIFA on 14 June 2013.

The winners and runners-up from each group, as well as the best four third-placed teams, qualified for the first round of the knockout stage (round of 16).

The ranking of each team in each group was determined as follows:


If two or more teams were equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings were determined as follows:


All times are local, .

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
"Note: drawing of lots was used to determine the final positions of Greece and Paraguay, as the two teams finished level on points, goal difference, goals scored, and head-to-head record."

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The four best teams among those ranked third were determined as follows:

In the knockout stages, if a match was level at the end of normal playing time, extra time was played (two periods of fifteen minutes each) and followed, if necessary, by a penalty shoot-out to determine the winner, except for the play-off for third place, where no extra time would be played as the match was played directly before the final.

The following awards were given out after the conclusion of the tournament:











The winners were the first team to receive an updated version of the trophy, with Rebecca Cusack and Thomas R. Fattorini of Thomas Fattorini Ltd, Birmingham taking over from Sawaya & Moroni as suppliers of FIFA competitions.

A “vanishing spray” made its FIFA debut (versions were already in use in CONCACAF and CONMEBOL competitions) during this tournament, with referees using it to denote the ten-yard mark for an opposing defence at time of free kicks.





Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 was the fifthteenth edition of the contest. It took place at the Olympic Palace, Tbilisi, Georgia on 26 November 2017, Georgian broadcaster Georgian Public Broadcaster (GPB) was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""Shine Bright"".

On 9 August 2017, it was confirmed that sixteen countries would take part in the contest. Portugal marked their first appearance since , while Bulgaria and Israel withdrew.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received from each country's professional juries.

2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup

The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 18th FIFA U-20 World Cup. Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011. The tournament was won by Brazil who claimed their fifth title.

The venues that were confirmed on 29 September 2010 are located in Bogotá, Cali, Medellín, Manizales, Armenia, Cartagena, Pereira and Barranquilla.

During an announcement about the ticketing procedures for Colombian residents, it was confirmed that the opening game would be held at the Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez in Barranquilla, with the Estadio El Campín hosting the final match.

In addition to host nation Colombia, 23 nations qualified from six separate continental competitions.
The draw for the group stage was held on 27 April 2011, at the Julio Cesar Turbay Ayala Convention Centre in Cartagena. The seedings were as follows.

The winners and runners-up from each group, as well as the best four third-placed teams, will qualify for the first round of the knockout stage (round of 16).

Where two or more teams end the group stage with the same number of points, their ranking is determined by the following criteria:


Ranking of third place teams in each group are determined by the following criteria, top four advances to the round of 16:


"All times are in local, Colombia Time ()."

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>







The following awards were given:

In late 2009 the Colombian Football Federation unveiled the budget for conducting the event, to be COP 150 billion (US$75 million). On 30 September 2009, the presidents of both FIFA and Colombia announced that the logo would show a steaming cup of coffee with the colours of the Colombian tricolour.

Prior to the start of the tournament, the Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez in Barranquilla hosted the Opening Ceremony, involving local musical performances and guests including Jorge Celedón, Barranquilla's Carnival Performers, Checo Acosta and Maía.

The Estadio El Campín in Bogotá hosted the Closing Ceremony. The show was managed by the Ibero-American Theater Festival and Teatro Nacional de Colombia and, like the opening ceremony, included musical performances.


Myron Floren

Myron Floren (November 5, 1919 – July 23, 2013) was an American musician best known as the accordionist on "The Lawrence Welk Show" between 1950 and 1980. Floren came to prominence primarily from his regular appearances on the weekly television series in which Lawrence Welk dubbed him as "the happy Norwegian", which was also attributed to Peter Friello.


2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup

The 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 17th edition of the FIFA U-20 World Cup which was hosted by Egypt. The competition was from 24 September to 16 October 2009. The tournament was initially going to take place between 10 and 31 July. The 2009 Confederations Cup was played mid year resulting in both the 2009 Under-20 and the Under-17 World Cup being played towards the end of the year. The cup was won by Ghana after they defeated Brazil on a penalty shoot-out in the final.

Only players born on or after 1 January 1989 were eligible to compete in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

Twenty-three teams qualified for the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup. As the host team, Egypt received automatic entry to the cup, bringing the total number of teams to twenty-four for the tournament.

Teams were allocated to groups on the basis of geographical spread. Teams were placed in four pots, and one team was drawn from each pot for each group. Pot 1 contained the five African teams plus one from CONMEBOL; Pot 2 contained the remaining teams from the Americas excluding one CONCACAF team; Pot 3 consisted of teams from Asia and Oceania plus the remaining CONCACAF team; Pot 4 consisted of teams from the European confederation.
The draw for the group stages was held on 5 April 2009 at Luxor Temple. Each group winner and runner-up teams, as well as the best four third-placed teams, qualified for the first round of the knockout stage (round of 16).












Phaethontiformes

The Phaethontiformes is a order of birds. It contains the existing tropicbirds, and its extinct relatives.

Underdogs (2013 Argentine movie)

Underdogs (known as Metegol in Argentina and The Unbeatables in the United Kingdom) is a 2013 Argentine Spanish British French American adventure comedy movie directed by Juan José Campanella and starring Horacio Fontova, Fabián Gianola, Lucía Maciel, David Masajnik, Pablo Rago, Diego Ramos, Miguel Ángel Rodríguez.

Dendropsophus mapinguari

The Mapinguari clown tree frog ("Dendropsophus mapinguari") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The Red Violin

The Red Violin () is a 1998 Canadian Italian American British Austrian drama movie directed by François Girard and starring Samuel L. Jackson, Carlo Cecchi, Sylvia Chang, Jason Flemyng, Greta Scacchi, Jean-Luc Bideau, Colm Feore. It won an Academy Award in 2000.

Tetete's tree frog

Tetete's tree frog ("Boana tetete") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Peru and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 180 and 420 meters above sea level.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It likes to sit on plants a few feet above flooded areas. It has large eyes and discs on its toes for climbing. For a South American tree frog, it is medium sized.

This frog is a sister species to "Boana alfaroi". The frog is named after the Tetete people, indigenous people who lived in the Amazon until about 1970.

P-pop Idol

A P-pop idol (also called P-idol, Pinoy pop idol, Pinoy idols or Filipino idol) is a Filipino singer and dancer that works in P-pop music industry, similar to what Japanese idols are to J-pop.

P-pop idols may be members of a band, but are mostly soloists. They are strongly affected by pop culture from Korea, Taiwan, China and Japan. There are two waves or generations of idols.

During the 2000s and 2010s, the genres of J-pop, K-pop and C-pop began to spread to Western countries. K-pop spread to Southeast Asia and created a huge influence on the Filipino entertainment industry.

P-pop groups imitate many characteristics of J-pop, K-pop and C-pop to become famous, including: fashion style, choreography, music arrangement, etc. However, overseas music sales are not growing as quickly as expected. P-pop trending groups include: Bini, BGYO, SB19 and 1st.One.

In addition, the Japanese group AKB48 brand once decided to expand its reach to Philippines in 2018 and released the group MNL48.

1 generation


Thirst (1961 movie)

Thrist () is a 1961 Romanian drama movie directed by Mircea Drăgan and Mihai Iacob. It stars Mircea Balaban, Ion Besoiu, Flavia Buref, George Calboreanu, Jules Cazaban, Ilarion Ciobanu.

Pinoy idol (disambiguation)

Pinoy idols may refer to: 


Love In, Love Out

Love In, Love Out: A Compassionate Approach To Parenting Your Anxious Child is a 2020 book by Malie Coyne. It was first published on July 23, 2020, through HarperCollins.

"Love In, Love Out" is a book by Malie Coyne, a top Irish child psychologist, that serves as a parenting guide to comprehending and recognizing the varying types of anxiety that children undergo during their course of development. It also details how children could develop adaptive coping strategies to manage their anxiety. The book draws from key psychological concepts and prominent case studies.


Ahmad al-Khatib

Ahmed bey al-Khatib (June 12 1933 - February 7 1975) was a Syrian politician who was President. He was executed in 1975 at the age of 41 after joining the opposition. He was succeeded by Hafez al-Assad. 

Nureddin al-Atassi

Nureddin Mustafa Ali al-Atassi ( "Nūr ad-Dīn Muṣṭafā al-'Atasī"; 11 January 1929 – 3 December 1992) was a Syrian politician, he was also President and Prime Minister. He got arrested in 1971 for criminal activity in a coup as he was released in 1990 he died 2 years later.

Duncan Pegg

Duncan Andrew Pegg (27 June 1980 – 10 June 2021) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Labor Party. He served as the member for Stretton in the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 2015 until his death in 2021. He was born in Townsville, Queensland.

Pegg was diagnosed with cancer in 2019. On 22 April 2021, Pegg said he would be resigning to have treatment for cancer. He died on 10 June 2021 at the age of 40. His death caused a by-election for Stretton.

I Always Wanted to Be a Saint

I Always Wanted to Be a Saint () is a 2003 Luxembourgian Belgian drama movie directed by Geneviève Mersch and starring Marie Kremer, Thierry Lefevre, Jeannine Godinas, Francisco Pestana.

Live It Up (Tulisa song)

Live It Up is a song recorded by English singer and songwriter Tulisa, and features guest vocals from American rapper Tyga. The song was released as the second single from her debut studio album, "The Female Boss" (2012), and was released on 9 September 2012. The song's sound is very different to her debut single "Young" and is more hip hop and R&B oriented.

The song was announced as Tulisa's second single on 24 July 2012. Tulisa told "Capital FM": "This is now me going back to me and trying to define myself as an artist because I knew I wanted a number one hit as my first release. I got that with 'Young', so I went even more urban with this second single. I don't expect it to even possibly get top ten it's that urban, but you never know. The fanbase could pull through, the N-Dubletts could pull through, and it is a smash but it's an urban smash and I know that in the UK these days it is a lot tougher with urban music."

Digital download

Promotional CD single

Invasion (2014 movie)

Invasion () is a 2014 Panamanian Argentine documentary movie directed by Abner Benaim. It is based on the invasion of Panama in 1989.

Afro-Spaniards

Afro-Spaniards are black people who live in Spain.

Mascogos

Mascagos are African Americans who went to Mexico to escape American slavery.

Afro-Germans

Over 1 million black people live in Germany. Black people were persecuted in Nazi Germany for their race and ethnicity along with Gypsies and Jews.

Black Indians in the United States

Black Indigenous Americans are African Americans who have Native American ancestry. Many Indigenous peoples of the Eastern Woodlands, such as the Narragansett, Pequot, Wampanoag and Shinnecock, as well as people from the nations historically from the Southeast, such as Seminole, Creek and Cherokee, have a significant degree of African and often European ancestry as well.

Creoles of Color

The Creoles of color are a historic ethnic group of Creole people that developed in the former French and Spanish colonies of Louisiana (especially in the city of New Orleans), Mississippi, Alabama, and Northwestern Florida in what is now the United States. French colonists in Louisiana first used the term "Creole" to refer to whites born in the colony, rather than in France. It was also used for enslaved people born in the colony.

Black Seminoles

The Black Seminoles or Afro-Seminoles are black Indians associated with the Seminole people in Florida and Oklahoma. They are mostly blood descendants of the Seminole people, free blacks and of escaped slaves (called maroons) who allied with Seminole groups in Spanish Florida. Many have Seminole lineage, but due to the stigma of having dark skin, they all have been categorized as slaves or freedmen.
Historically, the Black Seminoles lived mostly in distinct bands near the Native American Seminole. Some were held as slaves, particularly of Seminole leaders, but the Black Seminole had more freedom than did slaves held by whites in the South and by other Native American tribes, including the right to bear arms.
Today, Black Seminole descendants live primarily in rural communities around the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma. Its two Freedmen's bands, the Caesar Bruner Band and the Dosar Barkus Band, are represented on the General Council of the Nation. Other centers are in Florida, Texas, the Bahamas, and northern Mexico.

International Times

International Times (it or IT) is the an English underground newspaper founded in London in 1966.The paper's logo is a black-and-white image of Theda Bara, vampish star of silent films.Irish poet Niall McDevitt was first online editor succeeded "by" Heathcote Williams. Current editor-in-chief is Nick Victor. Other editors are Elena Caldera, Claire Palmer, and David Erdos.

"International Times" was launched on 15 October 1966 at The Roundhouse.It was indication of social and cultural revolution that was parallel in the States.In April 1967, the police raided the offices of "International Times.The paper continued to grow, with financial help from Paul McCartney.It became the leading British underground paper with circulation around 40,000 copies in 1969."

Sea Monsters: A Prehistoric Adventure

Sea Monsters: A Prehistoric Adventure is an action-adventure video game developed by Atomic Planet and released in 2007 for the Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, and Wii consoles. The game is based on the National Geographic documentary film series "" directed by Sean MacLeod Phillips.

In the oceans of earth millions of years ago, danger was never far away and monsters lurked in every shadow. Experience this astounding world by playing as six different prehistoric marine reptiles, each with special skills - from extreme speed to thick armor and powerful crunching jaws. Start your adventure in an area of inland sea that will only get more dangerous as time passes.


Phantasy Star Generation: 2

Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17: Phantasy Star Generation: 2 (SEGA AGES 2500シリーズ Vol.17 ファンタシースター generation:2) is the seventeenth entry in the Sega Ages 2500 series for the PlayStation 2.

This game is much like "", except that it stands as a remake of "Phantasy Star II". Like the first "generation" a number of tweaks were made to bring it in line with more modern RPGs, and the graphics and sound have been updated.

Also included is an emulated version of the Mega Drive "Phantasy Star II" (the Japanese version).

"Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17: Phantasy Star Generation: 2" is the seventeenth entry in the Sega Ages 2500 series for the PS2. Similarly to the , this game is a modern remake of Phantasy Star II including new graphics, sounds, and gameplay. Also included an emulated version of the Mega Drive Phantasy Star II.

Phantasy Star II is the second installment in Sega's acclaimed Phantasy Star series and serves as a sequel to the original Phantasy Star for the Master System. Phantasy Star II takes place 1,000 years after the events of its predecessor and follows the journey of a government agent named Rolf and his friends, who are on a mission to discover why the protector of the planet Mota, Mother Brain, has started malfunctioning.



Kbye

"kbye" is a song recorded by Filipino boy group Alamat. It was released digitally on February 14, 2021 by Viva Records. Composed by Jason Paolo Laxamana, the track is described as a dance and R&B song with an upbeat pop music. The song is also about the love, and saying goodbye to your first love. The instruments used is a traditional instruments from the Philippines.

On February 17, 2021 the song was perfomed in Wish Connect Interview. The band was performed as eight members before Kin leaving the group and this is their first debut stage.

BNK48

BNK48 (read "B.N.K. Forty-eight" or Bangkok48) is an Thai idol girl group and the third international sister group of Japan's AKB48, following Indonesia's JKT48 and China's SNH48.

Mimigumo is the first BNK48 sub-unit group released on September 1, 2019.

Vyra (formerly known as Lyra) is the second BNK48 sub-unit group, consisting of 6 members. They were chosen to be trained by Universal Music Thailand and debuted on October 7, 2020. The group currently has 5 members and was renamed Vyra on March 12, 2021.



Himesh Reshammiya

Himesh Reshammiya is an Indian singer and Bollywood film composer. His first movie as an actor was in Aap Kaa Surroor which was released in 2007. Himesh started his career as a music director in the film Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya in 1998.

Before completely starting his career as a film composer, he was a television producer where he used to produce popular Daily Soaps, such as: "Andaz", "Ahha", "Aman", "Aashiqui", "Amar Prem" and "Jaan" for Zee TV.

Reshammiya, along with his father Vipin Reshammiya, has produced and distributed movies under the banner HR Musik Limited.

Oksana Voevodina

Oksana Andreyevna Voevodina (; born 10 July 1992 in Astrakhan), also known as Rihana Oksana Gorbatenko (Рихана Оксана Горбатенко) and Xenia Diaghileva or Ksenia Dyagileva (Ксения Дягилева), is a Russian model and Miss Moscow 2015 beauty pageant winner.

On 22 November 2018, Voevodina married Sultan Muhammad V of Kelantan, who is also the 15th Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King) of Malaysia. Oksana gave birth of their son Tengku Ismail Leon Petra bin Tengku Muhammad V Faris Petra on 21 May 2019. On 22 June 2019, Muhammad V divorced Voevodina.

Phantasy Star Generation: 1

Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 01: Phantasy Star: Generation:1 (ファンタシースター ジェネレーション1 in Japanese) Is a role-playing game published by Sega and developed by 3D Ages. This is a remake of the first title in the Phantasy Star series and happens to be the first title in the Sega Ages 2500 series.

The game takes the basics and the gameplay of Phantasy Star while bringing a lot of novelty. First of all, the graphics have been improved and the music reworked. Then, the developers also took advantage of the DVD support to enrich the scenario by adding many dialogue scenes. The cutscenes are represented by fixed and refined illustrations.

Initially, a European and American release had been planned, accompanied by the remakes of Phantasy Star II and IV in a single compilation. However 3D Ages has ceased game development for the Sega Ages 2500 series and no Phantasy Star IV remakes are planned. Sega then focused on compilations of this saga. It seems that this title will remain a Japanese exclusive. As Phantasy Star Generation: 1 is the first volume of the Sega Ages 2500 series, it is part of a somewhat special packaging. The game is accompanied by a binder where collectors can store SEGA Ages 2500 game files. Indeed, the first 20 volumes of this series are accompanied by a small file where the origin of the titles is explained in detail. and also contains an interview with the developers.

Phantasy Star is set in Algol, a solar system consisting of three planets. There is the lush and green Palma, the arid and barren Motavia, and finally, the icy and desolate Dezoris. As the story begins, Algol is ruled by King Lassic, who while originally benevolent, becomes a cruel dictator after converting to a new religion. After a string of harsh political changes, small pockets of rebellion emerge, but are mostly ineffective against Lassic's iron rule. When Nero, the leader of one such rebellion, is killed by Lassic's robot-cops, his sister Alis swears revenge.

"Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 01: Phantasy Star: Generation 1" is the first in the "Sega Ages 2500 Series" and is a complete remake of the original Phantasy Star that includes new graphics, sounds, and gameplay.


Antz World Sportz

Antz World Sports is a sports game developed by M4 Limited and published by L.S.P for the Game Boy Color platform. "Antz World Sportz" was never released in the United States, it was instead only released in European countriesin 2001 and is based on the film of the same name.

Meet the Antz World Sportz challenge, and experience the excitement of ant-thlete sportz - down to the tiniest detail!

- Meet your favourite Antz characters once again: Z, Princess Bala, Weaver and General Mandible will all be joining the games!

- 8 world-class sportz activities designed on an insect scale for the Antz colony, including a 100 millimetre race, cotton swab javelin throw, Antz-style street skating and the wild termite "bull-riding" rodeo, plus many others just waiting to be discovered.


Antz Racing

Antz Racing is a racing video game developed by RFX Interactive and published by Acclaim Entertainment in United States & Electronic Arts in Europe it was released in 2001 for Game Boy Color based on the computer animated film "Antz" produced by DreamWorks.

This game represents the racing challenge between 6 main characters (Z, Bala, Weaver, Mandible, Cutter, and Azteca). Each character has own racing machine as well as parameters for Resistance, Holding, and Speed. There are two game modes: Quick Race and 4 Seasons Championship. During Quick Race player choose the season and the track based on random selection. During 4 Seasons Championship player should win each race to earn a password and progress further. The gameplay represents a race between four drivers in top third-person view on several laps. Player should control selected driver, collect different power-ups, speed up, avoid obstacles, jump in machine, shoot, etc. to win a race. When damage level of the machine reaches its critical point, the machine will stop for some time to be repaired. The game has three difficulty levels and is available in English, German, Dutch, Spanish, French, and Italian languages.

A sequel called by "Antz Extreme Racing" were released for the Microsoft Windows, Xbox, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance

It's up to you to find all the pieces to the map that will lead you to "iINSECTOPiA"!

Featuring your favorite characters from the hit movie Antz - Z, Bala, Weaver, Colonel Cutter, Azteca and General Mandible.

Zoom around in zany vehicles like the sardine can, nutshell and more!

Race through 5 different locations based on Antz environments.


Murder of Shauna Howe

Shauna Melinda Howe (July 11, 1981 – October 27, 1992) was an 11-year-old girl from Oil City, Pennsylvania, who was murdered in October 1992. She was abducted and murdered after her kidnappers threw her off a bridge. In September 2006, her murderers were caught and charged with murder.

After Shauna Howe was killed, the city council banned trick-or-treating for 15 years. It was unbanned in 2008, two years after her murderers were caught. 

SN 1006

SN 1006 was a supernova that was probably the brightest stellar event in recorded history. 

It got to about −7.5 visual magnitude, more than sixteen times the brightness of Venus. This "guest star" was described by observers across China, Japan, Iraq, Egypt, and the continent of Europe. Modern astronomers now think its distance from Earth was about 7,200 light-years.

It was likely a white dwarf star that had been pulling matter off an orbiting companion star. When the white dwarf mass exceeded the stability limit (known as the Chandrasekhar limit), it exploded. 

The Jet Age of Tomorrow

The Jet Age of Tomorrow (or The Super 3) is an American production duo from Atlanta, Georgia that is made up of producer-singer Matt Martians, and producer-rapper Pyramid Vritra.













Gundi Busch

Gundula "Gundi" Busch (April 29, 1935 – January 31, 2014) was a German figure skater. Busch was born in Milan, Italy.

She was the 1954 World champion, the 1954 European champion, and a two-time West German national champion. She also was part of the 1952 Winter Olympics.

Busch died on January 31, 2021 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 78.

Paula Sémer

Paula Sémer (9 April 1925 – 1 June 2021) was a Belgian actress and politician. She was a member of Forward. She was a member of the Senate of Belgium from 1995 to 1999. She worked for VRT. She was born in Antwerp, Belgium.

Sémer died on 1 June 2021, aged 96.

Ernie Lively

Ernie Lively (born Ernest Wilson Brown Jr.; January 29, 1947 – June 3, 2021) was an American actor and acting coach. He was known as the father of actors Eric Lively and Blake Lively. Lively was born in Baltimore, Maryland. Lively may be best known for his roles in "Passenger 57", "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" and "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2".

Lively died on June 3, 2021 from heart failure in Los Angeles, aged 74.

Verín

Verín is a town and municipality in the southeast of the province of Ourense, autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.

Addo Bonetti

Addo E. Bonetti (April 4, 1926 – June 6, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1967 to 1979, as a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Torrington, Connecticut.

Bonetti died on June 6, 2021 in Torrington at the age of 95.

James B. Brennan

James Butler Brennan (February 1, 1926June 5, 2021) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician. Brennan was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

He was United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin during the presidencies of John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from 1959 until 1961.

Brennan died on June 5, 2021 in Milwaukee, aged 95.

Gérard Vergnaud

Gérard Vergnaud (8 February 1933 – 6 June 2021) was a French mathematician, philosopher, educator, and psychologist. Vergnaud was a professor emeritus of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique in Paris. He was known for his creation of the Theory of Conceptual Fields. He was born in Doué-la-Fontaine, France.

Vergnaud died on 6 June 2021 in Paris, aged 88.


Saint-Jean-de-Sixt

Saint-Jean-de-Sixt is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Vera Zelinskaya

Vera Zelinskaya (26 August 1944 – 6 June 2021) was a Russian movie production designer. She was known for her works on "Window to Paris", "Time for Sorrow Hasn't Come Yet" and "Of Freaks and Men". Zelinskaya was born in Novosibirsk, Russia.

Zelinskaya died in Saint Petersburg, Russia on 6 June 2021, aged 74.

Villaroger

Villaroger is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Ben Roberts (actor)

Bennett "Ben" Roberts (1 July 1950 – 7 June 2021) was a Welsh actor. He was known for his role as Chief Inspector Derek Conway in the ITV British television series "The Bill". Roberts was born in Bangor, Gwynedd, Wales. His career lasted from 1978 until 2019.

Roberts died on 7 June 2021, aged 70.

Édith Moskovic

Édith Moskovic (12 August 1931 – 8 June 2021) was a Hungarian-born French Holocaust survivor and activist. In 2009, she was made a knight of the Legion of Honor. Moskovic was sent to the Camp du Récébédou from 1941 until 1942, when she escaped after bribing the guards.

Moskovic died on 8 June 2021 in Montpellier, France at the age of 89.

Landry, Savoie

Landry is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Peisey-Nancroix

Peisey-Nancroix is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Dale Danks

Alney Dale Danks Jr. (August 27, 1939 – June 9, 2021) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He was the Mayor of Jackson, Mississippi from 1977 to 1989. Until 1995, he was a member of the Democratic Party.

Danks died as a result of a stroke on June 9, 2021 in Jackson at the age of 81.

He first became the mayor of Jackson, Mississippi, in 1977. He was a Democrat at that time. In 1981, he won the election to be the mayor of Jackson again. In 1989 he lost the mayor office to J. Kane Ditto.

Robert Katzmann

Robert Allen Katzmann (April 22, 1953 – June 9, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from 1999 until his death. He was nominated by President Bill Clinton. Katzmann was also the circuit's chief judge from 2013 until 2020.

Katzmann was born in New York City. He studied at Columbia University, Yale University and Harvard University. Katzmann died on June 9, 2021 at a New York City hospital from pancreatic cancer, aged 68.

Diogo Oliveira (footballer, born 1983)

Diogo Correa de Oliveira, or Diogo (8 April 1983 – 9 June 2021), was a Brazilian professional footballer. He played as a forward. He was born in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil. He played for playing with Flamengo, Consadole Sapporo and Tokushima Vortis. His career lasted from 2002 until 2015.

Diogo died on 9 June 2021, when his motorcycle crashed in Maringá, Paraná state, Brazil at the age of 38.

Valentina Sidorova

Valentina Vasilyevna Sidorova (; 4 May 1954 – 9 June 2021) was a Soviet fencer. She won a gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics and a silver in the same event at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born in Moscow.

Sidorova died on 9 June 2021 in Moscow, aged 67.

Geoffrey Edelsten

Geoffrey Walter Edelsten (2 May 1943 – 11 June 2021) was an Australian medical businessman. He founded Allied Medical Group. He was born in Melbourne. His net worth was $63 million in 2012. In 1990, he went to jail for the assault a former patient. Edelsten was the first private owner of a major Australian football team, the Sydney Swans, which he bought in 1985.

Edelsten was found dead at his Melbourne apartment on 11 June 2021, aged 78.

Douglas Cagas

Douglas Cagas (1944 – 10 June 2021) was a Filipino politician. He was born in Digos. Cagas was a member of the House of Representatives from 1998 until 2007. Between 2007 and 2013 he was Governor of Davao del Sur. He became governor again in 2016. Cagas was a member of the PDP–Laban Party.

Cagas died at a hospital in Digos on 10 June 2021 from COVID-19, aged 76–77.

Digos

Digos is a city and capital of the province of Davao del Sur, Philippines. The city lies on the western shores of the Davao Gulf and southern foothills of Mount Apo on the island of Mindanao. It became a city in 2000.

Buddhadeb Dasgupta

Buddhadeb Dasgupta (11 February 1944 – 10 June 2021) was an Indian movie director, producer, screenwriter and poet. He was known for his movies "Bagh Bahadur", "Tahader Katha", "Charachar" and "Uttara". He won National Film Award for Best Direction twice, for "Uttara" (2000) and "Swapner Din" (2005). He was born in present-day Purulia District, West Bengal.

Dasgupta died on 10 June 2021 at a hospital in Kolkata from kidney disease, aged 77.

Neno (footballer)

Adelino Augusto da Graça Barbosa Barros (27 January 1962 – 10 June 2021), known as Neno, was a Portuguese professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He appeared in 242 Primeira Liga games during 15 seasons. He was known for playing with Vitória de Guimarães and Benfica. Neno also played for the national team from 1989 until 1996.

Neno died in Guimarães, Portugal on 10 June 2021 at the age of 59.

Haico Scharn

Helprich Haico Stephanus Adrianus Scharn (18 June 1945 – 10 June 2021) was a Dutch middle-distance runner. He competed at Helsinki's 1971 European Athletics Championships in the 1500 m. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, again in the 1500 m. He finished in fourth place at the 1974 European Athletics Championships in Rome. He was born in Gemert, Netherlands.

Scharn died in Culemborg, Netherlands on 10 June 2021, one week before his 75th birthday.

Dingko Singh

Ngangom Dingko Singh (1 January 1979 – 10 June 2021) was an Indian boxer. He won the gold medal at 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok. He was born in Manipur, India. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2013. He also participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Singh died on 10 June 2021 from liver cancer in Manipur, aged 42. He had recovered from COVID-19 before his death.

Larisa Shoygu

Larisa Kuzhugetovna Shoygu (, 21 January 1953 – 10 June 2021) was a Russian politician. She was a Deputy of the State Duma from 2007 until her death. She was a member of United Russia. Shoygu was born in Chadan, Soviet Union.

Shoygu died on 10 June 2021, at a hospital in Moscow from a stroke caused by COVID-19, aged 68.

Sanyika Shakur

Sanyika Shakur (born Kody Dejohn Scott; November 13, 1963 – June 6, 2021), also known by his former street moniker Monster or Monster Kody, was a former member of the Los Angeles gang the Eight Tray Gangster Crips. He got his nickname when he beat a robbery victim until he was disfigured. He wrote a 1993 memoir called "". He was born in Los Angeles.

Shakur was found dead in a homeless tent in Oceanside, California on June 6, 2021 at the age of 57.

Paola Pigni

Paola Pigni (30 December 1945 – 11 June 2021) was an Italian middle and long-distance runner. She was a three-time world champion in cross country. She held the world record over five distance running events on the track, from 1500m to 10,000m. She won the bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Pigni was born in Milan.

Pigni died on 11 June 2021 in Rome from a heart attack, aged 75.

Lucinda Riley

Lucinda Kate Riley (; 16 February 1965 – 11 June 2021) was a Northern Irish writer and actress. She was born in County Down, Northern Ireland. She was known for her roles in "The Story of the Treasure Seekers" (1982), "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet" (1983) and "Jumping the Queue" (1989).

Riley died on June 11, 2021 in Lisburn, Northern Ireland from cancer at the age of 55.


Lisburn

Lisburn (; ) is a city in Northern Ireland. It is southwest of Belfast city centre. It had a population of 45,370 people in the 2011 Census.

2020–22 North American drought

Drought developed in the Midwestern, Western and Northeastern United States during summer 2020. States especially hard hit by drought were Iowa, Nebraska, Colorado, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Wyoming, New Mexico and Nevada.

In 2021, drought conditions improved in the Northeast. However, they got worse in the Western United States. As of June 2021, "nearly the entire region (97 percent) was facing abnormally dry conditions." Drought conditions also affected large areas of Mexico and Canada.

The drought conditions of 2020 were associated with a very strong La Niña pattern that had developed in the Pacific Ocean. Across several sections of North America, the dry problems extended to 2022.

By Fall 2020, drought in the Western U.S. was the worst since a similar drought seven years earlier.

The 2020–21 drought was described by some as the worst drought in modern history in the Western U.S.

By late spring 2021, dry conditions had expanded to almost the entire state of California and to nearby Nevada.

Iowa got widespread rain during September 2020. It improved the dry conditions in the eastern part of the state. However, the western part of the state had severe-to-extreme drought. The conditions lasted past 2020 and well into 2021. By late spring 2021, northeastern, northern and central Iowa were back under dry conditions.

The 2020–21 drought also affected Michigan, south-central Wisconsin, most of North Dakota and South Dakota.

In northeastern Illinois near the Chicago metropolitan area, May 2021 was the driest since 2012. As of June 1, 2021, Chicago had only gotten barely half an inch of rain due to dry conditions in the area.

By late August/early September 2020, dry conditions across several parts of the United States had worsened. The New England states and New York were under severe or extreme drought.

The Northeastern United States were out of drought conditions by June 2021.

By June 2021, moderate drought conditions had developed in Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina and Florida.

As of April 2021, Mexico was under one of the most widespread droughts in its history. Almost 85% of the country had drought conditions.

As of spring 2021, extreme drought threatened the Canadian Prairies in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. These areas had gone through an abnormally dry fall and spring.


Patrick McGoohan

Patrick Joseph McGoohan (March 19, 1928 – January 13, 2009) was an Irish-American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He was known for his roles in "Danger Man" and "The Prisoner". He won two Primetime Emmy Awards and a BAFTA.

David Heyman

David Jonathan Heyman (born 26 July 1961) is an English movie producer and the founder of Heyday Films. He is known for producing the "Harry Potter" movie series. Heyman also received three nominations for the Academy Award for Best Picture for "Gravity", "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood", and "Marriage Story".

Warwick Davis

Warwick Ashley Davis (born 3 February 1970) is an English actor and television presenter. He is known for his roles including the title character of "Willow" (1989), the main villain in the "Leprechaun" movie series (1993–2003), many characters in the "Star Wars" movie series (1983–2019) and Professor Filius Flitwick and Griphook in the "Harry Potter" film series (2001–2011).

David Yates

David Yates (born 8 October 1963) is an English movie director. He is best known for directing the last four movies in the "Harry Potter" series. 

Bini (group)

Bini (stylized in all caps) is an eight-member Filipino girl group formed by ABS-CBN Star Hunt Academy. The group consists of Aiah, Colet, Maloi, Gwen, Stacey, Mikha, Sheena, and Jhoanna. Their pre-debut single "Da Coconut Nut" was released on November 20, 2020. The group officially debuted on June 4, 2021 with the single "Born to Win".

On November 6, 2020, the group released their first ever Pre-debut single and other content such as teaser release, Lyric Video, Music Video, Pre-debut documentary and more. They also trained through the Korean Training System led by MC Doctor before the pandemic and Pinoy Training system led by Direk Lauren Dyogi and Star Hunt Academy Staff. They were also introduced as a pre-debut girl group and Apperanced on ABS-CBN TV shows, and went viral with their first single "Da Coconut Nut" Performance on Its Showtime.

On December 4 the group signed and became the new face in Star Magic, the group is officially an artist in Star Magic and they are already preparing for their upcoming debut this year.

In May 2021, the group announced and released teasers for their upcoming debut. The group is also confirmed to have their official debut in June according to ABS-CBN. The group officially debuted and released their first single "Born To Win" on June 4, 2021.





Darnella Frazier

Darnella Frazier (born March 23, 2003) is an African-American woman, who won the "2021 Special Citation and Award" from the Pulitzer Prize board. The board stated that she was receiving this award Her prize has sometimes been called "an honorary Pulitzer Prize".

In 2020 she got the 2020 PEN/Benenson Courage Award from PEN America.

Darnella Frazier was born in Saint Paul and grew up there. She went to Roosevelt High School in Minneapolis. She has several siblings. 

Frazier was a high school junior (or in the 11th grade) at the time of Floyd's murder.

Bini

Bini may refer to:


Rambo: First Blood Part II

Rambo: First Blood Part II is a 1985 American action movie directed by George P. Cosmatos and is the second movie in the "Rambo" franchise. It stars Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Charles Napier, Steven Berkoff, Julia Nickson, Martin Kove, George Cheung and was nominated for 1 Academy Award in 1986. The movie won 4 Razzie Awards and was nominated for 3 Razzie Awards in 1986.


Douglas Ley

Douglas A. Ley (July 3, 1958 – June 10, 2021) was an American academic and politician. He was the majority leader of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 2018 until 2020. He was elected to the state house in 2012 as a Democrat. Ley was a history professor at Franklin Pierce University.

Ley died at his home in Jaffrey, New Hampshire on June 10, 2021 from esophageal cancer, aged 62.

Jaffrey, New Hampshire

Jaffrey is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 5,320 at the 2020 census.

Risuke Otake

Otake died in Narita on June 6, 2021 at the age of 95.


Martin D. Ginsburg

Martin David Ginsburg (June 10, 1932 – June 27, 2010) was an American lawyer. He was the husband of American lawyer and U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. He taught law at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C.. Ginsburg was born in New York City.

Ginsburg died on June 27, 2010 from cancer in Washington, D.C. at the age of 78.

Rambo III

Rambo III is a 1988 American action movie directed by Peter MacDonald and is the third movie in the "Rambo" franchise. It stars Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Marc de Jonge, Kurtwood Smith, Spiros Focás, Sasson Gabai, Doudi Shoua and was distributed by TriStar Pictures.

The movie shows fictional events that take place during the Soviet-Afghan War. In the movie, Rambo goes on a risky mission to Afghanistan to save his former commander and best friend, Col. Sam Trautman, from a very strong Soviet Army colonel. The colonel wants to kill both Trautman and Rambo. At the same time, Rambo helps a group of Afghan rebels who are fighting against the Soviet forces. The Soviet forces are a threat to the rebels' village, and Rambo wants to stop them from destroying it.


Bonneval-sur-Arc

Bonneval-sur-Arc is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Bourg-Saint-Maurice

Bourg-Saint-Maurice is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Novel, Haute-Savoie

Novel is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Miannay

Miannay is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The Man Who Loved Women (1977 movie)

The Man Who Loved Women () is a 1977 French romantic comedy-drama movie directed by François Truffaut and starring Charles Denner, Brigitte Fossey, Nelly Borgeaud, Geneviève Fontanel, Leslie Caron. It was distributed by United Artists and is a remake of the 1983 movie of the same name.

Dubno

Dubno () is a city in Rivne Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Dubno Raion (district). In 2020, around 37,464 people lived there.

Kremenchuk

Kremenchuk (; ) is a city in Poltava Oblast (province) of central Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Kremenchuk Raion (district). It is an important industrial city and 219,022 people lived here in 2020. Although not as large as some other oblast centers and cities of regional significance, Kremenchuk has importance as a large industrial center in Ukraine and Eastern Europe.

Sloviansk

Sloviansk (; ) is a city in Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Sloviansk Raion (district). In 2020, 108,363 people lived there.

As of 2022's first quarter, "There is an important chemical industry, and manufactured products have included machinery, furniture, and pencils", according to Encyclopedia Britannica; Furthermore, saline springs "and mud springs, rock salt, and coal has made [... the city, a] health resort and industrial town", media said; Furthermore, the city "has a teacher-training institute", media said.

Derailment

Derailment takes place when a rail vehicle such as a train comes off its rails. Although most derailments are minor, all result in temporary damage of the proper operation of the railway system and they are a potentially serious danger.

A derailment of a train can be caused by a crash with another object, an operational error, the mechanical failure of tracks, such as broken rails, or the mechanical failure of the wheels. In emergency situations, on purpose derailment with derails or catch points is sometimes used to stop a more serious accident from taking place.

Boana ventrimaculata

The Yasuní tree frog ("Boana ventrimaculata") is a frog that lives in Ecuador and Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 64 and 1035 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 44.5 to 60.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 72.9 to 90.5 mm long. They live in forests that can be flooded or dry. This frog is the color of dark or light coffee.

This frog's name, "ventrimaculata", has the Latin word for "stain" in it. This is because the frog looks like it has coffee stains on its skin.

Da Coconut Nut

"Da Coconut Nut" was a digital single by Bini as the group's pre-debut single. It was released on November 20, 2020 as a digital single by Star Music. The single is intended to pay homage to Maestro Ryan Cayabyab, a Filipino singer-composer and a National Artist.

Bini's version of this iconic novelty song was given a new flavor, upbeat, fun and light. It is a genre-bending Original Pilipino Music or P-pop infused with electronic music elements.

Credits adapted from the description of Bini's "Da Coconut Nut" music video:



Paddington tube station (Bakerloo, Circle and District lines)

Paddington is a London Underground station that is in the Bakerloo, Circle and District lines. It is located on Praed Street to the south of Paddington mainline station and has entrances from Praed Street and from inside the mainline train station. On the Bakerloo line the station is between Warwick Avenue and Edgware Road and on the Circle and District lines it is between Bayswater and Edgware Road. It is in London Fare Zone 1.

The station can be divided in two parts: underground platforms, opened in 1868 and deep-level platforms, opened in 1913. It is one of two separate Underground stations of the same name. The other station, to the north of the mainline station, is in the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines. Although shown on the London Underground map as a single station, the two stations are not directly linked and exchange between them is via the merge of the mainline station.


Brave Girls

Brave Girls (브레이브걸스) is a four-member girl group under Brave Entertainment. They debuted on April 8, 2011 with the single "The Difference".

On April 8, 2011, Brave Girls officially debuted with the single album "The Difference" as a five-member girl group. On the same day, they performed on "Music Bank" and continued their promotions with the title track "Do You Know" on various music shows like "Inkigayo" and "M! Countdown". On June 8, they released the music video for the b-side "So Sexy".

The group released their first mini album "Back To Da Future" on July 29, 2011. The music video for the title track "Easily" was released on the same day. A remix single for the song "Easily" titled "Easily (Remix)" was released on August 26, 2011.

On February 22, 2012, Brave Girls released their second mini album "", along with the music video for the title track "These Days You".

Their second digital single "For You" was released on August 13, 2013. The song only featured the original members Hyeran and Yujin.

On December 26, 2013, the collaboration digital single "Passing of the Year" was released with Brave Girls (Hyeran and Yujin) and fellow labelmates Electroboyz, BIGSTAR & Park Soo Jin as the participating artists.

On February 3, 2016, it was revealed that three original members (Eunyoung, Seoah, and Yejin) had left the group with an addition of five new members: Minyoung, Yoojung, Eunji, Yuna, and Hayoon. The group would continue as a seven-member girl group and was revealed to have been in the final stage of preparations for their comeback. On February 10, it was announced that the their comeback would be on February 16. On February 16, they released their third digital single "Deepened" along with its music video.

On June 21, 2016, Brave Girls released the first teasers for their third mini album, "High Heels", which was released on June 27.

The group released the digital single "Yoo-Hoo" on September 1, 2016.

On September 27, 2016, a crowdfunding project through Makestar was opened to help fund their next comeback. On October 11, the project had reached its goal and was to stay open until November 30.

On January 13, 2017, Brave Entertainment announced that member Yujin would be leaving the group while Hyeran would go on an indefinite hiatus due to her health worsening. The following month, it was revealed the group would be making a comeback in March as a five-member group. A comeback schedule was released on February 27, 2017 for their fourth mini album, "Rollin'", which was released on March 7, 2017.

On March 17, 2017, Yujeong went into a temporary hiatus as she had been hospitalized with acute enteritis and had to rest. The group then proceeded as a four-member group until Yujeong was better.

In August 2017, it was confirmed that members Yujeong, Eunji, and Yuna would be joining alongside fellow labelmate and boy group BIGSTAR on the idol rebooting show "The Unit".

On August 1, 2018, Brave Brothers teased the group's upcoming comeback with a new version of "Rollin'". On August 11, 2018, their agency announced that member Hayun would be sitting out of the comeback due to health reasons and that they would continue on as four. Their digital single, "Rollin' (New Version)" was released later that same day.

On August 5, 2020, it was announced that the group would be making a comeback on August 14, over two years since their last release. Their sixth digital single titled "We Ride" was released on August 14, 2020.

In late February 2021, a fan-edited compilation video of the group performing "Rollin'" became viral which ended up making the song reach the top of many Korean charts for the first time in their career. As a result, the group returned to music shows to perform the song and making appearances on variety shows as well. It was also revealed, by the member Yujeong, that they were about to disband right before the viral; the members had already left the dormitory when it happened.

On March 12, 2021, "Rollin" had officially achieved a perfect all-kill on the Korean music charts. On March 14, 2021, the group took their first-ever music show win on "Inkigayo".

On April 1, 2021, it was confirmed that the group is preparing on a summer comeback. On the April 9 episode of MBC's "Home Alone", Brave Brothers confirmed that he is working on a mini album that would possibly be released in June.




Viva Records (Philippines)

Viva Records Corporation (also known as Viva Music Entertainment) is a Philippine record label owned by Viva Entertainment.


Viva Records (disambiguation)

Viva Records may refer to:



Choi Hyun-suk

Choi Hyun-suk (Korean: 최현석; born April 21, 1999) is a South Korean rapper and one of two leaders alongside Park Ji-hoon of boy group Treasure under YG Entertainment. The group made their official debut on August 7, 2020 with the lead single, "Boy". He is also known for his television appearances as a contestant on reality-survival programs "Mix Nine" and "YG Treasure Box."

Seyfert's Sextet

Seyfert's Sextet is a group of galaxies. It is located about 190 million light years away from Earth. From Earth, it is in the constellation of Serpens. Although appears to have 6 members, one of the galaxies, NGC 6027d, is just a background galaxy and another member, NGC 6027e, is actually not a galaxy, it is just the tidal tail from the galaxy NGC 6027. All of the galaxies are violently interacting and will continue hundreds of millions of years. They all will collide into one giant elliptical galaxy.

The group was discovered by Carl Keenan Seyfert in using photographic plates made at the Barnard Observatory of Vanderbilt University. The results were published in 1951. At the time, this group is the most compact galactic group ever identified.

There are 4 true members of the group, 1 background galaxy and 1 object that is now identified to be a tidal tail.

NGC 6027

NGC 6027 is a lenticular galaxy. It is the brightest member of the Seyfert's Sextet, a compact galaxy group. It is located 190 million light years away from Earth in the constellation of Serpens. It was discovered by Édouard Stephan in 1882.


CP Lee

Christopher Paul Lee (19 January 1950) was a British musician, author, broadcaster, lecturer, writer and actor from Manchester, England.

Lee was born in Didsbury, south Manchester. He was a writer, broadcaster, lecturer and performer who started playing in the North West folk and beat clubs of the 1960s with his band Greasy Bear and became a linchpin of the punk rock and new wave explosion with his next band Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias (other members included Jimmy Hibbert, Bruce Mitchell, Les Prior, Bob Harding, Simon White, Ray "Mongo" Hughes, Tony Bowers, John Scott, Ged Green and Captain Mog). In 1977 Lee wrote the "snuff-rock" musical "Sleak", which ran for several months in London's Royal Court Theatre and the Roundhouse. It subsequently had a run at Privates in New York City in 1980, directed by Des McAnuff, he meeting with Oingo Boingo, Joan Jett and Pete Shelley, when they saw their show. They funded by The Police, The Clash and Queen. Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias split up in 1983 after releasing three albums. Lee then wrote and performed a tribute show of routines by Lord Buckley, first in Manchester and later in other places including Amsterdam, New York, Los Angeles, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Kuwait, Manama, Paris, Rome, Munich, Toronto, Montreal, Calgary and London. He also worked as a music journalist.

In July 1979, Lee and John Scott released their debut album as "Gerry & the Holograms". The title track is claimed by some to be have been ripped off by New Order's "Blue Monday".

In April 1980, Gerry and the Holograms released their second single, "Dolphin Song". The title track is claimed by some to have been ripped off by The Cure's "The Caterpillar".

"When We Were Thin" (published August 2008) is a personal memoir in which Lee recounts how he produced one side of the first Factory Records release, ate muffins with Danny Elfman, drove a table with Wreckless Eric, Elvis Costello and Chris Sievey for a day.

Lee's other works included books about Bob Dylan, one of which, "Like The Night (Revisited)", focuses on the shout of 'Judas' aimed at Dylan at his Manchester Free Trade Hall performance in 1966, which was the climax of Martin Scorsese's documentary of Dylan, "No Direction Home". Another book, "Shake, Rattle & Rain", is adapted from his PhD thesis on Manchester music-making.

CP Lee retired after being a course leader in film studies and senior lecturer at the University of Salford, and continued writing and presenting talks, as well as documentaries for BBC Radio and TV.


SM Shafiuddin Ahmed

SM Shafiuddin Ahmed is a Bangladeshi general. He is the current 17th Chief of Army Staff (CAS) of the Bangladesh Army and former General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the Army Training and Doctrine Command. He served as the Director General of Bangladesh Institute of International and Strategic Studies (BIISS). He was the President of Army Golf Club. He also served as the Director of Military Training (DMT) of Bangladesh Army .He is the Quartermaster general (QMG) of Bangladesh Army. On 10th of June 2021, General Shafiuddin Ahmed, has been appointed as Chief of Army Staff (CAS) for three years starting 24th of June 2021.

Ahmed was commissioned in the 4th Battalion the East Bengal Regiment of Bangladesh Army on 23 December 1983 in the 9th Bangladesh Military Academy Long Course. He served as Battalion Commander in 1st Bangladesh Battalion of Bangladesh Military Academy (BMA) and commanded an Infantry Brigade. He also served as the Director of Military Training in Military Training Directorate at the General Staff Branch, Army headquarters. He served as the General Officer Commanding & Area Commander of the 19th Infantry Division & Ghatail Area in 2012. He also served a the Director General of Bangladesh Institute of International and Strategic Studies (BIISS). Also served as the Chief of Doctrine of Army Training & Doctrine Command (ARTDOC).

Ahmed served as a Deputy Force Commander of MINUSCA. He served as a Senior Directing Staff (SDS) at National Defense College, GOC of 19th Infantry Division and the GOC of the Area Commander of Logistics Area. On 25 August 2019, he was promoted to Lieutenant General and made the GOC of the Army Training and Doctrine Command. He is the chief Patron of Bangladesh International School and College.

The Hunchback of Notre Dame: Topsy Turvy Games

The Hunchback of Notre Dame (the Microsoft Windows version is known as The Hunchback of Notre Dame: Topsy Turvy Games) is a game that was released in 1996 by Disney Interactive for Microsoft Windows and Game Boy. It was the second title in the company's GameBreak! series after GameBreak! Timon and Pumbaa's Jungle Games. Tiertex adapted the game for SNES, Game Boy, and Super Game Boy, which were published by THQ.

Mobygames describes the gameplay thus:It starts with a colourful, really animated, and festive introduction. The environment is the Notre Dame Cathedral front yard, where the festival and games take place. Sounds and music from the movie are always there. The games are presented by those three funny Disney's gargoyles, which may also give some support. Games can be played by one or two players bringing more fun when with family and friends. Escalating levels challenge players of all ages! But there is also an option for difficulty. Riddles, cream battles, bowling, are some of the topics of the games included.

"Coming Soon" Magazine gave the game 87 out of 100, concluding "Although Hunchback of Notre Dame was first designed for children, the game might appeal as well for adults with its remarkable design. Not only do the graphics look sterling, but also the soundtrack plays admirably with the original music from the film. At no time you will get bored in the game. The hilarious commentaries from the gargoyles will keep you awake, and even the loading sequences feature small animations. Rarely has a game for children been so well made, and no doubt it will be another smash hit for Disney Interactive." "Entertainment Weekly" described it as having less "charm and originality" than Savoy Pictures' "The Adventures of Pinocchio", ultimately giving it a B-

Electric Playground gave the game a score of 8 out of 10.






River (disambiguation)

A river is a body of water.

River may also refer to: 


Sight of You

"Sight of You" is a song recorded by English singer and songwriter Tulisa. Taken as the third single from the singer's debut studio album, "The Female Boss" (2012). The single was released on 2 December 2012, a day before the release of the album. The song was co-written by Tulisa and Terius "The-Dream" Nash and was produced by The-Dream.

On 11 September 2012 Tulisa revealed that her new single would be a "Christmassy ballad" that would "stand the test of time", without revealing the track's title. Ater the announcement, she visited the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge, where she performed an album track which was also a ballad called "Skeletons". Due to this, it was assumed that "Skeletons" was the song that Tulisa was describing. However, on 8 October 2012, press images captured on the set of her new music video confirmed the title of the single to be "Sight of You" and not "Skeletons". This was confirmed by Tulisa herself when she invited the contestants from her category on "The X Factor" to join her at the video shoot, and behind the scenes footage of the video was featured on the show. Shortly after, on 21 October 2012, the full official music video premiered via Tulisa's official VEVO account on YouTube. The video features Tulisa standing on a bridge with a city view, performing the song whilst traffic flows beneath her. Other scenes include a heatbreaking relationship between Tulisa and her boyfriend, played by her short-term real life boyfriend Jody Latham.



Baby Boom (movie)

Baby Boom is a 1987 American romantic comedy movie directed by Charles Shyer and starring Diane Keaton, Sam Shepard, Harold Ramis, Sam Wanamaker, James Spader and Pat Hingle. 

It was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards in 1988.

The movie is about a Manhattan businesswoman (Keaton), who discovers that a long-lost cousin has died, leaving her a fourteen-month-old baby girl as "inheritance".

"Baby Boom" did well at the box office; its budget was estimated at $15 million and the box office was $26 million. The reviews of the movie by the movie critics and the audience were mostly positive.


2026

2026 (MMXXVI) will be .


Turaco

The turacos make up the bird family Musophagidae ( "banana-eaters"), which includes plantain-eaters and go-away-birds. In southern Africa both turacos and go-away-birds are commonly known as loeries. They are semi-zygodactylous: the fourth (outer) toe can be switched back and forth. The second and third toes, which always point forward, are conjoined in some species. Musophagids often have prominent crests and long tails; the turacos are noted for peculiar and unique pigments giving them their bright green and red feathers.

Traditionally, this group has been allied with the cuckoos in the order Cuculiformes, but the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy raises this group to a full order Musophagiformes. They have been proposed to link the hoatzin to the other living birds, but this was later disputed. Recent genetic analyses have strongly supported the order ranking of Musophagiformes.

Musophagidae is one of very few bird families endemic to Africa. Another order, which is also endemic to Africa are the mousebirds, Colliidae. All turaco species are frugivorous, but they also eat leaves, buds, and flowers. Figs are an important part of their diet. They have rounded wings and long tails and strong legs, making them poor fliers, but good runners.

Turacos are medium-sized arboreal birds endemic to sub-Saharan Africa, where they live in forests, woodland and savanna.

They are gregarious, non-migratory birds which move in family groups of up to 10. Many species are noisy, with the go-away-birds being especially noted for their piercing alarm calls, which alert other fauna to the presence of predators; their common name is onomatopoeia of this. Musophagids build large stick nests in trees, and lay twp or three eggs. The young are born with thick down and open, or nearly-open, eyes.


Our God's Brother

Our God's Brother () is a 1997 Polish Italian German biographical drama movie directed by Krzysztof Zanussi and is based on the 1950 play of the same name by Karola Wojtyły. It stars Scott Wilson, Christoph Waltz, Wojciech Pszoniak, Riccardo Cucciolla, Jerry Flynn.


Bucerotiformes

Bucerotiformes is an order of birds that contains the hornbills, ground hornbills, hoopoes and wood hoopoes. These birds were previously classified as members of Coraciiformes. The clade is distributed in Africa, Asia, Europe and Melanesia.

River (MNL48 EP)

River (stylized as RIVER) is the fifth EP by Filipino girl group MNL48. It was released on November 27, 2020.




Millencourt

Millencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Millencourt-en-Ponthieu

Millencourt-en-Ponthieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mirvaux

Mirvaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The Time That Remains

The Time That Remains is a 2009 British Italian Belgian French Palestinian Israel black comedy drama movie directed by Elia Suleiman (who also stars) and also starring Ali Suliman, Saleh Bakri, Zidane Awad, Yasmine Haj, Izabel Ramadan.


Gaza mon amour

Gaza mon amour () is a 2020 Palestinian French German Qatari Portuguese drama movie directed by Tarzan Nasser and Arab Nasser. It stars Salim Daw, Hiam Abbass, Rukkmini Ghosh.

Moislains

Moislains is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Molliens-au-Bois

Molliens-au-Bois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Molliens-Dreuil

Molliens-Dreuil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Monchy-Lagache

Monchy-Lagache is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Gaillard

Gaillard is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Annemasse

Annemasse is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

It is about east of Geneva.

Ambilly

Ambilly is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Bonne, Haute-Savoie

Bonne is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Aisey-sur-Seine

Aisey-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Côte-d'Or department in east France.

Elia Suleiman

Elia Suleiman (, ; born July 28, 1960) is a Palestinian film director and actor of Rûm Greek Orthodox origin. He is best known for the 2002 film "Divine Intervention" (), a modern tragic comedy on living under occupation in Palestine which won the Jury Prize at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. Elia Suleiman's cinematic style is often compared to that of Jacques Tati and Buster Keaton, for its poetic interplay between "burlesque and sobriety". He is married to Lebanese singer and actress Yasmine Hamdan.

Between 1982 and 1993, Suleiman lived in New York City, where he co-directed: "Introduction to the End of an Argument" (1990) and directed "Homage by Assassination". Both won numerous awards.

An experimental video film, co-directed by Jayce Salloum, "Introduction to the End of an Argument" critiqued the portrayal of Arabs in Western media and its effect on foreign policy by juxtaposing clips from Hollywood films, television broadcasts and cartoons with live scenes (shot by Salloum) from the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.

"Homage by Assassination" is a "diary film" that critiques the 1991 Gulf War via the juxtaposition of multilayered personal anecdotes and identity. The film offers a lucid portrait of what critics Ella Shohat and Robert Stam have termed "cultural disembodiment," manifested in "multiple failures of communication," that reflect the contradictions of a "diasporic subject."

In 1994, Suleiman moved to Jerusalem and began teaching at Birzeit University in the West Bank. He was given the task of developing a Film and Media Department at the university, with funding support from the European Commission. In 2008 Elia Suleiman became a professor at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee. He continues to guest lecture in other universities around the world.

In 1996, Suleiman directed "Chronicle of a Disappearance", his first feature film. It won the Best First Film Prize at the 1996 Venice Film Festival.

In 2002, Suleiman's second feature film, "Divine Intervention", subtitled, "A Chronicle of Love and Pain", won the Jury Prize at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival and the International Critics Prize (FIPRESCI), also receiving the Best Foreign Film Prize at the European Awards in Rome.

The third film in his trilogy is called "The Time That Remains", which competed in the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. Suleiman won the Black Pearl prize for best Middle Eastern narrative film at the Middle Eastern Film Festival in Abu Dhabi on October 17, 2009. The film won the Critics' Prize from the Argentinean Film Critics Association at Mar del Plata International Film Festival.

His latest film, "It Must Be Heaven", competed in the 2019 Cannes Film Festival and had its North American premiere at the 2019 Toronto International Film Festival.

In his 1998 film, "The Arab Dream" ("Al Hilm Al-Arabi") Suleiman autobiographically explores issues of identity, expressing that: "I don't have a homeland to say I live in exile... I live in postmortem... daily life, daily death." Suleiman also produced a short film in 1997, entitled "War and Peace in Vesoul".

In 2000, Suleiman released the 15-minute short film "Cyber Palestine" which follows a modern-day Mary and Joseph as they attempt to cross from Gaza into Bethlehem. Suleiman was part of the nine-person jury for the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.







Boana stellae

Boana stellae is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 600 meters above sea level on the Araucaria plateau in Rio Grande do Sul.

The adult male frog is 40.7 to 49.9 mm long from nose to rear end. The frog is brown in color with a dark pattern on its back. It has a wide stripe that is yellow on the edges down each side of its body. The stripe goes from the nose to where the legs meet the body. There are also yellow marks on its sides. The iris of the eye is gold or copper in color. The iris is lighter on the top half than on the bottom half.

This frog lives in forests. It lives near bodies of water that do not dry up, for example streams. Scientists saw one group of eggs with 200 eggs in it. The tadpoles swim in fast water.

Nova Friburgo

Nova Friburgo is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro. 191,158 people lived here in 2020 and has an area of 933 km².

Need to Know

"Need to Know" is a song by Doja Cat. It was released on June 11, 2021 as the first promotional single from her third album, "Planet Her".

On June 9, 2021, Doja Cat officially announced the release of "Need to Know" with a short clip of its music video.

"Need to Know" was described as a "bass-heavy R&B" song. In the song's lyrics, Doja Cat looks for a new love interest while trying to understand if they have a mutual agreement and understanding. Some people described the song as "fiery", saying that Doja Cat "turns up the heat" and "takes it to the bedroom".

Meaghan Garvey of "Billboard" noted that the song shows Doja Cat's femininity and her sense of humor.

The music video was released the same day as the song. The clip was directed by Miles & AJ and shows Doja Cat as an alien partying during a night out, also featuring appearances by Grimes and Ryan Destiny. Doja Cat and her directors used "Blade Runner" and "Fifth Element" as inspirations while creating the music video. The setting for the music video was made, instead of using a green screen.

Planet Her

Planet Her is the third studio album by American rapper and singer Doja Cat. It was released on June 25, 2021. The album has guest appearances by Ariana Grande, the Weeknd, Young Thug, JID, and SZA.

The album's lead single, "Kiss Me More" featuring SZA, was released on April 9, 2021, and reached the top five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States, as well as in Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia. The second single, "You Right" with the Weeknd, was announced on April 22, although the release date of the song is not known. A promotional single, "Need to Know", was released on June 11, 2021.

On January 5, 2021, Doja Cat followed eight musicians on her Twitter account, and subsequently tweeted "Following them for a reason. Guess why.", alluding to her working with the followed artists. The track "Kiss Me More", featuring SZA, was confirmed in the same interview. 

"Kiss Me More" was the lead single from the album; it was released on April 9, 2021. It topped the charts in New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore, and also reached the top 5 in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia and seven other countries. In the same month, Doja Cat revealed that the song "You Right" with the Weeknd would serve as the second single from "Planet Her". The track "Need to Know" was also revealed at the same time. 

On June 8, 2021, Doja Cat announced that "Need to Know" would serve as the first promotional single from the record, announcing the release date as June 11. The day after, June 9, she announced the album's release date as June 25, the artwork and the track listing through Instagram. 

Quetzaltenango

Quetzaltenango (, also known by its Maya name, Xelajú or Xela ), is a city in Guatemala. It is the capital of the Quetzaltenango Department. In 2018, 180,706 people lived there.

La Llorona (2019 movie)

La Llorona, also known as The Weeping Woman, is a 2019 Guatemalan French horror thriller drama movie directed by Jayro Bustamante and starring María Mercedes Coroy, Sabrina De La Hoz, Margarita Kenéfic, Julio Diaz, María Telón, Juan Pablo Olyslager, Ayla-Elea Hurtado.


Our Mothers

Our Mothers () is a 2019 Belgian Guatemalan drama movie directed by César Díaz and starring Armando Espitia, Emma Dib, Aurelia Caal, Julio Serrano Echeverría, Victor Moreira.

PCI Express

Peripheral Component Interconnect Express (PCI Express), officially abbreviated as PCIe or PCI-e, is a high-speed serial computer expansion bus standard, designed to replace the older PCI, PCI-X and AGP bus standards. It is the common motherboard interface for personal computers' graphics cards, hard disk drive host adapters, SSDs, Wi-Fi and Ethernet hardware connections.

Charles Egbu

Charles Egbu is a Nigerian-British academic in the field of construction management. He is the current vice chancellor of Leeds Trinity University, United Kingdom. He is the first black to be UK vice Chancellor.

Egbu holds bachelor's degree in quantity surveying at Leeds Metropolitan University with first class honours. His doctorate in construction project management was obtained from the University of Salford. He also obtained an advanced diploma in research award supervision from Leeds Metropolitan University Leeds, UK.

Until his appointment, Egbu is a pro-vice-chancellor at the University of East London and Dean of the school of Built Environment and Architecture at London South Bank University. He was previously at the University of Salford, Glasgow Caledonian University and University College London. 

Athena (wrestler)

Adrienne Palmer (née Reese; born August 31, 1988) is an American professional wrestler. She is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes in their sister company Ring of Honor (ROH). She competes under the ring name Athena. She is the current ROH Women's World Champion.

She was also known for her time in WWE where she competed under the ring name Ember Moon. While there, she was a one-time NXT Women's Champion and one-time NXT Women's Tag Team Champion.

Reese was born and raised in Garland, Texas. She was born on August 31, 1988. She went to Lakeview Centennial High School.

Her wrestling career began when she was young. Her grandfather taught her during her visits to his house in the summer watching WWF's "Raw is War" or "SmackDown."

Pete Dunne

Peter Thomas England (born 9 November 1993), better known by his ring name Pete Dunne, is an English professional wrestler and promoter. He is currently signed to WWE where he performs on the SmackDown brand. Under the ring name Butch, he was a member of The Brawling Brutes alongside Sheamus and Ridge Holland. He is a one-time WWE United Kingdom Champion and one-time NXT Tag Team Champion alongside Matt Riddle, they also won the 2020 Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic.

Dunne began training in 2006, at the age of 12, and had his first match in 2007. He since worked across the global independent circuit in promotions such as Destiny World Wrestling (DWW), Fight Club: Pro (FCP), Insane Championship Wrestling (ICW), Michinoku Pro Wrestling (MPW), Over the Top Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Progress Wrestling (where he is a former Progress World Champion), Revolution Pro Wrestling (RPW), Singapore Pro Wrestling (SPW), and Westside Xtreme Wrestling (wXw).

Farida Kabir

Farida Mohammad Kabir (born 25 July 1992) is a Nigerian-British epidemiologist, software developer, and technology entrepreneur. She is the team lead for Google Women TechMakers and co-organizer for Google Developer Group, Abuja. She is also the founder and Chief Executive of OTRAC, a health technology company that develops enterprise software systems for the healthcare sector in Nigeria.

Farida Kabir was born in London, UK, in 1992. She attended primary school in Lagos and secondary school in Kaduna Nigeria. She holds bachelor's degree from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. In 2015, she was trained as a front line field epidemiologist by the Nigeria Field Epidemiology and Laboratory Training Program of the NCDC. She also holds an MBA from the International Finance Corporation of the World Bank.

Monsures

Monsures is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

List of Dora the Explorer episodes

"Dora the Explorer" is an American animated television series created by Chris Gifford, Valerie Walsh Valdes, and Eric Weiner that premiered on Nickelodeon on August 14, 2000. The series is produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio and is one of the longest-running series that aired on the Nick Jr. block.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>









On 23 August 2019, Nickelodeon renewed the series for a ninth season, but there wasn't any plans for a ninth season of Dora the Explorer.

Note: This is the list of Dora the explorer episodes that ran from August 14, 2000, until August 9, 2019. The first episode was The Big Red Chicken (August 14, 2000) and the last episode was Let's Go to Music School (August 9, 2019)

Montagne-Fayel

Montagne-Fayel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Montauban-de-Picardie

Montauban-de-Picardie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Montigny-les-Jongleurs

Montigny-les-Jongleurs is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Montigny-sur-l'Hallue

Montigny-sur-l'Hallue is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Montonvillers

Montonvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

La Neuville-Sire-Bernard

La Neuville-Sire-Bernard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Morchain

Morchain is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Moreuil

Moreuil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Commercy

Commercy is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Issoire

Issoire is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France.


Mushroom Kingdom

The Mushroom Kingdom (キノコ王国, Kinoko Ōkoku) is a place in the Mario series of video games by Nintendo. In "Super Mario Brothers", for example, the evil turtles led by Bowser have invaded the mushroom kingdom and kidnapped Princess Peach, and Mario and his brother Luigi must defeat them and save her.

Mario Is Missing!

Mario Is Missing! is an educational video game in the Mario series of games by Nintendo in 1992. The main character is Mario's brother, Luigi. Luigi tries to save Mario after the turtle king Bowser kidnaps him. The game was released on SNES, NES, Windows, and Mac. A remastered version was released in 2021.

This was not very popular, due to it not teaching properly in its key subject, history. Furthermore, it wasn’t a normal Mario platform game like the series focuses on.

After the first game, Nintendo released a game called Mario’s Time Machine. It was similar, and just like the first game, it didn’t do well.

Kardašova Řečice

Kardašova Řečice is a town of the Jindřichův Hradec District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.

Kardašova Řečice is twinned with:


Nová Bystřice

Nová Bystřice () is a town of the Jindřichův Hradec District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.


Morisel

Morisel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Morlancourt

Morlancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Warlus, Somme

Warlus is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Warlus

Warlus is the name of two communes in northern France:

Arlo the Alligator Boy

Arlo the Alligator Boy is a 2021 American animated movie made by Netflix. It stars the voices of Michael J. Woodard, Mary Lambert, Haley Tju, Jonathan Van Ness, Brett Gelman, Tony Hale, Annie Potts, Flea, Jennifer Coolidge and Vincent Rodriguez III.


Spirit of London

19000 "Spirit of London" is an Alexander Dennis Enviro400 double-decker bus which was first used in London in October 2005. Originally using fleet number 18500, "Spirit of London" was built as the replacement for the bus destroyed in Tavistock Square during the 7 July 2005 London bombings, killing 13 passengers. "Spirit of London" was also the first production Enviro400 built by Alexander Dennis. Throughout its time in service, "Spirit of London" has served as a tribute to the victims of the 7/7 attacks.

On 7 July 2005, there were 4 bombings across public transport in London. One of them was in Tavistock Square on a bus, the two-year-old TransBus ALX400-bodied TransBus Trident double-decker bus, registration LX03 BUF and fleet number 17758, operated by Stagecoach London. It would be scrapped after the attacks.

"Spirit of London" was first shown to the public on 3 October 2005. It was the first production Enviro400 to be built; the Enviro400 was Alexander Dennis' successor to the Dennis Trident and Alexander ALX400. It was originally assigned Stagecoach fleet number 18500, which is otherwise used for Trident-based vehicles. After a long promotional tour, "Spirit of London" went into use on route 30 in January 2006, five months after the Tavistock Square attack had occurred on the same route. 

In the early hours of 19 October 2012, the bus would be set on fire by two teenage girls. The fire would cause damage over £60,000. Due to the special status of it as a reminder of the 7/7 attacks, Stagecoach London decided to repair it.

Society of Classical Poets

Society of Classical Poets is a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to reviving traditional and classical poetry. It publishes poetry,essays and reviews online and in its annual print journal.The Society was established in 2012 by Evan Mantyk, an English teacher, and Joshua Philipp, a journalist. It runs several poetry contests.

The Society was established in 2012. Since then it has held public events for the promotion of traditional metrical poetry.On June 17, 2019, the Society of Classical Poets held a Symposium at the Princeton Club in Manhattan, where Society president Evan Mantyk stressed "the need to bring poetry out of the narrow halls of academia.” In 2020, the Society’s online symposium featured A.M. Juster, a major formalist poet  as well as the former Social Security Administration Commissioner under the Obama and Bush administrations.

In January 2017, the Society released a poem titled ""Pibroch for the Domhnall"", as the official inaugural poem for President Donald J. Trump.Two lines in the poem described departing president Barack Obama and his immigration policy. “Lest a murderous horde, for whom hell is the norm,/ Should threaten our lives and our nation deform”; another attacks women and Hillary Clinton, if not by name: “Whilst hapless old harridans flapping their traps/ Teach women to look and behave like us chaps.” It was criticized for "the pseudo-medieval-ism and generating a fantasy of white ethnic nationalism...".

Wedding Night – End of the Song

Wedding Night - End of the Song () is a 1992 Luxembourgian drama movie directed by Pol Cruchten (who also stars) and also starring Peter Cooper, Sylvie Gales, Daisy Garand, Myriam Muller, Thierry van Werveke, Sofie Knyff.

Gutland (movie)

Gutland is a 2017 Luxembourgian Belgian German French drama movie directed by Govinda Van Maele and starring Frederick Lau, Vicky Krieps, Marco Lorenzini, Pit Bukowski.

Beat Down: Fists of Vengeance

Beat Down: Fists of Vengeance also known in Japan as simply called is a 3rd person Beat 'em up video game, developed by Cavia Inc., and published by Capcom.

There are three game modes in "Beat Down", including:




The player assumes the role of one o the five underworld enforceses, Raven, Jason G, Aaron, Gina or Lola. When they withnessed the dead bodies of the drug dealers in the warehouse, as taking part of the drug dealing for money, they where betrayed by Las Sombras', a powerful Mafia family led by Zanetti. The player splits-up with the other enforcements, and now must get their revenge againts the Zanetti's gang members as well as being awareo the corrupted police.

Rabbids

Rabbids, also known as Raving Rabbids and in France as Lapins crétins ("moronic rabbits"), is a video game franchise published by Ubisoft. It originated as a spin-off video game from the "Rayman" series, 2006's "Rayman Raving Rabbids", and is centered on a fictional species of mischievous rabbit-like creatures known as Rabbids, who speak gibberish and scream wildly whenever they experience an adrenaline rush. The series consists mainly of party video games, though other genres have been explored as well.

The earliest "Rayman 4" trailers depicted menacing rabbits, simply appearing from underground with a blank stare in various shapes and forms, smaller eyes and furry. At this point, trailers showed the game as an adventure game with fight stages, where Rayman would need to punch and kick himself kung fu style through a horde of zombie-bunnies. As the game concept evolved, from one of a central objective to minigames, a series of viral videos were created by Marketing Manager Adrian Lacey and Animator Charles Beirnaert which became incredibly successful on the new media platform YouTube. The rabbits slowly evolved into various merchandising products such as the Rabbid figures, which were much more conscious and amusing, changing from merely being enemies to fight through into more memorable characters with various traits and quirks. "Rayman" creator Michel Ancel described the bunnies as "vicious, but at the same time [...] totally stupid".

In a video interview, project lead Loïc Gounon confirmed the possibility of splitting the Rayman and Rabbid series apart, mentioning that the Rabbids "managed to hit a bit more adult and a bit more older audience than the previous Raymans". By 2009's "Rabbids Go Home", Rayman does not make an appearance; when asked about the omission of Rayman during an interview about "Rabbids Go Home", director Jacques Exertier provided an assurance that Rayman would return for more action-adventure video games.

The music style for the franchise was created by composer Mark Griskey. Mark worked with Audio Director Yoan Fanise to define the comedic style of the early games and the style was continued with the further versions of the franchise.
Rabbids – Rabbids are wild rabbit-like creatures who like to cause havoc and mischief on Rayman's world (where they came from), the human world, and others and are gibberish speaking and yell "BWAH!" whenever they experience adrenaline rushes. They were originally the antagonists; however, due to increase in popularity, they became the protagonists in "Rabbids Go Home". A notable Rabbid who first appeared in "Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle" is Rabbid Peach.

Rayman – the main protagonist of the first three games. He always foils the Rabbids' evil plans. When the Rabbids became the protagonists of the franchise, Rayman was dropped, but continues to appear in his own games.

Professor Barranco III – the supreme leader of the Rabbids who planned out all of their invasions on Rayman's world, Earth and others. He is seen in the games "Rayman Raving Rabbids 2", "Rabbids: Travel in Time" and "Rabbids: Alive and Kicking" as the main antagonist (despite having a minor role in RRR 2 and RTiT). He is one of the rare smart Rabbids to exist, but can be easily fooled as well. In RAaK he has a Rabbid scientist as his second in command, who would later go on to become a major character in the TV series.

Serguei – Serguei is the main villain of "Rayman Raving Rabbids". He is a large, black rabbid who abducted Rayman and the Globox kids and forced them to take part in the Rabbids Olympics filled with deadly challenges. In the end, Rayman manages to escape and free most of the Globox kids. It is unknown what happens to Serguei at that point, though his absence in further games suggest that he was relieved of his duties due to failure in keeping Rayman.

The Semi-Leaders – the Semi-leaders are fat, lazy and angry Rabbids who serve as the secondary antagonists of "Rayman Raving Rabbids 2". They constantly force the Rabbids to bring them food and don't do pretty much anything other than sitting or lying around and keeping things in check. They each have different themes in clothing.

The Rabbids have made several appearances in games outside of their own series or the Rayman franchise. In "Red Steel", the Rabbids appear as enemies in one of the game's later stages. The Wii version of "" includes three different types of Rabbids as playable characters, along with a stage based on "Rabbids Go Home". Toys of the Rabbids appear as hidden easter eggs in "" and "Watch Dogs". In "", a cheat can be used to turn the game's enemies into Rabbids. The song "Here Comes the Hotstepper" in "Just Dance 2" includes a Rabbid who attempts to dance with the choreographer. Similarly, the alternate version of the song "Naughty Girl" in the Nintendo Switch version of "Just Dance 2018" via "Just Dance Unlimited" subscription service includes Rabbid Peach from "Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle" as the main choreographer. "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" features three Rabbids from "Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle" as unlockable spirits and a Rabbid Mii Fighter hat was available as downloadable content on January 28, 2020. On April Fools' Day 2019, "For Honor" featured a limited time event in which Rabbids replaced all of the game's characters. In 2021, they have been featured in "The Crew 2" as their own LIVE Summit Event, as well as introducing two vanity cosmetic items into the game. The first is roofrack of a Rabbid hanging on to it and the second being a window tint full of Rabbids which can only be acquired by scoring platinum in the LIVE Summit.

In October 2010, Ubisoft and Aardman announced a partnership to produce a TV series pilot and several shorts based on the franchise. One year later, it was announced that 78 7-minute CG animated episodes would be made solely by Ubisoft Motion Pictures, and broadcast as 26 half-hour episodes by Nickelodeon on August 3, 2013.
In early 2012, Ubisoft Motion Pictures called on the French animation studio TeamTO to create most of the CGI parts of the series.
On E3 2013, it was announced that it would be an interactive Xbox One show entitled "Rabbids Invasion". The show aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon from August 3, 2013 through June 23, 2017. On July 1, 2019, a fourth season was released on Netflix.

A live-action/animated movie based on the franchise was in the works by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Entertainment. However, in 2019, Lionsgate and Ubisoft signed a deal to produce the Rabbids movie with Todd Strauss-Schulson in talks to direct the movie with Todd Lieberman and David Hoberman as producers. It is now being developed by Lionsgate, Ubisoft Motion Pictures, Mandeville Films, and Stoopid Buddy Stoodios, with Matt Senreich, Tom Sheppard, and Zeb Wells set to write the film, while revised by Todd Rosenberg.

A comic book series based on the franchise has been released in France, Belgium and Switzerland. All comic strips are drawn by the French cartoonist Romaine Pujol and written by Thithaume. There are ten volumes thus far.

Aside from video games and the comic book series mentioned above, the Rabbids also have other merchandising such as T-shirts, figurines, plush toys, school equipment, fan club magazines, and for a limited time, a Happy Meal toy. A "Raving Rabbids" themed version of the card game "Jungle Speed" was also released in France.

The Rabbids franchise has also been licensed for the out-of-home entertainment market such as the recent collaboration with arcade game manufacturer LAI Games to produce Virtual Rabbids: The Big Ride, an attendant-free VR attraction.

The "Rabbids" series, along with its titular characters, have become very popular. IGN has stated that the Rabbids have "more personality and charisma than 10 of the most popular video game mascots combined", and that the bunnies have literally "upstaged Rayman himself".

GameSpot noted that the Rabbids themselves are "almost exclusively responsible for [selling the game's humor], as they are, without a doubt, hysterical. They're adorably designed, with their dumb stares, high-pitched shrieks, and a penchant for taking comedic bumps."


Go Jetters

Go Jetters is a British 3D animated television series, airing on Nick Jr. Channel 5 and CBeebies.

This geography based programme was commissioned by CBeebies controller Kay Benbow and is a co-production of CBeebies In-house Production and BBC Worldwide.

Aimed at the upper-end of preschool between the ages of ages 4 and 6, Go Jetters follows the adventures of four heroes, Xuli, Kyan, Lars and Foz, as they travel the world with their teacher, mentor and friend, Ubercorn. The programme uses songs and music to expose facts about various countries and environments.

The programme started out as a feature on the channel's website, but was so popular it got spun off into the more successful series.

Each Go Jetter has a star logo on their basic suit, and a particular speciality and a sentence they'll often repeat over the episodes.




Kini and Adams

Kini and Adams is a 1997 Burkinabé French drama movie directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo and starring Vusi Kunene, David Mohloki, Nthati Moshesh, John Kani, Netsayi Chigwendere, Sibongile Mlambo. It won the Jury Prize at the 1998 Bermuda International Film Festival and was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.


Louny

Louny () is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Louny District.


Frýdek-Místek

Frýdek-Místek (; ) is a city in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Frýdek-Místek District.

The city has about 55,000 inhabitants.


Lézat-sur-Lèze

Lézat-sur-Lèze is a commune in the Ariège department. It is in southwestern France.


Aix

AIX or Aix may also refer to:




Aix, Corrèze

Aix is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Corrèze department in central France.

Aix-en-Pévèle

Aix-en-Pévèle () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,275 people lived there.


Morvillers-Saint-Saturnin

Morvillers-Saint-Saturnin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pieter Omtzigt

Pieter Herman Omtzigt (born 8 January 1974 in The Hague) is a Dutch independent politician and a former member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

Since June 2003, he has almost continuously been a member of the House of Representatives.

Omtzigt is a driven and very critical MP, well known for his efforts on behalf of the childcare benefits scandal (together with Socialist Party politician Renske Leijten).

In July 2020, he lost the struggle against Hugo de Jonge for party leadership and list puller for the 2021 Dutch general election.

Not satisfied with his experiences in the CDA party he decided to leave the party and has become an independent politician on 12 June 2021. Because he had been on leave due to fatigue since 26 May 2021, this has been in effect after his return on 15 September 2021.

Pieter Omtzigt is a PhD economist, who studied at the University of Exeter. He is a Roman Catholic and married to Ayfer Koç, the CDA group leader in the municipal council of Enschede, who belongs to the Syriac Orthodox Church and fled from Turkey. The couple has four daughters and live in Enschede.


Sunil Dutt

Sunil Dutt (Balraj Dutt; 6 June 1926 – 25 May 2005) was a famous Indian actor, director and politician. He was appointed the Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports in 2004. He was a former Sheriff of Mumbai. He is the father of actor Sanjay Dutt and politician Priya Dutt. In 1968, he was honoured by the Padma Shri by the Government of India. In 1984 he was elected to the Parliament of India from the constituency of Mumbai North West.

Sunil Dutt's father was Diwan Raghunath Dutt and mother name was Kulwantidevi Dutt. When he was five years old, his father died. He then moved to Bombay ( Mumbai). He got a job at the city's BEST bus service. He graduated with B.A. in history in 1954.He also became radio announcer, He was very popular on the Hindi service of Radio Ceylon, the oldest radio station in South Asia. His first film was "Railway Platform(1955). Film director gave him new screen name "Sunil Dutt" to avoid name conflicts with the actor Balraj Sahni."

Sunil Dutt became famous for his role in the 1957 film "Mother India" in which he co-starred with Nargis. Dutt was one of the major stars of Hindi cinema in the 1960s .Films like "Sadhna" (1958), "Insan Jaag Utha" (1959), "Sujata" (1959), "Mujhe Jeene Do" (1963), "Khandan" (1965), "Mera Saaya" (1966) and "Padosan" (1967). He was B.R. Chopra's favorite actor films such as "Gumraah" (1963), "Waqt" (1965) and "Hamraaz" (1967).

Dutt made his directorial debut and was the only actor to feature in "Yaadein(1964)". The film was featured in the "Guinness Book of Records" for "Fewest Actors in a Narrative Film".

In "Geeta Mera Naam" (1974) he again played an anti-hero after a long gap of films like "Mother India" and "Mujhe Jeene Do". He continued to star in hits that included "Heera" (1973), "Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye" (1974), "Nagin" (1976), "Jaani Dushman" (1979), "Muqabla" (1979), and "Shaan" (1980)."Dard Ka Rishta" (1982), "Badle Ki Aag" (1982), "Raaj Tilak" (1984), "Mangal Dada" (1986), "Watan Ke Rakhwale" (1987) and "Dharamyudh" (1988).

Mouflers

Mouflers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Peasenhall

Peasenhall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 517 people living in Peasenhall. Peasenhall has a church called St Michael.


Badingham

Badingham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 489 people living in Badingham. Badingham has a church called St John the Baptist.


Farnham, Suffolk

Farnham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 118 people living in Farnham. Farnham has a church called St Mary.


Stagecoach London

Stagecoach London is a large bus company in Greater London. It is a child company of Stagecoach and manages routes under contract to Transport for London mostly in East and South East London as well as some bus journeys in Central London.

It is the largest subsidiary of Stagecoach group with 314.5 million passengers journeys in 2015-16 and a fleet of almost 1300 buses.

Mouflières

Mouflières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Moyencourt

Moyencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Moyencourt-lès-Poix

Moyencourt-lès-Poix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Muille-Villette

Muille-Villette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nampont

Nampont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Namps-Maisnil

Namps-Maisnil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nampty

Nampty is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

London Buses route 30

London Buses route 30 is a Transport for London managed bus route in London, England. It runs between Hackney Wick and Marble Arch station. It is run by Metroline.

On 7 July 2005 at 09:47am, a Stagecoach London Dennis Trident 2 double-decker bus, fleet number 17758, registration LX03 BUF, was damaged a lot in a terrorist attack by Hasib Hussain, who took a bomb onto the bus and exploded it, killing 13 other people on the bus as well as himself. The explosion ripped the roof off the top deck of the bus and destroyed the back of the vehicle. The explosion took place close to the British Medical Association building in Tavistock Square. The bus was off line of route and on a different route than usual due to earlier multiple attacks on the London Underground system. The bus was replaced by the first Alexander Dennis Enviro400 produced, named "Spirit of London" as a tribute to the attacks.

Route 30 usually uses these primary locations:

The #30 bus is mentioned in the song "Kiss Me Deadly", by the pop music band Generation X, which was released in their album Generation X.

Tel Aviv on Fire

Tel Aviv on Fire (Hebrew: תל אביב על האש, "Tel Aviv Al Ha'Esh") is a 2018 Luxembourgian Israeli French Belgian comedy drama movie directed by Sameh Zoabi and starring Kais Nashef, Yaniv Bitton, Maisa Abd Alhady, Lubna Azabal.


London Underground code alert

A London Underground code alert is a warning issued by a London Underground Line Controller (who manages the running of a line) over the radio system giving both train and train station staff information about a potential problem. The codes are rarely used as they are specifically reserved for emergency situations, such as terrorist attacks.


Tarpaulin

A tarpaulin is a piece of strong, bendable and waterproof material. It is often made of a few types of plastics. They also often have fasteners to allow for ropes to be attached.

Cheaper modern tarpaulins are made from polyethylene; this material is so associated with tarpaulins that it has become colloquially known in some quarters as polytarp.

It is used to cover crime scenes, as a building material and to protect from weather such as rain.

Cuckoo roller

The cuckoo roller or courol ("Leptosomus discolor") is the only bird in the family Leptosomidae , which was previously often placed in the order Coraciiformes but is now placed in its own order Leptosomiformes. The cuckoo roller is at the root of a group that contains the Trogoniformes, Bucerotiformes, Piciformes, and Coraciiformes.

It is a medium-large bird, living in forests and woodlands in Madagascar and the Comoro Islands. Three subspecies are described: the nominate "L. d. discolor" is found in Madagascar and Mayotte Island, "L. d. intermedius" on Anjouan, and "L. d. gracilis" of Grand Comoro. Based on its smaller size, differences in the plumage, and minor difference in the voice, the last of these is sometimes considered a separate species, the Comoro cuckoo roller ("L. gracilis").

London Underground C69 and C77 Stock

The London Underground C69 and C77 Stock, commonly known as the C Stock, was a type of below ground rolling stock used on the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City (formerly Metropolitan) lines of the London Underground between 1970 and 2014. These were replaced with S stock trains, which also run routes on the District, Hammersmith and City, Circle and Metropolitan lines.

The C Stock was replaced between 2012 and 2014 by S7 Stock.

A tour took place on 29 June 2014 showing a lot of the area covered by the stock during its time on the rails. One train (5721+5531+5578) was kept for this tour with one held as a reserve in case of breakdown (5533+5517+5592).

Transport for London has given away two C77 driving motors to educational establishments, and another from the same sub-series to the London Transport Museum: these are 5701, 5720 and 5721.

Mudcat Grant

James Timothy "Mudcat" Grant (August 13, 1935 – June 12, 2021) was an American baseball player. He was born in Lacoochee, Florida. He was a pitcher. Between 1958 and 1971, he played 14 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Cleveland Indians, Minnesota Twins, Los Angeles Dodgers, Montreal Expos, St. Louis Cardinals, Oakland Athletics and Pittsburgh Pirates. He was a two-time All-Star.

Grant died on June 12, 2021, in Los Angeles, California. He was 85.

Naours

Naours is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nesle

Nesle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nesle-l'Hôpital

Nesle-l'Hôpital is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Neslette

Neslette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Le Quesne

Le Quesne is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Piet Rentmeester

Petrus Laurentius "Piet" Rentmeester (27 August 1938 in Yerseke - 11 February 2017 in Goes) was a cyclist from the Netherlands.

Rentmeester was a professional racing cyclist between 1959 and 1966 and won several races.

One of his first victories was the Tour of Limburg in 1958 and his last one the Flèche enghiennoise in 1966.

In between he won, among others things, Paris–Camembert and Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne, both in 1962.


Woburn Place

Woburn Place is a street in central London, England, named after Woburn Abbey. It is located in the Bloomsbury area of Camden.

Located to the north of the street is Tavistock Square and to the south-east of it is Russell Square. Past Tavistock Square the road becomes Upper Woburn Place until it reaches Euston Road. The British Medical Association building is located near Upper Woburn Place. 

Buildings cost a lot in this area. For example, in 2005 a freehold office building at 19–29 Woburn Place (9,400 m2, 101,000 sq ft) was sold for £22.6 million.

The nearest underground station is Russell Square to the south-east.


Edward Glen

Edward Glen is a Canadian actor. He is best known for voicing Thomas the Tank Engine in the 2000 film "Thomas and the Magic Railroad".

Vietnamese Australians

Vietnamese Australians () are Australians who have ancestors who were originally Vietnamese, or people who went to Australia from Vietnam. Communities of overseas Vietnamese are referred to as Việt Kiều or "người Việt hải ngoại".

Up until 1975 there were fewer than 700 Vietnam-born people in Australia. After the takeover of South Vietnam by the North Vietnamese communist government in April 1975, Australia, being a signatory to the "Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees", agreed to resettle its share of Vietnam-born refugees under a plan to resettle refugees between 1975 and 1985. After the early intake of refugees in the late 1970s, there was a second immigration wave in 1983–84, most likely a result of the 1982 agreement between the Australian and Vietnamese governments (the "Orderly Departure Program") which allowed relatives of Vietnamese Australians to leave Vietnam and move to Australia. A third immigration wave in the late 1980s seems to have been mainly due to Australia's family reunion scheme.


1755 Lisbon earthquake

The 1755 Lisbon earthquake was a major earthquake that hit Portugal and the rest of the Iberian Peninsula on 1 November 1755. The earthquake caused serious damage to Lisbon. It killed an estimated 60,000 people in Lisbon alone. Violent shaking destroyed about 12,000 homes. Because November 1, when the quake struck, was All Saints' Day, many people were attending mass at the time of the quake. Churches collapsed and many people died.

The earthquake caused a tsunami that produced waves about 20 feet (6 metres) high in Lisbon. Shocks from the earthquake were felt throughout Europe. The disaster became an important event in European history.


Blacksmith tree frog

The blacksmith tree frog or smith frog ("Boana faber") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina. Scientists have seen it between 64 and 1035 meters above sea level.

Vietnamese Americans

Vietnamese Americans () are Americans who have ancestors who were originally Vietnamese. They make up about half of all overseas Vietnamese () and are the fourth-largest Asian American ethnic group after Chinese Americans, Filipino Americans, and Indian Americans. There are 2.2 million people of Vietnamese descent residing in the U.S.

The Vietnamese community in the United States was very small until the South Vietnamese immigration to the country after the Vietnam War which ended in 1975. Early immigrants were refugee boat people, loyal to South Vietnam in the conflict who left political persecution or wanted better jobs. More than half of Vietnamese Americans reside in the two most populous states of California and Texas, mostly in their large urban areas.

In 2019, the median household income for all Vietnamese Americans was $69,800, compared to $85,800 for all Asian Americans. Divided by birth, the income was $82,400 for US-born and $66,000 for Vietnamese-Americans born in other countries.

In 2017, 10.6% of Vietnamese Americans lived under the poverty line, lower than the poverty rate for all Americans at 12.3%.

The U.S. Census Bureau reports in 2016 among working Vietnamese Americans (citizen employed population 16 years and over): 32.9% had management, business, science, and arts jobs; 30.9% had service jobs; 17.0% had office jobs, 4.3% had natural resources, construction, and maintenance jobs; and 15% had natural resources, construction, and maintenance jobs.

Though Vietnamese immigration has continued at a fairly stable pace since the 1980s, the pathway to immigration for Vietnamese today has shifted entirely. As the opposite to the earlier history of Vietnamese migration that mostly came from refugees, an overwhelming majority of Vietnamese are now given LPR on the basis of family sponsored preferences or by way of close family to U.S. citizens, at 53% and 44% respectively.

In 2019, 55% of American born Vietnamese Americans had gotten a bachelor's degree or higher.

In 2019, 90% of US-born Vietnamese Americans were able to speak English.

The Vietnamese parents consider children's good school performance as a source of happiness for their family, encouraging their children to do well in school and to enter professional jobs as the way to get a better life. Vietnam's traditional Confucianist society values schools and learning, and many Vietnamese Americans have worked their way up from menial labor to have their second-generation children and go to college and become better. Compared to other Asian immigrant groups, Vietnamese Americans are more hopeful about their children's future; forty-eight percent believe that their children's standard of living will be better than theirs.

A number of colleges have a Vietnamese Student Association, and an annual conference is hosted by the Union of North American Vietnamese Student Associations for current or future members.

Neufmoulin

Neufmoulin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Neuilly-le-Dien

Neuilly-le-Dien is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cleanskin

Law enforcement uses the word cleanskin to refer to an undercover person whose identity is unknown to the police forces he or she is tasked to find information about. This is usually because they have not conducted any undercover activity before.

The phrase got more use with a slightly different meaning in the United Kingdom following the London bombings of 7 July 2005. The four bombers involved in those bombings were reported in the press to be "cleanskins", according to police sources, meaning that their profiles did not fit what bombers are usually like.

Cold Tracks

Cold Tracks () is a 1962 Norwegian drama movie directed by Arne Skouen and starring Toralv Maurstad, Henny Moan, Alf Malland, Ragnhild Hald, Sverre Holm, Egil Lorck, Lasse Næss, Siv Skjønberg.

Toulon Tournament

The Toulon Tournament (officially the Festival International "Espoirs" - Tournoi Maurice Revello) is a football tournament. The teams are invited national teams composed of youth players from U-17 to U-23 level. The tournament is named after Maurice Revello, who started the tournament in 1967. The first tournament in 1967 featured club teams, but it changed to national teams in 1975 (except in 1986 and 1989 when INF Vichy was invited). The tournament is held around Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, with the final being held in Toulon itself.

The Toulon Tournament usually was played with two 40-minute halves. In 2019 every match consisted of two periods of 45 minutes each. In a match, every team has eleven named substitutes and the maximum number of substitutions permitted is four.

In the knockout stage, if a game tied at the end of regulation time, extra time is not played and the penalty shoot-out is used to determine the winner.



Gebenbach

Gebenbach is a municipality in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Hahnbach

Hahnbach is a market town in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Beeston

Beeston is a suburb of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England located on a hill about 2 miles (3 km) south of the centre of the city.

The start of Beeston was in the medieval period. It remained a small place for people to live until the late part of the Victorian era when it became a mostly residential area for people working in Leeds and surrounding industrial areas like Holbeck and Hunslet.

When the 2011 Census was being carried out, Beeston had a population of 22,187 (which included Holbeck). Some parts of the area, around Cross Flatts Park, suffer from high levels of poverty, while areas to the centre and south are generally considered richer. Beeston is home to the Leeds United football club stadium on Elland Road and Hunslet rugby league club.

Beeston has at least ten churches of many religions including Church of England, Roman Catholic, Methodist and Baptist. The Anglican churches of St Mary on Town Street and St Luke on Malvern Road were made in the 1870s, though St Mary is on the site of a much older church. The more modern church of St David Waincliffe on Dewsbury Road, made in the 1960s was designed by Geoffrey Davy and won a Hoffman Wood (Leeds) Gold Medal for Architecture.

There are three mosques in Beeston, all located within the Beeston Hill area. There is also a Sikh Gurdwara.

The person who wrote plays Willis Hall went to Cockburn High School in Beeston as did the academic and author of "The Uses of Literacy", Richard Hoggart. The poet Tony Harrison spent his childhood growing up in Tempest Road and went to what was then Cross Flatts county primary school. More recently, the actress Holly Kenny who starred in the BBC drama show "Waterloo Road" was a pupil at the school.

The musician and bandleader Ivy Benson grew up in Beeston, where her old house on Cemetery Road is marked with a blue plaque.

Former England and Leeds United footballer Paul Madeley was born in Beeston.

Former international rugby league and rugby union star Jason Robinson went to Cross Flatts Park Middle School and Matthew Murray High School, and started his Rugby League career with Hunslet Hawks.

Leigh Francis, known for his character Keith Lemon, was born in Beeston.

2 of the 7/7 bombers lived in Beeston.

Mason Greenwood

Mason Will John Greenwood (born 1 October 2001) is an English-Jamaican professional football player. Greenwood played for Manchester United and Jamaica national team. His usual position is as a forward.

Greenwood played in Manchester United's youth teams. He climbed through various youth groups within the United team. Greenwood played his first game for the Manchester United first team in 2019. When he scored against Astana in September 2019, Greenwood became the club's youngest goalscorer in European competition. He first played for England in September 2020 against Iceland.

He was arrested by the Greater Manchester Police in January 2022, on suspicion of assault and rape and shared it online. He has been removed from FIFA 22, EA Sports, FIFA. As of Feburary 2nd, he has been released on bail. 

On 21 August 2023, it was announced by United that Greenwood would leave the club.

He was loaned to the La Liga club Getafe on 1 September 2023.

Manchester United

Individual

Cube (algebra)

In mathematics, a cube of a number means the result of multiplying the number by its square. For example, the cube of 6 is 6×6×6 = 216.

It is named this because cubing a number gives the volume of a cube.

Cubing a number can also be written as 6 = 36. Cubing is the same as raising to the power of 3.

Many of the units of volume are cubes. For example, a "cubic meter" means the volume equal to the volume of a cuboid which is one meter tall, one meter wide, and one meter deep.
This is a list of cube numbers from 1^3 to 10^3


Cube (disambiguation)

A cube is a shape with six equal faces, twelve equal edges and eight equal corners.

Cube may also mean:

Divisibility rules

Divisibility rules of whole numbers are very useful because they help us to quickly determine if a number can be divided by 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, and 10 without doing long division. This is especially useful when the numbers are large.

Any integer that is not a fraction is divisible by 1.

Eg:- 23, 84, 974, 1023

If a number is an even number or a number whose last digit is an even number.

Eg:-  0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10

When the sum of all digits of a number is a multiple of 3.

Eg:- 516, 36, 119, 5502

When the number formed by last 2 digits is divisible by 4.

Eg:- 92, 780, 52, 300

When the ones digit of the number is either 0 or 5.

Eg:- 55, 125, 1000, 760

A number is divisible by 6 if it is divisible by 2 and 3 also.

Eg:- 270, 630, 144, 42

When the difference between twice the digits at ones place and the number formed by other digit is either zero or a multiple of 7.

Eg:- 1073, 98, 56, 140

The number formed by last 3 digits is divisible by 8.

Eg:- 1792, 1824, 2000, 2880

When the sum of all digits of a number is a multiple of 9.

Eg:- 51984, 2979, 9000, 135

When the ones digit is zero.

Eg:- 1000, 150, 670, 280

Hirschbach, Bavaria

Hirschbach is a municipality in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Hohenburg, Bavaria

Hohenburg is a market town in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Kastl, Amberg-Sulzbach

Kastl is a market town in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Königstein, Bavaria

Königstein is a market town in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Kümmersbruck

Kümmersbruck is a municipality in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany. It is southeast of Amberg.


Neuville-au-Bois

Neuville-au-Bois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Neuville-Coppegueule

Neuville-Coppegueule is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

La Neuville-lès-Bray

La Neuville-lès-Bray is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Neuvillette

Neuvillette is the name of two communes in France:


Neuvillette, Somme

Neuvillette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nibas

Nibas is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Imprinting

Imprinting may mean:


Marcello Gandini

Marcello Gandini (26 August 1938 – 13 March 2024) was an Italian automotive designer mostly famous of Lamborghini sports cars designing.

He was born in Turin, in the family of a wealthy aristocrat. The father owned a pharmaceutical company. 

After graduating from school, he started setting up sports cars. In the early sixties, he became acquainted with Nuccio Bertone, who later offered him to work with a designer in the car studio Bertone. In 1980, he left Bertone to start his freelance designer's career. Since 1990, he works only in small projects.

He designed Lamborghini Miura and Countach (1973), Fiat X1/9, BMW 5 Series, Lancia Stratos and many others.

Gandini died on 13 March 2024, at the age of 85.


British Pakistanis

British Pakistanis (; also known as Pakistani British people or Pakistani Britons) are citizens or residents of the United Kingdom whose ancestors came from Pakistan. The community is well into its third generation and consists of around 1.8 million individuals, the second-largest Pakistani population living outside of Pakistan, after the United Arab Emirates. It includes people born in the UK who are of Pakistani descent and Pakistani-born people who have went to the UK. Most British people of Pakistani origin were born in the United Kingdom, as opposed to Pakistan itself. Most British Pakistanis are originally from the Azad Kashmir and Punjab regions, with a smaller number from other parts of Pakistan including Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan.

The UK is home to the largest Pakistani community in Europe, with the amount of British Pakistanis living there exceeding 1.8 million based on the 2011 census. British Pakistanis are the second-largest racial minority population in the United Kingdom and also make up the second-largest sub-group of British Asians. They are also one of the largest overseas Pakistani communities, similar in number to people who have Pakistani heritage in Saudi Arabia.

Pakistanis have been present in the UK since the start of the 19th century, but by far the largest wave of migration occurred right after the Second World War. The historical relations between both countries goes through the British Empire from the region that is now Pakistan started in small numbers in the mid-19th century. Parts of what is now Pakistan was then ruled by the British Raj. People from those regions were soldiers in the British Indian Army. and some were deployed in other parts of the British Empire.

Major Pakistani migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1900s, the British Empire formally annexed the region in 1850, with the residents of British-ruled Pakistan becoming subjects of The Crown. Some started to immigrate during the colonial rule in the 1920s, but immigration increased during the 1950s and 1960s. After the Second World War, the break-up of the British Empire and the independence of Pakistan made Pakistani immigration to the United Kingdom go up, especially during the 1950s and the 1960s. That was made easier as Pakistan was a member of the Commonwealth. Pakistani immigrants helped to sort out the job shortages in the British steel, textile and engineering industries. Doctors from Pakistan were recruited by the National Health Service in the 1960s.

The number of British Pakistanis has grown from about 10,000 in 1951 to over 1.1 million in 2011. Most live in England, with some in Scotland and smaller numbers in Wales and Northern Ireland. The most diverse group of Pakistani people is in London and has Punjabis, Mirpuri Kashmiris, Pashtuns, Sindhis, Muhajirs, Saraikis, Baloch and others.
Most British Pakistanis are Muslim; around 90 percent of those living in England and Wales at the time of the 2011 census said that their religion was Islam. Most are Sunni Muslims, but there are also many Shia Muslims. The UK also has one of the largest overseas Christian Pakistani communities; the 2011 census recorded around 17,000 Christian Pakistanis living in England and Wales, which was 1.52 percent of the Pakistanis there.
Since their settlement, British Pakistanis have had many different contributions and influence on British society, politics, culture, economy and sport. Social issues include high relative poverty rates among the community according to the 2001 census, but some progress has been made in recent years, with the 2011 census showing British Pakistanis as having some the highest levels of home ownership in Britain.

Traditionally, many British Pakistanis have employed themselves, with many working in the transport industry or the retail sector's family-run businesses.

Dreaming of Rita

Dreaming of Rita () is a 1993 Swedish Finnish comedy movie directed by Jon Lindström and starring Marika Lagercrantz, Philip Zandén, Yaba Holst, Adam Blänning, Per Oscarsson, Gert Fylking.

Max Havelaar (movie)

Max Havelaar () is a 1976 Dutch Indonesian drama movie directed by Fons Rademakers and was based on the 1860 novel of the same name by Multatuli. It stars Peter Faber, Rima Melati, Rutger Hauer, Sacha Bulthuis, Joop Admiraal, Herry Lantho, Leo Beyers.

Bustard

Bustards are land birds of the order Otidiformes. The are Old World birds which live on dry grassland. They have strong legs and can stomp on small prey. They eat leaves, buds, seeds, fruit, small vertebrates, and invertebrates. There are about 27 species in 12 genera. Most of these occur in Africa, two species also occur in Europe.

In some places im Africa, these birds are used as a natural form of pest control, as they also feed on locusts. 

Mohammad Sidique Khan

Mohammad Sidique Khan (20 October 1974 – 7 July 2005) was the oldest of the four Al Qaeda suicide bombers in the 7 July 2005 London bombings, in which bombs were exploded on three London Underground trains and one bus in central London suicide attacks, killing 56 people including the attackers and injuring over 700. He was believed to be the leader of the bombers. Khan bombed the Edgware Road train killing himself and six other people.

On 1 September 2005, a recording was found that had Khan in. The recording, shown by Al Jazeera Television, also mentions Ayman al-Zawahiri, who is the highest leader of al-Qaeda. The two men do not appear together, and the British government says that al-Qaeda was not involved with the bombing. The Home Office believes the recording was edited after the suicide attacks and dismisses it as evidence of al-Qaeda's involvement in the bombing. In the film, Khan declares, "I and thousands like me have forsaken everything for what we believe" and refers to his expectation that the media would already have painted a picture of him in accordance with government "spin". He goes on to say, "Your democratically elected governments continually perpetrate atrocities against my people all over the world. Your support makes you directly responsible. We are at war and I am a soldier. Now you too will taste the reality of this situation."

Shehzad Tanweer

Shehzad Tanweer (15 December 1982 – 7 July 2005) was one of four Al Qaeda terrorists who exploded bombs in three trains on the London Underground and one bus in central London during the 7 July 2005 London bombings. 56 people were killed and over 700 hurt in the attacks.

Tanweer was named by Scotland Yard as the man who exploded a bomb while travelling towards the east on the Circle Line between Liverpool Street and Aldgate, killing both himself and seven of the 56 killed in total in the attacks. The other three men were found out to be Hasib Hussain, Germaine Lindsay, and Mohammad Sidique Khan. They all died in the explosions they set off.

On 6 July 2006, a video statement by Tanweer was published by Al-Jazeera. In the video, which included statements by al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri, Tanweer said:

"What have you witnessed now is only the beginning of a string of attacks that will continue and become stronger until you pull your forces out of Afghanistan and Iraq. And until you stop your financial and military support to America and Israel." Tanweer argued that the non-Muslims of Britain deserve such attacks because they voted for a government which "continues to oppress our mothers, children, brothers and sisters in Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq and Chechnya" 

Tanweer's statements was clearer in making this link with British foreign policy than Mohammad Sidique Khan, the person thought to be the lead bomber. The video has also served to confirm thoughts that both Khan and Tanweer had contact with Ayman Al-Zawahiri and other senior figures in the Al-Qaeda organisation while in Dubai.

A few days before the bombing, Tanweer rented a red Nissan Micra from a local car-rental agency. His hair was also bleached due to the hydrogen peroxide he was using prior to the attack.

On 7 July, Tanweer, Khan, Hussain, and Lindsay are believed to have picked up the bombs from a house in the Leeds, hiding them in their rucksacks, then to have driven to Luton, Bedfordshire in the red Nissan, which he left parked in Luton railway station car park.
In Luton, the men went on the 07:23 Thameslink train, arriving at King's Cross in London at around 08.20 hours, where they went different ways and exploded their bombs.

The three London underground bombs exploded within 60 seconds of each other at 8:50 a.m.Tanweer travelled towards the east on the Circle line from Kings Cross, exploding his bomb on train number 204 between Liverpool Street and Aldgate stations, also killing at least seven people. The police found his body parts in the carriage he blew up.

After the bombings, police found other bombs in Tanweer's car, which would be dealt with by an explosive police team.

Noyelles-en-Chaussée

Noyelles-en-Chaussée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Noyelles-sur-Mer

Noyelles-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nurlu

Nurlu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Occoches

Occoches is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. The altitude of the city hall of Occoches is approximately 50 meters. The Occoches surface is 7.09 km ². The population of Occoches was 121 in 1999, 128 in 2006 and 129 in 2007.

Neuville-lès-Lœuilly

Neuville-lès-Lœuilly is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Ô-de-Selle.

Ô-de-Selle

Ô-de-Selle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Lœuilly (the seat), Neuville-lès-Lœuilly and Tilloy-lès-Conty.

Tilloy-lès-Conty

Tilloy-lès-Conty is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Ô-de-Selle.

Offignies

Offignies is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Emasculation

Emasculation is also used metaphorically to refer to the loss of a man's masculinity. A man is said to be emasculated when he loses, or is deprived of, a characteristic traditionally associated with being a man, such as power or independence. It is the removal of both the penis and the testicles, the external male sex organs. It differs from castration, which is the removal of the testicles only. Throughout the Indian subcontinent tradition, including India, Bangladesh and Pakistan, some members of the Hijra community reportedly undergo emasculation, or "nirvan." For the Hijra, emasculation does affect a recipient's gender identity, with some identifying as female, non-binary, or a third gender.

Takis

Takis is a type of spicy rolled tortilla chip. Barcel owns Takis.



Opava

Opava (, , ) is a city in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Opava District.

The city is on the river Opava and has about 56,000 inhabitants.

It was a historical capital of Czech Silesia.


Děčín

Děčín (, 1942–1945 "Tetschen-Bodenbach", 1945 "Děčín-Podmokly") is a city in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Děčín District.

The city is on the river Elbe and is near the border with Germany. It has about 48,000 inhabitants.


Germaine Lindsay

Germaine Maurice Lindsay (23 September 1985 – 7 July 2005), also known as Abdullah Shaheed Jamal, was one of the four Al Qaeda suicide bombers who exploded bombs on three trains on the London Underground and a bus in central London during the 7 July 2005 London bombings, killing 56 people (including the bombers), and injuring more than 700. Lindsay exploded the bomb that killed himself and 26 other people on a train travelling on the Piccadilly line between King's Cross St Pancras and Russell Square tube stations..

Lindsay's wife, Samantha Lewthwaite, said that Germaine Lindsay wasn't involved in the attacks until the government showed forensic evidence to confirm that he was a bomber. She later said she was against the attacks and that her husband's mind had been poisoned by "radicals".

By 2015, she herself had been accused of being behind the deaths of more than 400 people.

Lindsay exploded his bomb, killing 26 people, on a train travelling between King's Cross St Pancras and Russell Square stations. A raid by Scotland Yard found no other bombs at Lindsay's flat. He also owned one of the cars left at Luton railway station before the bombers made their journey to London.

On 22 July 2005, police and fire services were called to Lindsay's home in Aylesbury after neighbours reported a strong smell of petrol coming from it. It was suspected to be an arson attack as revenge against the 7/7 attacks on the empty property. Later it was revealed in the local media that Lindsay's wife and son were living under 
"police protection" and would not be returning home. In December 2005, two 17-year-olds were arrested Aylesbury Crown Court of arson in conditions where they were reckless as to whether the life of someone else could be put in danger and each sentenced to 18 months youth detention with a training order.

Exor

Exor N.V. is a holding company whick works under the Italian Agnelli family. It is headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands.

Exor was founded on July 27, 1927 by Giovanni Agnelli. The first name was "Istituto Finanziario Industriale."

In 1957, the company was acquired by IFI.

The French name "Exor" appeared in 2008 after the merger of IFI and IFIL.

In 2017, the company started Investor Day event which occured in Turin, Italy.

Gantofta

Gantofta is a locality in Helsingborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,338 people lived there.

Louis Dreyfus Company

The Louis Dreyfus Company is a merchant company founded in 1851. It works in agriculture, food processing, international shipping, and finance.

It is headquartered in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The company has 72 offices in more than 100 countries.

Louis Dreyfus Company was founded in 1851 in France.

The famous Dreyfus affair was in 1895.

In 2018, the company sold its metals platform to NCCL Natural Resources Investment Fund.


Offoy, Somme

Offoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Help! The Doctor Is Drowning

Help! The Doctor Is Drowning () is a 1974 Dutch comedy movie directed by Nikolai van der Heyde and starring Jules Croiset, Martine Bijl, Willeke van Ammelrooy, Ward de Ravet, Fanny Winkler, Frans Mulder.

Nightjar

Nightjars are medium-sized birds that are active during the dawn and dusk, or during the night. They can be found all over the world. They primarily feed on insects. In English, they are also known as goatsuckers, or bugeaters. The word goatsucker was translated to Latin as "Caprimulgus". Some of them are also called nighthawks. There are about 100 species.

Oisemont

Oisemont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Oissy

Oissy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Oresmaux

Oresmaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Oust-Marest

Oust-Marest is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bossey

Bossey is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Seynod

Seynod is a former commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Annecy.

Annecy-le-Vieux

Annecy-le-Vieux is a former commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Annecy.

Anastasia (daughter of Constantius I)

Anastasia () was a Roman woman of the Constantinian dynasty (a line of rulers who governed the Roman Empire during Late Antiquity). Anastasia was the daughter of the Roman emperor ConstantiusI, the half-sister of the emperor Constantine the Great, and the wife of Bassianus.

Anastasia's mother was Flavia Maximiana Theodora, the wife of Constantius I. (It is also possible that Anastasia was the daughter of Helena, mother of Constantine I, and not a daughter of Maximiana Theodora.)

Anastasia was written about by the Roman historian Ammianus Marcellinus and the writer of the "Anonymus Valesianus", a Latin history. The "Notitia Urbis Constantinopolitanae" says that Roman baths in Constantinople (the Romans' capital city) had Anastasia's name. Anastasia's name () may mean that her father had sympathy for Christian or Jewish culture.

There is no evidence that any of Constantius's daughters married before their father died. Anastasia's sister Constantia may have been the first to marry, and may have been the oldest of the siblings. Constantia married in 313. Anastasia herself married Bassianus in 316 or in 314. At that time, Anastasia's half-brother Constantine was emperor. He planned to make Bassianus (a junior co-emperor). Anastasia's brother-in-law Licinius (Constantine's junior co-emperor) did not want this to happen, and Bassianus did not become . After this Constantine executed Bassianus. The "Anonymus Valesianus" says that Bassianus's execution was because Bassianus planned treason. What became of Anastasia is unknown. The encyclopaedia "Brill's New Pauly" says that Anastasia "must have still been alive" when Constantine built the city of Constantinople, because of the Roman baths there with her name ().

In the 5th century, the Greek historians of Socrates Scholasticus and Sozomen both wrote that the got their name from another Anastasia, a daughter of the emperor Valens. This information is not correct.


Pringy, Haute-Savoie

Pringy is a former commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Annecy.

Boana albopunctata

The yellow-spotted tree frog, fasciated frog or spotted tree frog ("Boana albopunctata") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, Bolivia and Argentina.

Hasib Hussain

Hasib Mir Hussain (; 16 September 1986 – 7 July 2005) was one of four Al Qaeda suicide bombers who exploded bombs on three trains on the London Underground and one bus in central London during the 7 July 2005 London bombings.

Hussain exploded a bomb on the No. 30 bus that exploded in Tavistock Square, killing 13 of the 52 people killed in the suicide bombings, and himself. Investigators found his body and personal effects on the bus. At the age of 18, he was the youngest of the group of four. The other men were Shehzad Tanweer, Germaine Lindsay, and Mohammad Sidique Khan.

Shanti Arts

Shanti Arts (founded in 2011)is an American arts organisation founded by Christine Cote-former Director of Institutional Research at Bowdoin College. It is at Brunswick,Maine. It's main aim is to preserve passion for nature, for art, for beauty. It runs art gallery,publishes a journal called Still Point Arts Quarterly and many books by famous authors like Lynette G. Esposito,Krish V Krishnan,Joyce Tenneson and Lillo Way

Shanti Arts is an American arts organisation.It is situated at Brunswick,Maine. It's main aim is to preserve passion for nature, for art, for beauty. It runs art gallery,publishes a journal called Still Point Arts Quarterly and many books.It is inspired by the work of the Dalai Lama and has strong Buddhist leanings.

It publishes "Still Point Arts Quarterly" literary magazine four times a year.Each issue focuses on a theme and features historical and contemporary art, fiction, non-fiction, and poetry. The publication has been praised for its rich content and splendid layout and design.

It also runs art exhibitions at ”Shanti arts Gallery" which holds themed and yearly art exhibitions and call for artists and writers.Some of the artist featured are Shoshanna Ahart,Abby Zonies,Rose Palmieri,Jane Gottlieb,Sandeep Kumar Mishra,Theodosia A. G. Tamborlane,Laurie Goodhart,Jane Soodalter,MJ Edwards,Carolyn WarmSun. 

http://www.shantiarts.co/

Honey Bunny in Bank Robbery

Honey Bunny in Bank Robbery is a 2017 animated Indian movie. It is Sab Jholmaal Hai's first movie. The movie was released on 16th October 2017. It is also known as Sab Jholmaal Hai: Bank Robbery.

The movie is the story of 4 best friends: Honey, Bunny, Zordaar and Popat. They come together to help their neighbor, Mr. Khanna keep his job by solving a bank robbery and bringing the criminals to justice.

Glaspaleis

The Glaspaleis (English: "Glass Palace") is a building in Heerlen (Dutch Limburg), built in the years 1934-1935 and serves as the cultural centre.

Most part of the building is covered with glass. It belongs to the architecture of Het Nieuwe Bouwen, a style more or less comparable to that of the Bauhaus, Modernism and International Style. Architect is Frits Peutz, largely responsible for reshaping Heerlen in a modern way.

The Glaspaleis is one of the top thousand buildings of the twentieth century.


New Orleans (1947 movie)

New Orleans is a 1947 American romantic musical movie directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Arturo de Córdova, Dorothy Patrick, Marjorie Lord, Irene Rich, Billie Holiday, Richard Hageman, Woody Herman, Zutty Singleton, Barney Bigard. It was distributed by United Artists.


The Moving True Story of a Woman Ahead of Her Time

The Moving True Story of a Woman Ahead of Her Time (West Frisian title: Nynke) is a 2001 Dutch drama movie. Pieter Verhoeff directed the movie. Monic Hendrickx, Jeroen Willems, and Joke Tjalsma acted in it.

Cornelia Oberlander

Cornelia Hahn Oberlander (20 June 1921 – 22 May 2021) was German-born Canadian landscape architect. Her firm, Cornelia Hahn Oberlander Landscape Architects, was founded in 1953, when she moved to Vancouver. 

During her career she worked on the designs of many important buildings in Canada and the United States, including the Robson Square and the Law Courts Complex in Vancouver, the National Gallery of Canada, the Canadian Chancery in Washington D.C., the Library Square at the Vancouver Public Library, the Museum of Anthropology at the University of British Columbia, and Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly Building in Yellowknife. Cornelia Oberlander died of COVID-19 in Vancouver, British Columbia on 22 May 2021 during the COVID-19 pandemic in British Columbia. She died one month before her one hundredth birthday.

White stork

The white stork ("Ciconia ciconia") is a large bird in the stork family, Ciconiidae. Its plumage is mainly white, with black on the wings. Adults have long red legs and long pointed red beaks. They are on average from beak tip to end of tail, with a wingspan. 

The stork breeds in Europe, northwestern Africa, and Asia (east to southern Kazakhstan) and southern Africa. 

The white stork is a long-distance migrant. It winters in Sub-Saharan Africa to South Africa, or on the Indian subcontinent. When migrating between Europe and Africa, it avoids crossing the Mediterranean Sea and detours via the Levant in the east or the Strait of Gibraltar in the wes. The air thermals on which it depends for soaring do not form over water.

A carnivore, the white stork eats a wide range of animal prey, including insects, fish, amphibians, reptiles, small mammals and small birds. It takes most of its food from the ground, among low vegetation, and from shallow water. 
Though monogamous, the birds do not pair for life. Pairs build a large stick nest, which may be used for several years. Each year the female may lay a clutch of four eggs, which hatch roughly 33–34 days after being laid. Both parents take turns incubating the eggs, and both feed the young. The young leave the nest 58–64 days after hatching, and are fed by the parents for another 7–20 days.

Outlaws of the Rockies

Outlaws of the Rockies is a 1945 American western movie directed by Ray Nazarro and starring Charles Starrett, Tex Harding, Dub Taylor, Carole Mathews, Carolina Cotton, Spade Cooley. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Châtel, Haute-Savoie

Châtel is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

La Chapelle-d'Abondance

La Chapelle-d'Abondance is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Outrebois

Outrebois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pargny, Somme

Pargny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Noiseau

Noiseau is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Ormesson-sur-Marne

Ormesson-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Périgny, Val-de-Marne

Périgny, also known as Périgny-sur-Yerres, is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. In 2018, 2,672 people lived there.

The commune is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris. It is from the center.


Périgny

Périgny is the name of several communes in France:


Parvillers-le-Quesnoy

Parvillers-le-Quesnoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

R62 (New York City Subway car)

The R62 is a Kawasaki train car that was completed in 1985. Its in service on the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0 lines. The numbers of this model are 1301-1625.It is expected to be replaced by R262s in 2023-2026. The R62 runs on the 1, 3, 6 and Shuttle lines (Grand Central to be exact). They are sometimes confused with the R62A.

31st G8 summit

The 31st G8 summit took place from 6 to 8 July 2005 at the Gleneagles Hotel in Auchterarder, Scotland and hosted by Prime Minister Tony Blair. The locations of previous G8 summits to have been hosted by the UK include: London (1977, 1984, 1991); and Birmingham (1998). It is the first G8 summit to be held in Scotland. A sixth UK summit was held in Lough Erne in 2013; and a seventh UK summit was held in Carbis Bay in 2021.

The G8 is an unofficial yearly meetup for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The 31st G8 summit was the last summit for Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin and German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.

The summit was meant to be a place for fixing problems among its members. It was also seen as an opportunity for members to give each other encouragement in the face of hard economic decisions. The United Kingdom aimed to stop the problem of conflict among the G8 nations.

Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins

Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins is a 2008 American comedy movie directed by Malcolm D. Lee and starring Martin Lawrence, Joy Bryant, James Earl Jones, Margaret Avery, Mike Epps, Mo'Nique, Cedric the Entertainer, Nicole Ari Parker, Michael Clarke Duncan, Louis C.K.. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Eion Edgar

Sir Eion Sinclair Edgar (30 January 1945 – 14 June 2021) was a New Zealand businessman and philanthropist. He was the chairman of the investment company Forsyth Barr Group for 20 years until his retirement in 2018. He was chancellor of the University of Otago from 1999 and 2003. He was born in Dunedin. 

Edgar died of pancreatic cancer on 14 June 2021 in Queenstown. He was 76.

List of Norwegians

This is a list of noted or famous Norwegians. (The list is sorted by when they died; those who are alive, are farther down the list.)


Pendé

Pendé is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pernois

Pernois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pierregot

Pierregot is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pissy

Pissy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Jørgen Lorentzen

Jørgen Lorentzen (born 4 November 1956) is a Norwegian author and researcher of gender studies.

He has been chief of the trade union, "Norsk faglitterær forfatter- og oversetterforening". In 2019 he became a member of the municipal council of Nesodden.


Tix

Andreas Haukeland, who uses the stage name TIX, is a Norwegian songwriter and singer. He was in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with the song "Fallen Angel".

Andreas was born on April 12, 1993, in the village of Bærum. He is diagnosed with Tourette syndrome, what created the stage name for him, TIX (tics). He also suffered from loneliness and suicidal thoughts.

He gained a reputation as a producer of controversial Russian songs during the 2010s, and in 2015 he became nationally known for the much-disputed Russian song "Sheikh."

His first studio album, "Dømt og berømt", was released in September 2016 and reached number two on the Norwegian VG chart.TIX is a co-author of "Game Time" (Flo Rida ft. Sage The Gemini) and "Sweet but Psycho" (Ava Max).

He released his first solo single, "Shotgun," in 2018. Since then, he has been working on more serious and personal topics and singing more personal lyrics. [7] In the summer of 2019, TIX topped the VG list and was the most listened-to performer in Norway the following year.

On January 11, 2020, it became official that the singer's song "Ut av mørket" was also among the Norwegian national finalists' automatic finalists called the Melodi Grand Prix. The song was officially released on January 15, and the next day it was performed live for the first time in the MGP semi-finals. The song was originally written in English, so it already performed the English version of "Fallen Angel" in the MGP final. On February 20, 2021, it became official that the singer’s next song was selected by the audience at the 2021 Melodi Grand Prix national final, representing his country at the Eurovision Song Contest. He finished 18th.

Aftenposten

Aftenposten is a Norwegian newspaper. 

It was started in 1860; as of 2020, it is Norway's largest newspaper.

Fabrice Muamba

Fabrice Ndala Muamba (born 6 April 1988) is an English former professional footballer and current coach. He played as a central midfielder. Born in Zaire, Muamba moved to England at the age of 11 and later played for England up to under-21 level.

Muamba joined Arsenal's youth academy in 2002. After three years, he turned professional in 2005. He joined Birmingham City on loan in 2006. The move was made permanent in 2007. He made a total of 79 appearances for Birmingham City. In 2008, he joined Premier League club Bolton Wanderers. He made 148 appearances for Bolton, including 130 Premier League matches.

On 17 March 2012, Muamba had a cardiac arrest during an FA Cup match between Bolton and Tottenham Hotspur. Although his heart stopped for 78 minutes, he was successfully revived. He retired from professional football in August 2012 based on medical advice.

As of September 2018, Muamba is a youth coach at Rochdale.

Muamba was born in Kinshasa, Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo). In 1994, his father arrived in the UK after leaving Zaire because of his political views. He was given indefinite leave to remain in 1999. The rest of his family soon joined him.

Muamba married Shauna Magunda in October 2012. The couple have four children.

England U21

Killing of Winston Boogie Smith

Law enforcement authorities shot and killed Winston Boogie Smith, an armed 32-year-old black American man, in the Uptown area of Minneapolis at 2:08 p.m. CDT on June 3, 2021. Smith was being pursued by a special U.S. Marshall's Service task force that apprehends wanted fugitives. The arrest operation had the participation of several local police agencies in the U.S. state of Minnesota, but was not assisted by the Minneapolis Police Department. Smith had been convicted previously of aggravated robbery and sentenced to a 48-month prison term, but was released on parole instead of serving more time in jail. He also had a felony conviction in Ramsey County for firearm possession and missed a May 19 sentencing hearing that could have resulted in prison time.
In the afternoon on June 3, after eating at a nearby restaurant, Smith was inside a stationary vehicle, along with a female passenger, and atop a parking ramp at West Lake Street and Girard Avenue South as law enforcement closed in to arrest him. According to the U.S. Marshall’s Service in a statement they released soon after the incident, Smith “failed to comply and produced a handgun, resulting in task force members firing upon the subject". Officers fired approximately a dozen rounds, striking Smith. Aid rendered at the scene was unsuccessful and Smith was pronounced dead. The female passenger was treated for injuries from flying glass. Though few details were known about the incident, rioting and looting broke out overnight from June 3 to 4 in the Uptown area of West Lake Street in Minneapolis.

Smith was a local musician who went by the nickname Wince Me Boi. Years prior to the June 3 incident, he had boasted on social media posts that he would shoot police officers and not surrender, which drew controversy in the aftermath of the June 3 shooting. Smith had successfully fled in his car from Bloomington, Minnesota, police in who attempted to arrest him in 2020 on several warrants, and was facing a September 2021 hearing related to the high-speed chase from that incident.
The Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension (BCA) began an investigation of the officer-involved shooting on June 3. The BCA said that they believed that Smith had fired a gun at the apprehending officers from inside his vehicle, and they said that authorities had recovered a handgun and spent ammunition cartridge from the driver's side of the vehicle he was driving. Officers from the Hennepin County Sheriff's Office and Ramsey County Sheriff's Officer were reportedly the ones who shot at Smith.

Local organization Communities United Against Police Brutality held a rally near the shooting site on June 4 to call for officials to release video footage and other details of the shooting. As it was a federal investigation, the U.S. Marshall's Services prohibited law enforcement authorities who responded from using body or squad cameras. During the afternoon, protesters briefly blocked the intersection of Hennepin Avenue and West Lake Street. Minneapolis police later reopened the intersection by removing objects that had been placed as barricades and slashing the tires of vehicles blocking the street that were later towed away. Family and friends of Smith held a peaceful vigil in the evening near where he was killed.
Civil disorder resumed overnight from June 4 to 5 in the Uptown area of Minneapolis. Demonstrators returned to Lake Street area near Girard Avenue, and two dumpsters were lit on fire. Minneapolis police made several arrests in connection to late-night demonstrations.

Plachy-Buyon

Plachy-Buyon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Le Plessier-Rozainvillers

Le Plessier-Rozainvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pœuilly

Pœuilly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nam Da-won

Nam Da-won (; born May 27, 1997), better known by the mononym Dawon, is a South Korean singer and actress. She is best known for being a member of the South Korean-Chinese girl group WJSN.

On December 31, the final unit of WJSN was announced: Natural Unit (Mei Qi, Luda and Dawon).

Dawon officially debuted with WJSN on February 25, 2016 with the release of their debut mini album "Would You Like?", including the title tracks "Mo Mo Mo" and "Catch Me."

Jean-Philippe Vassal

Jean-Philippe Vassal (born 22 February 1954) is a French architect and educator. He runs the architectural practice Lacaton & Vassal with Anne Lacaton. The pair were jointly awarded the 2021 Pritzker Architecture Prize.

Vassal was born in Casablanca during the French Protectorate in Morocco. He graduated in architecture from the École nationale supérieure d'architecture et de paysage de Bordeaux (ENSAPBx) in 1980.


Anne Lacaton

Anne Lacaton (born 2 August 1955) is a French architect and educator. She runs the architectural practice Lacaton & Vassal with Jean-Philippe Vassal. The pair were jointly awarded the 2021 Pritzker Architecture Prize.

Lacaton was born in Saint-Pardoux-la-Rivière. She graduated in architecture from the École nationale supérieure d'architecture et de paysage de Bordeaux (ENSAPBx) in 1980.


Poix-de-Picardie

Poix-de-Picardie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ponches-Estruval

Ponches-Estruval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pont-de-Metz

Pont-de-Metz is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pont-Noyelles

Pont-Noyelles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Potte

Potte is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Contes

Contes is the name of two communes in France:

Haucourt

Haucourt is the name of several communes in France:

Haucourt, Oise

Haucourt is a commune. It is in the Oise department in northern France.

Le Quesnel

Le Quesnel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Poulainville

Poulainville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Wayne, Nebraska

Wayne is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Wayne County.

Rushville, Nebraska

Rushville is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Sheridan County.

Aurora, Nebraska

Aurora is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Hamilton County.

Boana cordobae

The Córdoba tree frog ("Boana cordobae") is a frog that lives in the Sierra de Cordoba and Sierra San Luis in Argentina.

The Young Man and Moby Dick

The Young Man and Moby Dick () is a 1979 Czech drama movie directed by Jaromil Jireš and starring Ivan Vyskocil, Eduard Cupák, Jana Brejchová, Zlata Adamovská, Jana Andresíková, Zdenek Blazek.

The Herd (movie)

The Herd () is a 1978 Turkish drama movie directed by Zeki Ökten and Yılmaz Güney. It stars Tarık Akan, Tuncel Kurtiz, Güler Ökten, Yaman Okay, Erol Demiröz.

Primal (video game)

Primal is an action-adventure video game, developed by SCE Campbridge Studio, and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. Originally released on PlayStation 2 home console, then later ported to the PlayStation Network in 2012, and Primal Remastered for PlayStation 4 in 2016 worldwide. It tells the story of Jennifer Tate, a 21-year-old woman where searching for her boy friend, through the series of demonic-realms. As the story of develops, more is revealed about Jen's past and her relationship with her boy friend, as well as the nature of demon worlds.

The first of Jen's form, wich offer increases stamina, strength, agillity and focuses on melee punches for a melee combat.

The second form obtain by Jen, the Undine form is usless above water, prolonged how use of which will reduce Jen's demonic health, where she can be killed in one strike. While in underwater, her health replenished backand she gains energy tentacles to strike the enemies on distance.

The Unknown Saint

The Unknown Saint is a 2019 Moroccan French Qatari crime drama movie directed by Alaa Eddine Aljem and starring Younes Bouab, Salah Ben Saleh, Bouchaib Semmak, Anas El Baz.

Haucourt, Seine-Maritime

Haucourt is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Haucourt-en-Cambrésis

Haucourt-en-Cambrésis is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Haucourt-Moulaine

Haucourt-Moulaine is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeast France.

Aiglun

Aiglun is the name of two communes in France:

Prouville

Prouville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Prouzel

Prouzel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Proyart

Proyart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Puchevillers

Puchevillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Germany, Pale Mother

Germany, Pale Mother () is a 1980 West German drama movie directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms and starring Eva Mattes, Ernst Jacobi, Elisabeth Stepanek, Angelika Thomas, Rainer Friedrichsen, Gisela Stein, Fritz Lichtenhahn.


Persian Gulf Studies Center

The Persian Gulf Studies Center PGSC, is an Institute of historical, geographical, geopolitical and strategic studies of the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea. This study center is a Non Governmental Organization in Iran.

The center has published many books, atlases and articles in Persian and held many seminars and festivals.

Documents on the Persian Gulf's name ,3d pan white



Death in Sarajevo

Death in Sarajevo () is a 2016 Bosnian drama movie directed by Danis Tanović and starring Snezana Markovic, Izudin Bajrovic, Vedrana Seksan, Muhamed Hadzovic, Faketa Salihbegovic, Edin Avdagic Koja, Jacques Weber.

Hallmark

A hallmark is an official mark or series of marks struck on items made of metal. The purpose is to certify the content of metals such as platinum, gold, silver and in some countries, palladium. 

In a more general sense, the term 'hallmark' can also be used to refer to any characteristic which signifies (signals) quality. So, in the 19th/20th centuries, marking steel cutlery as "made in Sheffield" was a guarantee of its quality. Historically, hallmarks were applied by a trusted party: the "guardians of the craft" or, more recently, by an assay office. Hallmarks are a guarantee of certain purity or fineness of the metal, as determined by official metal (assay) testing.

Alpine Fire

Alpine Fire () is a 1985 Swiss drama movie directed by Fredi M. Murer and starring Thomas Nock, Johanna Lier, Dorthea Moritz, Rolf Illig.

Fjällräven

Fjällräven (in translation from Swedish — "The Arctic fox") is a Swedish company specialising in clothing and backpacks. 

The company was founded in 1960 by Åke Nordin.

In 1983, the company was registered on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.

In 2012, Fjällräven opened its first store in New York. 

In 2013, founder Åke Nordin died at the age of 77.

Fjällräven products strong represented in the . Also company represented in other European countries. As of 2017, Fjällräven products are available in over 40 countries.


Orizont

Orizont is a 2015 Romanian action thriller movie directed by Marian Crișan and is the second version of the short story "The Mill of Good Luck". It stars András Hatházi, Rodica Lazăr, Valeriu Andriuță, Emilian Opera, Elena Purea.

Ericsson

Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson ("Telephone Stock Company of LM Ericsson"), known as Ericsson, is a Swedish multinational networking and telecommunications company.

The company was founded in 1876 by Lars Magnus Ericsson.

Ericsson introduced the world's first fully automatic mobile telephone system, MTA, in 1956.

In 2001, Ericsson, together with the Japanese company Sony, began production of Sony Ericsson cell phones.

The company works in 180 countries. In the company works about 100,000 employees.

The company is headquartered in Stockholm.

Metropolitan Police Specialist Firearms Command

The Specialist Firearms Command (SCO19) is the guns unit of the Metropolitan Police Service. They are responsible for responding with guns if needed, helping the rest of the service which are not usually armed.

They are full-time units whose members do not do any other duties. Sometimes, they have been referred to as the "blue berets", as they used to wear these. Today they are more likely to wear either blue baseball caps or special fighting helmets.

As of April 2019, the following guns are used by the Specialist Firearms Command:

Punchy

Punchy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Puzeaux

Puzeaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Querrieu

Querrieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Quend

Quend is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Quesnoy-le-Montant

Quesnoy-le-Montant is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Blind Spot (2012 movie)

Blind Spot () is a 2012 Luxembourgian Belgian crime movie directed by Christophe Wagner and starring André Jung, Jules Werner, Brigitte Urhausen, Gilles Soeder, Mickey Hardt, Patrick Descamps.

Quesnoy-sur-Airaines

Quesnoy-sur-Airaines is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Quevauvillers

Quevauvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Quiry-le-Sec

Quiry-le-Sec is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Quivières

Quivières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rafiki

Rafiki () is a 2018 Kenyan drama movie directed by Wanuri Kahiu and starring Samantha Mugatsia, Sheila Munyiva, Nini Wacera, Charlie Karumi, Muthoni Gathecha.

Raincheval

Raincheval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rainneville

Rainneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yuri Kochiyama

Yuri Kochiyama (formerly Mary Yuriko Nakahara; May 19, 1921 - June 1, 2014) was a Japanese-American civil rights activist. This passion led her to initiate reparations for interned Japanese-Americans during World War 2. As one of the thousands of Japanese-Americans sent to concentration camps, she felt strongly about the cause. The imprisonment and death of her father helped her to become an advocate for the oppressed. She stood for and admired other activists such as Malcolm X, Che Guevarra, Patrice Lumumba, and Fidel Castro. Specifically, Kochiyama was friends with Malcolm X, an African-American human rights activist in the 1960s. She was a part of Malcolm's Organization of Afro-American Unity, and took part in the film "Death of a Prophet", where she played herself. Later in her career, Yuri Kochiyama was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize in 2005. 

Click (2006 movie)

Click is a 2006 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Frank Coraci and starring Adam Sandler, Kate Beckinsale, Christopher Walken, David Hasselhoff, Henry Winkler, Julie Kavner, Sean Astin. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2007.


Mburumba Kerina

Mburumba Kerina (born William Eric Getzen; 6 June 1932 – 14 June 2021) was a Namibian politician, academic, and author. He was a co-founder of SWAPO, NUDO, and FCN. He was a member of Namibia's Constituent Assembly, as well as the National Assembly and the National Council. 

Kerina created the name "Namib" for the independent state "Namibia" on the territory of South West Africa.

Kerina died from COVID-19 in Windhoek on 14 June 2021 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Namibia, eight days after his 89th birthday.

City Government of Oslo

The City Government ("Byrådet") of Oslo, Norway makes decisions about Oslo; the City Government gets elected by Oslo's city council.

From 16 June 2021, the city has a caretaker government, and its leader is Raymond Johansen; earlier in the day (16 June) the 9 members of the City Government lost their position; they were

RollBots

RollBots is a Canadian animated television series created by Michael Milligan (screen name "MCM") and produced by Amberwood Entertainment. The TV show premiered in Canada on YTV on February 7, 2009.

The series is set in Flip City, home of eleven different RollBot tribes. The show follows Spin and the members of the Flip City Police Department (FCPD) as they fight crime.



"RollBots" was first announced in 2008. The series was originally planned to be produced over five seasons, but was cancelled after one due to budget problems.

"RollBots" premiered on YTV in Canada on February 7, 2009. The series first aired on The CW4Kids in the United States on September 19, 2009. Soon it will start airing reruns on Starz in Canada.

Snopes

Snopes is a web site to check facts. It was popular to use this site to destroy myths and city legends in American modern culture.

It was created in 1994, by David and Barbara Mikkelson. They started a web site that later become Snopes.com. The site was very popular and a lot of users begun filling it with texts and pictures.

The mission of the web site was to declare true or false different city legends. Snopes.com is often used as a source for reporting on channels such as CNN, Fox News Channel and MSNBC. The popularity of Snopes.com is at such a level that many deliberately false rumors and legends claim that they have already been "verified" on the site. In March 2009, the website traffic reached 6.2 million people per month.

Ningthou Kangba

Ningthou Kangba (; 1405 BC-1359 BC) was a king of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. He invented Sagol Kangjei, the earliest form of the modern day polo sports.
He was the son of King Tangja Leela Pakhangba (1445 BC-1405 BC) and Queen Sinbee Leima. He was the consort of Queen Leima Taritnu, daughter of a king named Nongpok Ningthou of the Nongmaiching Hill in the east of Imphal.

According to the Ningthou Kangbalon, an ancient historical account of his family, King Kangba was born in a cave in the Mount Koubru in northern Manipur. Some historians thought that he belonged to the house of the Salang Leishangthem dynasty. However, some thought that he belonged to the house of the Khaba Nganba dynasty.

In 2018, the Government of Manipur proclaimed that a heritage site will be developed in memory of the king in the Kangmong village, to promote tourism.


Sidewalks of New York (2001 movie)

Sidewalks of New York is a 2001 American comedy-drama movie directed by Edward Burns (in which he also stars) and starring Rosario Dawson, David Krumholtz, Brittany Murphy, Stanley Tucci, Heather Graham, Dennis Farina. It was distributed by Paramount Classics.

Rambures

Rambures is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rancourt, Somme

Rancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Jussy

Jussy is the name of several places in Europe:



Pers-Jussy

Pers-Jussy is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

Canal 5 (Mexican TV channel)

Canal 5 is a Mexican free-to-air television network owned by Televisa. It traces its origins to the foundation of Channel 5 in Mexico City in 1952. Its identification code is XHGC-TDT.

WhiteWater World

WhiteWater World is a waterpark located at Dreamworld, which is in Gold Coast, Australia. Construction on the park began in 1989, following the near completion of Disney California Adventure. The park went into adjacent later that year, but it was delayed when construction were re-assigned to help finish Disney's Hollywood Studios. This was the second Designed park not to include any locations, the first one being Universal Studios Japan. This Construction opening also includes a major refurbishment for Dis­ney's Hol­ly­wood Stu­dios, a construction adjacent to Disney California Adventure. In 1998, the park was opening along with Tokyo Dis­ney­Sea as a major refurbishment nearby, but it carries the un-restored 2016 print. While it did not repeat the owner success of acquired previous attraction parks, Wet 'n Wild Orlando and Uni­ver­sal Stu­dios Japan, it was successful on nearby, becoming one of the similarly-themed location soft openings ever. On its construction opening, it competed directly with Mandalay Bay, same day on the opening day. re-issue of Universal Studios Florida and in construction when it opening Disney's Hollywood Studios around the same time as Marina Bay Sands.

LoliRock

LoliRock is an French animated series made by Marathon Media in partnership with the French studio Zodiak Kids.

Iris is a sweet fifteen-year-old blonde girl who likes to sing and help others.

Disney's Grand Californian Hotel

Disney's Grand Californian Hotel is a place in the Disneyland Resort Area, in Disneyland. It opened in 1955.

Downtown Disney (California)

Downtown Disney is a district located in the Disneyland Resort Area. It is located in Disneyland. It was opened on January 12, 2001.

Disneyland Hotel

Disneyland Hotel is a hotel located in Disneyland Resort Area. It is located in Disneyland.

Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular

Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular was a Disney show based on Aladdin.

Sleeping Beauty Castle

Sleeping Beauty Castle is a fairy tale castle at the center of Disneyland. Disney's builders used forced perspective and other optical illusions to make it look taller than it really is.

Grizzly Peak (Disneyland Resort)

Grizzly Peak is a land at the Disney California Adventure Park at the Disneyland Resort in California.

Universal Studios Florida

Universal Studios Florida, also known as "Universal Orlando Resort", is one of four Universal Studios theme parks. It is in Orlando, Florida. The park opened on June 7, 1990.

Beauty and the Beast Live on Stage

Beauty and the Beast: Live on Stage is a musical at the Theater of the Stars, at Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World.

In 2020, during the global coronavirus pandemic, the play was stopped. Walt Disney World showed the Disney Society Orchestra instead. At the time, Disney was in a fight with the Actors Equity Association about whether to open the park during the pandemic.

Walt Disney Studios Park

Walt Disney Studios Park is one of the two theme parks built at Disneyland Paris in Marne-la-Vallée, France, which opened on 16 March 2002. In 2019, the park received approximately 5.2 million guests.

Handy Manny

Handy Manny is a Disney show and a children's television series. It premiered its first two episodes on September 16, 2006, the show of Handy Manny it aired on Discovery Family on October 3, 2013 before Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures is on.

Robozuna

Robozuna is an British animated series made in partnership with the Italian studio KidsCave Entertainment.

The series depicts the adventures of Ariston.

Main Street, U.S.A.

Main Street, U.S.A. is a type of place in many Disney parks around the world. There is a Main Street U.S.A. in Disneyland in California and another in Walt Disney World in Florida. Main Street U.S.A. is meant to look like an old-fashioned American street from the early 1900s. For example, there are street lamps meant to look like gas lamps and carriages pulled by horses.

Redakai: Conquer the Kairu (TV series)

Redakai: Conquer the Kairu is an French animated series made in partnership with the French studio Marathon Media.

The series depicts the adventures of Ky Stax.

Hong Kong Disneyland Resort

The Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is a resort in Hong Kong built and owned by Hong Kong International Theme Parks Limited. It opened in September 12, 2005.

Shanghai Disney Resort

Shanghai Disney Resort is a themed resort in Pudong, Shanghai, China. It opened to the public on June 16, 2016.

Elelwani

Elelwani is a 2012 South African romantic drama movie directed by Ntshavheni wa Luruli and was based on the novel by Titus Ntsiene Maumela. It stars Florence Masebe, Vusi Kunene, Mutodi Neshehe, Sammy Moeti.

Win Ben Stein's Money

Win Ben Stein's Money is an American television game show created by Al Burton and Donnie Brainard that aired first-run episodes from July 28, 1997 to January 31, 2003, on Comedy Central.

Crazy Eddie

Crazy Eddie was a consumer electronics chain in the Northeastern United States. The chain was started in 1971 in Brooklyn, New York, by businessmen Eddie and Sam M. Antar, and was previously named ERS Electronics (ERS stood for Eddie, Rose and Sam; Rose and Sam were Eddie's parents).

Tokyo Disney Resort

Tokyo Disney Resort is a theme park and resort in Japan, just east of Tokyo.

Roy Wood Jr.

Roy Wood, Jr. (born December 11, 1978) is an American humorist, comedian, DJ, actor, producer, and writer.

The Humpty Dance

"The Humpty Dance" is a song by the rap group Digital Underground from their debut album "Sex Packets". Released as the second single from the album in January 1990, it reached No. 11 on the pop chart, No. 7 on the R&B chart, and No. 1 on the "Billboard" Rap Singles chart. The song is sung by Shock G's alter ego, "Humpty Hump", marking the character's second musical appearance; the first was Digital Underground's "Doowutchyalike," a pre-album video-single released in the spring of 1989. The song has been sampled by many different artists and producers. In the song's video, a young Tupac Shakur is visible in the background.

In 2008, "The Humpty Dance" was ranked No. 30 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop and No. 65 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the 90s in 2007. The song was selected as one of many songs to hear and download in the musical reference book "1001 Songs You Must Hear Before You Die: And 10,001 You Must Download". The song was nominated for Best Rap Video at the 1990 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to "U Can't Touch This" by MC Hammer. Canadian television channel MuchMoreMusic's series "Back In..." rated the song's video as one of the worst of 1990.

Aspremont

Aspremont is the name of two communes in France:


Apremont

Apremont is the name of several communes in France:


Apremont, Ardennes

Apremont is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Ardennes department in north France.

Apremont, Oise

Apremont is a commune. It is in the Oise department in northern France.

Vonage

Vonage is an American telecommunications company. The company is a publicly held business cloud based communications provider. It is headquartered in Holmdel Township, New Jersey. The company was founded in 2001 as a provider of residential telecommunications services based on voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP). In July 2022, Ericsson completed its acquisition of Vonage for $6.2 billion.

Commandant of the Marine Corps

The Commandant of the Marine Corps (CMC) is normally the highest-ranking officer in the United States Marine Corps and is a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

White-edged tree frog

The white-edged tree frog or white-banded tree frog ("Boana albomarginata") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia and the Guianas.

Parents Music Resource Center

The Parents Music Resource Center (PMRC) was an American organization. It was established in 1985. The founders of this organization were Pam Howar, Tipper Gore (the wife of Al Gore), Sally Nevius and Susan Baker.

Their stated goal was increasing parental control over the access of children of music that had violent themes, sexual lyrics, themes of drugs or other substandard behaviors in the lyrics by labeling studio albums under Parental Advisory stickers.

As a method for tackling the problem, the PMRC wanted a voluntary move by the RIAA or the music industry. PMRC wanted them to develop a similar rating system to the Motion Picture Association of America. Other recommendations by the PMRC which appeared in an article in the "Washington Post" were: printing warnings and song lyrics on album covers, forcing record stores to put albums having explicit covers under the counters.

The PMRC made a list of fifteen songs in music. At that time, they found the songs the most objectionable. These songs are listed under the "Filthy Fifteen" list by the PMRC, with the reasons for which the songs are listed.

On November 1, 1985, the RIAA agreed to put "Parental Advisory" stickers on certain releases at their own discretion. Many record stores wouldn't sell albums having the label (for example: Walmart). Others limited the sales of such albums to adults.


Other musicians or singers, including Eminem, Rage Against the Machine and Megadeth.

Belcher, Louisiana

Belcher is a village in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Slaughter, Louisiana

Slaughter is a town in East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hinduism in South Asia

In South Asia, Hinduism is a the majority population followed by nearly 70% of people in the region. It is a majority religion in Nepal and India, while second biggest religion in Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Bhutan. Though there are very less Hindus in Afghanistan, and no Hindu in Maldives.


Hinduism in Sri Lanka

Hinduism is a one of the minority religion in Sri Lanka and is second most followed religion after Theravada Buddhism. Hinduism is followed by nearly 12.6% of total population as of 2012. Most of them are Tamils.

Most Sri Lankan Hindus follow the Shaiva Siddhanta school of Shaivism, and some follow Shaktism. Sri Lanka is home to the five abodes of Shiva: Pancha Ishwarams, holy places built by King Ravana. Murugan is one of the country's most popular Hindu deities, venerated by Hindu Tamils also the Buddhist Sinhalese and Aboriginal Veddas venerate the local rendition of the deity, Katharagama deviyo.


Terrence Malick

Terrence Frederick Malick (born November 30, 1943) is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer.

His career began with the films "Badlands" (1973) and "Days of Heaven" (1978). These films belonged to New Hollywood-films.

In 1998 the film "The Thin Red Line" was released. Mallick was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay. He was also awarded the Golden Bear at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival. For the film "Tree of Life" (2011) he received Palme d'Or at the 64th Cannes Film Festival. 

Luwang Ningthou Punshiba

Luwang Ningthou Punshiba, shortly known as Luwang Punshiba (), is a king of the Luwang dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) civilization. He is best known for his long life and outstanding wisdom in Manipuri folklore and history of Manipur.
According to the Hijan Hirao and the Hirol, he is the originator of the Hiyang Tannaba (boat race) with the invention of the Hiyang Hiren (traditional boat).
Some historians opined that Luwang Ningthou Punshiba is the fourth descendant of Poireiton and he has nine wives.
Regarding relationship with the Meitei kings of the Ningthouja dynasty, Punshiba gave training of state craft and the art of governance to Naothingkhong (663 AD-763 AD) when he was a prince. Besides, the great grandson of Luwang Ningthou Punshiba (from his first wife) got married to Meitei king Naothingkhong's daughter.

However, he is also considered as a mythological divine figure in some literary works.

Apremont, Savoie

Apremont is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Apremont, Haute-Saône

Apremont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Apremont-la-Forêt

Apremont-la-Forêt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Apremont-sur-Allier

Apremont-sur-Allier is a commune of 71 people (2018). It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Regnière-Écluse

Regnière-Écluse is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Thirty-sixth government of Israel

The thirty-sixth government of Israel was installed on June 13, 2021.

Prime Minister is Yair Lapid (Yesh Atid) after Naftali Bennett resigned in June 2022. Bennett later became Alternate Prime Minister of Israel.

The Bennett-Lapid Government is an eight-party coalition with a range of political views from right to left. These parties united with one main goal: sending Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (HaLikud) into the opposition.

Just 61 members of the 24th Knesset were supporting this government. This was only one over half the total of 120 members.

Because the number of supporting Knesset members fell under 60 in June 2022, the government has been caretaking from July 1, 2022 to December 29, 2022.

The following eight parties are participating:


Remaisnil

Remaisnil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Epicentro

Epicentro is a 2020 Spanish language documentary movie directed by Hubert Sauper and starring Oona Chaplin.

Remaugies

Remaugies is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Remiencourt

Remiencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rethonvillers

Rethonvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Revelles

Revelles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ribeaucourt, Somme

Ribeaucourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Potomanto

Potomanto is a 2013 Ghanaian Georgian Nigerian action thriller movie directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso and starring Olu Jacobs, Adjetey Anang, Christabel Ekeh, Yvonne Okoro, Marie Humbert, Mikki Osei Berko.

François Rabelais

François Rabelais (circa 1483-1553) was a French Renaissance writer, physician, humanist, monk and Greek scholar. He is primarily known as author of satire and grotesque novel named "Gargantua and Pantagruel."


Power Stone Collection

Power Stone Collection, known as Power Stone Portable (パワーストーン ポータブル) in Japan, is a game released for the PlayStation Portable in 2006 and later ported as a download-only version for the PlayStation Vita in 2012. It includes "Power Stone" and "Power Stone 2" along with extra content, such as 12 new items, the ability to play as Kraken and Valgas in the second game and Pete, Julia, Gourmand, and Accel in the first game. However, the VMU features from the second game were removed.


Bergen Line

The Bergen Line or the Bergen Railway is a standard-gauge railway line between Bergen and Hønefoss, in Norway. It is the highest mainline railway line in Northern Europe. This route is very picturesque because of the many mountains.

The railway opened from Bergen to Voss in 1883. In 1909 the route was continued over the mountain to Oslo and the whole route converted to standard gauge.

Ragweed

Ragweeds are flowering plants in the genus Ambrosia in the family Asteraceae. The most widespread species of the flower in North America is "Ambrosia artemisiifolia".There are over 40 species. Most of them occur in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. Several species have been introduced to the Old World. Some have naturalized and have become invasive species. Ragweed species are expected to continue spreading across Europe in the near future because of climate change.

Maliyapham Palcha

Maliyapham Palcha (1359 BC-1329 BC), also known as Mari Ya Phambal Cha or Koi Koi, is a king of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. He is the successor and one of the nine sons of King Ningthou Kangba (1405 BC-1359 BC) as evident in the Ningthou Kangbalon.
He ascended the throne at the age of twenty five and introduced a calendar system called the Mari-Fam or Maliyapham (later known as the Meetei calendar).

Rock n Roll

Rock n Roll is a song by singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne. This song is on her self titled album which was released in 2013. The song is a message to her fans that even though she is older now, that doesn't take away the fact that she's still the same rock chick she introduced herself as in 2002. This song has a similar feel to her other song titled "Smile" (which is on her "Goodbye Lullaby" album, released in 2011). They both express how the young lady still has some edge to her despite the changing times. In the "Rock n Roll" music video, Avril plays a bisexual character and at one point in the video, she kisses her partner on the lips before she gets in a car crash. The music video really adds to the idea that this song is about simply not giving a flip and just having fun with your life.

World Trade Center station (PATH)

World Trade Center is a terminal station on the PATH system. It is placed inside the complex of buildings named World Trade Center in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City.



A Man Called Peter

A Man Called Peter is a 1955 American drama movie directed by Henry Koster and was adapted from the 1951 biography of the same name by Catherine Marshall. It stars Richard Todd, Jean Peters, Marjorie Rambeau, Jill Esmond, Les Tremayne, Richard Garrick, Gladys Hurlbut and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1956.

Cheltenham Ladies' College

Cheltenham Ladies' College is an English independent Public school for girls in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire. It takes boarding and day school girls aged 11 to 18. It is the best-known all-girls' schools in the country. 

The school was established in 1853 to give "a sound academic education for girls". It is also a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference. 

In 2020, Cheltenham Ladies' College was named Southwest Independent School of the Decade by "The Times and The Sunday Times".

Purble Place

Purble Place is a set of three learning games created by Oberon Media, which no longer exists, for Microsoft.

These games were designed for Windows Vista and Windows 7. They were not included in Windows 8.

"Purble Place" was first shown in Windows Vista build 5219, together with "Chess Titans" and "Mahjong Titans".

The collection features one main screen with three game packs: "Purble Pairs", "Comfy Cakes", and "Purble Shop".

Purble Pairs is a memory game like Concentration, where the goal is to clear the board in the fewest turns.

As the difficulty increases, a timer appears, the grid size grows, and more similar images are used.

The Beginner level has one 5x5 grid, Intermediate has two 6x6 grids, and Advanced has four 8x8 grids per game (with different shapes).

Special pairs and features are available in higher levels, such as a jester that finds a match, a card that shuffles the board, a clock that adds time, and a chef that matches cake cards.

A Sneak Peek bonus lets the player see all cards for a short time, but each card seen counts as a turn. This game isn't in Purble Place v0.4, an early version from 2005.

Comfy Cakes is a hand-eye coordination game.

The goal is to make cakes that match a given specification by controlling a conveyor belt with different cake-making stations.

Cake elements include pan shapes (square, circular or heart-shaped), batter flavors (strawberry, chocolate or vanilla), three cake layerings (red, green or white), optional icing (strawberry, chocolate or vanilla), and decorations (decorations such as sugar can be sprinkled on top of the cake. In some rare cases, flames are applied to iced cakes to create a smooth glaze.).

There's also a rotate button in v0.4.

If the cake doesn't match the specification, the player is penalized, and the cake is thrown away.

The game ends if two or three wrong orders are sent.

To win, the player must complete a certain number of correct orders.

The final score depends on the number of cakes made, incorrect orders, and the player's efficiency.

At higher levels, the specifications become more complex, and multiple cakes must be made on a single conveyor belt.

The player makes around five to eight cakes in one difficulty level. If the player tries an incorrect move, the computer says it's not allowed.

Purble Shop is a code-breaker game where the computer chooses up to five features (topper, eyes, nose, mouth, and clothes) and hides their colors from the player.

The can choose from five colors (red, purple, yellow, blue, and green) and use each color once, several times, or not at all.

The player then tries to guess the correct feature colors in a limited number of attempts.

It's like a game called Mastermind where you have to use your brain to figure out the right colors.

There are three difficulty levels:



Tangja Leela Pakhangba

Tangja Leela Pakhangba () (1445 BC-1405 BC) is the first king of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) civilization. He is the father of King Ningthou Kangba (1405 BC-1359 BC) and the grandfather of King Maliyapham Palcha (Koi Koi) (1359 BC-1329 BC). He is the consort of Queen Sinbee Leima, the daughter of the chief of the Leihou tribe.
The history of Manipur accounts for many kings with the name "Pakhangba", more or less having reference to God Pakhangba, among which ""Tangja Leela Pakhangba"" is one.


Love Somebody

"Love Somebody" is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was released on May 14, 2013. It was final single from their fourth studio album "Overexposed" (2012).

Somebody That I Used to Know

"Somebody That I Used to Know" is a song written by Belgian-Australian singer-songwriter Gotye, featuring New Zealand singer Kimbra. The song was released in Australia and New Zealand by Eleven Music on 5 July 2011. It's second single from Gotye's third studio album, "Making Mirrors" (2011).

Ribemont-sur-Ancre

Ribemont-sur-Ancre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Anima mundi

Anima mundi or world soul is religious and natural philosophic concept. It means unified inner nature of the world, thought of as God or Supreme Being. This Being have ambitions, views and feelings. World soul means that the Universe also has a soul. It means also that Universe soul and human soul can be united to create a common world soul.

As early as the lifetime of Plato, people have known about this idea; Plato believed and followed (or adhered) to this idea.

 identifying the universe as a living being:

Baltimora (band)

Baltimora was a British/Italian electronic band group from the 1980s, most famous for the song "Tarzan Boy".


Riencourt

Riencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mr. Nobody (movie)

Mr. Nobody is a 2009 science fiction drama movie written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael. It takes place in the future when there is only one survivor named Nemo (means Nobody) left on Earth. The main role (Nemo) was played by American actor and musician Jared Leto. 

"Mr. Nobody" had its world premiere at the 66th Venice International Film Festival. There it received the Golden Osella and the Biografilm Lancia Award.



Rivery

Rivery is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Turkey at the UEFA European Championship

Turkey has been in 5 UEFA European Championships (1996, 2000, 2008, 2016, and 2020). Their best performance was reaching the semi-finals in 2008. 

Semih Şentürk has scored 3 goals for Turkey in the UEFA Euro Championships, more than any other player.

Quarter-finals

Quarter-finals

Semi-finals

These players have scored goals for Turkey in a UEFA Championship.




Deniz Türüç

Deniz Türüç (born 29 January 1993 in Enschede, Netherlands) is a Dutch-born professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is currently on loan at İstanbul Başakşehir from Fenerbahçe. He also plays for the Turkey national team.

He scored his first goal for Turkey against Moldova in their 4-0 win on 10 September 2019. In 2013, he represented the Netherlands under-20 team but decided to play for Turkey afterwards,


Rogy

Rogy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

1970 Ancash Earthquake

On 31st May 1970, there was an earthquake in Peru. It had a magnitude of 7.9 on the Richter scale. Thousands of houses were destroyed; there were many landslides. Estimates are that about 800,000 people lost their homes, and about 70,000 people died. It was probably the biggest earthquake in the modern history of Peru. The city of Yungay was almost completely destroyed.

Roiglise

Roiglise is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Poppenricht

Poppenricht is a municipality in the district of Amberg-Sulzbach in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.


Juvigny, Haute-Savoie

Juvigny is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

ACCOLC

ACCOLC (Access Overload Control) was a process in the United Kingdom for limiting mobile telephone use in times of emergencies. It is like the GTPS (Government Telephone Preference Scheme) for landlines.

This process allowed the telephone networks to limit access in a specific area to registered numbers only and is normally started by the Police Incident Commander (although it can be invoked by the Cabinet Office). The emergency services are responsible for registering their key numbers in advance.

ACCOLC was replaced by MTPAS (Mobile Telecommunication Privileged Access Scheme) in 2009.

ACCOLC was deployed at the Hillsborough disaster.


Demerara Falls tree frog

The Demerara Falls tree frog ("Boana cinerascens") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia, Peru and Venezuela.

The adult male frog is 3.1 to 3.5 cm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 3.3 to 3.7 cm long. The skin on their backs is green with small yellow spots and smaller red spots. The skin on their bellies can be blue.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. The female can lay eggs any time of the year, 400 at a time. She usually lays eggs near streams. The tadpoles hide in the dead leaves near the bottom of the stream.

My Fair Laddy

"My Fair Laddy" is the 12th episode of "The Simpsons" 17th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on February 26, 2006. The episode is a parody of the musical "My Fair Lady". The episode has some songs from the musical: "Wouldn't It Be Loverly", "The Rain in Spain", and "I Could Have Danced All Night".

In the episode, Groundskeeper Willie's shack gets destroyed and he must live with the Simpson family. Lisa wants to help him act like a gentleman. About 9.51 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Dadeumi

Dadeumi or Kinuta is a Korean, and Japanese traditional ironing. The washed cloth is placed on a stand in a dry state and beaten on it with a stick to smooth out wrinkles and soften.

Teeth blackening

Teeth blackening or teeth lacquering is a custom in which a person's teeth are dyed black. It was most common in Southeast Asian and Oceanic cultures. It was most common with Austronesian, Austroasiatic, and Kra–Dai-speaking peoples. It was also done in Japan before the Meiji era and in India. Some groups in the Americas have also followed the custom. For example, it is practiced by the Shuar people of northern Peru and Ecuador.

Teeth blackening is usually done during puberty. It was done to help keep the teeth into old age. This is because it prevents tooth decay in ways similar to modern dental sealants. It was seen as a sign of maturity, beauty and civilization. Teeth blackening is often done with traditions of tooth sharpening and dental evulsion. It was also done with other body modification customs like tattoos. Teeth blackening and filing were seen as strange by early European explorers and colonists. 

The practice is still done in some ethnic groups in Southeast Asia and Oceania. It has stopped being done after Western beauty standards were introduced during the colonial era. It is still done by many minority groups in China, Pacific Islands and Southeast Asia. It is seen most often with older women but the practice is still done by some younger women. 

Teeth blackening is commonly confused with the red-stained teeth. Betel chewing causes the teeth to be stained red. However, it damages the teeth and gums. Teeth blackening does not cause damage to the teeth.

PATH system

Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH) is a 13.8-mile rapid transit system in USA.

Cloak and Dagger (1946 movie)

Cloak and Dagger is a 1946 American World War II spy thriller movie directed by Fritz Lang and was inspired by the novel of the same name by Corey Ford and Alastair MacBain. It stars Gary Cooper, Robert Alda, Lilli Palmer, Vladimir Sokoloff, Marjorie Hoshelle, Dan Seymour, James Flavin and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Japanese art

Japanese art includes a large range of art: ink painting (gohua), ancient pottery, sculpture, origami, calligraphy on silk, woodblock prints, ceramics, ukiyo-e.

In modern Japan it includes also manga and anime. 

Himno Nacional Mexicano

The "Mexican National Anthem" (), also known by its opening line "Mexicans, at the cry of war" (Spanish: "Mexicanos, al grito de guerra"), is the national anthem of Mexico. The anthem was first used in 1854. Later, in 1854, he asked Jaime Nunó to compose the music which now accompanies González's poem. The national anthem, consisting of ten stanzas and a chorus, effectively entered into use on September 16, 1854.

George Cromwell

George Cromwell (July 3, 1860 – September 17, 1934) was an American politician from New York state.

He was the son of Henry Bouman Cromwell. He studid at the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute and finished the Yeli College in 1883. In 1886 he finished Columbia's law school. After that he worked in the field of law.

From 1889 to 1897, he worked in a law firm "Bachtora, Stillman & Hubbard". In 1897 he created his own law firm in New York city.

He was also a member of the New York Senate from 1915 to 1918.

His wife was Herminer de Rouvchal. They did not have children.  


Clario

Clario Tech DMCC is a cybersecurity company, founded in 2019 to protect computer users’ rights. The company is headquartered in Dubai, UAE.

Clario’s main office is in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates.

In December 2019, Clario acquired Kromtech Allience Corp, including MacKeeper and Human Capital. This year, the app was verified by Apple and received AppEsteem certification.

In 2020, the company reported Facebook to be a leader as a personal data hacker.

In 2021, the company made the research comparing the tech companies and countries.

Since May 2021, MacKeeper works under Clario Tech.

Clario provides a kind of antivirus based on Bitdefender for customers’ digital security.

It consists of the software and on-demand tech experts help at the same time.

The technology was launched in 2020.

It is available on Android, IOS, macOS.

The services provided:


The Clario’s founder is a Ukrainian entrepreneur, Mykola Tymkiv.

Alun Baker is the CEO.

There are 500-1,000 employees in the company.


Kylie Verzosa

Kylie Fausto Verzosa (born February 7, 1992) is a Filipino actress, model and miss International 2016.

Verzosa was born in the city of Baguio, Philippines. She finished from Manila Athenaeum University with a Bachelor of Business Administration and worked as a teacher. She become a member of the Professional Models Association of the Philippines.

Verzosa took part at Miss International 2016 in Japan where she was won the crown of Miss International 2016. 

Celtrak

Celtrak Ltd. is an IT and electronic engineering company in Galway, Ireland. Celtrak works across Europe, North America, and the Middle East. The company makes GPS products for civil engineering and utilities in Ireland, the UK and Europe.

Celtrak Limited was founded in 2000.

The company also undertook wireless technology research in partnership with NUIG. The company has been involved in developing technology to help drivers improve fuel efficiency.

The company now focuses on delivering GPS solutions to the civil engineering and utilities space in Ireland, the UK and Europe. Oil distribution companies also use the technology for fleet management.

In early 2008, Celtrak received a €1 million investment from Egis, a French engineering company.

In October 2015, Thermo King bought Celtrak. Celtrak is also an industrial partner in the Digital Enterprise Research Institute (DERI).

New York University Tisch School of the Arts

The New York University Tisch School of the Arts is part of New York University.

It was founded on August 17, 1965. It is a training place for actors and filmmakers. The school has the practical and technical education cources together with the academic resources.

The school consists of three Institutes:
As of 2019, more than 20 Academy Award winners studied or had close connections with the Tisch School of the Arts. The Tisch school had about 25,000 alumni.

The Tisch School of the Arts was founded to improve education for both theater and film industries. In 1985, Preston Robert Tisch gave the money to the school that helped to renovate it and buy new locatis on Broadway. As a symbol of gratefulness of the school's management and the generosity of the Tisch, the school got its modern name.


Eddie Holman

Eddie Holman (born June 3, 1946) is an American singer and recording artist, best known for his distinctively high singing voice and his 1970 hit song "Hey There Lonely Girl". His specialties range from R&B and pop to gospel.


Citrix Systems

Citrix Systems, Inc. is an American multinational software company. Company provides server, application and desktop virtualization, networking, software as a service (SaaS), and cloud computing technologies. 

Citrix products use by over 400,000 clients worldwide. Citrix has headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Santa Clara, California. Also company has additional development centers in Canada, Denmark, Germany, India, and the United Kingdom.

Citrix was founded in Richardson, Texas, in 1989 by former IBM developer Ed Iacobucci, who served as head of the company till 2000. The company's first employees were five other IBM engineers Iacobucci invited to join his team. 

Citrix was originally named Citrus but changed its name after an existing company claimed trademark rights. The Citrix name is a portmanteau of Citrus and UNIX. 

It began by developing remote access products for Microsoft operating systems. Citrix was in partnership with the company throughout its history. 

Citrix acquired Sequoia Software Corp. in 2001 and ExpertCity in 2003.

In 2007, the company opened a headquarters in Silicon Valley.

In August 2010, Citrix announced a partnership with Google to bring the company's products to Chrome OS devices.

In May 2012, Citrix acquired Virtual Computer, maker of intelligent desktop virtualization.

Also in 2017, Citrix expanded its partnership with Google. 

In 2018, Citrix changed the names of some of its products to represent its shift to a cloud operating model. 

Bank of Ghana

The Bank of Ghana is the central bank of Ghana, in Accra. The Central Bank was formed in 1957.
In 1913, the West African Currency Board was created in London, which issued the West African pound, the common currency of the British colonies in West Africa.

The Bank of Ghana was established on March 4, 1957, which began operations on August 1 of the same year.
The first governor of the bank was Mr. Alfred Eggleston, the former Managing Director of BGC and an accomplished Scottish banker on secondment to Ghana from the Imperial Bank of India.

The first Board:

In 1957, the bank opened six main departments:


Extreme Ops

Extreme Ops is a 2002 British German Luxembourgian action thriller movie directed by Christian Duguay and starring Devon Sawa, Bridgette Wilson-Sampras, Rupert Graves, Rufus Sewell, Joe Absolom, Heino Ferch, Stephen Yardley, David Scheller, Detlef Bothe. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Ciudad Encantada

Ciudad Encantada de Cuenca ("Enchanted City of Cuenca") is a natural setting in the Spanish city of Cuenca. It is a set of rock formations that the water and the wind have been sculpting by erosion in different ways.

There is a tour that can be visited through the area of about 3 kilometers in length, which can be done in an hour and a half. People have named these rocks after different objects and animals.

Night of the Kings

Night of the Kings () is a 2020 Ivorian French Canadian Senegalese fantasy drama movie directed by Philippe Lacôte and starring Koné Bakary, Isaka Sawadogo, Steve Tientcheu, Laetitia Ky, Denis Lavant.


ActionAid

ActionAid is a non-governmental body. It helps to reduce injustice and poverty in the world. It was founded in 1972. It has offices in 45 countries, working within communities.

Tom Cat

Thomas Jasper "Tom" Cat Sr. is a main character of the "Tom and Jerry" universe. Tom is a grey-and-white anthropomorphic domestic short haired speaking tuxedo cat.

Badi Door Se Aaye Hain

Badi Dooooor Se Aaye Hain () is an Indian sitcom on SAB TV. It aired from 9 June 2014 to 14 November 2016.


Financial District, Manhattan

The Financial District of Lower Manhattan is a neighborhood located on the southern part of Manhattan island in New York City. NY was created here in 1624.

Machine-readable passport

A machine-readable passport is a passport that has information that can be read by a machine. Usually, this information is stored in one or two lines, which encode some of the information in machine readable form. The information is then extracted using optical character recognition. Usually, this is the given names, family name, date of birth, sex, and validity of the travel document. Machine-readable passports (or machine-readable travel documents) have been used since the 1980s. Today, most passports, and travel documents are machine readable. 

Newer machine-readable passports also store some extra information (such as biometrical data, like a fingerprint) on a microchip. 

The basic idea behind the introduction of machine-readable travel documents was to speed up passport control at the borders.

Marikana massacre

The Marikana massacre took place on the 16 August 2012.The incident took place on the 25th anniversary of a nationwide miners' strike. The events happened in Marikana, a place in South Africa. South African police forces shot at miners, who were protesting. They injured 78 and killed 34 of them. Most of those killed were killed by rifles used by police forces. The event was the most lethal use of force by South African security forces against civilians since 1976. The massacre has been compared to the 1960 Sharpeville massacre. 

The strike was considered a important event in modern South African history; similar strikes at took place at other mines across South Africa. These events made 2012 the most protest-filled year in the country since the end of apartheid.

The Marikana massacre occurred during a wildcat strike at a mine owned by Lonmin in the Marikana area, close to Rustenburg, in 2012. The event garnered international attention after a series of violent incidents between the police, Lonmin security, and members of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) on one side, and strikers on the other. The first incidents of violence were on 11 August, when NUM leaders opened fire on NUM members who were on strike. Two strikers were seriously wounded, but not killed, in the shooting by NUM members.

During the period from Sunday 12 August to Tuesday 14 August, 10 people were killed, including six mine workers, two Lonmin security guards, and two SAPS members. Three of the mine workers, and the two SAPS members, were killed in a clash between strikers and SAPS members on the afternoon of 13 August. The remaining five people are known to or believed to have been killed by strikers.

Grand Duke Sergei of Russia

Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia (11 May 1857-17 February 1905) was the fifth son and seventh child of Alexander II of Russia and Marie of Hesse and by Rhine he was an influential figure during the reign of his brother Alexander III of Russia and his nephew Nicholas II, who was also married brother in law through Sergei marriage to Elizabeth Feodorovna, the sister of the last Empress of Russia Alexandra Feodorovna.

Luas

Luas is an Irish rail system operated in the Republic of Ireland. It was launched in 2004 after many years of talks.

Luas runs two main lines, the Red Line and the Green Line.

After the Dublin Stream Tram (1872–1949) ended, plans in 1981 proposed a brand new modernized light rail system for the Republic of Ireland.

Official announcements began in the late-1990s. People started building the first rail for Luas in 1999.
Transdev began running Luas for the Irish government in 2014.

The official launch of the Luas was to be 2003, however, this was delayed due to construction.

The launch was 30 June 2004 and the official launch was 26 September 2004.

Luas has two main lines.


A brand new line was launched on 9 December 2017.

Map tree frog

The map tree frog ("Boana geographica") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Boliva, Colombia, and Peru.

The adult male frog may be as big as 55 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog may be as big as 75 mm. Unlike "Boana calcarata" and "Boana fasciata", this frog has webbing on its front feet. It has more webbing on its hind feet than on its front feet.

This frog changes color as it grows older. Adult frogs have black marks that connect so that it looks like it has a map on its skin.

Vénissieux

Vénissieux is a commune in the Greater Lyon area. It is the biggest settlement in the area, after Lyon and Villeurbanne. Today, it is mostly built-up area; there's an important automoblie industry. As of 2018, about 67,000 people lived in Vénissieux.

Whore (movie)

Whore is a 1991 British-American drama movie. It was directed by Ken Russell (no relation to actor Theresa Russell). A sequel unrelated to the movie, "Whore II", was released in 1994.

Liz is a Los Angeles street prostitute. She is seen by the audience trying to get a customer from a busy downtown street. Liz tells the audience of her life and problems while the movie is airing. When a van stops by, Liz refuses to get in. That's because she was gang raped by several men the last time she got in a van. A passerby wanted to take Liz to the hospital. She refused, however, knowing the hospital would have contacted the police.

Liz is wanting to escape from her pimp Blake. He is violent, well-dressed and controlling.

When Liz stops off at a strip club, she talks about how she got involved in prostitution to begin with. She was a small town girl. She married a violent and drunk man named Charlie. Liz later had a son with him. She couldn't deal with him anymore. She left Charlie. She began working at a local diner.

Later, Liz met the pimp Blake. At first, Blake did some things for Liz. However, Blake has become as cruel and violent as Liz' husband. She decides to get away from Blake.

A local homeless man and street performer named Rasta takes Liz to a movie. Rasta is scary at first (he walks on broken glass for an act). But then Liz agrees. The scenes with Liz and Rasta at the movie alternate with Blake explaining his own life.

After the movie, Liz tells the audience of her son. Her son is under foster care. She finally has a customer. Liz treats him. But then the customer has a heart attack and dies. Blake comes onto the scene and tries to take the dead man's money. Blake then tries to strangle Liz. He threatens putting her son in gay prostitution. But Liz shouts to Blake: "I'll kill you first!" Before Blake can kill Liz, Rasta comes to her rescue, killing Blake. Liz laughs, gives her thanks, then walks away.


"Whore" didn't have much support from movie studios. The movie was distributed and produced under the American home video company Trimark Pictures.
This movie was filmed with a small shooting budget of just over $1 million.

"Whore" was first shown at Sundance and Berlin International Film Festivals.

"Whore" was rated NC-17 from the United States' MPAA for sexual situations and dialogue, and for some violence. The movie wasn't given a wide release due to its NC-17 rating. The movie critics gave it mixed reviews.

North Collins

North Collins is a town in Erie County, New York. It had a population of 3,504 during the 2020 census. The town gets its name from the town of Collins, which is directly south of it. The town was first formed as the town of Shirley in 1852, and then renamed a year later.

Ebrahim Raisi

Ebrahim Raisi (; born on 14 December 1960) is an Iranian politician, jurist and cleric. Raisi is the 8th and current President of Iran since 2021. He was the Chief Justice from 2019 until 2021. He has been attorney general from 2014 to 20 Deputy Chief Justice from 1959 to 2029 and member of the Assembly of Experts since 2007.

He registered for the presidential election held on 19 May 2017, losing against Hassan Rouhani. He ran again for the presidency in 2021 and won the election in a landslide victory.
Capital Market Activists protested the Iranian President

6 months after Ebrahim Raisi's office, the situation of the capital market was still disappointing. The total index of the Tehran Stock Exchange has fallen by more than 30 thousand units in today's transactions and reached 1 million 275 thousand units.

In this case, while most of the market shares returned to negative, the shareholders made the "first_priority_borsa" tag a trend in the virtual area.

This hashtag was created to protest the passive behavior of the President and the economic team about the situation of the capital, and states that Ebrahim Raisi would be the first priority of the stock market before the elections. 

Third eye

"Not to be confused with Parietal eye." 

The third eye is spiritual concept. The third (or inner) eye is an invisible eye located on the forehead. It symbolizes a state of enlightenment. In India, it refers to chakra. It also related to visions, precognition, clairvoyance, and out-of-body experiences.

Indian gods were usually depicted with a third eye.


Hansie

Hansie is a 2008 South African biographical drama movie directed by Regardt van den Bergh and starring Frank Rautenbach, Sarah Thompson, Brandon Auret, Rajit Kapoor.

FeardotCom

FeardotCom is a 2002 British German Luxembourgian American Canadian horror movie directed by William Malone and starring Stephen Dorff, Natascha McElhone, Stephen Rea, Udo Kier, Nigel Terry, Amelia Curtis, Jeffrey Combs, Sven Pippig. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Windows 11

Windows 11 is the latest major release of Windows NT, the succesor to MS-DOS based Windows operating systems. It is available by ISO, installation assistant or as a free upgrade to Windows 10 on Windows Update for any desktops, laptops or all-in-ones that meet the system requirements. It is the successor to Windows 10. It is the first version of Windows to drop support for 32-bit processors.

Windows 11 is by now the second-most popular Windows version after Windows 10, at 44% of usage share.

Widgets: Widgets in Windows 11 are compact, customizable information panels that offer quick access to various types of content and services, improving user productivity and convenience.

Android app support: This feature enables users to install Android apps from the Amazon Appstore onto their Windows 11 device.
2021: Windows 11 21H2 (Build 22000) released on October 4th, 2021.

2022: Windows 11 22H2 (Build 22621) released on September 20th, 2022.

2023: Windows 11 23H2 (Build 22631) released on October 31st, 2023.

The reception of the operating system before release was seen as positive with critics praising the new design of the operating system seeing it as a productivity boost. 

However, critics also made negative comments on Windows 11 due to the high system requirements needed to run the operating system. The high system requirements meant that more then 60 percent of computers could not upgrade to Windows 11 which made concerns about how the operating system could cause millions of people to throw away their computers.

The operating system's reception after launch was seen as negative as many critics criticized on how it sacrificed productivity for looks and the system requirements of the operating systems.

However critics praised the design of the operating system and the adding of Android app support to the Microsoft Store using the Amazon app store. The operating system was also praised for increasing game performance in demanding titles and adding features from the operating system ran on the latest Xbox consoles.



Boana semilineata

Boana semilineata is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Khon Kaen University

Khon Kaen University () or KKU (มข.) is a public research university in Khon Kaen, Thailand. It was the first university established in northeastern Thailand (Isan) and remains the oldest and largest university in the region. KKU founded in 1966. 

The university is a hub of education in northeast Thailand. It is a widely recognized university in Asia. KKU offers a wide range of programs: its comprehensive academic program offers 105 undergraduate majors, along with 129 master's degree programs, and 59 doctoral programs. Khon Kaen University was ranked 21st in Southeast Asia by "Time Higher Education" in 2009, and 4th in Thailand by The Office of Higher Education Commission.

KKU have 2,075 administrative staff(s) and 37,605 students.


Flawless (2007 movie)

Flawless is a 2007 British Luxembourgian crime thriller movie directed by Michael Radford and starring Michael Caine, Demi Moore, Lambert Wilson, Joss Ackland, Constantine Gregory, Nathaniel Parker, Natalie Dormer.


Black finless porpoise

The Indian finless porpoise "(Neophocaena phocaenoides phocaenoides)", a finless porpoise, is one of seven porpoise species. Throughout their range, these porpoises stay in shallow waters, up to 50 m (160 ft) deep. They live close to the shore, in waters with soft or sandy seabeds, or in estuaries and mangrove swamps, such the Indus River delta. 

Reuben Kamanga

Reuben Chitandika Kamanga (26 August 1929 – 20 September 1996) was a Zambian politician, freedom fighter and a statesman. He was Zambia's first Vice-President when Kenneth Kaunda became the first black President of Zambia. As Zambia's first Vice President, Kamanga worked for three years before Kenneth Kaunda changed him to be a cabinet minister. 

Kemi Badenoch

Olukemi Olufunto Badenoch ( ; "née" Adegoke; born 1980) is a British politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Saffron Walden since 2017. She is a member of the Conservative Party. She is the Secretary of State for International Trade and President of the Board of Trade since September 2022. She is also the Minister for Women and Equalities since October 2022.

She has served in Boris Johnson's second government as Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury and the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Equalities at the Government Equalities Office from 2020 to 2022.

Badenoch was born in Wimbledon, London. Her parents are of Nigerian origin. Her childhood was spent in part in the Nigerian capital Lagos and the United States. She returned to the United Kingdom at the age of 16. She is married to Hamish Badenoch. The couple have three children.

In July 2022, Badenoch announced her candidacy for Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2022 leadership election. She was eliminated in the fourth round of voting on 19 July 2022.

Barcel

Barcel is a company that manufactures snack foods. It is based in Mexico. It makes different types of chips and flavorings. Brands it owns include Takis , Artisan Style, Rock & Road, Ricolino, Vero, and Coronado.

Syngas

A Syngas, or synthesis gas, is a gas mixture that is mainly used for synthesis. In the broad sense of the term, this can be any synthesis, such as the synthesis of Nitrogen, Hydrogen, or Ammonia. In the narrow sense of the word, only gas mixtures are covered, where the main component are carbon monoxide, and hydrogen. 

Common uses of such gases are: 


X-Large (movie)

X-Large () is a 2011 Egyptian romantic comedy movie directed by Sherif Arafah and starring Ahmed Helmy, Sayed Mustafa, Donia Samir Ghanem, Ibrahim Nasr, Yasmin Raeis, Said Tarabeek, Nahed El Sebai.

Archaeological Survey of India

The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is an Indian government agency attached to the Ministry of Culture that is responsible for archaeological research and the conservation and preservation of cultural monuments in the country. It was founded in 1861 by Alexander Cunningham who also became its first Director-General. It's headquarter is in New Delhi.

List of programs broadcast by Sony Pal

This is a list of programs broadcasted by Sony Pal.


Madam sir 

ziddi dil maane na 

Aahat 

Yuri Averbakh

Yuri Lvovich Averbakh (; 8 February 1922 – 7 May 2022) was a Russian chess player and author. He was the oldest living chess grandmaster at the time of his death. He was chairman of the USSR Chess Federation from 1973 to 1978.

Averbakh was born in Kaluga. His father was a German Jew and his mother was Russian. Averbakh turned 100 in February 2022. He died four months later on 7 May 2022 in Moscow, Russia.


Leopard tree frog

The leopard tree frog ("Boana pardalis") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Priya Gill

Priya Gill is an Indian actress. She appeared mainly in Hindi films, along with a film each in Punjabi, Malayalam, Tamil, Bhojpuri and movies in Telugu. She was second runner-up in Miss India 1995. 

Gill began her Bollywood career with the ABCL production Tere Mere Sapne (1996) along with Arshad Warsi and Chandrachur Singh. Other film appearances include the hit films Sirf Tum (1999), Josh (2000) and Red (2002). After appearing in some Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Punjabi films, she left acting in 2006.


Gateway of India

The Gateway of India is an arch-monument built in the early twentieth century in the city of Mumbai, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is considered the ""National passageway to India".

Sadia Khan

Sadia Khan is a Pakistani television and film actress. She is better known for her role Emaan in Khuda Aur Muhabbat season 1 and 2. She was last seen playing a role of Maryam in TV One's Maryam Periera (2018). 

Khan is known for playing a variety of roles in a number of television serials including Eman in Khuda Aur Muhabbat (2011), Naina Syed in Laa (2014), Umm-e-Hani in Shayad, (2017) and Maryam in Maryam Periera (2018). Khan also appeared in films Dunno Y2... Life Is a Moment (2015) and Abdullah: The Final Witness (2016).

Sadia Khan on IMDb 

2021 Chesham and Amersham by-election

A by-election was held in the United Kingdom Parliament constituency of Chesham and Amersham on 17 June 2021. This is because the previous Member of Parliament, Dame Cheryl Gillan, had died on 4 April 2021. Gillan had served as MP for the constituency since 1992. The by-election was the third to the 58th Parliament, which was elected in 2019.

The Liberal Democrat candidate, Sarah Green, won the by-election with 56.7% of the vote and a swing from the Conservatives of 25.2%. This is the first time a non-Conservative candidate has won this seat since it was formed in 1974.

7th Sky Entertainment

7th Sky Entertainment (or Seventh Sky Entertainment) is a Pakistani television production house. It has produced and aired many television series of various genres on different channels. The house was founded by Abdullah Kadwani & Asad Qureshi. The production company produces most content for and of Geo Entertainment.





Louis IV, Grand Duke of Hesse

Louis IV Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine, also called Grand Duke Ludwig IV was the oldest son of Prince Charles of Hesse and by Rhine (April 23, 1809 - March 20, 1877) and Princess Elizabeth of Prussia (June 18, 1815 - March 21, 1885). He ruled from June 13, 1877 until his death on March 13, 1892.

He was related to the British Royal family both by himself and through his wife, the Imperial House of Russia and other European royal families. 

Louis married Princess Alice of the United Kingdom. She was the third child of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and her husband, Prince Albert. Louis and Alice had 7 children: Victoria Marchioness Milford Haven, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Feodorovna of Russia, Princess Irene of Hesse and by Rhine, Ernest Ludwig Grand Ludwig of Hesse, Prince Friedrich, (Alix of Hesse) Empress of Russia, and Princess Marie.

Grand Duke Louis died on March 13, 1892 from a heart attack.

Rieden, Upper Palatinate

Rieden (Northern Bavarian: "Riaden") is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Schmidmühlen

Schmidmühlen is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district ("Landkreis") in the Upper Palatinate. It is at the junction of the Vils and Lauterach rivers.

Schmidmühlen has 24 boroughs:

Ursensollen

Ursensollen is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Upper Palatinate.

Ursensollen is in the region Upper Palatinate-North about west of Amberg.

The following districts belong to this town: Allmannsfeld, Bittenbrunn, Egelhofen, Eigentshofen, Ehringsfeld, Erlheim, Garsdorf, Götzendorf, Gunzelsdorf, Guttenberg, Haag, Hausen, Häuslöd, Heimhof, Heinzhof, Hohenkemnath, Inselsberg, Kemnatheröd, Kotzheim, Littenschwang, Oberhof, Oberleinsiedl, Ödallerzhof, Reinbrunn, Reusch, Richt, Richtheim, Rückertshof, Salleröd, Sauheim, Stockau, Thonhausen, Ullersberg, Unterleinsiedl, Ursensollen, Wappersdorf, Weiherzant, Winkl, Wollenzhofen, Zant.

Weigendorf

Weigendorf is a municipality in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district ("Landkreis") in the Upper Palatinate.

Dino Morea

Dino Morea (born 9 December 1975) is an Indian actor and a former model who appears in Bollywood films.

Dino Morea was born in Bangalore, India, to an Italian father and an Indian mother. His mother hails from Kalamassery in Kerala. He is the second of three brothers-Nicolo Morea is his older brother and Santino Morea his younger brother. When he was 7, his family moved to Bangalore, Karnataka from Italy. He initially attended Bangalore Military School, graduated from St. Joseph's College in Bangalore and also went to Clarence High School. He was first noticed when he was modelling for a fashion company and soon received his first film offer.

Morea made his acting debut in the TV series Captain Vyom in which he appeared as "Sonic". His movie debut was in Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi opposite Rinke Khanna. He had breakthrough roles in Rajiv Menon's Tamil film Kandukondain Kandukondain, the 2002 horror film Raaz and the thriller Gunaah. His other prominent films include Baaz: A Bird in Danger, Sssshhh..., Rakht and Acid Factory. He was a contestant on the reality show Khatron Ke Khiladi in 2010.

In 1998, an ad for the undergarment manufacturer Calida, featuring him and Bipasha Basu, caused controversy because it featured him biting the former's underwear. It was eventually taken down. 

Morea was in a relationship with Bipasha Basu from 1996 to 2002. 


Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades

The Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades (), or Abu Hafs al-Masri Battalions, is a group which says they are a a branch of the Islamic fundamentalist organisation Al-Qaeda.

The group is named after a former policeman Mohammed Atef, also known Abu Hafs, from Egypt, who was a member of Ayman al-Zawahiri's al-Jihad al-Islami (Islamic Jihad).

The group has claimed that they were behind the 2004 Madrid train bombings and the 7 July 2005 London bombings, but if they were telling the truth was questioned as they had claimed that they were behind incidents that were caused by electrical problems.

Penguin Town

Penguin Town is a documentary. It is a television program about African penguins. It is set in Simon's Town, South Africa. It is set from late 2019 through mid-2020. It aired on Netflix on June 16, 2021.

Patton Oswalt is the narrator of "Penguin Town". He tells the viewer what is happening. He is also an executive producer. The other executive producers are Brian Armstrong, Shannon Malone-Debenedictis, and Belinda Cherrington.

In some ways, "Penguin Town" is like other television shows about animals. A narrator says what is happening while video of penguins plays. In other ways, "Penguin Town" is like reality television. The narrator talks about penguins as if they were humans on a reality TV show contest. For example, he says "his wife" and "her husband" instead of "his mate" or "her mate." The narrator names most penguins after where they decide to build nests. The pair that build a nest in a bougainvillea bush are called Mr. and Mrs. Bougainvillea. He calls the two who build a nest in a family's back garden Lord and Lady Courtyard. The opening credits label Mr. and Mrs. Bougainvillea as "the soulmates," Mr. and Mrs. Culvert as "the newlyweds," and a Cape fur seal "the scoundrel." The credits also read "Six hot months," "One wild colony," "No rules" like on a reality TV show. Often, cheerful music plays.

The camera crew from Red Rock Films started out following 80 pairs of penguins. They later followed only 50 penguins. Then the team chose a smaller group of penguins to make the story. The camera crew used tripods, waterproof cameras, drones, other special cameras, and even an antigravity platform.

"Penguin Town" takes place in a human town full of people. The penguins walk past cars, streets, houses, and human beings to go to and from the sea and their nests. The camera does not usually show any human being's face. The narrator says "giants" instead of "humans." On "Penguin Town", humans from SANCCOB take injured penguins to veterinarians. They also take lost eggs to raise in incubators.

The narrator says that the penguins build nests near humans because they know no other dangerous animals will come near them.

In the last episodes, the camera shows a beach with no people on it and a lost medical mask to show that this is happening during the COVID-19 pandemic. A caracal comes into the town to hunt penguins while the humans are in their houses.

Mr. and Mrs. Bougainvillea are called "the soulmates" early on the show. After Mrs. Bougainvillea does not come back from fishing, Mr. Bougainvillea is called "the single dad." They are about 12 years old and have been raising chicks together for seven years. Their two chicks are called Twig and Petal.

The Car Park Gang are called "the bullies." They are penguins without mates or nests. They attack other penguins, including chicks.

Mr. and Mrs. Culvert are called "the newlyweds." They are raising a chick for the first time. They build a nest in a culvert, and both their eggs are washed away by the rain. Human beings save one egg and take it away to hatch in a warm machine.

Junior is called "the misfit." He is a two-year-old penguin. He is bitten by a seal and the bites become full of germs, making him sick. Human beings take him from the beach to an animal hospital. They bring him back after he is healed.

Lord and Lady Courtyard start building a nest later than most penguins.

Mr. and Mrs. Wheelbarrow raise four chicks, two at a time.

All of the first season aired at the same time on June 16, 2021:

1. Homecoming

2. The Nest Generation

3. Hot and Bothered

4. Lost and Found

5. Close Encounters

6. Weekend Warriors

7. Beyond the Nest

8. Learning to Fly

Dorothy Rabinowitz of "The Wall Street Journal" called "Penguin Town" "enchanting." Romey Norton of "Ready Steady Cut" called "Penguin Town" "humorous and insightful" and said the fact that it was not as serious as other penguin TV shows made it feel fresh. Joel Keller of "The Decider" said the show was sometimes "corny," meaning silly, but he also liked that it was not too serious and told its story well. He also says that most nature shows about penguins do not usually show them in warm places like Simon's Town or near people.

Stuart Heritage of "The Guardian" said the penguins had been "anthropomorphized to high heaven," meaning that they were spoken of as if they were human beings. He said it was good comfort food to watch during the pandemic because every time something bad happened to a penguin on the show, something good happened right after that.


Rampage (1986 movie)

Rampage or "Korkusuz", "Turkish Rambo 2" is a 1986 Turkish action-adventure mystery war movie. It is based on "Rambo" franchise, as the sequel of "Wild Blood" ("Vahşi Kan") in 1983. The movie was directed by Cetin Inanc and produced by Anit Ticaret in 1986. 

an terrorist group led by Ziya, to kidnapped people by as slaves inside the mountains. from an Turkish soldier named Serdar to rescue an citizens.


Sentō

Sentō are Japanese public bathhouses. People take baths together there. Many Japanese people think of sentō as an important part of Japanese culture, with its manners and ideas about communities.

Sentō are not the same as onsen. Onsen are baths built on natural hot springs. Onsen water has dissolved rock in it. Sentō water is either tap water or well water. Some sentō may add good-smelling plants or bath salts to the water. Sentō cost less than onsen to visit.

Today, sentō are not as popular as they once were. This is because people have bathtubs and showers in their homes. They do not need to go to a sentō to clean. Many people still go to sentō, but they go to enjoy the water and relax. The Tokyo Sentō Association makes sure going to a sentō does not become expensive because they want people to be able to go to sentō. Local organizations decide the price. For example, in Tokyo, the Tokyo Sentō Association decides the price. In 2020, the price to go to a sentō in Tokyo was ¥480, or a little over US$4.10.

On the outside, some sentō look like temples. The entrance has a Japanese curtain called a "noren". Noren at sentō are usually blue. Most sentō have concrete or steel chimneys for the boilers that heat the water. Sometimes, a person can find a neighborhood's sentō by looking for a building with this kind of special chimney.

The dressing area is usually made in the traditional Japanese style, with wood and dark colors. The bathing area are usually made with tiles and is full of light. Japanese people think of this style as Western.

Sentō have separate places for men and women, but young children can go to either side. Babies often go with the women. Fathers take boys and very young girls to the men's side. Sometimes there is a door between the men's and women's sides. Children are allowed to go through the door.

Many sentō have a large mural, or wall painting, near the tubs. Many are landscapes or pictures of Mount Fuji. The water in the air is bad for the paint, so the murals wear out. Repainting a mural in the one day a week that a sentō is closed is hard to do, so some sentō use tiled mosaics or a window that looks out on a garden for decoration instead.

Some sentō owners and their families live in rooms at the back of the building.

People built the first sentō during the Nara period, in the 700s. The first people to use sentō were monks. They used the sentō for ritual purification. Later, more sentō were built for ordinary people to go and get clean. By 1700, most of the neighborhoods in Tokyo, then called Edo, had their own bathhouse. Many of the sentō of that time were steam baths, not soaking baths. They did not have windows, so the bathers could not see very well. Sometimes the water was dark and dirty.

In 1868, the Meiji Restoration took away some of the class system of Japan. After that, many former nobles or samurai took baths with the regular people in sentō.

Tsurusawa Monzaemon had the idea for modern sentō in 1878. Instead of a steam bath, he built a big tub that the bather could sit down in. He put windows in his sentō so there would be light to see by. This made it easier to see whether the water was clean. People liked these new sentō and soon built many more of them. In 1885, the government said no one could build the old, dark sentō any more. All new sentō had to be light so they could be kept clean. They also passed a law against men and women bathing together, but no one cared about it until after many foreigners began to visit Japan later in the Meiji period (late 1800s).

In the 20th century, sentō became less popular. To keep customers, sentō owners put in bubblers, exercise equipment, saunas, electric shocks and other things bathers could not get at home. In 1972, there were about 21,200 sentō in Japan. This went down to 13,250 in 1985. There were 499 sentō in Tokyo as of 2021.

People began building super sentō in the second half of the 20th century. Super sentō have more things to do than regular sentō. Some have water slides, swimming pools, or restaurants. Super sentō are meant to be fun instead of relaxing. 

Before entering, visitors take off their shoes and put them in shoe lockers. At sentō in Japan today, it is not good manners to clean one's body in the bathtub. Bathers must shower before getting in the water. This keeps dirt, sweat and other things from making the water dirty. Many sentō provide soap and towels. Bathers sit on a stool in the shower. The bathers must not wear any clothes or swimsuits in the sentō. Bathers may use towels at the sentō or bring their own, but the towel must not go in the water. Bathers put the towels on their heads instead. People with long hair tie it up so it does not get in the water. 


Lady with the Light Gloves

Lady with the Light Gloves () is a 1942 Danish drama movie directed by Benjamin Christensen and starring Lily Weiding, Hans-Henrik Krause, Tavs Neiiendam, Paul Rohde, Karl Jørgensen, Jessie Rindom, Olaf Ussing, Holger Strøm.

Sharon Epperson

Sharon Emily Epperson (born April 12, 1968) is Finance Correspondent for CNBC. She also participate on NBC News shows, "Today" and "NBC Nightly News." 

Epperson went to Pittsburgh's Taylor Allderdice High School.

Epperson holds a bachelor's degree in sociology and government from Harvard University, a master's degree in international affairs from Columbia University, and an honorary doctorate from Carlow University in Pittsburgh.

Epperson began working in 1996 with CNBC. She was previously CNBC's senior energy correspondent, stationed at the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) covering the commodities markets on a daily basis for eight years. In 2015, Epperson was one of six panelists covering the Republican presidential debate.

Mike Rianda

Michael “Mike” Rianda (born December 25, 1984), is an American cartoonist, director, writer and voice actor. He is known for his work on "Gravity Falls" as a creative director and writer for Season 1, and creative designer for Season 2. He is also known for directing, co-writing and co-starring his feature directorial debut "The Mitchells vs. the Machines".

Kenny Blank

Kenneth Michael Benbow "Kenny" Blank (born September 15, 1977) is an American actor, filmmaker and composer. Later he changed his name to Kenn Michael. Blank is best known for his role as Michael Peterson in the television series The Parent 'Hood from 1995 to 1997 for which he also composed some music, as well as his appearance in Eddie Murphy's 1992 movie Boomerang. He also appeared in Space Jam.

Blank was born as Kenneth Michael Benbow in New York City, New York on September 15, 1977, the son of Lola, a dancer for James Brown who later became Blank's manager, and Warren Benbow, a jazz drummer who has worked with Miles Davis and Stevie Wonder. His parents later divorced and Blank was raised by his mother and stepfather, Bob Blank, who owned a music studio.

By the time he was 6 years old, Blank played the piano and made short films. He graduated from Stamford High School in 1995. In the late 1990s, Blank was a student at the University of Southern California, where he studied filmmaking.

Since 1998, Blank has cinematographed, edited and directed a number of short films.


Be Dear to Me

Be Dear to Me is a 1957 Danish family drama movie directed by Annelise Hovmand and starring Eva Cohn, Lily Weiding, Hans Kurt, Jørgen Reenberg, Annelise Jacobsen, Johannes Marott, Gerda Madsen, Mimi Heinrich.

Sunday Morning Futures With Maria Bartiromo

Sunday Morning Futures is an American cable news television program appearing on Fox News Channel launched March 30, 2014. It airs live weekly at 10am ET, featuring the biggest newsmakers in politics.

Hosted by , the show runs each Sunday at 10am Eastern Time, re-airing at 3pm ET on Fox News and at 11am ET on the network's sister channel, Fox Business Network. It is the highest rated show in weekend cable news, often rating first in the 25-54 key demographic. The news show focuses more on political and entertainment news next to Bartiromo's long-running Mornings with Maria on Fox Business which has an emphasis on traditional business news. 

Sunday Morning Futures often features top guests including multiple Speakers of the House, Foreign Leaders, and U.S. Presidents.


Mohammed Ibrahim Jega

Mohammed Ibrahim Jega (born June 15, 1981) is an entrepreneur and technology startup founder. He is well known as the chief business development officer at the online payment processing gateway VoguePay. 

Jega was born in Kaduna state, Nigeria. He holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria, in 2003.

Religion vision

A vision is a state that comes in a dream, trance or religious ecstasy. It is considered that it brings a revelation. Visions generally have more clarity than dreams. But the same time they have not so many explanations. 

Gaziza Abdinabiyeva

Gaziza Abdinabiyeva (Газиза Абдинабиева; 3 January 1948 – 18 April 2021) was a Soviet and later Kazakhstani stage actress. She was awarded several orders including the Order of Kurmet and Order of Parasat.

Abdinabiyeva died on 18 April 2021, aged 73.

Clairvoyance

Clairvoyance is an ability to know about things or events that will occur in the future.

According to psychologists from Yale, human beings first see something happen, then think about seeing it, but sometimes they believe they had the thought first. This, they say, is why some people think they have clairvoyance.


Azali (movie)

Azali is a 2018 Ghanaian drama movie directed by Kwabena Gyansah and starring Ama K. Abebrese, Asana Alhassan, Adjetey Anang, Akofa Edjeani Asiedu.

WildWorks

WildWorks (formerly Smart Bomb Interactive) is an production mobile game was found on 2003, WildWorks has known launch Animal Jam Classic on September 9, 2010 and running another games like "Animal Jam" is Dash Tag, AJ Jump and more.

WildWorks also formely Smart Bomb Interactive was found on 2003, directed founded by John Herself Rohn and Romeo Rine, in 2007, WildWorks has launching from Smart Bomb Interactive mobile game.

In September 9, 2010. WildWorks was launch Animal Jam educational games, after that, WildWorks has released the four gameplay like Animal Jam is Dash Tag, AJ Jump and more games.

In January 23, 2007. WildWorks has since 8,000 dollar, Smart Bomb Interactive mobile game was announced they were be disabled, running for educational games, "Animal Jam", which was released on September 9, 2010.

In September 11, 2010. WildWorks was announced "Animal Jam" player was launch for Windows and MacOS. In September 18, 2010. Smart Bomb Interactive formerly names was disabled, is renamed to WildWorks from Animal Jam website.

In October 5, 2010. WildWorks announced the Animal Jam gameplay was launch reach for Adobe Flash Player.

In late 2020, after Adobe Flash Player was ended support, Animal Jam was discontinued from browser, WildWorks announced Animal Jam gameplay has downloaded for PC app.

Ashley Henley

Ashley Henley (May 17, 1981 – June 13, 2021) was an American teacher and politician. She was a member of the Mississippi House of Representatives from the 40th district from 2016 to 2020. She was a member of the Republican Party.

Henley taught in the DeSoto County School District for 13 years. She also taught American history at Northwest Mississippi Community College.

On June 13, 2021, Henley was shot and killed in Water Valley, Mississippi, close to a trailer where her sister-in-law's burned body was found in December 2020.

Ministry of Defense of Georgia

The Ministry of Defense of Georgia (, "sakartvelos tavdatsvis saministro") is the Georgian government ministry which is governing body of Defense Forces of Georgia and it's regulating activities in defence of the country from threats, invasion, territorial integrity and waging wars on behalf of Georgia. The Minister of Defence is appointed and removed by Prime Minister of Georgia. The current minister of ministry is Juansher Burchuladze.






Tea Akhvlediani

Tea Akhvlediani (born 21 January 1975) is a Georgian diplomat politician. She is the current State Minister for Reconciliation and Civic Equality of Georgia since 6 August 2020. She was ambassador of Georgia to Estonia from 2014 to 2019.


For Georgia

For Georgia (, "Sakartvelostvis") is a political party in Georgia. Founder of party is former Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Gakharia.



Paula Hart

Paula Hart (born Paula Joan Voje, April 25, 1956) is an American producer. She is a principal of Hartbreak Films along with daughter, actress Melissa Joan Hart.

Her 2010s work includes production credits for two television movies on the Lifetime Network, "The Watcher in the Woods" (2017) and "A Very Merry Toy Store" (2017); Hart also served as director of the latter.

Bhumika Chawla

Bhumika Chawla (born Rachna Chawla; 21 August 1978) is an Indian actress and a former model known for her work predominantly in Telugu, Hindi, and Tamil films. She made her film debut in the Telugu film Yuvakudu (2000) and has since then worked in over fifty films in various Indian languages. 

Her notable performances include appearances in films such as Kushi (2001), Okkadu (2003), Tere Naam (2003), Missamma (2003), Sillunu Oru Kaadhal (2006), Gandhi, My Father (2007), Anasuya (2007), Buddy (2013), M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story (2016 ), MCA (2017), and U Turn (2018). She has won four Nandi Awards, one Filmfare Awards South, one SIIMA award, one Zee Cine award, and one Zee Apsara award.

Chawla was born in a Punjabi family in New Delhi, India and completed her schooling there. Her father is a retired Army officer. Bhumika has two siblings, an elder brother and sister.

She moved to Mumbai in 1997 and started her career with Ad films and Hindi music video albums. She appeared in the Zee TV series Hip Hip Hurray and Star Best Sellers - Fursat Mein. 

Chawla married her long-time boyfriend and yoga teacher Bharat Thakur on 21 October 2007 at Devlali, Nashik in a Gurdwara. She went regularly to Thakur's courses and is said to have dated him for four years before marrying him. The couple has a son born in February 2014. 


7/7 Ripple Effect

7/7 Ripple Effect is a 57-minute movie made at home produced and narrated under the fake name "Muad'Dib", who was later named by the BBC as conspiracy theorist John Hill. The film says some claims in the official account of the 7 July 2005 London bombings (also known as 7/7) were not true.

An episode of the BBC programme "The Conspiracy Files" named "7/7", which first aired on 20 June 2009, looked at part of the claims made in the film as well as other theories surrounding the attacks. The programme also revealed that the person using the fake name Muad'Dib was John Hill from Sheffield, tracking him down to an address in Kells in the Republic of Ireland.


Almond flour

Almond flour (also called almond meal) is a type of flour made from blended almonds. The almonds used are usually blanched (with the skin removed). It feels like corn meal rather than wheat flour. It is used in baking some foods like pastry.

Almond flour has been used in baking foods for low-carbohydrate diets. It adds moistness and a nutty taste to baked goods. Items baked with almond flour are usually calorie-heavy.

Almonds are high in polyunsaturated fats. The omega 6 fatty acids in almonds are protected from oxidation by the skin and vitamin E. When almonds are ground, this protective skin is broken and exposed surface area increases dramatically, greatly making it more likely for the nut to oxidize.

The Conspiracy Files

The Conspiracy Files is a British documentary television series that was shown on BBC Two, looking into many different modern-day conspiracy theories. So far in two series and 13 programmes, the show has looked at and debunked some of the theories surrounding the September 11 attacks (twice), the Pan Am Flight 103 bomb, the Oklahoma City bombing, the 7 July 2005 London bombings, the deaths of David Kelly and Diana, Princess of Wales, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, and those published by Donald Trump.

Luca

Luca is a 2021 American computer-animated comedy movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation Studios. It is directed by Enrico Casarosa.
"Luca" was released direct-to-streaming on Disney+ due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It received generally positive reviews from critics.


Mandela Kapere

Mandela Kapere (died 12 July 2020) was an Namibian politician.

He was the member of the National Assembly of Namibia from 2020 to 2021. Kapere died from Covid-19 at age 38.

Faience

Faience pottery is tin-glazed pottery. It is the use of a white pottery glaze suitable for painted decoration. This is got by adding an oxide of tin to a lead glaze. 

It was a major advance in the history of pottery, made about 500 years ago. The technique was brought to Al-Andalus in Spain from Moorish potteries in the eastern Mediterranean.

In Italy locally produced tin-glazed earthenwares was called "maiolica". It reached a peak in the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries.

It was made in several countries. English creamware was developed in Staffordshire in the 18th century. Instead of "faience" they were called "delftware".

Nina Divíšková

Nina Divíšková (12 July 1936 – 21 June 2021) was a Czech actress. She was born in Brno. She appeared in more than 70 movies, starting in the 1960s. Her movie credits include "The Smooth Career" (1967), "Morgiana" (1972), "Rendezvous in Paris" (1982), "Jára Cimrman Lying, Sleeping" (1983), "Wolf's Hole" (1987), "Wild Flowers" (2000), "Wrong Side Up" (2005), "Shameless" (2008) and "The Magical Duvet" (2011).

Divíšková died in Prague on 21 June 2021. She was 84.

Bernice, Louisiana

Bernice is a small town in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Marion, Louisiana

Marion is a small town in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Akmola Region

Akmola Region is a region (or an in Kazakh) of Kazakhstan. It is mostly known for having the capital of Kazakhstan, Astana, in it. Akmola region's capital is officially Kokshetau. The mayor (or ) of the region is Ermek Marzhikpaev. There are ten cities in this region: Akkol, Atbasar, Derzhavinsk, Ereymentau, Esil, Kokshetau, Makinsk, Shchuchinsk, Stepnogorsk, and Stepnyak.

Kokshetau

Kokshetau () is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Akmola Region. Until 1993 it was called Kokchetav (). As for 2023, 174,613 people live here, and 191,099 people live in the urban area. Kokshetau is mostly known for its beautiful nature and tourism.

The name of the city is translated from Kazakh as "“blue mountain”".

Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis

The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is the leader of London's Metropolitan Police Service. Sir Mark Rowley has been appointed to the position in 2022.

The Commissioner is known as the highest-ranking police officer in the United Kingdom, although their powers are generally over the Metropolitan Police Service's area run: the Metropolitan Police District. However, unlike other police forces the Metropolitan Police has certain things they must do nationally such as leading counter-terrorism policing and the protection of the Royal Family and high members of Her Majesty's Government. The person who holds the job also reports to the Home Secretary and the public nationally amongst many others (the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, the Mayor of London, Londoners), different to smaller police forces who are only reportable to residents and their local Police and Crime Commissioner or police government.

The rank is usually referred to as the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, the Met Commissioner or simply just "Commissioner". 

The Commissioner's annual salary without pension contributions or allowances from 1 September 2016 is £270,648 + £2,373.

Sushmita Sen

Sushmita Sen (born 19 November 1975) is an Indian actress and model who was crowned Femina Miss India in 1994 and won Miss Universe 1994 at the age of 18. Sen is the first Indian to win the competition and has since primarily worked in Hindi films. 

Sen won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the comedy film Biwi No.1 (1999), and was also nominated in the category for her roles in Sirf Tum (1999) and Filhaal... (2002). Her commercially successful films include Aankhen (2002), Main Hoon Na (2004), and Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya? (2005). 

Sen was born into a Bengali Baidya Brahmin family in Hyderabad to Shubeer Sen, a former Indian Air Force Wing Commander, and Subhra Sen, a jewelry designer and owner of a Dubai-based store. She has two siblings, a sister named Neelam and a brother named Rajeev.

She attended Air Force Golden Jubilee Institute in New Delhi and St. Ann's High School in Secunderabad, but did not pursue any further higher education. 

Sen adopted a baby girl, Renee, in 2000 and a second girl, Alisah, in 2010. Sen has Addison's disease and requires lifelong steroid drugs to manage the illness. 


Soviet people

Soviet people means people from the Soviet Union. Soviet is also the demonym of the Soviet Union's population, meaning that people there were called the "soviets".

Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic

The Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic (1936-1991) was one of the republics of the Soviet Union from 1936 to 1991 in northern Central Asia. It was created on 5 December 1936 from the Kazakh ASSR, an autonomous republic of the Russian RSFR.

Aktobe Region

Aktobe Region (kaz. the Aqtobe Oblysy) is one of the provinces (or regions) in the Western part of Kazakhstan. It's the second biggest oblys in Kazakhstan, by being 300 629 km² (which is 11% of the whole country's area). The population consists of 895.1 thousands (1 Jan of 2020). There are eight cities in this region: Aktobe, Alga, Embi, Kandyagash, Khromtau, Shalkar, Temir, and Zhem.

Atyrau Region

Atyrau Province or the Atyrau Region (kaz. Atyraý oblysy/Атырау облысы) is a region located on the Western part of Kazakhstan, touching the Caspian Sea. Its capital city is Atyrau. The Atyrau Region used to be called the Guryev Region before the October of 1991.

Baikonur

Baikonur (kaz. Baıqonyr/Байқоныр; rus. Байконур) formerly known as Leninsk (also, see Tyuratam), is a city of republic significance in Kazakhstan on the northern bank of the Syr Darya river, rented and administered by the Russian Federation. It was constructed to service the Baikonur Cosmodrome and was officially renamed Baikonur by Russian president Boris Yeltsin on December 20, 1995. During the Soviet period, it was sometimes referred to as Звездоград ("Zvezdograd"), Russian for 'Star City'.

East Kazakhstan Region

East Kazakhstan Region or the East Kazakhstan Province (kaz. Shyģys Qazaqstan oblysy/Шығыс Қазақстан Облысы; rus. Восточно-Казахстанская область) is a region located on the Eastern part of Kazakhstan, on the border of Russia and China. Its capital city is Oskemen (or Ust-Kamenogorsk in Russian). Population: 303,720 (2009 Census Results)

Karaganda Region

Karagandy Province or the Karagandy Region (kaz. Qaraģandy oblysy/Қарағанды облысы; rus. Карагандинская область) is a region located on the Central part of Kazakhstan. Its capital city is Karaganda. It was the biggest region of all Kazakhstan until 2022.

On its territory are the cities of Karaganda, Temirtau, Balkhash, Shakhtinsk, Saran, Priozersk.

In the ancient times, Silk Road was here.

In 1930s, there was a development of Karaganda coal basin here. 

The Karaganda Region was formed in Soviet times on March 10, 1932, the first regional center was the city of Petropavlovsk. Since August 3, 1936, the center of the region has been located in Karaganda.

During the years of repression, the Karaganda region was the place where prisoners were sent. Here was the Karaganda forced labor camp - one of the largest branches of the Gulag. Now there is a museum in here.

Karaganda region was the largest in Kazakhstan until 2022, then it had an area of 428,000 km². Now the Ulytau Region has appeared on its territory.

In the north it borders with the Akmola Region, in the northeast — with Pavlodar Region, in the east — with Abay Region, in the southeast — with Zhetysu region and Almaty Region, in the south — with Zhambyl Region, in the southwest and west — with Ulytau Region, in the north and the west — with the Kostanay Region.

The fauna of the region is very diverse. In the south and southwest there are widespread pastures that attract herds of saigas. Also common in the region are wolves, foxes, goitered gazelles, argali, wild boars, ermine and others. In lakes and rivers there are carp, perch, marinka, pike, chebak, etc. Saryarka is home to amazing animals - gazelles, steppe antelops - saigas, golden eagles, falcons, wolves and foxes.

Almond butter

Almond butter is a type of nut butter. It is made by grinding almonds (either raw or roasted) until the fat separates enough. It can either have a crunchy or creamy texture. It might be a good alternative to peanut butter for those who have a peanut allergy or those who avoid legumes.

Almond butter is high in monounsaturated fats, calcium, potassium, iron and manganese. It is thought to be a good source of riboflavin, phosphorus, and copper, and a good source of vitamin E, magnesium, and fiber. Almond butter also has dietary protein.

Schizotypal personality disorder

Schizotypal personality disorder (also called Schizotypal disorder) is a personality disorder. People with this condition suffer from thought disorder, paranoia, and social anxiety: Very often, they have problems making and keeping social ties with other people. They may also feel uneasy in larger groups. They look odd or peculiar to others and may show unusual thinking and behaviors.

Emerald-eyed tree frog

The emerald-eyed tree frog or Fuente's Powakka tree frog ("Boana xerophylla") is a frog that lives in Brazil, the Guianas, and Venezuela. Scientists have seen it as high as 2400 meters above sea level.

Tutankhamun's trumpets

Tutankhamun's trumpets are a pair of trumpets which were found in the burial chamber of the Eighteenth Dynasty Pharaoh Tutankhamun. One of the trumpets is made of sterling silver and the other is made of bronze or copper. Both trumpets are seen as the oldest working trumpets in he world. They are also the only trumpets known from ancient Egypt.

When he excavated Tutankhamun's tomb, Howard Carter found the trumpets. The bronze trumpet was found in a large chest, that contained various military objects and walking sticks. The chest was in the antechamber of the tomb. The silver trumpet was found in the burial chamber. Both trumpets are engraved, they show images of gods Ra-Horakhty, Ptah and Amun. The silver trumpet's bell is engraved with many sepals and calices representing a lotus flower, and the praenomen and nomen of the king. The bronze trumpet may in fact be made of copper. The metal has not yet been analysed. Similar looking trumpets feature in Egyptian wall-paintings that are usually, though not always, associated with military scenes.

After they had been silent for more than 3.000 years, the trumpets where used before an audience of about 150 million listeners through an international BBC broadcast aired on 16 April 1939. James Tappern of Prince Albert's Own 11th Royal Hussars regiment played the trumpets. The recording was recently featured, and can be heard on the BBC Radio 4 program "Ghost Music". Rex Keating, who presented the 1939 broadcast, later claimed that during a rehearsal, the silver trumpet shattered, and Alfred Lucas, a member of Carter's team who had restored the finds, was so distressed he needed to go to hospital. Due to their fragility, it is unlikely the trumpets will be played again in any official musical reconstructions.

The silver trumpet has a length of , the bronze/copper trumpet is about shorter. Their tubes are around in diameter at the mouth end, increasing to about before flaring out to at the extremity. The mouth-ends are strengthened by rings and are large by modern standards – which would have made the trumpets hard to play; Tappern needed to add a modern mouthpiece (with packing to make it fit) before his performance.

Jeremy Montagu examined the broze trumpet in the 1970s. It consists of two sections. The slightly conical body is from a rolled sheet of copper alloy between 0.2 and 0.25 mm thick. It has been soldered lengthways with a "very skilfully brazed meander joint ... smoothed to a perfect finish", yet is "slightly rough" internally, indicating that (as might be expected in a ceremonial instrument) appearance was of greater value than acoustic performance. The bell is of a different, thinner material: an electrum-like alloy of gold, between 0.1 and 0.13 mm thick. It is without a visible seam, probably "burnished until the gold simply flowed together". The 3.25 mm thick ring that forms the mouthpiece was probably also made of electrum. The ring is apparently not fixed to the body, Montagu suspected that although it was possible to generate three notes on the instrument, the highest note would not have been sounded; besides being an effort to produce, the trumpet's construction could not have tolerated it. The lowest note does not carry far, leading Montagu to hypothesize that only the middle note was used in a rhythmic signaling code.

The bronze trumpet was among items stolen from the Egyptian Museum in Cairo during the Egyptian looting and riots of 2011, mysteriously returned to the museum some weeks later. According to "Al-Ahram", after its return Hala Hassan, curator of the Tutankhamun collection at the Egyptian Museum, claimed that it had "magical powers" and that "whenever someone blows into it a war occurs. A week before the revolution, during a documenting and photographing process, one of the museum's staff had blown into it and a week after revolution broke out. The same thing had happened before the 1967 war and prior to the 1991 gulf war, when a student was doing a comprehensive research on Tutankhamun's collection."


Liberty, Mississippi

Liberty is the county seat of Amite County, Mississippi, United States.

Dave Arneson

Dave Arneson (December 1 1955 - April 2009) was the co-author, with Gary Gygax, of the original 1970s role playing game Dungeons & Dragons and an important figure in the history of role playing games. Arneson's Blackmoor, published by Tactical Studies Rules (TSR), was one of the first published role playing game campaign settings and has the distinction of being the longest continuously played fantasy role playing campaign at 25 years and counting.
In the early 1980s Arneson established his own game company Adventure Games which produced the miniature games Johnny Reb and Harpoon. Arneson had a cameo in the 2001 Dungeons & Dragons movie as a mage. In 2002 he suffered a stroke. He was working as a game designer, reviewer, video historian and lecturer. He was a recluse. He died in 2009.

Zeitgeist Games, where Arneson worked, produced an updated d20 system version of Blackmoor to have been published by Goodman Games.


Peter Adkison

Peter Adkison is a game developer, founder of game companies Wizards of the Coast and Hidden City Games and current owner of Gen Con. His work includes the role-playing game The Primal Order. Is was CEO of Hidden City Games and working to promote their new game Clout Fantasy. Adkison is a long time fan of role-playing games in general and Dungeons & Dragons in specific.


Jividha Sharma

Jividha Sharma born (10 December 1980) is an Indian film and television actress known for her work in Hindi and Punjabi film industry.

Born to a Delhi-based Punjabi family, Sharma made her film debut in the Tamil language romance Kaadhale Nimmadhi (1998). The next year, she played a supporting role in Subhash Ghai's musical drama Taal (1999). Her breakthrough came with the romantic action film Yeh Dil Aashiqanaa (2002). Directed by Kuku Kohli, it featured Sharma playing a terrorist's sister opposite Karan Nath. Rediff.com's reviewer wrote that she had "done a good job". That same year she played the lead role in Telugu film Yuvaratna. A critic wrote for The Hindu that except the last few scenes, Sharma was "lifeless throughout". Full Hyderabad's reviewer noted that she was "one of those assembly-line heroines for Tollywood". A Hindi film Sila with her in the lead role was announced but never completed.

Mini Punjab (2009) marked Sharma's debut in Punjabi films and she was paired with Gurdas Maan. She followed this with Yaar Anmule (2011), Dil Le Gayi Kudi Punjab Di (2013), Lion of Punjab and Dil Saada Lutiya Gaya. The latter, a romantic film had her paired opposite Ashmit Patel.

Aruna Irani, the producer of Yeh Dil Aashiqanaa, cast Sharma for her TV serials Tum Bin Jaaoon Kahaan and Zameen Se Aasman Tak. The former was well received and dealt with the topic of life after death. 


Water Valley, Mississippi

Water Valley is a city in Yalobusha County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 3,380 at the 2020 census.

Stanley Aronowitz

Stanley Aronowitz (January 6, 1933 – August 16, 2021) was an American academic and sociologist. He taught cultural studies, and urban education at the City University of New York Graduate Center. He was also a political activist and cultural critic. 

Aronowitz died on August 16, 2021 in New York City, aged 88. 

Jon M. Chu

Jonathan Murray Chu (born November 2, 1979) is an American movie and television director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known as the director of 2018's "Crazy Rich Asians".

Crazy Rich Asians (movie)

Crazy Rich Asians is a 2018 Asian-American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Jon M. Chu. It is based on the 2013 novel of the same title by Kevin Kwan. 

The movie stars Constance Wu, Henry Golding, Gemma Chan, Lisa Lu, Awkwafina, Ken Jeong, and Michelle Yeoh.

Jack Dylan Grazer

Jack Dylan Grazer (born September 3, 2003) is an American actor. He has played the role of Eddie Kaspbrak in the 2004 and 2006 movie versions of the Stephen King novel "It". He also played Freddy Freeman in the 2006 DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" and voiced Alberto in the 2008 Disney Pixar movie "Luca". Ron's Gone Wrong

In July 2021, Grazer came out as bisexual. [Ron's Gone Wrong]]

Jaeden Martell

Jaeden Martell (né Lieberher; born January 4, 2003) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Bill Denbrough in the 2017 and 2019 movie versions of the Stephen King novel "It". He has also appeared in the mystery movie "Knives Out" (2019).

In the Heights (movie)

In the Heights is a 2021 American musical drama movie based on the stage musical of the same name by Quiara Alegría Hudes and Lin-Manuel Miranda. It is directed by Jon M. Chu. It stars Anthony Ramos, Corey Hawkins, Leslie Grace, Melissa Barrera, Olga Merediz, Daphne Rubin-Vega, Gregory Diaz IV, and Jimmy Smits. 

Corey Hawkins

Corey Antonio Hawkins (born October 22, 1988) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in the TV series "The Walking Dead" and "" and as Dr. Dre in the 2015 movie "Straight Outta Compton".

Leslie Grace

Leslie Grace Martínez (born January 7, 1995) is a Dominican American singer-songwriter and actress. She starred as Nina Rosario in Jon M. Chu's "In the Heights" (2021). She was the youngest woman in the world to top the Latin Airplay chart. Her first hit was "Will U Still Love Me Tomorrow?" She was going to play Batgirl/Barbara Gordon in the cancelled DC Extended Universe HBO Max movie "Batgirl".

Martínez was born on January 7,1995 in New York. Her family lived in the Bronx. She had six older brothers and sisters.

She moved to Davie, Florida when she was ten years old and then raised there. She is a Dominican American.

Martínez always liked performing. She started working as a singer. Her first album was released in 2009. It was called "Pasión".

Martínez was the youngest female artist to have a number one hit on the Latin Airplay Chart and Billboard Tropical Songs chart. In 2012 she was seventeen years and nine month old when "Will U Still Love Me Tomorrow?" became popular. She was the fourth youngest person overall. She was only older than Pablo Portillo, Florentino Primera, and Luis Miguel.

She received three Latin Grammy Award nominations for her music. The first was for her 2013 album, "Leslie Grace". 

Martínez's first acting role was the movie "In the Heights". She played Nina Rosario.

Martínez then landed the part of Batgirl. She will be in the new "Batgirl" movie that will be released in 2022. For this movie, she had to learn to fight. Her teacher, Ming Qiu, taught her fighting skills.

Roshan Seth

Roshan Seth OBE (born 2 April 1942) is a British-Indian actor, director and writer. He is best known for his role as Jawaharlal Nehru in Richard Attenborough's Academy Award-winning movie "Gandhi" and as Chattar Lal in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom".


1896 Sanriku earthquake

The 1896 Sanriku earthquake () is a megathrust earthquake that occurred in Japan on June 15, 1896. The epicenter was , Moment magnitude scale was 8.5. There was almost no damage from the earthquake itself, but the huge tsunami caused by this earthquake struck the coasts of Iwate Prefecture and other areas, causing enormous damage. The tsunami killed about 22,000 people. The tsunami was also observed in Hawaii and elsewhere.

1891 Mino–Owari earthquake

The 1891 Mino–Owari earthquake () is an earthquake that occurred on October 28, 1891 in Japan. The epicenter was , Surface wave magnitude was 8.0. This earthquake is the largest inland earthquake in Japanese history. The quake killed 7,273 people.

The Ratings Game

The Ratings Game is a 1984 comedy cable television film directed by Danny DeVito and produced by David Jablin. The Showtime comedy stars DeVito and Rhea Perlman, and features Huntz Hall, Michael Richards, George Wendt and Jerry Seinfeld.


Jon Rahm

Jon Rahm Rodríguez (born 10 November 1994) is a Spanish professional golfer. He was the number one golfer in the World Amateur Golf Ranking for a record 60 weeks. He became a pro in 2016. He later became world number 1 in the Official World Golf Ranking by winning the Memorial Tournament in July 2020.

In June 2021, Rahm won the U.S. Open and also became the first Spanish golfer to do so.

Rahm was born in Barrika, Basque Country. He has some Swiss ancestry. He lives in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States. He married Kelley Cahill, an American, in 2019. The couple have a son.


Cystoscopy

Cystoscopy is endoscopy of the urinary bladder via the urethra. It is carried out with a cystoscope.

Trellech

Trellech (sometimes spelt Trelech, Treleck or Trelleck; ) is a village and parish in Monmouthshire, south-east Wales. It is south of Monmouth and north-north-west of Tintern.

In the 13th century, it was one of the largest towns in Wales. It is a site of archaeological interest. The village is a conservation area.

Usk

Usk () is a town and a community in Monmouthshire, Wales. It is northeast of Newport.

It is on the River Usk.

The population of the town in 2001 was 2,318. It increased to 2,834 in 2011.

Caerleon

Caerleon (; ) is a town and community on the River Usk. It is situated northeast of the city of Newport, Wales and southeast of Cwmbran. Caerleon is of archaeological importance, as it is the site of a notable Roman legionary fortress, Isca Augusta, and an Iron Age hillfort.

Caerleon is from Newport city centre and from Cwmbran. Caerleon is north of the M4 motorway. The B4596 (Caerleon Road) links Newport city centre to Caerleon via M4 Junction 25, crossing Caerleon Bridge into Caerleon High Street. The B4236 (Ponthir Road) links Caerleon to Cwmbran. The Usk Road links Caerleon to Usk.

A regular bus service links Caerleon to Newport city centre and Cwmbran. There is a City Sightseeing open-top bus service in summer months. A cycle and pedestrian walkway alongside the River Usk links Caerleon to Malpas and Newport city centre at Crindau, route 88 of the National Cycle Network.

Trains pass through Caerleon on the Welsh Marches Line, but do not stop at the closed Caerleon railway station. The nearest passenger stations are Newport railway station, and Cwmbran railway station.

Transport for Wales have announced that Caerleon could have a station as part of the South Wales Metro project.

Winnie Byanyima

Winifred Byanyima (born 13 January 1959), is an aeronautical engineer, politician, diplomat and the current executive director of UNAIDS, effective November 2019. 

Byanyima was born and raised in Mbarara District in the Western Region of Uganda. Winnie Byanyima went to Mount Saint Mary's College Namagunga in Mukono District. She holds bachelor's degree in aeronautical engineering from the University of Manchester. She later obtained a master's degree in mechanical engineering, specializing in energy conservation from Cranfield University.

Byanyima was a trained aeronautical engineer. She began her career as a flight engineer for Uganda Airlines. She later left her job and joined the armed rebellion with Yoweri Museveni. Museveni and Byanyima had been raised together at the Byanyima household as children, with the Byanyima family paying for all Museveni's education and scholastic needs.

Shafi Ahmed

Shafi Ahmed is a Bangladeshi born British surgeon, teacher, innovator, and entrepreneur. He is also an advisor to Abu Dhabi Ministry of Health.

Ahmed did his schooling from Chadwell Heath Academy. He studied medicine at King's College Hospital School of Medicine from 1988 to 1993.

Ganjam district

Ganjam district is a district in the Indian state of Odisha. Ganjam's total area is 8,070 km² (3,116 mi²).

The district headquarters is Chhatrapur. Ganjam is divided into three sub-divisions: Chhatrapur, Berhampur, and Bhanjanagar.
As of 2011 it is the most populous district of Odisha (out of 30).

Piers Adam

Piers Adam is a British businessman. He is the owner of London nightclubs Mahiki, Whisky Mist and Tini. He is also co-owner of Mayfair's The Punch Bowl with Guy Ritchie.

Belavtodor

Holding "Belavtodor" is a group of construction and industrial companies in Belarus, which occupies a leading position in the market of complex construction, reconstruction and overhaul of transport infrastructure facilities. It also manufactures road construction equipment, road construction materials, reinforced concrete, steel and other products for road and bridge construction.

The Belavtodor holding includes 13 road-building, bridge-building, industrial and transport companies.

In 2001, after the liquidation of the Committee for Roads of the Ministry of Transport and Communications, the “Belavtodor” department was created. The main tasks of the company are the development and implementation of a road policy aimed at the rational development and improvement of the technical condition of the public road network, meeting the needs of the economy and the population in road services, creating conditions for the development of road traffic.

In July 2013, the Belavtodor holding was established. The holding united companies in the field of road construction and transport facilities.

In October 2015, the Belavtodor holding was transferred from the subordination of the Ministry of Transport and Communications to the subordination of the State Committee for Property of the Republic of Belarus.

In January 2017, OJSC “Management company of the Belavtodor holding” was established by transforming the republican unitary enterprise “Management company of the Belavtodor holding”.

In 2020, Belavtodar became the first company with a state share in the authorized capital, whose shares were admitted to trading on the Belarusian Currency and Stock Exchange.

Kizza Besigye

Warren Kizza Besigye Kifefe (born 22 April 1956), who is known as Colonel. Dr. Kizza Besigye, is a Ugandan physician, politician, and former military officer in the Uganda People's Defence Force. 

Kifefe was born and raised in Rwakabengo, Uganda, on 22 April 1956. He went to Kinyasano Primary School and Mbarara Junior School for his Primary school education. He later joined Kampala's Kitante High School for his Ordinary Levels and then Kigezi High School in Kabale District for his Advanced Level education.
In October 2021, Kizza Besigye launched a new movement, called the Popular Front for the Transition, bringing together several political groups.

Helen Alexander

Helen Alexander was a British businesswoman who was the chairman of UBM plc.

In 2016, she was awarded the Legion of Honour. From 2011 to 2017, she served as the Chancellor of the University of Southampton.

Helen Alexander was born in Geneva, Switzerland. Her father Bernard Alexander was a British lawyer who worked for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Her mother Tania Benckendorff was a Russian. Her maternal grandmother was Moura Budberg who was a suspected double agent for the Britishers.

Helen Alexander did her schooling from St Paul's Girls' School in London. She was graduated from Hertford College, Oxford in 1978.

Hamburg Hauptbahnhof

Hamburg Hauptbahnhof (German for "Hamburg main station") is the main railway station of Hamburg. With an average of 520,000 passengers per day, it is the busiest station in Germany.

The station opened in 1906 and is served by local "S-Bahn", regional and long-distance trains.

Gordon Dunne

Gordon Dunne (4 April 1959 – 20 June 2021) was a British politician from Northern Ireland. He was a member of the Democratic Unionist Party. He was an MLA for North Down from 2011 until June 2021. He was born in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.

Dunne resigned as MLA on 9 June 2021 due to ill health. 11 days later, he died of cancer, aged 62. His son Stephen was co-opted to the role.


Centre national d'études spatiales

The Centre national d'études spatiales (CNES) is an independent agency of France that deals with space exploration and aeronautics. It is located in the center of Paris and are under the supervision of the French Ministries of Defense and Research.

It operates from the Toulouse Space Center and the Kourou Space Center, but also has payloads launched from space centers operated by other countries. The president of CNES is Philippe Baptiste. CNES is a member of the Institut au service du spatial, de ses applications et technologies. It is the largest and most important national organization of space in Europe.


Bacon and eggs

Bacon and eggs is a breakfast meal. It is commonly eaten in cultures with Anglo-Saxon influence. It is a high-energy breakfast.

The term "full breakfast" in the UK is taken to mean, or include, bacon & eggs. Other terms in the UK are "fry-up" and "full English" (Scottish, Welsh, Irish...). Sautéed field mushrooms ("Agaricus campestris") are also sometimes included. The term "full breakfast" often appears in advertisements for hotels and boarding houses in the British Isles. 

There is here a reflection of the past, when men usually did manual work and needed to eat calorie-heavy meals. The whole culture of calorie-heavy meals has changed greatly in the last 50 years in all western countries. The life of women raising children at home also changed after WWII as home appliances became more common.

Arianespace

Arianespace is a French company for space launch systems developed by ArianeGroup, namely the Ariane and Vega launcher families, created in 1980. The company defines itself in its own terms as a "launch operator". Since 2007, following an agreement between the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Russian space agency Roscosmos, Arianespace has also been responsible for launching the Soyuz launchers. The Ariane launch base, located in Kourou in French Guiana (Guyana Space Center), offers Arianespace a significant advantage over its competitors due to its proximity to the equator in an area free of any risk of tropical cyclones.

Tintern

Tintern () is a village and community on the west bank of the River Wye in Monmouthshire, Wales. It is close to the border with England and about north of Chepstow. It is home to the ruined Tintern Abbey, which is popular with tourists. The village is designated as a Conservation Area.

Robert Abajyan

Robert Abajyan was an Armenian soldier who received the title of Hero of Artsakh at the age of 19.

Abajyan was born in 1996 in Yerevan. In 2003 he attended Yerevan's Basic School No. 147. He graduated in 2012 and attended Yerevan State Basic Medical College which he graduated in 2014 with a degree in dental technology. He then attended Medical Institute named after Mother Teresa later same year.

Hamid Nasir Chattha

Chaudhry Hamid Nasir Chattha (Urdu: حامد ناصر چٹھہ) is a Pakistani politician. He was born in Lahore.

Nouriel Roubini

Nouriel Roubini (born March 29, 1958) is an American economist and is chairman of Roubini Macro Associates LLC, an economic consultancy firm. He is a lecturer at New York University's Stern School of Business. 

Roubini was born in Istanbul, Turkey. He holds B.A., summa cum laude, in economics from Bocconi University. He received his Ph.D. in international economics from Harvard University in 1988, where his adviser was Jeffrey Sachs.

Roubini is a global citizen. He is fluent in English, Persian, Italian, Hebrew, and conversational French. He is a cousin of leading technology expert and former "PC Magazine" lead technology analyst Jonathan Roubini.

Roubini combined academic research with policy making by teaching at Yale and then in New York, while also being employed at the International Monetary Fund, the Federal Reserve, World Bank, and Bank of Israel. He is now a professor at the Stern School of Business at New York University. He once said "I've been studying emerging markets for 20 years, and saw the same signs in the U.S. that I saw in them, which was that we were in a massive credit bubble,"

He joined Clinton administration in 1998 as a economist in the White House Council of Economic Advisers and later moved to the Treasury department as a senior adviser to Timothy Geithner, then the undersecretary for international affairs, who in 2009 became Treasury secretary in the Obama administration.

He acknowledges a quite number of economists for his understanding of economics, stating:

Forum for Democratic Change

The Forum for Democratic Change (Swahili: "Jukwaa la Mabadiliko ya Kidemokrasia"; FDC), was founded on 16 December 2004, is the main opposition party in Uganda. 

Abubakar Malami

Abubakar Malami SAN (born 17 April 1967), is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and current Minister for Justice and Attorney-General.

Mohammed Bello Adoke

Mohammed Bello Adoke (born 1 September 1963) is a Nigerian lawyer, Senior Advocate of Nigeria and was Attorney General of Nigeria and Minister of Justice during the administration President Goodluck Jonathan.

Dinkelsbühl

Dinkelsbühl is a historic town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Central Franconia. The population in 2013 was 11,315.



Montevideo tree frog

The Montevideo tree frog or white-banded tree frog ("Boana pulchella") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Argentina. Scientists have seen it as high as 2400 meters above sea level.

Devil in the Detail (movie)

Devil in the Detail is a 2014 Ghanaian Nigerian romantic thriller movie directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso and starring Nse Ikpe Etim, Adjetey Anang, Ama Ampofo, Mawuli Gavor.

Barrage (movie)

Barrage is a 2017 Luxembourgian Belgian French drama movie directed by Laura Schroeder and starring mother Lolita Chammah and daughter Isabelle Huppert.

Beauty and the Dogs

Beauty and the Dogs () is a 2017 Tunisian drama movie directed by Kaouther Ben Hania and was based on the novel by Meriem Ben Mohamed and Ava Djamshidi. It stars Mariam Al Ferjani, Ghanem Zrelly, Noomen Hamda, Mohamed Akkari, Anissa Daoud.

Thangjing (disambiguation)

Thangjing may refer to:

The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox

The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox is a 1976 American western comedy movie directed by Melvin Frank and starring Goldie Hawn, George Segal, Conrad Janis, Thayer David, Pat Ast, Roy Jenson, Richard Farnsworth. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Zee Marathi

Zee Marathi is an Indian general entertainment channel which carries programming in Marathi. The channel was launched on 15 August 1999 and was known as Alpha TV Marathi until 27 March 2005, then it was renamed as Zee Marathi. It is the first Marathi GEC channel. A HD version of this channel, Zee Marathi HD, was launched on 20 November 2016.





Central Station (movie)

Central Station () is a 1998 Brazilian French drama movie directed by Walter Salles and starring Fernanda Montenegro, Vinícius de Oliveira, Marília Pêra, Soia Lira, Othon Bastos, Otávio Augusto, Matheus Nachtergaele. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1999.


Ragib Ali

Ragib Ali is a Bangladeshi born British industrialist and educationist. He is regarded as a pioneer in tea-plantation. He is also the founder of Leading University in Sylhet, Bangladesh.

Ali was born in 1936 in Talibpur, Kamal Bazaar, Bishwanath, Sylhet District, Bangladesh. He did his schooling from Raza G.C High School in Sylhet and graduated from the College of Sylhet. In 1956, he moved to the United Kingdom to pursue higher education.

He established the Jalalabad Ragib-Rabeya Medical College and served as the Chairman of North South University Foundation. He has founded Leading University and University of Asia Pacific (Bangladesh).

An American Werewolf in Paris

An American Werewolf in Paris is a 1997 American British Luxembourgian French German Dutch horror comedy movie directed by Anthony Waller (who also stars) and is the sequel to the 1981 movie "An American Werewolf in London". It stars Tom Everett Scott, Julie Delpy, Vince Vieluf, Phil Buckman, Julie Bowen, Pierre Cosso, Steven Hartley, Thierry Lhermitte and was distributed by Hollywood Pictures.

Lee Chambers

Lee Chambers (born 22 May 1985) is a British psychologist, entrepreneur and radio host. He is the founder of both PhenomGames and Essentialise Workplace Wellbeing. Chambers has been interviewed by Vogue (magazine), The Guardian, and Newsweek and he is known for analyzing the psychological aspects of color and workplaces.

Chambers holds a BSc in International Business Psychology and an MSc in Environmental Psychology from the University of Surrey.

Chambers founded the video game company PhenomGames in 2008. He has worked as a performance psychologist for sports clubs, including Manchester City F.C and Everton F.C. In 2020, he sold PhenomGames to Dangaard.

Lee Chambers is the founder of Essentialise Workplace Wellbeing, a company that delivers mental wellbeing initiatives to other organizations. He is also a Director of Wellbeing Lancashire, a Community Interest Company specializing in health innovation and equality, and has worked with a variety of notable companies, including Indeed, TalkTalk, and Anytime Fitness. 

Chambers is the host of the "Self Aware Entrepreneur Show" and was voted in the "Top 50 BAME Entrepreneurs Under 50" in 2020 alongside Nitin Passi, Eric Yuan and Rangan Chatterjee. Chambers has recorded over 100 podcasts that includes episodes with Jamal Edwards, Josh Elledge and Leah Totton. He has also been recognized for his entrepreneurial journey by Startups.co.uk with Anne Boden, Ben Francis and Steven Bartlett. In 2020, Chambers was nominated for the "Lancashire Business View" awards.



Anoush Ashoori

Anoosheh Ashoori is a Iranian born British businessman. In 2017, he was arrested by Iranian authorities on charges of spying for Israel.

John Apthorp

John Apthorp (born 1935) is a British businessman. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire during the 2014 New Year Honours. He is specialised in frozen food items and alcoholic drinks.

From 1968 to 1974, he served as the councillor for Edgware, a town in north London. In 2008, he was awarded the "Freedom of the Borough of Barnet" title. He also served as the trustee of Milly Apthorp Charitable trust until its closure. Now, he runs another charitable organization named John Apthorp Charity.

Lucy Gray (activist)

Lucy Gray (born December 2006) is a New Zealand climate change activist.

Lucy is a school student at Te iringa o Kahukura, (Cashmere High School) in Christchurch, New Zealand.

Julia Acker

Julia Acker (1898–1942) was a Jewish-Polish artist.

Julia Acker was born in Lviv, Ukraine. Where she studied and worked.

Her first exhibition was in 1930. Later, she participated in some exhibitions in Lviv, Krakow, Poznan, Warsaw and Ivano-Frankivsk.

Her personal exhibition also was in 1939.

She painted flowers, still life and children's portraits.

Julia Acker died of suicide in 1942.

Wojciech Fangor

Wojciech Fangor (15 November 1922 – 25 October 2015) was a Polish painter. He was one of the creators of the Polish School of Posters.

Wojciech Fangor had private tutors and studied in the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw. 

His first picture was the "Korean Mother." He worked in the style of Socialist realism.

He lived in Warsaw. In 1961, he moved to West Berlin. Then he lived in England and the United States till 1999.

Fangor had his exhibition in Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York in 1970.

He died in Warsaw in 2015.

Raiden (video game series)

The game begun started with "Raiden". It was ported to the PlayStation called "The Raiden Project". In 1990s, the game has been ported to various home computers and other game consoles of the time. Then also ported to the mobile phones.

There are six games available, except spin-offs.


Vivo cantando

Vivo Cantando is a song by Spanish singer Salomé. It won the Eurovision Song Contest 1969 in Madrid, giving Spain its second and so far last win in the contest. The win made Spain the first country to win 2 years in a row.

Caribe (1987 movie)

Caribe is a 1987 Canadian adventure thriller movie directed by Michael Kennedy and starring John Savage, Stephen McHattie, Kara Glover, Paul Koslo, Maury Chaykin.

Fatal Frame

Fatal Frame know in Japan as and Project Zero in Europe and Australia is a Japanese survival horor series created, developed and published by Koei Tecmo (formerly known as Tecmo). The first debuting of "Fatal Frame" series in 2001, called "Fatal Frame" for PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

The series begun, when siblings Miku and Mafuyu Hinasaki (main character of the series) while Mafuyu dissapears aearching for a famous novelis in the haunted Himuro Mansion, his sisters Miku goes to inding him. During her exploration of the mansions, she discovers clues as of the fate of those who entered, then must fight hostile ghosts and discover of the truth, behind the dark ritual.

The game has consistent and existance, alongside to the other similiar horror game series, such as "Silent Hill" and "Resident Evil" series, and other invidual games haved been ranked among the best survival horror games. The "Fatal Frame" series has sold over one million copies along the world as of April 2014. The series has also an adaptation into manga and 2014 live-action movie.

The are seven games of the series, including:

Parietal eye

A parietal eye, also known as a third eye or pineal eye, is an eye located at the top of the head. Reptiles, amphibians have this eye. The third eye is always smaller than the main paired eyes. In living species, it is always covered by skin and is not visible externally. 

Aura (paranormal)

An aura in spiritual belief is radiance glowing a human body. The aura is also described as a subtle body. 

Antonio Raul Corbo

Antonio Raul Corbo is an American child actor known for his role as Nikolaj Boyle in the series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine".

Michael Sinterniklaas

Michael Tremain Sinterniklaas (born August 13, 1972) is a French-born American voice actor, ADR director and script writer who has provided voices for a number of English language versions of Japanese anime films and television series, as well as cartoons and video games. He has worked for Studiopolis, Funimation, 4K Media, Central Park Media, Bandai Entertainment, Viz Media and Media Blasters. He is the founder and owner of NYAV Post, a Bi-coastal studio in New York City and Los Angeles, which dubbed many different anime titles and recording several original prelay works.

Hot tub

A hot tub is a tub full of hot water. Sometimes the tub has massage jets. Generally, it uses for hydrotherapy or relaxation. 

In comparison to a bath, a hot tub is used for two or more people. 


Game Boy Sound System

The Game Boy Sound System, also named GBS, is a file format made to play music made for the Game Boy. Like the Game Boy, four sounds can be played at the same time: two pulse waves, one 4-bit PCM (32 repeating samples in stereo) and one noise (sounds like static).

GBS music files can be ripped and played with special players and Game Boy emulators.


Mark Moseley (actor)

Mark Moseley (born December 10, 1964) is an American voice actor, stand-up comedian and singer-songwriter. He has appeared in a variety of movies, television shows and video games. He is probably best known as a voice double for actors such as Eddie Murphy, Patrick Stewart, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Patrick Warburton and Robin Williams.

Bab-e-Khyber

The Bab-e-Khyber (Pashto and Urdu: باب خیبر; transl. 'Khyber Gate') is a monument situated at the entrance of the Khyber Pass in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The gate is located immediately west of Peshawar, with the historic Jamrud Fort lying adjacent to it. The gate was built in 1964 by the military government of Ayub Khan. The Bab-e-Khyber is considered as the ""National passageway of Pakistan"".It was built as a trading route to make trade between Pakistan and Afghanistan easier.

Diorhabda meridionalis

Tamarisk Leaf Beetle is a species of leaf beetle also known as the Southern Tamarisk Beetle which feeds on tamarisk trees from Syria to western and southern Iran and southern Pakistan.

Goytre, Monmouthshire

Goytre ("Welsh: Goetre") is a village in the community of Goetre Fawr in Monmouthshire, south east Wales.

The population of the whole of Goetre Fawr, including Goytre, was 2,393 in 2011.

Goytre is five miles south of Abergavenny and four miles north of Pontypool, Torfaen.

Quaid-e-Azam library

The Quaid-e-Azam Library () is a public library in located within the Bagh-e-Jinnah in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.

Peacock dance

The Peacock dance or peafowl dance is a traditional Asian folk dance. There are several peacock dance traditions developed in Asia. For example, there are peacock dances of Myanmar, Bangladesh, and in China's Dai group of people.

Lalbagh fort

Lalbagh Fort (also Fort Aurangabad) is an incomplete 17th-century Mughal fort complex that stands before the Buriganga River in Dhaka (Dacca). 

Dotara

The Dotara (or Dotar) (Bengali: দোতারা, Assamese: দোতাৰা, literally, 'Of or having two wires') is a two, four, or sometimes five-stringed musical instrument, originating from Bengal. It is commonly used in Bangladesh. 

Lungi

The Lungi, or Tahband, is a type of Sarong that originated in the Indian subcontinent. Most popular in Bengal. It can be described as an ethnic lower garment and a men's skirt that is wrapped around the lower waist, usually below the belly button. Lungis are traditionally worn in Sri Lanka, India, Bangladesh, Nepal.

The lungi () is the most commonly seen dress of Bangladeshi men, although it is not normally worn for formal occasions. In Bangladesh, Lungis are worn by men, almost universally indoors, but commonly outdoors as well. Elaborately designed tartan cotton, batik, or silk Lungis are often presented as wedding gifts to the groom in a Bangladeshi wedding. The typical Bangladeshi lungi is a seamless tubular shape, as opposed to the single sheet worn in other parts of South and Southeast Asia. In Bangladesh, the lungi industry is concentrated in Sirajganj, Khustia, Pabna and Khulna. Bangladeshi women do not traditionally wear Lungis, although non-Bengali tribal women do wear similar garments in the Chittagong Hill Tracts.

Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib

Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib (; 8 August 1930 – 15 August 1975), was the wife of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the founder and revolutionary leader of Bangladesh. She is considered the "Mother of the Nation". The current daughter of the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.

Loverboy (2011 movie)

Loverboy is a 2011 Romanian Swedish Serbian drama movie directed by Cătălin Mitulescu and starring George Piştereanu, Ada Condeescu, Ion Besoiu, Clara Vodă, Bogdan Dumitrache, Coca Bloos, Remus Mărgineanu, Adina Galupa.

Laddu

Ladoo is a sweet from the Indian subcontinent. It is mainly popular in India.

Common flours used for laddu include gram flour (chickpea flour), wheat semolina and ground coconut. These are combined with sugar and other flavourings, cooked in ghee, and moulded into a ball shape. Some laddu recipes are prepared using Ayurvedic medicinal ingredients, including methi laddu, multigrain, and resin laddu. Nuts such as pistachios and almonds are commonly stuffed into laddus.

2600 BCE, Harappan archaeological site, 4MSR near Binjor, western Rajasthan (India); seven closely kept similar sized nutritional Laddus,consisting of ingredients legumes and cereals like barley, wheat, chickpea and Mung (Vigna radiata) as main component, were found in intact form, along with two figurines of bulls and a hand-held copper adze, during 2017 archeological excavations. According to Rajesh Agnihotri, the presence of bull figurines, adze and a Harappan seal along with the food balls indicates, Indus valley civilization people might have revered these items to perform some kind of ritual.

Troschel's tree frog

Troschel's tree frog, the blue-flanked tree frog or white-banded tree frog ("Boana calcarata") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Surinam, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, French Guiana and Guyana. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 2.8 to 3.6 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 4.6 to 5.6 cm long. This frog sometimes has a black and white stripe down the side of its body. The rest of the skin of its back is usually brown but can be reddish. 

Lactobacillus bulgaricus

Lactobacillus bulgaricus is a type of bacteria from the "Lactobacillus" genus. It is found in the digestive tract. Intestinal bacteria is referred to as gut flora or microbes. This strain of bacteria may also be found in foods or supplements. In 2012 it was declared India's national microbe.

Cashew butter

Cashew butter is a type of nut butter. It is made by grinding baked or roasted cashews. It has a rich and creamy flavour. It is used for spreading on toast, as a dip, or an ingredient for some smoothies.

Trishula

Trishula (Sanskrit: त्रिशूल, IAST: triśūla) or Trishul is a trident, a divine symbol, commonly used as one of the principal symbols in Hinduism. The name "Trishula" ultimately derives from the Sanskrit word त्रिशूल (triśūla), from त्रि (trí), meaning "three", and शूल (śū́la), meaning "a sharp iron pin or stake", referring in this case to the weapon's three prongs.

Korma

Korma or Qorma is a dish originating in the Indian subcontinent.

Rice and curry

Rice and curry is a popular dish in the Indian Subcontinent, as well as in Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.

Rice and curry dinner has these dishes:

The Southern cuisines use ingredients like dried fish which are local to the area. The spicier preparations are believed to be among the world's hottest in terms of chilli content (second only to Sylheti). 

While natives are born into this cuisine and develop a tolerance to spicy food, many visitors and tourists to the country often find the spiciness excessive. As a result, many local restaurants in developed and tourist areas offer special low-spice versions of local foods to cater to foreign palates, or have an alternative "western" menu for visitors and tourists.

Bengali cuisine

Bengali cuisine () is the culinary style of the Bengal region in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent in Bangladesh and the Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura and Assam's Barak Valley. There is an emphasis on fish, vegetables, and lentils with rice as a staple.

Daily meals are usually simple, geared to balance nutrition and makes extensive use of vegetables. The courses progress broadly from lighter to richer and heavier and goes through various tastes and taste cleansers. Rice remains common throughout the meal and is the main constituent of the meal, until the "chaţni" (chutney) course.
Bangladeshis eat numerous amounts of fish and typically look for freshwater and brackish when making meals. They also temper it with phoron.

One tradition, includes the left side of the cidal fish being cooked in oil.

Haliastur indus

The Brahminy kite ("Haliastur indus"), is a medium-sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae, which also includes many other diurnal raptors, such as eagles, buzzards, and harriers. They are found in the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and Australasia. They are found mainly on the coast and in inland wetlands, where they feed on dead fish and other prey. Adults have a reddish-brown body plumage contrasting with their white head and breast which make them easy to distinguish from other birds of prey. The Indian Air Force is its symbol.

Known as elang bondol in Indonesia, the brahminy kite is the official mascot of Jakarta. In Hinduism, it is considered as the contemporary representation of Garuda, the sacred bird of Vishnu. In Malaysia, the island of Langkawi is named after the bird ("kawi" denoting an ochre-like stone used to decorate pottery, and a reference to the bird's primary plumage colour).

For the Ibans of the Upper Rajang, Sarawak, Borneo, a brahminy kite is believed to be the manifestation of Singalang Burung when he comes down to earth. Singalang Burung is the ultimate deity of incomparable qualities and superior abilities in every dimension. He is also known as the god of war.

Heterometrus swammerdami

Heterometrus swammerdami, commonly called the Giant Forest Scorpion, is the world's largest scorpion species.

Its venom does not usually kill humans, because it has arguably evolved to kill its prey by crushing it with its pincers and not by venom. The subspecies "H. s. titanicus" lives in Sri Lanka and India. Scientists often find the giant forest scorpion in tropical rainforests and other types of moderately warm climates.

Jean-Jacques Burnel

Jean-Jacques "JJ" Burnel (born 21 February 1952 in Notting Hill, London) is a Franco-English musician, producer and songwriter, best known as the bass guitarist with the English rock band The Stranglers. He is known for his debut song 5 Minutes in 1978, it tells the story of 5 guys invading his flat in 1977.

Genpuku

Genpuku is a Japanese coming-of-age ceremony. It dates back to classical Japanese period named Nara. The ceremony was usually backed by an older state member. The adult was changing his childhood name for a new adult name. He was also taking on adult responsibilities.

Steffan Aquarone

Steffan Aquarone is British businessman who mainly works in the film and technology sector. He is the founder of Ephex Media Limited. Most of his works are financed from crowd-source.

In 2017, he was elected as county councillor for the Melton Constable division of Norfolk County Council.

Simon Arora

Simon Arora (born 1969) is a British billionaire businessman. He is presently the CEO of the B & M retail chains.

He was born in November 1969. He was graduated from Cambridge University with a degree in law.

He started his career working as an analyst for a number of different companies like McKinsey, 3i and Barclays.

Zulfiqar Ali

Zulfiqar Ali (born 1965) is a British politician and businessman. He served as a mayor for Rochdale from 2010 to 2011. 

He was born in 1965 in Bradford, UK. At present he is serving as the Chairman of Reach BCS in Rochdale, Greater Manchester.

In 2008, he was awarded the Queen's Award for Enterprise Promotion.

Tavistock Square

Tavistock Square is a public town square in Bloomsbury, in the London Borough of Camden.

The area was where one of the 7/7 attacks took place, when Hassib Hussain exploded a bomb on a bus near Woburn Place. The explosion would kill 13 people. This was the only bombing of the 4 bombings on that day that took place on a bus. The bus had went on a different route than usual because of the attacks earlier.

In the middle of the gardens is a statue of Mahatma Gandhi, made by Fredda Brilliant and put into the gardens in 1968. It is for people to leave flowers to remember him for his peaceful campaigning.

A cherry tree was planted in 1967 to remember people who died to the nuclear bombings in Japan.

The square contains a place to remember the doctor Dame Louisa Aldrich-Blake (1865 –1925), with a statue of Aldrich-Blake by Arthur George Walker planned out by Sir Edwin Lutyens.

Teinopalpus imperialis

The Kaiser-i-Hind "(Teinopalpus imperialis)", is a rare swallowtail butterfly found in Nepal and North Indiaand East to North Vietnam. 

The common name means "Emperor of India". The Kaiser-i-Hind is unmistakable and cannot be confused with any other butterfly. A predominantly green swallowtail, the male has a bright chrome-yellow patch on each hind wing.

The Kaiser-i-Hind is protected by the Law of India and Nepalese law. Protection enforcement in these countries is not effective, so it is hunted, and collectors pay high prices.

Mai Mala Buni

Mai Mala Buni (born 19 November 1967), is a Nigerian politician and the current governor of Yobe state, Nigeria. He is the caretaker chairman of the All Progressives Congress. He was elected governor during the 2019 Nigeria general elections under All Progressives Congress (APC) party.

He holds bachelor's degree in International Relation from Espan Formation University, Benin Republic. He also holds a Master Degree in International Relations from Leeds Becket University, United Kingdom.

Mala began his political career in 1992 when he contested and won a councilor sit under the platform of National Republican Convention (NRC) party, to represent Buni ward in the Gujba Local government council and subsequently elected as the speaker of the council.

Adams Oshiomhole

Adams Aliyu Oshiomhole (born on the 4th of April 1952), is a Nigerian politician and the former National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress. He was previously the President of Nigeria Labour Congress from and the executive governor of Edo State, Nigeria. 

Ibrahim Gaidam

Ibrahim Gaidam is a Nigerian politician and the current Senator of Yobe East Senatorial District, Nigeria. He was the governor of Yobe State. 

Ningthou Kaksuba

Ningthou Kaksuba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. 

Ningthou Tonkonba

Ningthou Tonkonba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. 

Ningthou Pottingkoi

Ningthou Pottingkoi was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. 

Cotton pygmy goose

The Cotton Pygmy Goose or Cotton Teal ("Nettapus coromandelianus") is a small Perching duck which breeds in Asia. They are among the smallest waterfowl in the world and are found in small to large waterbodies with good aquatic vegetation. They are usually seen in pairs or larger groups of pairs, roosting and nesting on trees near water. They are strong fliers and are known to disperse widely, especially in winter. Their breeding season coincides with the rains. This species is widely distributed across much of Southern Asia, its distribution extending to Australasia. Some populations disperse further in summer (and are found only seasonally, for instance in Afghanistan and Pakistan's Balochistan province). Winter dispersal is also wide and individuals have been seen as far west as Arabia, and Jordan They are found especially in lakes and ponds with emergent vegetation amid which they forage. They can be found even in small village ponds in Pakistan. 

They were hunted with shotguns especially in the former British India, although they were not considered particularly good eating. Eggs were collected for food and the birds were sold in large numbers in the birds markets of Calcutta in the 19th century. In Pakistan it is considered as the ""National Aquatic bird of Pakistan"", because of its Pan-Pakistani Patriotic Colours respectively.

Ningthou Laanbicha

Ningthou Laanbichaa () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. 

Ningthou Sapaiba

Ningthou Sapaiba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. His name is mentioned in the Panthoibi Khongul.

Ningthou Puthiba

Ningthou Puthiba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom. 

Irrawaddy dolphin

The Irrawaddy dolphin ("Orcaella brevirostris") (Bengali: শুশুক "Shushuko") is a euryhaline species of oceanic dolphin. It is found in broken subpopulations near sea coasts and in estuaries and rivers in parts of the Bay of Bengal and Southeast Asia. 

Although sometimes called the Irrawaddy River dolphin, it is not a true river dolphin, but an oceanic dolphin that lives in brackish water near coasts, river mouths, and estuaries. It has established subpopulations in freshwater rivers, including the Ganges and the Mekong, as well as the Ayeyarwady River from which it takes its name. Its range extends from the Bay of Bengal to New Guinea and the Philippines, although it does not appear to venture off shore. 

Indian Ocean humpback dolphin

The Indian Ocean humpback dolphin ("Sousa plumbea") is a member of the Delphinidae family occupying coastal areas ranging from the warm waters of the Oman Sea (Indian Ocean).

"Sousa plumbea" ranges from Southern Africa to Western Indochina, including coastal areas along East Africa, the Middle East and India (Arabian Sea). This species does not exhibit large migratory behavior. This species has been reported to inhabit a variety of different coastal habitats, including both soft sediment (e.g. sand and sea grass) and hard sediment (e.g. rock and coral) marine habitats as well as estuarine habitats (e.g. lagoons, bays, rivers, and mangrove channels). Preference and prominence of any given habitat type is highly dependent on the geographical location of any given Indian Ocean humpbacked dolphin population.

There is very little scientific evidence to support significant inter-species interactions and groupings, although rare observations have noted interactions (both friendly and aggressive) with the sympatric Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphin, snubfin dolphin, long-snouted spinner dolphin and Black finless porpoise.

Blue-winged parakeet

The Blue-winged parakeet, also known as the Malabar parakeet (binomial name Psittacula columboides) is a species of parakeet, endemic to the Western Ghats in India.

Khuyoi Tompok

Khuyoi Tompok (154 AD-263 AD; 1551 MF-1661 MF) was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the only son and the successor of Emperor Nongda Lairen Pakhangba () and Empress Laisana. 

It was during his era that the time measuring device (pung/poong) and a traditional drum (a musical instrument) (pung/poong) were invented in the kingdom for the first time.
Various experments were carried out for the perfection of the traditional drum. At first, deer skin was used, secondly, tiger skin and thirdly, cow skin was used in making the drum.
The Chinglon Laaihui accounts for his expedition to find out metal ores, especially gold and silver ores in the kingdom.
He is one of the nine kings associated with the design of a royal flag.


Sarojini Naidu

Sarojini Naidu ( Chattopadhyay; 13 February 1879 – 2 March 1949) was an Indian political activist and poet. A proponent of civil rights, women's leader, and anti-imperialistic ideas, she was an important figure in India's struggle for independence from colonial rule She is often called the `Nightingale of India'. She worked closely with Mahatma Gandhi. She is considered and dubbed as the ""Mother of the Nation" of India". She was the former governor of Uttar Pradesh.

Elephanta Caves

The Elephanta Caves are a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a collection of cave temples predominantly dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva. They are on Elephanta Island, or "Gharapuri" (literally "the city of caves"). Parts of the film was portrayed as in depicting in the The Golden Voyage of Sinbad.

Malleus Maleficarum

The Malleus Maleficarum (eng. Hammer of Witches) is the most popular treatise about witchcraft written by the Catholic priest Heinrich Kramer.

The Triumph of the Snake Goddess

The Triumph of the Snake Goddess is an Indo-centric epic tradition. Snakes exist in many myths. They often are magical, mysterious forces. Snake cults were especially important in Eastern India and Bangladesh, where for centuries people who worshjpped the indigenous snake goddess Manasa resisted the competing religious influences of Indo-Europeans and Muslims. The result was many verse texts about Manasa’s struggle to win universal adoration.

KTLA

KTLA is a television station in Los Angeles, California. It is affiliated with The CW. Their studios are in Hollywood.

Rose syrup

The Pakistani Rose Syrup or the Iconic Rooh Afza "(Pakistani dessert drink)" - is the Official “National non-alcoholic Sherbet of Pakistan” respectively. Rooh Afza is often prepared as part of Iftar (the evening meal for breaking the fast or Roza), during Ramadan (the holy month of fasting for Muslims). The concentrate can also be mixed with water, which is a common preparation in the hot Pakistani summer. When mixed with water, the final drink is a type of Sharbat.

Rose and Jasmine Garden

Rose and Jasmine Garden is a public garden located on Kashmir Highway in Islamabad, Capital Territory, Pakistan. It is considered the ""National Garden of Pakistan"" respectively. 

Some of the facilities here include:

Dino Andrade

Dino Andrade (born September 16, 1963) is an American voice actor in video games and animated projects. He manages dual careers as both a voice actor and the creator, owner and operator of the geek-dating/community website Soul Geek.com

Bangladeshi native horse

The Bangladeshi Horse (Bengali: বাংলাদেশের স্থানীয় ঘোড়া) is a breed of horse native to Bangladesh, attached to the group of ponies of Southeast Asia. This small thin animal is used for all kinds of daily survival tasks, involving transport and agricultural traction. There is a smaller variety, named "Pony of Rajshahi". Forming the only indigenous horse in Bangladesh.

Ars moriendi

Ars moriendi are two Latin texts dedicated theme about "good" death. The texts were written from about 1415 to 1450 in the Late Middle Ages. The texts have many illustration showing options for a decent death according to Christian precepts of that time.

Hirzai

The Hirzai or Nukra horse is a rare breed of riding horse originating from Pakistan. These horses are of Arab origin, during the Umayyad Caliphate Dynasty; and have ample resemblance to Balochis. Home tract lies in Balochistan province. Their size is intermediate between those of a horse and a pony. Thoroughbred stallions provided by the Balochistan Government at important centres such as Quetta and Sibi are instrumental in large scale crossbreeding with native mares. The objective is to improve the native stock, however, this policy has led to the deterioration of native breeds purity. Good specimens of Balochi and Hirzai breeds are available at Sibi and Nasirabad Horse shows. Certain measures are currently being taken by the Pakistani state to protect and propagate this rare horse breed. They are a light riding horse developed by the Department of Agriculture in Pakistan. Offspring of the original two were then crossed with lighter desert breeds.

Currently measures are being taken by the Pakistan government to protect and further this rare horse breed. The majority of the animals that exist today are kept at the royal stables of Khan of Kalat.

The Hirzai is a lively horse capable of hard and fast work.

Because it is now considered a rare breed, the Hirzai requires extra attention and special.

Nukra means a horse with white hair and pink skin. At times, there are spots on the skin (locally called as phulkari).

Genetically speaking, it is a double Sabino (two copies of SB1) gene, resulting in maximally expressed white. 

Since the horse has white hair, pink skin and mostly dark brown eyes, you can rule out Albinism.

Riding horse, Light draft.

The Nukra horse is the national horse of Pakistan. It is the official Islamic symbol of the Pakistani culture in the region respectively. This horse is very important in Pakistani culture. They appear in Islamic literature and are on items such as postage stamps. They have been depicted in Lollywood Pakistani movies. There are also Melas or horse shows where they perform dancing by Pakistani man handling. 

Hyde Park, Leeds

Hyde Park is a centre city area for homes of north-west Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, placed between the University of Leeds and Headingley.

It sits in the Headingley and Hyde Park voting area of Leeds City Council, though where the border between Headingley and Hyde Park isn't clear; Victoria Road is usually thought to be its northern limit. Unlike the nearby areas of Burley, Headingley and Woodhouse, Hyde Park was not a village in the past so its borders are unknown. 

The area is in the centre of the city's student community, being next to Headingley, another big student community. There are also many families, single people and a sizable South Asian community.

Before the creation of red brick terraced housing in the end of the Victorian era, the area was where the Leeds Royal Park enjoyment area, quarries, and fields in the estate of the Earl of Cardigan. The Hyde Park name would later include the new places where people live from Hyde Park Corner on the A660, with that area previously being known as Wrangthorn.

Anacoco, Louisiana

Anacoco is a village in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Simpson, Louisiana

Simpson is a village in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gilliam, Louisiana

Gilliam is a village in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hosston, Louisiana

Hosston is a village in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ida, Louisiana

Ida is a village in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rodessa, Louisiana

Rodessa is a village in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dixie Inn, Louisiana

Dixie Inn is a village in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Doyline, Louisiana

Doyline is a village in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dubberly, Louisiana

Dubberly is a village in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Heflin, Louisiana

Heflin is a village in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Shongaloo, Louisiana

Shongaloo is a village in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

2021 Copa América

The 2021 Copa América was the 47th edition of the Copa América, the international men's football championship organised by South America's CONMEBOL. 

The tournament took place in Brazil from 13 June to 10 July 2021. The tournament was originally scheduled to take place from 12 June to 12 July 2020 in Argentina and Colombia as the 2020 Copa América. On 17 March 2020, CONMEBOL announced that because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the tournament had been postponed for a year.

Argentina won the tournament after defeating Brazil.

CureVac

CureVac N.V. is a German biopharmaceutical company that creates therapies based on messenger RNA (mRNA). It is headquartered in Tübingen, Germany. The company was founded in 2000 by Ingmar Hoerr (CEO), Steve Pascolo (CSO), Florian von der Mulbe (COO), Günther Jung, and Hans-Georg Rammensee. 

CureVac had about 240 employees in November 2015. 

The company's focus is on developing vaccines for infectious diseases and drugs to treat cancer and rare diseases.

CureVac COVID-19 vaccine

The CureVac COVID-19 vaccine was a COVID-19 vaccine candidate created by CureVac N.V. and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). 

The vaccine showed bad results in its Phase III trials with only 47% effective. The vaccine was never sold.

Shenzhou 12

Shenzhou 12 is a Chinese spaceflight that launched on 17 June 2021. This makes the seventh crewed Chinese spaceflight and the seventh crewed flight of the Shenzhou program. 

The spacecraft carried three members of the People's Liberation Army Astronaut Corps (PLAAC) on the first flight to the "Tianhe" core module. It is the first module of the Chinese space station Tiangong.

Chief Justice of Iran

The Chief Justice of Iran is the head of the Judicial system of the Islamic Republic of Iran.

The Chief Justice is also the highest judge of the Supreme Court of Iran.

The Chief Justice can serve for two five-year terms.

John Stevens, Baron Stevens of Kirkwhelpington

John Arthur Stevens, Baron Stevens of Kirkwhelpington, (born 21 October 1942) is the former Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (top person in the Metropolitan Police Service) from 2000 until 2005. He was made Deputy Commissioner of the Met in 1998 until his promotion to Commissioner in 2000. He was a writer for the "News of the World", for £7,000 an article, until he left it as the hacking scandal happened.

He sits in the House of Lords as a crossbencher.

Mohammad Beheshti

Mohammad Hosseini Beheshti (; 24 October 1928 – 28 June 1981) was an Iranian jurist, philosopher, cleric and politician. Beheshti helped create Iran's post-revolution constitution. 

Beheshti was assassinated on 28 June 1981, in the Hafte tir bombing by the People's Mujahedin of Iran (MEK). 

Sadeq Larijani

Sadeq Ardeshir Larijani (; born 12 March 1961), better known as Amoli Larijani (), is an Iranian scholar, conservative politician. He was the 5th Chief Justice of Iran from 2009 until 2019.

Supreme Court of Iran

The Supreme Court of Iran is the highest juridical power in Iran. It was created to help enforce the country's laws by courts of justice. It has one of the best judges of the country.

The Chief Justice is in charge of the court.


Civil Contract (Armenia)

Civil Contract (, , ՔՊ, KP, often shortened to Քաղպայմանագիր, "K'aghpaymanagir") is a centrist political party in Armenia. It was created in 2013. They are currently the majority party in the National Assembly.

ICC World Test Championship

The ICC World Test Championship is a league competition for Test cricket run by the International Cricket Council (ICC). It started on 1 August 2019. It is meant to be the premier championship for Test cricket.

Surfside condominium building collapse

At around 1 a.m. EDT on June 24, 2021, Champlain Towers South, a 12-story beachfront condominium building in the Miami suburb of Surfside, Florida, United States, partially collapsed. 

97 people were killed. Eleven more were injured or taken to the hospital. At least 8 people remain missing.

No cause for the collapse has been released but several theories are being considered including sinkholes, construction defects, terrorism and roof repairs.

Milkha Singh

Milkha Singh (20 November 1929 18 June 2021), also known as The Flying Sikh, was an Indian track and field sprinter. He is the only athlete to win gold at 400 metres at the Asian Games as well as the Commonwealth Games. He also won gold medals in the 1958 and 1962 Asian Games. He represented India in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome and the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. 

Singh died of COVID-19 on 18 June 2021 at the age of 91.

Tubilandu Ndimbi

Albert Tubilandu Ndimbi (15 March 1948 – 17 June 2021) was a Congolese football goalkeeper. He played for Zaire in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He also played for AS Vita Club.

Many-banded tree frog

The many-banded tree frog ("Boana multifasciata") is a frog that lives in the Guianas, Venezuela, and Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 150 and 1400 meters above sea level.

Vladimir Shatalov

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Shatalov (; December 8, 1927 – June 15, 2021) was a Soviet cosmonaut. He flew three space missions of the Soyuz programme: Soyuz 4, Soyuz 8, and Soyuz 10.

Shatalov died on June 15, 2021, at age 93. 

Anatoly Chukanov

Anatoly Alekseevich Chukanov (; 10 May 1954 – 12 June 2021) was a Soviet and Russian cyclist. He was part of the Soviet team that won the 100 km team time trial at the 1976 Summer Olympics and 1977 UCI Road World Championships.

Igor Zhelezovski

Igor Nikolayevich Zhelezovski or Ihar Mikałajevič Žalazoŭski (; ; 1 July 1963 – 12 June 2021) was a Soviet and Belarusian speed skater.

Zhelezovski won silver at the World Junior Allround Championships in 1982. He became World Sprint Champion in 1985, 1986, 1989, 1991, 1992, and 1993. 

He won a silver medal in the 1000m event at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.

Zhelezovski died of COVID-19 on 12 June 2021, at the age of 57.

James Busby

James Busby (7 February 1802 – 15 July 1871) was appointed in 1833 as the British Resident in New Zealand, and became involved in drafting both the 1835 Declaration of the Independence of New Zealand and the 1840 Treaty of Waitangi. As British Resident, he acted as New Zealand's first jurist and the "originator of law in Aotearoa", to whom New Zealand owes almost all of its underlying jurisprudence'. Busby is also regarded as the "Father" of New Zealand respectively. 

Markis Kido

Markis Kido (11 August 1984 – 14 June 2021) was an Indonesian badminton player. He won the discipline's gold medal at the 2006 World Cup, 2007 World Championships, and 2008 Olympic Games with Hendra Setiawan. Kido was born in Jakarta, Indonesia.

Kido died on 14 June 2021 in Tangerang, Indonesia from a heart attack, aged 36.

Adam Smelczyński

Adam Smelczyński (14 September 1930 – 14 June 2021) was a Polish trap shooter. He competed at six Olympics between 1956 and 1976. He won one silver medal in 1956.

Apple Daily

Apple Daily () was a Traditional Chinese tabloid-style newspaper in Hong Kong in publication from 1995 to 2021. It was founded in 1995 by Jimmy Lai. It was once one of the best-selling Chinese language newspapers in Hong Kong. 

On 24 June 2021, the newspaper was forced to shutdown for violating a national security law. 

In June last year, Beijing implemented a sweeping new security law - despite much criticism and protest. The law gives Beijing powers to shape life in Hong Kong it has never had before. Critics say it effectively curtails protest and freedom of speech, though China has said it will return stability. Just months after the law was implemented, Lai and a handful of other media figures and activists were arrested and the Apple Daily officers were raided. Police also detained its chief editor and four other executives. The freezing of company accounts meant the paper no longer had money to pay its staff and run daily operations.

Melissa Coates

Melissa Coates (June 18, 1971 – June 23, 2021) was a Canadian professional wrestler, bodybuilder, fitness model, and actress. Coates was born in Thunder Bay, Ontario.

She was best known for appearing in the first two seasons of the Game Show Network show "Extreme Dodgeball". She was known for her appearances in World Wrestling Entertainment's developmental territories Ohio Valley Wrestling and Deep South Wrestling, NWA Anarchy, and Women Superstars Uncensored.

Coates died on June 23, 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada from problems caused by a blood clot, aged 50.

Marwari horse

The Marwari or Malani is a rare breed of horse from the Marwar (or Jodhpur) region of Rajasthan, in north-west India.

The period of British colonial rule hastened the Marwari's fall from dominance, as did the eventual independence of India. The British preferred other breeds, and tried to eliminate the Marwari, along with the Kathiawari. Britons living in India instead preferred thoroughbreds and polo ponies, and reduced the reputation of the Marwari to the point where even the inward-turning ears of the breed were mocked as the "mark of a native horse".

The Marwari horse is a riding horse; it may also be used for shows, horse safaris, sport, ceremonial & religious purposes, and during earlier days in war. Within the Marwari horse breed was a strain known as the Natchni, believed by local people to be "born to dance". Decorated in silver, jewels, and bells, these horses were trained to perform complex prancing and leaping movements at many ceremonies, including weddings. Although the Natchni strain is extinct today, horses trained in those skills are still in demand in rural India.

Robin Carnahan

Robin Colleen Carnahan (born August 4, 1961) is an American businesswoman and lawyer. She is the 23rd Administrator of General Services since 2021 during the Joe Biden administration. She is the daughter of Missouri politicians Mel and Jean Carnahan. 

In 2010, she was the Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate to replace retiring Republican Senator Kit Bond. 

On April 6, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated her to serve as the administrator of the General Services Administration.Her nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 23, 2021.

Julianne Smith

Julianne "Julie" Smith is an American foreign policy advisor and politician. She is the United States Ambassador to NATO since December 6, 2021.

Smith has written op-ed columns for "The New York Times", Lawfare, "Washington Monthly", "Foreign Affairs", and "The National Interest".

From 2009 to 2012, she was the director of European and NATO policy at the United States Department of Defense. From April 2012 to June 2013, she served as deputy national security advisor to then-Vice President Joe Biden.

In June 2021, President Biden nominated Smith to serve as the United States Ambassador to NATO. Her nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on November 18, 2021.

Carlos Del Toro

Carlos Del Toro (born 1961) is a Cuban-born American retired military officer and businessman. He is the 78th and current United States Secretary of the Navy since 2021.

He worked for the Office of the Secretary of Defense and special assistant to the director and deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget. He was also the commanding officer of the USS "Bulkeley".

In June 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Del Toro to serve as the United States Secretary of the Navy.

Indian pariah dog

The Indian Pariah Dog, also known as the Indian Native Dog or South Asian Pye dog and Desi Dog is a landrace of dog native to the Indian subcontinent.

The namesake of this breed was given during the British Raj in India after the Pariah tribe of the Madras Presidency. From the Anglo-Indian word "pye" or "paë" and Hindi "pāhī" meaning 'outsider', the Indian pariah dog is sometimes referred to as the pye-dog (also spelt "pie" or "pi") and the Indian native dog. It is popularly known as Desi Kutta or Desi Dog (which derives from the Urdu word "desi", meaning "native"), as well as the Indi-dog or In-dog (in various spellings). It was referred to in the works of Rudyard Kipling as the "yellow pariah dog".

The pariah dog of India is an ancient autochthonous landrace that is found all over India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka and even beyond South Asia. A pariah-like dog skull was discovered in the ancient Indian site of Mohenjo-daro and prehistoric rock art depicting a dog of similar type has been found in the Bhimbetka rock shelters. It was featured on National Geographic Channel's film, "Search for the First Dog" along with the other ancient types such as the Canaan Dog of Israel and the Australian dingo.

Indian Pariah dogs make for loving family pets and are great with kids and adults. They are high on energy and complement kids with an active lifestyle. Indian pariah dogs are one of the oldest dog breeds in existence today.
Archaeological findings indicate that this dog was in existence some 4500 years ago. Excavations in the Mohenjo-Daro site found in the Sindh region of Pakistan (Indus Valley civilisation) revealed an Indian Pariah dog skull dating to 2500 BCE. Also, there are various cave paintings across the Indian subcontinent that hints at pariah dogs to be one of the oldest dog breeds in the world.

Maya Wiley

Maya D. Wiley (born January 2, 1964) is an American lawyer, professor, civil rights activist, and politician. She was the counsel to New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. She chaired the Civilian Complaint Review Board (CCRB) from 2016 to 2017. She has worked for MSNBC as a legal analyst since August 2018. 

In October 2020, Wiley announced her candidacy for Mayor of New York City in the 2021 election. On July 6, 2021, Associated Press announced that Eric Adams won the Democratic primary.

Jack Elam

William Scott "Jack" Elam (November 13, 1920 – October 20, 2003) was an American film and television actor best known for his numerous roles as villains in Western films, and later in his career, comedies (sometimes spoofing his villainous image). His most distinguishing physical quality was his misaligned eye. Before his career in acting, he took several jobs in finance and served two years in the United States Navy during World War II.

Elam played in 73 movies and made appearances in 41 television series. Some of his more memorable performances were in "Once Upon a Time in the West", "High Noon", "Support Your Local Sheriff!", and on the anthology series "The Twilight Zone", and on the series "Gunsmoke".



Pakola

Pakola, derived from Pakistan-Cola, is a line of flavoured carbonated soft drinks from Pakistan. Since the company's founding, many beverages have been introduced in the local as well as the international market, but none have overtaken the original Pakola drink.

Several of the variants that have been introduced by Pakola:

Pakola is currently produced by Mehran Bottlers. 

Pakola is now available in the Americas, Africa, Australasia, Canada, Middle East, and the United Kingdom. It is the only carbonated beverage manufactured in Pakistan that is exported globally.

Due to the introduction of the capacity tax in 2013, Pakola discontinued the production and distribution of all glass-bottled products. The tax was levied on the overall production and distribution of the machinery instead of output, which was detrimental for companies with lower productions or smaller markets. After the collapse of this system, Mehran Bottlers quickly set up their PET lines to grasp the market once again.


Gwendolyn Göbel

Gwendolyn Göbel (born around 2006 in Berlin), is a German child and movie actress.


Americans in India

Americans in India are Americans that live in India. There are about 200 Americans in India.

Т-34

The T-34 was a Soviet tank introduced in 1940, famously deployed to the Red Army during World War II against Operation Barbarossa.

The T-34 has good armor, a fairly powerful engine and wide tracks. The initial version of the T-34 had a powerful 76.2mm L-11 gun, and was often called the T-34-76. In 1944, a second version began production, the T-34-85, with a larger and more powerful 85mm ZIS-S-53 cannon to deal with newer German tanks.


Alain Paul Lebeaupin

Alain Paul Lebeaupin (2 March 1945 – 24 June 2021) was a French Catholic Church prelate. He was the Apostolic Nuncio to the European Union from 2012 to 2020.

Lebeaupin was born in Paris on 2 March 1945. He became a priest on 28 June 1975 for the Diocese of Nice.

On 7 December 1998, he was named titular archbishop of Vico Equense and appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Ecuador. 

On 27 February 2021, he was appointed a consultor of the Section for Relations with States of the Secretariat of State.

He died on 24 June 2021 in Rome from a heart attack.


Med Reventberg

Inga Margaretha "Med" Ida Reventberg (7 June 1948 – 24 June 2021) was a Swedish actress, short movie director, and theatre manager.

She was born in Nyköping. In the 1970s, she was a member of the leftist theater and music group Nationalteatern. After being active in several other Swedish theatres, she headed the Västerbotten theatre from 2005 on.

Reventberg appeared in many Swedish movies and television productions, mostly in minor roles.

Reventberg died on 24 June 2021, at the age of 73.

Sivan (cinematographer)

Sivasankaran Nair, popularly known as Sivan (14 May 1932 – 24 June 2021) was an Indian cinematographer, movie director known for his works in Malayalam cinema. Sivan won national film award three times. He was the first government press photographer in Travancore and Thiru-Kochi. He was the father of Sangeeth Sivan, Santhosh Sivan and Sanjeev Sivan and Saritha Rajeev.

Sivan was the still photographer of national award winning Malayalam movie "Chemmeen".

His directorial debut film was Swapnam in 1972. Some of his popular films are Abhayam, Yagam, Oru Yatra, Keshu, Kochu Kochu Mohangal and Kilivathil.

Sivan died on 24 June 2021 due to cardiac arrest in his house at Thiruvananthapuram.

Sivan was the second child of Gopalapillai and Bhavaniamma of Padeettathil house in Harippad. He was the second amongst their six children. His full name was Sivasankaran Nair.

The Last Vermeer

The Last Vermeer is a 2019 American drama movie directed by first time director Dan Friedkin and was based on the 2008 novel "The Man Who Made Vermeers" by Jonathan Lopez. It stars Guy Pearce, Claes Bang, Vicky Krieps, Roland Møller, August Diehl, Susannah Doyle, Adrian Scarborough and was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


Silence (2016 movie)

Silence is a 2016 American British Italian Japanese Mexican Taiwanese period drama movie directed by Martin Scorsese and was the second version of the 1966 novel of same name by Shūsaku Endō. It stars Andrew Garfield, Adam Driver, Tadanobu Asano, Ciarán Hands, Liam Neeson, Shinya Tsukamoto, Issey Ogata, Ryo Kase and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Awards in 2017.

Incunable

Incunable is a book printed in Europe from the moment of the invention of printing to 1501. Book editions are very rare. The circulation is about 100-300 copies. 

The examples of incunable: Gutenberg Bible, Nuremberg Chronicle.


Mandalay Pictures

Mandalay Pictures (later as Mandalay Independent Pictures and Mandalay Vision) is a Santa Monica,-based movie production company and subsidiary of Mandalay Entertainment Group, established on May 27, 1995 by producer and businessman Peter Guber. At the same time, the company signed a exclusive contract with Sony Pictures to production of films through the Columbia and TriStar. The mascot of company is tiger.

At first, was a independent company, was acquired by Lionsgate in 1997, which was a owner of company until 2002. In 2003, was a again independent company, was merged with Mandalay Entertainment in 2008.

In 2007, the company launched a Mandalay Independent Pictures, independent division, which deals with production and financing of only independent films. In 2010, the division was renamed to Mandalay Vision.

Anna Dianova

Anna Dianova is a Ukrainian conceptual painter and multimedia artist. She works mostly in figurative fine art and digital art.

Anna Dianova was born on February 24, in Kyiv, Ukraine. She started painting when she was a child and continued her professional education in 2008-2011 at the Taras Shevchenko State Artistic school. In 2011-2015, she was a student of the National Academy of Fine Arts and Architecture. In 2016, she studied at Kyiv Academy of Media Arts. 

Currently, Anna travels between New York, Los Angeles, and Miami. She is interested in Digital Art technology.

Anna Dianova worked as a model in Faces Model Agency and participated in Miss Kyiv Beauty Competition in 2014.

Since 2015, Anna has taken the position of Art Director in Ideal Secrets company.

She worked with the production of Alina Dianova as an actress and art director.

Anna started her activity at the Women's Rights Organization in 2017.

In 2017, Anna's work “The White Knight” became a part of the collection of Andrea Bocelli Foundation.

Anna works as a metamodernist. Representing the era of metamodernism, reinterpreting history, and creating characters in new futurological mythology.

In 2011, she took part in the project “Candice Breitz: YOU + I”.

In 2015, Anna appeared in the Ukrainian TV show as an expert of fine arts.

In 2015-2016, her works were presented in the “True exhibition”.

In 2016, Anna had her personal project “Illusion” in Kyiv. This transformer exhibition was presented at the Gemluc Art Expo in Monaco.

In 2017, some works were presented in the Prince Albert Foundation Charity Gala in Monaco.

In 2017, Dianova with the Ukrainian Parliament had an exhibition “Harmony of Equals<nowiki>" which was dedicated to women's rights. Anna's painting "The White Queen" was selected by the commission of the "Feeling of Freedom" exhibition and became an honorary part of the organization'</nowiki>s collection.

In 2018, Anna won a competition for Blockchain Art in the Economic Forum 2018.


Indie Book Awards

Indie Book Awards( Next Generation Indie Book Awards) is an American literary awards program. It recognizes and honors authors and books in different categories. "Indies" include small presses, larger independent publishers, university presses, e-book publishers, and self-published authors. It was established in 2007. It is the largest international awards program and, is presented by the Independent Book Publishing Professionals Group.

This award was founded in 2007 by Catherine Goulet and Marilyn Allen of Allen O’Shea Literary Agency.. It is presented by the Independent Book Publishing Professionals Group. The judges are professionals from the publishing industry,literary agents, editors and authors.

Trophy,cash prizes and medals are awarded to winners and finalists each year during Book Expo America.The top books in each category are reviewed by literary agents. The awards ceremonies are held in New York City.The Next Generation Indie Book Awards program has been said to be the 'Sundance' of the book publishing world.

Leaders of South Vietnam

This is a list of leaders of South Vietnam, since the establishment of the Autonomous Republic of Cochinchina in 1946, and the division of Vietnam in 1954 until the fall of the Republic of Vietnam in 1975, and the reunification of Vietnam in 1976.


Albert del Rosario

Albert Ferreros del Rosario (November 14, 1939 – April 18, 2023) was a Filipino politician. He was the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines from 2011 to 2016 during the Benigno Aquino III administration.

Del Rosario died on April 18, 2023 while on a flight heading towards San Francisco, California at the age of 83. The cause of death was heart failure caused by cardiomyopathy.

Mike Brooks (journalist)

Mike Brooks (1955 – June 23, 2021) was a television news correspondent for CNN. He appeared regularly on HLN's "Nancy Grace" show, and "Prime News" and gave significant coverage of the Anna Nicole Smith paternity controversy, as well as the Virginia Tech massacre. Brooks could be seen on Tru TV's "In Session" (formerly Court TV), where he provided commentary as their law-enforcement analyst. He was 6'7" tall.

Brooks was also a retired police detective, employed for 26 years by the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Police Department. He was assigned to the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism Task Force, and also served as an instructor for several public safety courses. His work on the FBI Evidence Response and Rapid Deployment Team included assignments to the Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia, the United States Embassy bombing in Kenya, and the crash of TWA Flight 800. Brooks left Turner Broadcasting in October 2014.

Brooks died on June 23, 2021, at the age of 66.

Gerry Alanguilan

Doroteo Gerardo N. Alanguilan, Jr. (20 January 1968 – 21 December 2019) was a comic book artist in the Philippines. Also he was a writer and architect.

He was active in the 1990s and early 2000s.

Gerry Alanguilan was born on January 20, 1968, in San Pablo City, Laguna, Philippines.

In 1984, he started to study in the University of Santo Tomas. In 1989, he became a Bachelor of Science in Architecture from the College of Architecture and Fine Arts.

In 1986, he made first submissions to Marvel and to DC Comics.

His first comic was "Wasted." It was published during July 1994-1996 in Philippines and Alanguilan became popular in the USA.

In the 1990s, Gerry Alanguilan was an inker for many American comic book titles and worked with Image Comics.

In 1997, he started to work with Marvel.

In 2006, miniseries "Elmer" was published.

In 2007-2009, TIMAWA appeared in Buzz Magazine.

In 2011 Alanguilan with Arnold Arre created a concept piece "Darna Lives!".

In 2014, the graphic novel "Rodski Patotski" was written.

In 2017, Alanguilan published "Bakokak" with Kevin Ray Valentino.

Brian London

Brian Sidney Harper (19 June 1934 – 23 June 2021), known professionally as Brian London, was an English professional boxer who competed from 1955 to 1970. 
He held the British and Commonwealth heavyweight title from 1958 to 1959, and twice challenged for the world heavyweight title, losing to Floyd Patterson in 1959 and Muhammad Ali in 1966, both times via knockout. He was one of a quartet of British boxers, with Henry Cooper, Joe Erskine, and Dick Richardson, who dominated the British boxing scene throughout the 1950s and 1960s. Following a long illness, he died on June 23, 2021, four days after his 87th birthday.

S&amp;P 500

The Standard and Poor's 500, or sometimes known as the S&P 500, is something that measures the stock market, looking at how well 500 of the largest companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States are doing. It is one of the most commonly used ways of looking at stocks for these companies. There is over $4.6 trillion invested in the companies that use how well companies are doing to know when to invest.

The 10 largest companies in the index are responsible for 26.4% of the tied investments. The 10 largest companies in the S&P 500, in order of size, are Apple Inc., Microsoft, Amazon.com, Facebook, Alphabet Inc. (class A & C), Tesla, Inc., Berkshire Hathaway, JPMorgan Chase, and Johnson & Johnson. For a list of companies in the S&P 500, see List of S&P 500 companies.

Index funds that look at how well the S&P 500 are doing have been suggested as things to invest in by Warren Buffett, Burton Malkiel, and John C. Bogle for investors with long time horizons.

Although the S&P 500 includes only companies that are available to be sold in stocks in the United States, companies in the S&P 500 on average only get 72% of their money from the United States.
The S&P 500 is one of the ways used to calculate the Conference Board Leading Economic Index, used to predict if the economy will do better or worse in the future.

It is associated with many ticker symbols, including: ^GSPC, INX, and $SPX, but this changes by market or website. The index value is updated every 15 seconds, or 1,559 times per trading day, with price updates updated with help from Reuters.
The S&P 500 is kept up-to-date by S&P Dow Jones Indices, a joint venture mostly owned by S&P Global

