Canelo Álvarez

Santos Saúl Álvarez Barragán (born 18 July 1990), better known as Saúl "Canelo" Álvarez, is a Mexican professional boxer. Since December 2018, he has been the middleweight world champion of the IBO, WBA and WBC. He is ranked the world's best active boxer, pound for pound, by BoxRec. He is the former WBC and WBA light middleweight champion, former WBC middleweight world champion and former WBO light middleweight champion. He has had 54 pro fights, winning 51 (35 by knockout), losing once and drawing twice. His only loss was to Floyd Mayweather Jr. in 2013.

Álvarez was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco. "Canelo" means cinnamon in Spanish, a common nickname for people with red hair. He has a daughter.

The Ship of the Dead

The Ship of The Dead is the third novel in Rick Riordan's trilogy series "Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard", based on Norse mythology.

Empusa

Empousa or Empusa was a female spirit in Greek mythology. The origin of the figure is unclear. Her mother was probably Hectate. Empousa seems to have been a spirit used to frighten people. In appearance, she probably resembled Mormo and Lamia. She seems to have had the ability to change her appearance or shape (known as shapeshifting).

One of the first to describe her was the Ancient Greek poet Aristophanes, in his comedy The Frogs: When the Greek god Dionisus is on the way to the underworld with his slave Xanthias, Empusa appears in different forms (animals: cow, donkey, dog), and finally as a woman. One of her legs is made of iron, the other is made of cow dung.

Catwoman (movie)

Catwoman is a 2004 superhero-action movie. It was based loosely on the DC Comics character of the same name.

Artist and graphics designer Patience Phillips is a people-pleaser. Her main support is her best friend Sally. She works for a cosmetics company called Hedare Beauty. They're ready to ship a new skin cream, Beau-line. It reverses the effects of aging. However, Patience overhears the scientist Dr. Ivan Slavicky and Laurel Hedare, the wife of company owner George Hedare, talking of the dangerous side effects from continued use of the skin cream. Laurel's guards discover Patience. They are ordered to get rid of her. Patience is then killed by drowning.

Patience later washes up on shore. She's brought back to life by a cat, the Egyptian Mau. The cat appeared at her apartment earlier. From that point on, she develops cat-like abilities. 

From Mau's owner, researcher Ophelia Powers, Patience learns that Egyptian Mau cats are messengers of the goddess Bast. She then realizes she is now a "catwoman". She is reborn with abilities that are a blessing "and" a curse. She is disguised as Catwoman to hide her identity. Under cover of darkness, Patience looks for answers as to who killed her and why. Her search leads her to Laurel Hedare. Patience asks Laurel to keep an eye on George. Laurel agrees to do so.

When Patience meets George in anger, however, he says that he knows nothing about the side effects. The police, led by Patience's love partner, Detective Tom Lone, come. Catwoman escapes. 

Later, Laurel kills her husband for his infidelity. She had Dr Slavicky killed because he wanted to end the release of Beau-line. She calls Catwoman and blames the murder on "her". Tom arrests Catwoman and takes her into custody.

Patience, or Catwoman, slips from her cell and angrily meets Laurel in her office. Patience rescues Tom. Tom questioned Laurel about Patience's guilt in the process. It then becomes obvious that Laurel was the one who killed Patience. 

During a fight, Patience scratches Laurel's face several times. That causes Laurel to fall out a window, then grab a pipe. Laurel falls to her own death.

Patience is cleared of any charges about the deaths of the Hedares and Dr Slavicky. She ends things with Tom. She enjoys her newfound freedom as the mysterious Catwoman.

"Catwoman" took in $40,202,379 in North America. It made $41,900,000 in other countries. The budget was $100 million.

"Catwoman" was hated by critics. Under Rotten Tomatoes, it had a score of 8%. It appeared on the list of Roger Ebert's most hated movies. Ebert and his co-host Richard Roeper both gave the movie "thumbs down".

The movie got seven Golden Raspberry Award nominations in 2005. It won Worst Picture, Worst Actress, Worst Director and Worst Screenplay.

Night-watchman state

A night-watchman state is part of libertarian philosophy. Those who believe in a night-watchman state are called "minarchists" and they believe in minarchism. This view believes a government's only function is to protect the rights of its citizens.

The military, police, and court system are provided to protect citizens, while the free markets handle everything else. Minarchists believe that the most efficient way of providing products and services is through the use of free markets. This is the belief of free market capitalism or laissez-faire capitalism.

Citizens should be protected from aggression, theft, broken contracts and fraud. Also property laws, specifically private property laws need to be enforced.

Ayn Rand, Robert Nozick, and Austin Petersen, Ron Paul, Rand Paul, Friedrich Hayek, Ludwig Von Mises, and Frederic Bastiat are well known for adopting minarchism as a part of their beliefs.

This idea of a night-watchman state is related to libertarianism. It is especially relevant to the USA, and rarely used in other contexts. However, it has its origin in the social history of 19th century Great Britain.

The Way of Walking Alone

The Way of Walking Alone("Dokkōdō"), also translated as "The Path of Aloneness" or "The Way to Go Forth Alone", is a short book by the swordsman and philosopher Miyamoto Musashi in 1645.

Colin Thiele

Colin Milton Thiele (16 November 1920 – 4 September 2006) was an Australian author and educator. He had over 100 published works. He was known for his children's books. His most famous works were "Storm Boy", "Blue Fin", the "Sun on the Stubble" series and "February Dragon". "Storm Boy" was made into movie twice, the first in 1976 and the second in 2019. In 1976, he was made a Companion of the Order of Australia for his work in writing and teaching.

Thiele was born in Eudunda, South Australia. At the start of his life, he only spoke German as part of the German community in the Barossa Valley. He served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) during the Second World War. He was married to Rhonda. The couple had two daughters.

Thiele died of heart failure on 4 September 2006 in Brisbane, Queensland. He was 85. There was not many news reports of his death. This was because it happened on the same day as fellow Australian, zookeeper and conservationist, Steve Irwin.

Hyponymy and hypernymy

In linguistics, a hyponym is a word that can be changed with a different and less precise word without changing the overall meaning of the phrase. The different word is its hyperonym, hypernym or superordinate term. Hyponymy is a relation to a more generic word. A hyponym can be part of a group of words on a similar level that can all be replaced by the same hypernym. For example, "pigeon", "crow", "eagle" and "seagull" are all hyponyms (co-hyponyms) of "bird" (their hypernym). In turn, bird is a hyponym of "animal". In a sentence such as 'The pigeon is flying over the church.', it is jpossible to change the word pigeon to "bird" or "animal" without changing the overall meaning of the sentence. This is because "pigeon" is a hyponym of both "bird" and "animal". 

A hypernym is sometimes also called an umbrella term or a blanket term. 

The word Hyponym comes from the Greek "hupó", "under" and "ónoma", "name". Hypernym comes from the Greek "hupér", "over" and "ónoma", "name". A hyponym can also sometimes be a phrase. A word can be both a hypernym and a hyponym.

In Computer science this relationship is often called an "is-a" relationship. For example, the phrase 'Red is-a colour' describes the hyponymic relationship between "red" and "colour".

The idea of hyponymy is very important in language translation. This is because hyponyms are very common across languages. For example, in Japanese the word for 'older brother' is , and the word for 'younger brother' is . An English-to-Japanese translator needs to choose which Japanese word to use to translate the English word "brother". This can be difficult during machine translation because this information is often not available.



Bunia

Bunia is a city in the Ituri Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and the capital of Ituri province. It was part of the Orientale Province until that province was split up into smaller provinces in 2015. As of 2012 it had an estimated population of 366,126.

It lies at an elevation of 1275 m on a plateau about 30 km west of Lake Albert in the Albertine Rift, and about 25 km east of the Ituri Forest.

The city is at the center of the Ituri conflict between the Lendu and Hema. In the Second Congo War the city and district were the scene of much fighting and many civilian deaths from this conflict, and related clashes between militias and Uganda-based forces. Consequently, the city is the base of one of the largest United Nations peace-keeping forces in Africa, and its headquarters in northeastern DRC. The area's natural resources include gold mines over which militias and foreign forces have been fighting.

Retroactive continuity

Retroactive continuity, or retcon, is when some detail in a fictional story, such as a movie, TV, or book series, is added, changed, or ignored in a later part of the series. It can happen for several different reasons, like fixing a plot hole or getting rid of a detail that was disliked by many people.

There are a few main types of retcons.

The first is addition. This is a new detail added to give the reader or viewer a new understanding of the story. This detail would not have been planned when a series was first being made. For example, many people who watched complained that the Death Star had an easily spotted and poorly placed weak point. This made it easier to be destroyed. George Lucas, the writer of Star Wars, did not have an explanation why. However, the writers of its prequel, Rogue One, later explained this. They wrote the story so that character Galen Erso, who is the main character Jyn Erso's father, made its weak point easily seen and poorly placed on purpose. He did this so he could help the Rebel Alliance destroy it.

The second is alteration. This is a detail goes against details already given. This is called a contradiction. For example, in , the villain Revolver Ocelot tells the main character Solid Snake that Big Boss was in his late fifties when he gave his genes to make clones. This was the year 1972. However, in the prequel Metal Gear Solid 3, Big Boss is the main character. The game is set in 1964, but Big Boss is nowhere even close to being in his late forties or early fifties, which is how old he is supposed to be.

The third is subtraction. This is a detail that gets ignored or forgotten later in a series. For example, in the movie , the villain Colonel Stryker experiments on the superhero Deadpool and turns him into Weapon 11. This made fans of Deadpool so unhappy that when the Deadpool movie came out it completely ignored the story given in X-Men Origins.

Equivalent weight

Equivalent weight in chemistry is also known as gram equivalent. It is the mass of a given substance which will combine with or displace a fixed quantity of another substance.

The equivalent weight of an element is the mass which combines with or displaces 1.008 gram of hydrogen or 8.0 grams of oxygen or 35.5 grams of chlorine. These values are the atomic weight divided by the usual valence. For oxygen, as an example, that is 16.0g / 2.

Equivalent weight has the dimensions and units of mass, unlike atomic weight, which is dimensionless. The equivalent weight of a compound can be got by dividing the molecular weight by the number of positive or negative electrical charges carried by its ions (which result from dissolving the compound).

Capoid

Capoid race was a word for the Khoikhoi and San peoples. American anthropologist Carleton S. Coon invented the word in 1962. The words means "looking like a person from the Cape of Good Hope". Coon divided human beings into five races. He called these races "Capoid", "Congoid", "Mongoloid", "Australoid", and "Caucasoid". Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of five races was wrong.

Big Boss

Big Boss is a recurring character in the "Metal Gear" series of video games, who serves as a hero or villain. He is the one who gave the genes to make three clones of himself, Solid Snake, Liquid Snake and Solidus Snake. In a way, this makes him their father. He starts off as a soldier for the CIA special forces team, the FOX Unit. He later creates and leads a special forces team himself, FOXHOUND.

In "Metal Gear Solid 3", Big Boss unsuccessfully rescues the scientist Sokolov, because his mentor, the Boss, changes sides from the United States to Soviet Union. At first, he did not understand why. Later, it is explained that the government ordered her to change sides, because she was the only soldier Volgin would respect and trust enough to keep the Philosophers' legacy during World War II. The Boss later reunites with her former team of fellow soldiers, the Cobra Unit. She knew Big Boss, who was called Naked Snake in the game, would have to kill her as part of his mission, but she wanted to pass on her goal for him to complete. After he discovers the real reason for the Boss's death, he loses his patriotism and wants to unite the world under one government. This is so that the world's governments would not threaten to destroy each other with nuclear weapons. The government gives him a new code name, Big Boss. He dislikes the code name, because it reminded him that it was given to him for killing the Boss. She was one of the only he really cared for.

In Metal Gear 1 & 2, Big Boss attempts to use Metal Gear to destroy the world's governments, but FOXHOUND agent Solid Snake (who is also one of Big Boss's clones) destroys it and stops him.

Metal Gear Solid 3

Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is the fifth game for the "Metal Gear" series. It added many new gameplay features to the series. It marked the first game using camouflage in the environment. It is the prequel game for the timeline and the first game, which introduces Big Boss, Solid Snake's former commander, enemy and father.

In 1964, the CIA sends Big Boss, who was then called Naked Snake, to a secret Soviet airbase in Pakistan. He is sent to rescue Sokolov. Sokolov is a Soviet scientist who left the Soviet Union with his wife and daughter. The United Stated sent him back to the USSR because US wanted the USSR to take nuclear missiles out of Cuba during the Cuban Missile Crisis. He is then forced to build a secret weapon called the Shagohod. This is a tank that can fire nuclear missiles in places that would otherwise be hard to do so. This building of this weapon is being overseen by Volgin. He is a Soviet officer who wants to destroy both the KGB and the Western world. Naked Snake almost completes his mission until his mentor, the Boss, betrays him. She does this by changing sides from the United States to the Soviet Union. After the mission fails, he is brought back to America.

One week later, he is sent back to the same Soviet base on a new mission, Operation Snake Eater. He must complete four tasks, rescue Sokolov, destroy the Shagohod, kill the Boss and the Cobra Unit, which is a team of supernatural soliders, and kill Volgin.

Contradiction

A contradiction is when there are two or more statements that cannot all be true at the same time. A contradiction in logic can also be used to denote a self-contradictory statement, in which case it sometimes denoted by the symbol formula_1 or formula_2.

A story that shows what a contradiction is comes from China. In this story, there is a merchant who sells both spears and shields. He says that his spears are so sharp that they could break through any shield. At the same time, he says that his shields are so strong that they could block any spear. This is a contradiction, because these two statements cannot both be true. Either spear will break the shield or the shield will block the spear, but not both. For this reason, the word for contradiction in Chinese is "máodùn" (矛盾), which literally means "spear and shield".

In Aristotle's logic, it is said that two contradictory propositions cannot both be true. For example, the propositions "A is B" and "A is not B" are mutually exclusive, meaning that only one, and not both, can be true. For example, the statements "the Pope is Catholic" and "the Pope is not Catholic" cannot both be true. Only one of the statements, and not the other, is true. 


Rebel Alliance

The Rebel Alliance (or The Alliance to Restore the Republic) was a group of people and aliens in the Star Wars series that fought the Galactic Empire and brought back freedom and democracy to the Star Wars galaxy. Important characters in the Rebel Alliance were Princess Leia, Bail Organa, Mon Mothma, Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Chewbacca, R2-D2, and C-3PO, as well as Jyn Erso, Kanan Jarrus, and Admiral Ackbar. 

After the Republic turned into the Empire, small cells of rebels loosely fought the Empire, led by Bail Organa. These cells later joined together into a larger Rebellion, stealing the plans of the Death Star and destroying it. Later, the Rebels fought again and destroyed the second Death Star, ending the Empire and restoring the Republic. Many of the Rebels would later join the Resistance against the First Order.

Galactic empire

The Galactic Empire is the government that rules the Star Wars galaxy in the Star Wars series. They are the main villains in the first three Star Wars movies. It is ruled by Darth Sidious and enforced by his apprentice, Darth Vader. The Empire rules the galaxy by creating fear and using violence. It is a totalitarian government, which means it controls every part of the people's lives. It uses its military to kill or silence anyone who does not agree with its rule.

The Empire was created because Darth Sidious overthrew the Galactic Republic by starting the Clone Wars. Before the war started, many planets and star systems left the Republic to create their own government and army, the Separatists. Many people in the Republic were scared of the Separatists, so they voted to give emergency powers to Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, the public identity of Darth Sidious. This was because he was well-liked and they believed he was a strong leader. By the end of he war, Sidious could create any law he wanted. The only ones who could stop him were the Jedi, a very old group of knights who swore to protect the Republic. They tried to arrest him, but they failed. Sidious used this as an excuse to create a government with much more security. He made the Republic into the Empire, and made himself Emperor.

The Empire killed many people and aliens. Paying its large military made the galaxy poor. It took away almost all freedoms and rights people had under the Republic. It had a lot of corruption. Life was so terrible under the Empire that some of its governors and officials tried to talk to the Empire's leaders, but they were threatened. 

Therefore, many people and aliens joined the Rebel Alliance to destroy the Empire and bring back the Republic.

After the deaths of both Darth Vader and the Emperor and the Empire's loss on the Battle of Jakku, the Empire surrendered to the Rebel Alliance. The Rebels then created the New Republic. The Empire may have surrendered, but some of the Empire's leaders who were still alive created a new military based on the Empire, the First Order. They rebuilt by buying weapons and spaceships from greedy merchants in the Outer Rim and taking over planets with many resources they could use to buy more weapons. They also kidnapped many babies and forced them to become stormtroopers. They secretly built a superweapon called Starkiller Base. They used the weapon to blow up the capital of the New Republic, Hosnian Prime.

Now that the New Republic is gone, the First Order wants to create the Empire again.

Code name

A code name is a secret name used to refer to a name, word, project or person. Spies are often referred to by their code name to make discovery more difficult. Code names may also be used in industrial espionage to protect secrets from business rivals. 

Secrecy is not the only reason for their use. Standard words and phrases are easier to hear on radio channels like walkie-talkies.

Code names became numerous in World War II. Names like Operation Barbarossa and Operation Overlord and the Manhattan Project became famous.

X-Men Origins: Wolverine

X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a prequel to the X-Men movies. It is about the life of Wolverine before he became one of the X-Men.

Snapple

Snapple is a flavored beverage in the United States. It was created in 1972 and is owned by the company Keurig Dr Pepper. It is based in Plano, Texas.


Judith Resnik

Judith Arlene Resnik (April 5, 1949 – January 28, 1986) was an American engineer, pilot and NASA astronaut. She died when the Space Shuttle "Challenger" was destroyed during the launch of mission STS-51-L. She was also aboard Space Shuttle "Discovery" for its first mission, STS-41-D in 1984. She spent 145 hours in space. She was the first Jewish American in space and the first Jewish woman in space.

Resnik was born in Akron, Ohio. Her family was Jewish. She earned degrees at Carnegie Mellon University (B.S.) and the University of Maryland (Ph.D.). She was married to Michael Oldak from 1970 until their divorce in 1975.

On January 28, 1986, Space Shuttle "Challenger" broke apart 73 seconds after launch. Resnik and all six others aboard died.


Ellison Onizuka

Onizuka was born in Kealakekua, Hawaii. He got two degrees at the University of Colorado at Boulder (B.S. and M.S.) in 1969. He was a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Air Force. He was awarded the rank of colonel after his death. He married Lorna Leiko Yoshida in 1969. The couple had two daughters.

On January 28, 1986, Space Shuttle "Challenger" broke apart 73 seconds after launch. Onizuka and all six others aboard died.


Ronald McNair

Ronald Erwin McNair (October 21, 1950 – January 28, 1986) was an American NASA astronaut and physicist. His first space mission was STS-41-B aboard Space Shuttle "Challenger" in 1984. After this mission, he was again on "Challenger" for STS-51-L. He died at the start of this mission when the space shuttle was destroyed during the launch. He was the second African American in space.

McNair was born in Lake City, South Carolina. He earned degrees at North Carolina A&T State University (B.S.) and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Ph.D.). He also held four honorary doctorates and many fellowships. He was married to Cheryl Moore. The couple had two children.

On January 28, 1986, Space Shuttle "Challenger" broke apart 73 seconds after launch. McNair and all six others aboard died.


Please Me

"Please Me" is a song by American rapper Cardi B and American singer Bruno Mars. It was released on February 14, 2019. 

It reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US. It is their second collaboration after the remix of Mars' song "Finesse", which also reached number three in the US.

Peter Brock

Peter Geoffrey Brock (26 February 1945 – 8 September 2006) was an Australian motor racing driver. He is one of his country's best known and most successful motor racing drivers. He was known for his partnership with Holden for almost 40 years. However, he still raced using other car makes, including BMW, Ford, Volvo, Porsche and Peugeot. He won the Bathurst 1000 nine times, the Sandown 500 nine times, the Australian Touring Car Championship three times and the Bathurst 24 Hour once. In 2001, he was added into the V8 Supercars Hall of Fame.

Brock was born in Richmond, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. He served in the army during the Vietnam War. His first two marriages ended in divorce. He later had two children with his partner. He was vegan.

On 8 September 2006, Brock was driving in the "Targa West '06" rally. He was at the second stage of the race in Gidgegannup, Western Australia. He was three kilometres off the finish of the second stage when his car skid off a downhill left-hand bend. Brock died on the spot. He was 61. The co-driver, Mick Hone, was taken to hospital and survived.


Gregory Jarvis

Gregory Bruce Jarvis (August 24, 1944 – January 28, 1986) was an American NASA astronaut and engineer. He was chosen as a payload specialist for Hughes Aircraft Company for the Space Shuttle "Challenger" mission STS-51-L. He was going to do experiments on the weightlessness of fluids, as well as other things. He died at start of this mission when the space shuttle was destroyed during the launch.

Jarvis was born in Detroit, Michigan. He served as a Captain in the United States Air Force until 1973. He earned degrees at the State University of New York at Buffalo (B.S.) and the Northeastern University (M.S.). He was married to Marcia G. Jarboe.

On January 28, 1986, Space Shuttle "Challenger" broke apart 73 seconds after launch. Jarvis and all six others aboard died.


Qingjiang biota

The Qingjiang biota is a recently discovered treasure-trove of fossils. This lagerstätte of Cambrian period fossils is in China. The fossil site is in Hubei Province near the Danshui River.

In 2019, more than 20,000 fossil specimens were collected. They included many soft bodied animals such as jellyfish, sea anemones, sponges, arthropods and algae and various kinds of aquatic worms. 

In some specimens the internal body structures was preserved with fossilised soft tissues such as mouths, guts, and eyes. 

The remains are dated as about 518 million years ago. About half the species found were previously unknown.

Sam Worthington

Samuel Henry John Worthington (born 2 August 1976) is an Australian actor and writer.

In 2004, Worthington was given an AACTA Award for his role in the independent movie "Somersault". He is known for his roles in the movies "Avatar" (2009), "Terminator Salvation" (2009), "Clash of the Titans" (2010) and its sequel "Wrath of the Titans" (2012), "Man on a Ledge" (2012), "Everest" (2015), "Hacksaw Ridge" (2016), "The Shack" (2017) and "Fractured" (2019). He was also in "Avatar’s" sequel "". He also played Captain Alex Mason in the video game "" (2010). He appeared again as Mason in "" (2012) and "" (2018). He also played real-life FBI profiler Jim Fitzgerald in the drama miniseries "" (2017).

Worthington was born in Godalming, Surrey, England. He moved to Perth, Western Australia with his family when he was a baby. He grew up in Warnbro, a suburb Rockingham, Western Australia. He married model Lara Bingle in 2014. The couple have two children. Worthington is a Christian.

Jai Courtney

Jai Stephen Courtney (born 15 March 1986) is an Australian actor. In 2010, he played the role of Varro in the television series "Spartacus". He has appeared in the movies "Jack Reacher" (2012), "A Good Day to Die Hard" (2013), "I, Frankenstein" (2013), "Divergent" (2014), "Unbroken" (2014), "" (2015), "Terminator Genisys" (2015), "Suicide Squad" (2016) and "Storm Boy" (2019).

Courtney was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He grew up in Cherrybrook, a suburb of Sydney. He lives in Los Angeles in the U.S. state of California.

Karen Uhlenbeck

Karen Keskulla Uhlenbeck (born August 24, 1942) is an American mathematician. She is a professor emeritus of mathematics at the University of Texas at Austin. At the moment, she is a visiting associate at the Institute for Advanced Study and a visiting senior research scholar at Princeton University. In 2000, she was awarded the National Medal of Science.

Uhlenbeck won the 2019 Abel Prize. She won it for her major work in geometric partial differential equations, gauge theory and integrable systems. Another reason she got the Abel Prize was for her key impact of her work on analysis, geometry and mathematical physics. She is the first woman to win the prize.

Uhlenbeck was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She is of Estonian ancestry. She is married to biochemist Olke C. Uhlenbeck.


Spooky Scary Skeletons

Spooky Scary Skeletons is a 1996 Halloween song by Andrew Gold. It is the most well known of the songs from Gold's album "Halloween Howls".

In 2010, the song was uploaded to YouTube by Three Ply Chord. , it has been seen over 27 million times. An extended dance mix of the song has had over 84 million views.

Thanks to the numerous YouTube videos and various , the song has became increasingly popular, with the band Red Hot Chili Peppers even doing a version of it at a live Halloween performance. Forbes listed "Spooky Scary Skeletons" fourth in their top 20 list of Halloween songs.

"Spooky Scary Skeletons" is now considered an anthem of the spooky internet subculture.

Larry Cohen

Lawrence G. Cohen (July 15, 1941 – March 23, 2019) was an American movie producer, director and screenwriter. He is best known as a B-movie auteur of horror and science fiction movies. He directed the movies "Hell Up in Harlem" (1973), "It's Alive" (1974) and "The Stuff" (1985). He also wrote the screenplays of the movies "Phone Booth" (2002), "Cellular" (2004) and "Captivity" (2007). Cohen was born in Washington Heights in the New York City borough of Manhattan.

Cohen died on March 23, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. He was 77.

Jeff Horn

Jeffrey Christopher Horn Jr. (born 4 February 1988) is an Australian professional boxer. He held the WBO welterweight title from 2017 to 2018. He was an amateur boxer for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He reached the light welterweight quarter-finals at the Olympics. In July 2017, he beat Manny Pacquiao for the WBO welterweight title. He lost the title to Terence Crawford in June 2018. He also won against Anthony Mundine in 96 seconds via first round knockout on 30 November 2018.

Horn was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He was a school teacher before becoming a pro boxer. He married Joanna in September 2014. Their daughter was born in December 2017.

Dick Smith (businessman)

Richard Harold Smith (born 18 March 1944) is an Australian businessman, aviator, philanthropist and political activist. He is the founder of Dick Smith Electronics, Dick Smith Foods and "Australian Geographic". He was named as the 1986 Australian of the Year. In 2010, he co-founded the media production company Smith & Nasht. The reason for this company is to make movies about global problems. He also made the first balloon trip across Australia in June 1993.

Smith was born in Roseville, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales. He is married to Phillipa Aird McManarney. The couple have two daughters, Jenny and Hayley.


Kirsten Vangsness

Kirsten Simone Vangsness (born on July 7, 1972) is an American actress and writer. She is best known for playing the FBI Technical Analyst Penelope Garcia on the TV show "Criminal Minds". She later played the same character on the shows "" and "". Kirsten is also known for her weight loss journey.

Vangsness began acting in 1998. She later won several awards. They included the 15 Minutes of Female Best Actress Award, the Golden Betty Award and the Los Angeles Drama Critic Award. 

Vangsness was born in Pasadena, California. 

Vanessa Marano

Vanessa Nicole Marano (born on October 31, 1992, Los Angeles, California) is an American actress. She acted in many television series. They include "Gilmore Girls", "Grey's Anatomy" and "The Young and the Restless".
Marano began acting when she was seven-years-old.

Laura Marano

Laura Marie Marano (born November 29, 1995) is an American actress and singer. She is the younger sister of actress Vanessa Marano. Laura played Ally Dawson in the Disney Channel television series "Austin & Ally".

In the movie "A Sort of Homecoming", Marano played Young Amy.

Marano was born in Los Angeles, California.

Islam in Russia

Islam is the second largest religion of Russia, after Orthodox Christianity. Islam is also said to be the fastest growing religion in the country and are taking more than 7% of the total Russian population to one-fifth of the total population, by 24%. It is large concentrated among the Russian ethnicity, and most of them are Sunni Islam of Hanafi madhhab.

Jan Łukasiewicz

In the early 1920s, the Polish mathematician Jan Lukasiewicz discovered that if operators were written before the operands (prefix or Polish notation; for example, + a b), the parentheses are not needed. He was born on 21 December 1878 in Lemberg, Galicia, Austria-Hungary and died on 13 February 1956 in Dublin, Ireland. He was aged 77.


Stylianos Harkianakis

Stylianos Harkianakis (; 29 December 1935 – 25 March 2019) was an Australian Greek Orthodox priest. He served as the Archbishop of Australia at the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia. He moved to Australia in 1975. He taught spirituality at the University of Sydney. He was a theologian that focused on ecclesiology. He was also an award-winning poet. Harkianakis was born in Rethymno, on the island of Crete.

Harkianakis died after a long illness in Sydney, New South Wales on 25 March 2019. He was 83.

Jock Sturrock

Alexander Stuart "Jock" Sturrock (14 May 1915 – 11 July 1997) was an Australian yachtsman. He sailed for Australia at four Olympics Games (1948 London, 1952 Helsinki, 1956 Melbourne and 1960 Rome). He was also the first person to represent Australia at four different Olympics. He won a bronze medal at 1956 Melbourne for the 5.5 metre class. Sturrock was the Australian of the Year in 1962. He was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1975 for services to yachting. He was born in Melbourne, Victoria.

Sturrock died on 11 July 1997 in Noosa Heads, Queensland. He was 82.

John Eccles (neurophysiologist)

Sir John Carew Eccles (27 January 1903 – 2 May 1997) was an Australian neurophysiologist and philosopher. He was awarded the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on the synapse. He shared the Nobel Prize with Andrew Huxley and Alan Lloyd Hodgkin. Before this, he was became a Knight Bachelor in 1958. He was named the Australian of the Year in 1963. After the Second World War, he became a professor at the University of Otago in Dunedin, New Zealand. From 1952 to 1962, he worked as a professor at the John Curtin School of Medical Research (JCSMR) of the Australian National University in Canberra.

Eccles was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was married to Irene Frances Miller from 1928 until their divorce in 1968. The couple had nine children. Eccles later married Helena Táboríková of Prague.

Eccles died on 2 May 1997 in Tenero-Contra, Locarno, Switzerland. He was 94.


John Yu

John Samuel Yu (born 12 December 1934) is an Australian former paediatrician and hospital administrator. He was Head of Medicine and later the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children. He was one of the main people behind the hospital changing locations from Camperdown to Westmead in 1995. He also served as the chancellor of the University of New South Wales from 2000 to 2005. He was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 1989, and later a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2001. He was named Australian of the Year in 1996.

Yu was born in Nanking (now Nanjing, Jiangsu), China. He moved to Australia as a young child before the city fell to Japanese forces. He grew up in Sydney. He studied at the University of Sydney.

Singing Stars

Singing Stars () is an 2019 Tamil language singing reality TV show, that airs on Colors Tamil starting on 16 March 2019. The judges are Ananthu, playback singer Santhosh Narayanan and Shakthisree Gopalan, and the show is hosted by Keerthi Shanthanu and Vijay.


Kershaw County, South Carolina

Kershaw County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 census, its population was 65,403. Its county seat is Camden. The county was created in 1791.

Comanche, Texas

Comanche is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

As of 2020, there were 4,211 people living here.

BTS

BTS or Bangtan Boys (), is a South Korean boy band made up of seven members. They were created by Big Hit Entertainment in 2013. The members include RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook. The group debuted on June 13, 2013 with their EP "2 Cool 4 Skool". They have since released five Korean studio albums: "Dark & Wild" (2014), "Wings" (2016), "Love Yourself: Tear" (2018), "Map of the Soul: 7" (2020) and " BE" (2020). Their most famous song is "Dynamite".

In 2015, they found success in the American charts with their fourth extended play, "The Most Beautiful Moment in Life, Pt. 2", entering the U.S Billboard 200. The group is recognized as those who led the Korean Wave into the United States and have broken several sales records, becoming the first Korean group to receive an award by the Recording Industry Association of America for their single "Mic Drop". They are the first Korean act to top the U.S. Billboard 200.

Along with their success in selling albums, BTS have also been included in Time's "100 Most Influential People In The World". They have also donated to charities and launched the Love Myself campaign which helped programs stop violence against children and teenagers.

The name BTS is from "Bangtan Sonyeondan" (), which is Korean for "Bulletproof Boy Scouts" and later revealed on 5th July 2017 to extend the identity as "Beyond The Scene". According to member J-Hope, the name was chosen to show the group's desire "to block out stereotypes, criticisms, and expectations that aim on adolescents like bullets".

Their name in Japanese is , which means the same thing.

In July 2017, BTS announced that their name would also stand for "Beyond the Scene". This extended their name to mean "growing youth BTS who is going beyond the realities they are facing, and going forward".

The CEO of Big Hit Entertainment, Bang Si-Hyuk, met with the group's leader RM and was impressed by his rapping. BTS was supposed to be like a hip hop group, but Bang decided that young people nowadays need "a hero who can lend them a shoulder to lean on, even without speaking a single word". He decided that those heroes would be the members of BTS and so the group was reorganized into a more traditional idol group.

On June 12, 2013, BTS released their album "2 Cool 4 Skool". This was a song with a single song, "No More Dream". It was not a commercial success.

In September 2014, BTS released their extended play, "O!RUL8,2?" (Oh! Are you late, too?) In it were songs that criticized the Korean educational system and talked about finding themselves in the world. It was more successful than their first album.

In June 2022, it was announced that the group was taking time to make solo projects. Their record label confirmed that this was not a hiatus (pause).

In June 2020, BTS and Big Hit Entertainment donated US$1 million to Black Lives Matter in response to the killing of George Floyd. Their fans also raised US$1 million within 24 hours.

BTS has been criticized over their problematic and racist behavior which has caused outcry from their black fans. They also gained controversy over their apparently fraudulent streams on majority of their songs.

BTS has seven members.
BTS has released five Korean albums, six EPs and four Japanese albums.




Bigelow Tea Company

The Bigelow Tea Company (formerly R.C. Bigelow, Inc.) is an American company that sells dried teas based in Fairfield, Connecticut. It was founded by Ruth C. Bigelow in 1945.

The company markets over 50 types of tea, including black, green, and herbal. It is still a 100% family-owned business. Bigelow employs 350 people.

Pius Adesanmi

Pius Adebola Adesanmi (27 February 1972 – 10 March 2019) was a Nigerian-born Canadian professor, writer, literary critic, satirist, and columnist. He was the author of "Naija No Dey Carry Last". In 2015, he gave a TED talk titled "Africa is the forward that the world needs to face".

Adesanmi died on 10 March 2019, when Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 crashed shortly after take-off.


Sebastiano Tusa

Sebastiano Tusa (2 August 1952 – 10 March 2019) was an Italian archaeologist and politician. He was councilor for Cultural Heritage for the Sicilian Region of Italy from 11 April 2018 until his death on 10 March 2019. Tusa was a professor of paleontology at the Suor Orsola Benincasa University of Naples.

Tusa was killed in the crash of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302, on 10 March 2019.

William Stanley Peart

Sir William Stanley Peart (31 March 1922 – 14 March 2019) was a British doctor and clinical researcher. He was first to demonstrate the release of noradrenaline after the stimulation of sympathetic nerves. In 2000, he was awarded the Buchanan Medal.

Dick Dale

Richard Anthony Monsour (May 4, 1937 – March 16, 2019), known professionally as Dick Dale, was an American rock guitarist. He was known as "The King of the Surf Guitar", which was also the title of his second studio album. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. 

Dale died in Loma Linda, California on March 16, 2019 from heart failure, at the age of 81.


Loma Linda, California

Loma Linda () is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. The population was 24,791 at the 2020 census.

Bengt Gustafsson (general)

Sten "Bengt" Gustaf Gustafsson (2 December 1933 – 15 March 2019) was a Swedish Army general. He was the Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1986 to 1994. He was born in Hästveda, Sweden.

Gustafsson died in his home in Stockholm on 15 March 2019, aged 85. 

Barbara Hammer

Barbara Jean Hammer (May 15, 1939 – March 16, 2019) was an American feminist movie director. She was known for directing movies about lesbian culture career for over 40 years. Her best known works were "Nitrate Kisses" and "Tender Fictions". Hammer was born in Los Angeles, California.

Hammer was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2006. She was an activist for self-euthanasia. Hammer died from the disease on March 16, 2019 in New York City, aged 79.

Tom Hatten

Tom Hatten (November 14, 1926 – March 16, 2019) was an American radio and television personality and actor. He was known as the long-time host of "The Popeye Show" (originally "The Pier Point 5 Club") and "Family Film Festival" on KTLA Channel 5. He appeared as Captain Murdock in several episodes of the television show "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.", and had a minor role as an officer in three episodes of "Hogan's Heroes". 

Hatten died on March 16, 2019 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 92.

Yann-Fañch Kemener

Yann-Fañch Kemener (April 7, 1957 – March 16, 2019) was a French traditional singer-songwriter. He was born in Sainte-Tréphine (Côtes-d'Armor), France. He took part in reviving "Kan ha diskan" () in the 1970s and 1980s, especially with Erik Marchand. He wrote songs from the oral tradition in the Breton language.

Kemener died in Tréméven on March 16, 2019 at age 61.


Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Louly

Lt. Col. Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Louly (‎; 1 January 1943 – 16 March 2019) was the President of Mauritania and Chairman of the Military Committee for National Salvation (CSMN) from 3 June 1979 to 4 January 1980.

Bill Phelps

William Cunningham Phelps (April 5, 1934 – March 19, 2019) was a Republican politician and lawyer. Phelps was born and raised in Nevada, Missouri. He was the Lieutenant Governor of Missouri from 1973 to 1981.

Phelps died in Houston, Texas following a short-illness on March 19, 2019 at the age of 84.

Mary Warnock, Baroness Warnock

Helen Mary Warnock, Baroness Warnock, ("née" Wilson; 14 April 1924 – 20 March 2019) was an English philosopher. She was best known for chairing an inquiry whose report formed the basis of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 1990. She was Mistress of Girton College, Cambridge from 1984 to 1991.

Warnock died, aged 94, on 20 March 2019.

Gonzalo Portocarrero Maisch

Gonzalo Javier Enrique Portocarrero Maisch (December 3, 1949 – March 21, 2019) was a Peruvian sociologist, social scientist and essayist. He was born in Lima, Peru. He was a visiting professor at universities in the United States, Japan, Germany, Mexico, Venezuela and the United Kingdom. Until his death, he was a professor at the Department of Social Sciences of the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru.

Portocarrero Maisch died of lung cancer in Lima on March 21, 2019 at the age of 69.


Patrick McGorry

Patrick Dennistoun McGorry (born 10 September 1952) is an Irish-born Australian psychiatrist. He is best known for his research and advocacy in mental health in young people. He is Professor of Youth Mental Health at the University of Melbourne. He is also a founding board member of headspace or the National Youth Mental Health Foundation. In 2010, he was named Australian of the Year.

McGorry was born in Dublin. In 1955, his family moved from the suburb of Finglas, north Dublin to Wales. They later moved to Australia in 1968. He is married to Merilyn Hawke. The couple have three children. He lives in Essendon, Victoria.


Cardinal

Cardinal or The Cardinal may refer to:













Lina Cheryazova

Lina Anatolyevna Cheryazova (, 1 November 1968 – 23 March 2019) was an Uzbek freestyle skier. She won a gold medal at the 1994 Winter Olympics. Cheryazova was born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.

Cheryazova died on 23 March 2019 in Novosibirsk, Russia from complications of ALS, aged 50.

Denise DuBarry

Denise DuBarry (March 6, 1956 – March 23, 2019) was an American actress, businesswoman, movie producer, and philanthropist. She was born in Killeen, Texas. She was known for her roles as nurse Lieutenant Samantha Green, on the television series "Black Sheep Squadron", and as Johanna Franklin in the movie "Being There".

In business, she co-founded Thane International, Inc.. She was its Chief Creative Officer for 15 years, from 1990 to 2005.

DuBarry died from a fatal fungal infection on March 23, 2019 in Los Angeles, California, aged 63.

Rafi Eitan

Rafael "Rafi" Eitan (; 23 November 1926 – 23 March 2019) was an Israeli politician and intelligence officer. He was born in Ein Harod, Mandatory Palestine. He was a member of Knesset and Minister of Pensioner Affairs from 2006 to 2009. Eitan was a member of the Gil Party.

Eitan led the Eichmann operation in Argentina.

Eitan died on 23 March 2019 at a hospital in Tel Aviv from a stroke, aged 92. 

Fiona Stanley

Fiona Juliet Stanley (born 1 August 1946) is an Australian epidemiologist. She is known for her public health work, her research into the health of mothers and children, and birth disorders such as cerebral palsy. In 1990, she was the founding director of the Telethon Institute for Child Health Research. Now called "Telethon Kids Institute", the institute helped show that folic acid before and during pregnancy can stop spina bifida in babies. She is a professor at the School of Paediatrics and Child Health at the University of Western Australia. She is also and the UNICEF Australian Ambassador for Early Childhood Development. She was named Australian of the Year in 2003.

Stanley was born in Little Bay, Sydney, New South Wales. Her family moved to Perth, Western Australia in 1956. She is married to Geoffrey Shellam. The couple have two daughters.


Joseph Pilato

Joseph Pilato (March 16, 1949 – March 24, 2019) was an American actor. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was best known for his roles as Captain Rhodes in the 1985 movie "Day of the Dead" and as the Dean Martin lookalike in "Pulp Fiction" (1994).

Pilato died in his sleep on March 24, 2019, eight days after his 70th birthday.

Robert W. Sweet

Robert Workman Sweet (October 15, 1922 – March 24, 2019) was an American jurist. He was a Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1978 to 1991. He was born in Yonkers, New York. Sweet was nominated by President Jimmy Carter. 

Sweet died on March 24, 2019 at his home in Ketchum, Idaho from pneumonia, aged 96.

Egon Balas

Egon Balas (June 7, 1922 – March 18, 2019) was a Romanian applied mathematician. He was a professor of industrial administration and applied mathematics at Carnegie Mellon University. He was the Thomas Lord Professor of Operations Research at Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business. He was known for his fundamental work in developing integer and disjunctive programming.

He was born in Cluj in Transylvania to a Hungarian Jewish family. His birth name was actually Blatt, but it was changed to the Hungarian Balázs ("BAW-lass"). It was changed again to Romanian Balaș ("BAH-lash"). He was married to art historian Edith Balas, a survivor of Auschwitz, and they birthed two daughters. He was imprisoned by the Communist authorities for several years after the war.

He left Romania in 1966 and ventured onto the United States to begin his new career. He started his teaching career in 1967 at the Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

He got a "Diploma Licentiate" in economics in 1949, and he got Ph.D.s in economics and mathematics at different universities and in different years. 

György Baló

György Baló (14 June 1947 – 18 March 2019) was a Hungarian broadcast journalist and academic lecturer. He was an anchorman for many political talk shows and worked for the Hungarian public television channel Magyar Televízió (MTV) since the 1970s. He was born in Budapest.

Baló died on 18 March 2019 from esophageal cancer in Budapest, aged 71.

Pioneerof the Nile

Pioneerof the Nile (May 5, 2006 – March 18, 2019) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was the second-place finisher in the 2009 Kentucky Derby. He matured to stand 16.2 hands.

After retiring from racing, he became a breeding stallion, known for as the sire of 2015 Triple Crown winner American Pharoah, 2016 Champion 2-Year-Old Colt Classic Empire, and other graded-stakes winners.

He died of a heart attack on March 18, 2019 while being transported to a veterinarian near Versailles, Kentucky, aged 12.

John Carl Buechler

John Carl Buechler (June 18, 1952 – March 18, 2019) was an American special make-up effects artist, movie director, producer, screenwriter, and actor. He was best known for his work on horror and science-fiction movies. He directed the movies "Troll", "", "Cellar Dweller", and "". 

His work includes "Ghoulies", "From Beyond", "Troll", "TerrorVision", "Dolls", "Prison", "", "", and "Hatchet".

Buechler was born in Belleville, Illinois. In February 2019, Buechler was diagnosed with stage four prostate cancer. He died from the disease on March 18, 2019 in Los Angeles at the age of 66.

Raigh Roe

Dame Raigh Edith Roe ("née" Kurts; 12 December 1922 – November 2014) was an Australian farmer. She was an advocate for rural women in Australia and around the world. She was member of the Country Women's Association (CWA) from 1941. She held many roles in the CWA before becoming the national president. She was World President of the Associated Country Women of the World (ACWW) from 1977 to 1980. In this role, she represented almost nine million women in 74 countries around the world. In 1977, she was named Australian of the Year with Sir Murray Tyrrell. In 1978, she became a commissioner for the Australian Broadcasting Commission (ABC). In 1980, she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE).

Roe was born in Western Australia. She was married to James Arthur Roe. The couple had three sons. She died in November 2014, at the age of 91.


Servilius Casca

Publius Servilius Casca Longus (84 BC – c. 42 BC) was one of the assassins of Gaius Julius Caesar. He and several other senators conspired to kill Caesar, which they did on 15 March 44 BC. He was one of the first to attack, and stabbed Caesar in the neck. 

At the time of the conspiracy, he held office in the Tribune of the People. After Caesar was dead, he ran from Rome. Casca joined Marcus Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus, the leaders of the assassins, during the Liberators' civil war against the Second Triumvirate, Caesar's former supporters. He committed suicide during this war. 

Casca is remembered on a coin along with Brutus, where they both have their names engraved in the metal. A bearded figure appears on the coin next to Casca's name, though this is widely considered to be the Roman god Neptune.

Galactic Republic

The Galactic Republic was the government of the Star Wars galaxy in the Star Wars series until the Galactic Empire replaced it. It was made up of many planets, but all the planets had the same currency and official language. All the planets had to follow certain laws and economic rules. An example of this is that slavery is outlawed in all Republic planets. The government is a federal republic. Its leader is the Supreme Chancellor, who is chosen by voting. Each planet also chooses their Senators and Representatives to vote on and pass laws. There is also a Supreme Court.

The Republic is protected by the Jedi Order. The Jedi are a group of knights who protect democracy and civilization so that peace can exist in the galaxy.

The last Supreme Chancellor was Sheev Palpatine. He would later become the emperor of the Galactic Empire. In , the first movie in the Star Wars timeline, the Republic had become very corrupt and complicated. The Galactic Senate thought Chancellor Valorum had been a poor leader, so they voted to fire him. Only a short time after he was fired, they voted for Palpatine to replace him.

Many member planets did not like what the Republic had become, so they left the Republic and created a new government, the Separatists. Count Dooku was the leader of the Separatists, but it was really created by Darth Sidious himself, and Dooku was his apprentice. Sidious did this because he was trying to start a war. His plan was to use the war to weaken the Republic and destroy the Jedi so that he could create the Empire. His apprentice Darth Tyranus also created an army of clones so that the Republic would have an army to fight the war. Palpatine should have stopped being Chancellor long ago, but he stayed being Chancellor because the Senate voted that he can have emergency powers. That meant that he could pass any law he wanted to because the Republic was fighting a war against the Separatists.

Near the end of the war, Palpatine told the young Jedi Anakin Skywalker that he was a Sith Lord, someone who uses the dark side of the Force. When Anakin told the Jedi Council that Palpatine was a Sith, Mace Windu and three other Jedi Masters went to Palpatine's office to arrest or kill him. They failed because Sidious tricked Anakin in helping kill Mace Windu. He used this attempt as an excuse to give Order 66 to the clone army. This order was given to clone troopers to kill any Jedi they see. Sidious also ordered Anakin, now Darth Vader, to bring clone troopers to destroy the Jedi Temple and kill all the Jedi there, even the children. Most Jedi were killed only a short time after the order was given.

He then tricked the Senate into thinking that the Jedi wanted to destroy the Republic, so he created the Empire to make everyone think they would be safer. After the Empire was created, the military became much bigger and most freedoms were taken away. In , the Emperor got rid of the Senate, which was the only thing from the Republic that still existed. He hoped that after this, memories of the Republic would disappear.

However, people who still believed in the Republic created the Rebel Alliance and fought a war against the Empire. After the deaths of both Darth Sidious and Darth Vader and the Battle of Jakku, the Empire surrendered to the Rebel Alliance. This ended the war and the New Republic was created, but the New Republic was destroyed only a few decades later. This was because the First Order, the military that was created from what was left of the Empire, created a superweapon called Starkiller Base. They used the weapon to blow up the capital of the New Republic, Hosnian Prime.

Siebnen

Siebnen is a village in the March District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland. It is in the three municipalities Galgenen, Schübelbach and Wangen.

Gorgier

Gorgier used to be a municipality in Boudry. It was in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the municipalities of Bevaix, Saint-Aubin-Sauges, Gorgier, Vaumarcus, Montalchez and Fresens became the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

Adam Goodes

Adam Roy Goodes (born 8 January 1980) is a former professional Australian rules footballer. He played for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL). He won two Brownlow Medals (2003 and 2006) and two premierships (2005 and 2016). He has played more VFL/AFL games than any other Indigenous player at 372. He is also known for his community work through the GO Foundation and advocacy against racism. Goodes was named Australian of the Year in 2014.

Goodes was born in Wallaroo, South Australia. His father is of English, Irish and Scottish ancestry, and his mother is an Indigenous Australian (Adnyamathanha and Narungga). From the age of four, he was raised by his mother. He grew up in Wallaroo and Adelaide, South Australia, and Merbein, Victoria. His brother, Brett, is also a former Australian rules player. He is married to Natalie Croker.


Thielle-Wavre

Thielle-Wavre was a municipality in the district of Neuchâtel in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. In 1888, the formerly independent municipality merged with Thielle and Wavre to form Thielle-Wavre. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Marin-Epagnier and Thielle-Wavre joined together and became the new municipality of La Tène.

Vaumarcus

Vaumarcus was a municipality in the district of Boudry, in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Bevaix, Saint-Aubin-Sauges, Gorgier, Vaumarcus, Montalchez and Fresens joined together and became the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

Les Planchettes

Les Planchettes is a municipality in the district of La Chaux-de-Fonds in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Auvernier

Auvernier was a municipality and village in the district of Boudry. It is in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, former municipalities of Auvernier, Bôle, and Colombier joined together. They became the new municipality of Milvignes.

Bevaix

Bevaix was a municipality in the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the municipalities of Bevaix, Saint-Aubin-Sauges, Gorgier, Vaumarcus, Montalchez and Fresens joined together and became the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

La Coudre, Neuchâtel

La Coudre was a municipality and village in the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. In 1930, it became part of the city of Neuchâtel.

Pancracio Celdrán

Pancracio Celdrán Gomáriz (1942 – 24 March 2019) was a Spanish professor and journalist. He wrote about history and literature of the medieval period. He was born in Murcia. He participated in radio "tertulias" (in effect, panel discussions). He was a contributor to "No es un día cualquiera" ("It's Not Just Another Day"), a weekend news magazine broadcast by Radio Nacional de España.

Celdrán died on 24 March 2019 in Madrid, at the age of 77.


Ted Burgin

Edward Burgin (29 April 1927 – 26 March 2019) was an English professional footballer. He played 551 times in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Sheffield United, Doncaster Rovers, Leeds United and Rochdale. 

He played twice for England B, and was a non-playing member of England's squad for the 1954 World Cup.

 While Burgin's DoncasterRovers.co.uk profile says he was tall, other sources suggest .

Master Fatman

Morten Lindberg (23 September 1965 – 26 March 2019), also known as "Master Fatman", was a Danish media personality, comedian, disc jockey, movie director, and singer. He was born in Munkebo, Funen. In 1992, Lindberg directed his first movie, the short movie "Gayniggers from Outer Space". In 2006, Master Fatman competed in the 3rd season of the popular contest "Vild Med Dans" on TV2.

Lindberg died on 26 March 2019, aged 53.

Kevin McCarthy (actor)

Kevin McCarthy (February 15, 1914 – September 11, 2010) was an American actor. He was born in Seattle, Washington, but raised in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was known for his role in the horror science fiction movie "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (1956). He was also known for his role as Biff Loman in "Death of a Salesman" (1951), which won him a Golden Globe Award.

McCarthy died of pneumonia at his home in Hyannis, Massachusetts on September 11, 2010, aged 96.

Hyannis, Massachusetts

Hyannis is the largest of the seven villages in the town of Barnstable, Massachusetts, in the United States. It is the commercial and transportation hub of Cape Cod.

The village was named after Iyannough, a sachem of the Cummaquid tribe.

Barnstable, Massachusetts

Barnstable ( ) is a city, sometimes called the Town of Barnstable, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts and the county seat of Barnstable County. Barnstable is the largest community on Cape Cod. At the 2020 census it had a population of 48,916.

The town contains several villages (one of which is also named Barnstable). Its largest village, Hyannis.

Ray Kelly (singer)

Father Raymond Kelly (born April 1953) is an Irish Catholic priest and singer. He is best known for his interpretation of popular songs. He is the priest of St. Brigid′s & St. Mary′s parish at Oldcastle, County Meath, Ireland. He is a member of Saint Patrick’s Society for the Foreign Missions.

Kelly became famous in 2014 after a video of him singing Leonard Cohen's song "Hallelujah" while officiating at a couple's wedding became a YouTube sensation. By 2018, it had received over 61 million hits.

In December 2014 Universal Music released a 10-track album "Where I Belong" of Kelly singing Celtic-inspired arrangements.

In 2018 Kelly auditioned for the 12th series of "Britain's Got Talent", singing "Everybody Hurts" by R.E.M..


Discrimination against non-binary people

Nonbinary people are people who are not either solely male or female. They can be called many different things such as genderqueer, gender fluid, agender, bigender and demigender. Discrimination against people who do not identify as nonbinary is both a type of sexism and a type of transphobia. Many nonbinary people experience discrimination in their social lives, workplace, health treatment, and legal system.

A study by the "National LGBTQ Task Force" in 2012 showed that nonbinary people are significantly more likely to experience physical assault, police harassment, sexual harassment, sexual assault, and bullying than their binary peers. Black, Asian, and multi-racial people are more likely to identify as nonbinary. Nonbinary people are also generally young (below 45) and more highly educated. Nonbinary people were also shown to be more likely to be in poverty. They are also more likely to have attempted suicide than binary people. A 2016 study by "The Journal of Sex Research" showed that misgendering someone is a common form of discrimination. 

Trans people in the USA are twice as likely as cisgender people to be unemployed. The "LGBTQ+ Task Force" found that almost all nonbinary people have experienced discrimination at work. They discovered that coming out as nonbinary decreases employment prospects compared to binary people. A 2012 study by the "Center for American Progress" showed that a third of LGBTQ+ employees felt forced into traditional gender roles to keep their jobs. It also discovered that a fourth of nonbinary people were denied bathroom access because of their gender identity. A fifth of nonbinary people reported losing their jobs because of transphobia and nearly all nonbinary people experience transphobia on the job. Most nonbinary people who transitioned in the workplace were glad they did, despite increased discrimination.

Microsoft Store

Microsoft Store (previously Windows Store) is an app store for Microsoft Windows, Windows Server and Xbox OS. It was first made for Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012 to make adding new programs easier for the users. When Windows 10 was released, Microsoft put Xbox Store, Windows Marketplace, Xbox Music, Xbox Video, and the Windows phone store all in one program they called Microsoft Store.

In 2015, there were more than 670,000 different programs on Microsoft Store. The biggest groups of programs were Games and Entertainment. Before a program is added to the Microsoft Store, it must pass security, content, and compatibility checks.

Microsoft previously maintained a similar digital distribution system for software known as Windows Marketplace, which allowed customers to purchase software online. The marketplace tracked product keys and licenses, allowing users to retrieve their purchases when switching computers. Windows Marketplace was discontinued in November 2008. At this point, Microsoft opened a Web-based storefront called "Microsoft Store".

Microsoft first announced Windows Store, a digital distribution service for Windows at its presentation during the Build developer conference on September 13, 2011. Further details announced during the conference revealed that the store would be able to hold listings for both certified traditional Windows apps, as well as what were called "Metro-style apps" at the time: tightly-sandboxed software based on Microsoft design guidelines that are constantly monitored for quality and compliance. For consumers, Windows Store is intended to be the only way to obtain Metro-style apps. While announced alongside the "Developer Preview" release of Windows 8, Windows Store itself did not become available until the "Consumer Preview", released in February 2012.

Updates to apps published on the store after July 1, 2023, won't be available to all Windows 8 RTM users except Windows Embedded 8 Standard users. Per Microsoft lifecycle policies, Windows 8 reached the end of mainstream support on January 9, 2018 and will reach the end of extended support on January 10, 2023. The mainstream support for Windows Embedded 8 Standard ended on July 10, 2018 and will reach the end of extended support on July 11, 2023.

An updated version of Windows Store was introduced in Windows 8.1. Its home page was remodeled to display apps in focused categories (such as popular, recommended, top free and paid, and special offers) with expanded details, while the ability for apps to automatically update was also added. Windows 8.1 Update also introduced other notable presentation changes, including increasing the top app lists to return 1000 apps instead of 100 apps, a "picks for you" section, and changing the default sorting for reviews to be by "most popular".

Updates to apps published on the Store after July 1, 2023, are no longer available to Windows 8.1. Per Microsoft lifecycle policies, Windows 8.1 reached the end of mainstream support on January 9, 2018 and will reach the end of extended support on January 10, 2023.

The installation of apps and games from the Windows Store is the only way to get apps on Windows RT, a mobile version of Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 designed to run on tablets. Normal apps such as Google Chrome, world's most popular web browser can't be installed through any web browser on the Internet for Windows RT, even through Internet Explorer, which is a built in web browser in Windows RT, and also in Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 and earlier.

Windows 10 was released with an updated version of the Windows Store, which merged Microsoft's other distribution platforms (Windows Marketplace, Windows Phone Store, Xbox Video and Xbox Music) into a unified store front for Windows 10 on all platforms, offering apps, games, music, film, TV series, themes, and ebooks. In June 2017, Spotify became available in the Windows Store.

In September 2017, Microsoft began to re-brand Windows Store as Microsoft Store, with a new icon carrying the Microsoft logo. Xbox Store was merged into this new version of the platform. This is in line with Microsoft's platform convergence strategy on all Windows 10-based operating systems.

Web apps and traditional desktop software can be packaged for distribution on Windows Store. Desktop software distributed through Windows Store are packaged using the App-V system to allow sandboxing.

In February 2018, Microsoft announced that Progressive Web Apps would begin to be available in the Microsoft Store, and Microsoft would automatically add selected quality progressive web apps through the Bing crawler or allow developers to submit Progressive Web Apps to the Microsoft Store.

Starting from Windows 10 version 1803, fonts can be downloaded and installed from the Microsoft Store.

In Windows 11, Microsoft Store received an updated user interface, and a new pop-up designed to handle installation links from websites. Microsoft also announced a number of changes to its policies for application submissions to improve flexibility and make the store more "open", including supporting "any kind of app, regardless of app framework and packaging technology", and the ability for developers to freely use first- or third-party payment platforms (in non-game software only) rather than those provided by Microsoft.

Windows Store is available in Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2012 R2 but is not installed by default. It's unavailable in Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server 2019. However, UWP apps can be acquired from Microsoft Store for Business (formerly Windows Store for Business) and installed through sideloading.

Microsoft Store provides developer (people who write programs) tools for tracking apps in the store. They can track downloads, the money they make, if the program doesn't work, and ratings.

These are the most liked apps and games on the Microsoft Store on Mobile and PC.

Ranking Roger

Ranking Roger (born Roger Charlery; 21 February 1963 – 26 March 2019) was a British musician. He was a singer in the 1980s ska band The Beat, and later General Public with fellow Beat singer Dave Wakeling. He later led a rebuilt Beat line-up. The Beat, is known in North America as The English Beat, and Australia as The British Beat. He was also a member of Big Audio Dynamite in the 1990s.

Roger was born in Birmingham, West Midlands, England. Both of his parents were from Saint Lucia.

In January 2019, it was revealed that he had brain and lung cancer. He died on 26 March 2019 from the diseases in Birmingham, at the age of 56.


William Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley

William Humble Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley (25 May 1867 – 29 June 1932) was a British aristocrat, politician and military officer. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He served as the fourth Governor-General of Australia from September 1908 to July 1911. Before this, he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from 1902 to 1905.

Lord Dudley was born in London, Middlesex. His father was landowner and cricketer William Ward, 1st Earl of Dudley. His mother was Scottish noblewoman Georgina Ward, Countess of Dudley. He was married to Rachel Gurney until her death by drowning in 1920. The couple had seven children. In 1924, he married actress Gertie Millar.

Lord Dudley died of cancer on 29 June 1932 in London. He was 65.

Hayden Fry

John Hayden Fry (February 28, 1929 – December 17, 2019) was an American football player and coach. He was the head football coach at the Southern Methodist University (SMU) from 1962 to 1972. He was later the football coach at the University of Iowa from 1979 to 1998. He had a career college football record of 232-178-10. Fry also played college football at Baylor University.

Fry was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2003.

Fry was born in Eastland, Texas. He died on December 17, 2019 of prostate cancer in Dallas, Texas at the age of 90.

Jussie Smollett

Jussie Smollett (born June 21, 1982) is an American actor and singer. He began his career as a child actor in 1987. His movies include "The Mighty Ducks" (1992) and Rob Reiner's "North" (1994).

Smollett released his first extended play album, "The Poisoned Hearts Club" in 2012.

Smollett was born in Santa Rosa, California. Some sources say he was born in 1982. Others say he was born in 1983.

Smollett was indicted on February 20, 2019, for disorderly conduct. Authorities have taken him to court, for an incident that is sometimes known as the 2019 hate crime hoax. 

He paid two men to attack him, and he filed a false police report. On March 26, 2019, Smollett's defense team reached a deal with prosecutors. They agreed to drop all charges. Smollett agreed to perform community service and lose the money he paid for his bail. In December 2021, Smollett was convicted of five felony counts of disorderly conduct, and he was sentenced in March 2022 to 150 days in county jail. The 150-day sentence is not final, yet (as of March 2023).

David Hurley

David John Hurley (born 26 August 1953) is an Australian former army officer. Hurley is the 27th Governor-General of Australia since 1 July 2019. He was the Governor of New South Wales from 2014 to 2019. He had a 42-year long career in the Australian Army. He served as the Chief of Capability Development Group (2003–2007), the Chief of Joint Operations (2007–2008). He later served as the AF's Vice Chief (2008–2011), and as Chief (2011–2014), in succession to Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston. Hurley retired from the army in June 2014 at the rank of general.

On 16 December 2018, it was said that Queen Elizabeth II had allowed Hurley to become the next Governor-General of Australia. This was on the advice of Prime Minister Scott Morrison. He began his term in July 2019.

Hurley was born in Wollongong, New South Wales. He is married to Linda. The couple have three children.

Angela Carter

Angela Carter (7 May 1940 – 16 February 1992; formerly Angela Olive Stalker) was a British author who changed themes from folk tales and gave them dark and sexual twists. She was born in in Eastbourne, Sussex, England and died in London.

Stefan Savić

Stefan Savić (born 8 January 1991) is a professional football player from Montenegro. He plays as a center back for the Spanish club Atletico Madrid and his national team, Montenegro. 

Savić was born in Mojkovac, which is a town in Montenegro. He started his career in football at the local club, Brskovo, before moving to a bigger team, BSK Borča. After playing with BSK Borča for 2 years, he moved to another football team, FK Partizan. While on Partizan, he won The Double, which is winning a country's top tier tournament and primary cup competition in a single season. After that, he was paid 6 million pounds to join Manchester City, winning the Premier League title in his only year playing on the team. In 2012, he was transferred to Fiorentina, where he played three years. He joined Atlético Madrid in 2015, where he won the UEFA Europa League and UEFA Super Cup.

Savić started his career with BSK Borča on 2008. In 2010, he went to play on the English team, Arsenal, for a 10 day trial. Savić said he agreed to join Arsenal, but he never went to the team again. On August 29, 2010, Savić joined Partizan, and was given the number 15 shirt. He helped the football club win the double.

Oberhofen

Oberhofen is the name of several places in Europe:

Bôle

Bôle was a municipality in the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Auvernier, Bôle and Colombier merged into the new municipality of Milvignes.

Brot-Dessous

Brot-Dessous was a municipality in the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into Rochefort.

Colombier, Neuchâtel

Colombier was a municipality of the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Auvernier, Bôle and Colombier merged into the new municipality of Milvignes.

Fresens

Fresens was a municipality in the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Bevaix, Saint-Aubin-Sauges, Gorgier, Vaumarcus, Montalchez and Fresens merged into the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

Witold Pilecki

Witold Pilecki (13 May 1901 – 25 May 1948) was a Polish resistance leader against Nazi Germany during World War II. He was also a spy, and cavalry officer. He was a captain in the Polish Army during World War II and the Polish-Soviet War. He was also one of the creators of the Secret Polish Army, which was a resistance group in German-occupied Poland. He was the writer of Witold's Report, the first spy report on Auschwitz, a German concentration camp, and the Holocaust. His religion was Roman Catholic, a Christian group.

During World War II, Pilecki signed up to be jailed in Auschwitz, a German concentration camp, to tell the Allies about what is inside, and then escape. While inside the camp, he created a rebellion and told the Allies about the terrible things happening in Auschwitz as early as 1941. He escaped from the camp in 1943. He was a soldier in the Warsaw Uprising, which was an attack to free Warsaw from Nazi Germany. He was arrested in 1947 by Soviet secret police, and killed by them in 1948. Knowledge of the killing was kept secret until 1989, when Poland revealed his death.

Montalchez

Montalchez was a municipality in the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Bevaix, Saint-Aubin-Sauges, Gorgier, Vaumarcus, Montalchez and Fresens merged into the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

Saint-Aubin-Sauges

Saint-Aubin-Sauges was a municipality of the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

In 1888, the formerly independent municipalities with Saint-Aubin and Sauges merged to form Saint-Aubin-Sauges.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Bevaix, Saint-Aubin-Sauges, Gorgier, Vaumarcus, Montalchez and Fresens became the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

Corcelles-Cormondrèche

Corcelles-Cormondrèche was a municipality in Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Corcelles-Cormondrèche, Peseux and Valangin merged to form the municipality of Neuchâtel.

Cortaillod

Cortaillod is a municipality of the district Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

The neolithic Cortaillod culture was named after Cortaillod, where four neolithic villages have been discovered.

Rochefort, Neuchâtel

Rochefort is a municipality in Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the municipality of Brot-Dessous became part of Rochefort.

Brot-Dessous, Chambrelien, Champ-du-Moulin, Fretereules, Les Grattes, Montézillon, Rochefort and La Tourne.


Buttes

Buttes was a municipality in the Val-de-Travers district in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Boveresse

Boveresse was a municipality in the Val-de-Travers district in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Couvet

Couvet was a municipality in the Val-de-Travers district in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Fleurier

Fleurier was a municipality in the Val-de-Travers district in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Les Bayards

Les Bayards was a municipality in the Val-de-Travers district in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Saint-Aubin, Neuchâtel

Saint-Aubin was a municipality and village in the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. In 1888, it joined together with Saint-Aubin and Sauges and became Saint-Aubin-Sauges.

Sauges

Sauges was a municipality and village of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. In 1888, the former municipalities Saint-Aubin and Sauges joined together and became Saint-Aubin-Sauges.

Areuse

Areuse was a municipality and village in the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. Since 1870, it became a part of the municipality of Boudry.

Môtiers

Môtiers was a municipality of the district Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Noiraigue

Noiraigue was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Thari (TV series)

Thari () (English:Loom) is an 2019 Tamil Family drama starring Sree Nithi, M. Ramasamy and M. Farina Azad. The show replaces Ilayathalapathy and aired on Colors Tamil from 1 April 2019 to 16 November 2019 on Monday to Friday at 8:30pm.The story is about around a girl named Annalakshmi (Sreenithi), who belongs to the weaving community.




Saint-Sulpice, Neuchâtel

Saint-Sulpice was a municipality in the district of Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Travers, Switzerland

Travers was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Travers.

Enges

Enges is a municipality of the district of Neuchâtel in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Saint-Blaise, Switzerland

Saint-Blaise is a municipality of the district of Neuchâtel, in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.


Cornaux

Cornaux is a municipality of the district of Neuchâtel, in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Kindertransport

Kindertransport is the German word for children's transport. It was used during World War II and a group that rescued refugee children during the Holocaust.

Geertruida Wijsmuller-Meijer helped more than 10,000 jewish children to escape from Germany to Great Britain and other countries.

Friedrich Achleitner

Friedrich Achleitner (23 May 1930 – 27 March 2019) was an Austrian poet and architecture critic. He was a member of the Wiener Gruppe, a small movement of Austrian writers. He wrote concrete poems and experimental literature. His main writings were on Austrian architecture in the 20th century. These works were written over many years, and included Achleitner visiting each building he talked about. He was professor of the history and theory of architecture at the University of Applied Arts Vienna. He won many awards in his lifetime. He was awarded the Schelling Architecture Theory Prize in 2008.

Achleitner was born in Schalchen, Upper Austria. He died on 27 March 2019 in Vienna, at the age of 88.

Yoji Harada

Harada was from Tokyo. He moved to the United States when he was 24 years of age. He was married twice and had a daughter. He died on 27 March 2019 in the Netherlands, at the age of 46.


Andrew Marshall (foreign policy strategist)

Andrew W. Marshall (September 13, 1921 – March 26, 2019) was an American foreign policy strategist. He served as director of the United States Department of Defense's Office of Net Assessment from 1973 to 2015. He was put into this role by President Richard Nixon. He stayed as director until his retirement on January 2, 2015. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Marshall died on March 26, 2019 in Alexandria, Virginia. He was 97.


Andrew Marshall (Asia journalist)

Andrew R. C. Marshall (born 1967) is a British journalist and author. He is Southeast Asia Special Correspondent for Reuters. He won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting, along with with Jason Szep. This was awarded to the pair for their report on the violent treatment of the Rohingya, a mainly Muslim ethnic group in Myanmar. He has also written for "Time", "The Sunday Times", "National Geographic", "Esquire" and many others.

Marshall graduated from the University of Edinburgh in 1989. He lives in Bangkok, Thailand.

Andrew Marshall

Andrew Marshall may refer to:



Bruce Yardley

Bruce Yardley (5 September 1947 – 27 March 2019) was an Australian cricketer. He played for the national team in 33 Tests and seven ODIs from 1978 to 1983. He was best known for his off-spin bowling. In total, he bowled 126 Test wickets. He was a right-handed batsman, and scored four Test half-centuries. As a fielder, he took 31 catches in his 33 Tests. He also played for the Western Australia cricket team. He later coached the Sri Lanka and Singapore national teams.

Yardley was born in Midland, Western Australia. He died of cancer on 27 March 2019 in Kununurra, Western Australia, at the age of 71.


Gordon S. Wood

Gordon Stewart Wood (born November 27, 1933) is an American historian. He was born in Concord, Massachusetts. He is the Alva O. Way University Professor and Professor of History Emeritus at Brown University. 

Wood won the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for History for "The Radicalism of the American Revolution" (1992). His book "The Creation of the American Republic, 1776–1787" (1969) won a 1970 Bancroft Prize. In 2010, he was awarded the National Humanities Medal.


Jim Moody

James Powers Moody (September 2, 1935 – March 22, 2019) was an American economist and Democratic politician. He was born in Richlands, Virginia. Moody was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Milwaukee, Wisconsin from 1983 to 1993.

Moody died at a hospital in Maryland on March 22, 2019 at the age of 83.


Virgilio Caballero Pedraza

Virgilio Dante Caballero Pedraza (24 February 1942 – 24 March 2019) was a Mexican journalist, media researcher and politician. He was a federal deputy from 2015 to 2018 in the LXIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress and as a deputy to the Congress of Mexico City as a member of the National Regeneration Movement. He was born in Tampico, Tamaulipas.

Caballero died on 24 March 2019 from a heart attack in Mexico City, aged 77.

Lyle Tuttle

Lyle Tuttle (October 7, 1931 – March 25, 2019) was an American tattoo artist and historian. He was tattooing since 1949. He was born in Chariton, Iowa. Tuttle tattooed Janis Joplin, Cher, Jo Baker, Henry Fonda, Paul Stanley, Joan Baez, the Allman Brothers and many others.

Tuttle taught seminars in "Tattoo machine maintenance and machine building" at tattoo conventions around the United States. He is the only person in the world to have tattooed people in all seven continents.

Tuttle died on March 25, 2019 in Ukiah, California at the age of 87.

Kay Cottee

Kay Cottee ("née" McLaren; born 25 January 1954) is an Australian sailor. She is known for being the first woman to single-handedly, non-stop and with no help circumnavigate the world. She did this 1988 in her 11 metre (36 ft) yacht "Blackmores First Lady", taking 189 days. She started the sail on 29 November 1987 through Sydney Heads, and arrived back in the harbour on 5 June 1988.

The same year, Cottee was named Australian of the Year for her achievement. In January 1989, she was made an Officer of the Order of Australia. She was the chair of the Australian National Maritime Museum from 1995 to 2001. The yacht she sailed in, "Blackmores First Lady", has been at the museum since 2000. In 2017, she was added to the Australian Sailing Hall of Fame. She has written two books.

Cottee was born in Sydney, New South Wales. She lives in Yamba, New South Wales.

Ukiah, California

Ukiah ( ; formerly Ukiah City) is the county seat and largest city of Mendocino County, California. The Ukiah Valley is a center of a major wine production industry. The population was 16,607 at the 2020 census.

W. H. Pugmire

Wilum Hopfrog Pugmire (May 3, 1951 – March 26, 2019) was an American horror fiction writer. He was born in Seattle, Washington. His works typically are published as W. H. Pugmire. His works were inspired by Lovecraftian lore. 

Pugmire produced a steady stream of book collections beginning in 1997. His stories have also been published in magazines and anthologies such as "The Year's Best Horror Stories", "Weird Tales," "The Children of Cthulhu, The Book of Cthulhu", and many more.

Pugmire died in Seattle from complications of a heart attack on March 26, 2019 at the age of 67.

Lee Kernaghan

Lee Raymond Kernaghan (born 15 April 1964) is an Australian country music singer, songwriter and guitarist. 

Kernaghan was born in Corryong, Victoria. He grew up in the Riverina, New South Wales. His father, Ray, and sister Tania, are also country music singers. He has two sons.

Kernaghan's first studio album, "The Outback Club", was released in 1992. This album won the ARIA Music Award for Best Country Album. His second studio album, "Three Chain Road" (1993), also won him the Best Country Album. The song "Leave Him in the Longyard" from "Three Chain Road", had Slim Dusty perform on it. He has won 37 awards at the Country Music Awards. In 2004, he was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM).

Kernaghan was named Australian of the Year in 2008. This was for his support of rural and regional Australia. His "Pass the Hat Around" tours have raised more than a million dollars for rural areas that struggled because of drought.



Valery Bykovsky

Valery Fyodorovich Bykovsky (; 2 August 1934 – 27 March 2019) was a Soviet cosmonaut. He flew three manned space mission space flights: Vostok 5, Soyuz 22, and Soyuz 31. He was also backup for Vostok 3 and Soyuz 37. Bykovsky was born in Pavlovsky Posad, Soviet Union.

Bykovsky died on 27 March 2019 at the age of 84.

Sigmund Jähn

Sigmund Werner Paul Jähn (13 February 1937 – 21 September 2019) was a German cosmonaut and pilot. In 1978, he became the first German to fly in space as part of the Soviet Union's Interkosmos programme. He was born in Morgenröthe-Rautenkranz, Saxony, Germany. 

Jähn was married and had two children. He lived in Strausberg in the later part of his life. He died on 21 September 2019 at the age of 82.


Leonard Fenton

Leonard Fenton (born Leonard Feinstein; 29 April 1926 – 29 January 2022) was a British actor, director and painter. He was best known for his role as Dr. Harold Legg in "EastEnders".


British Medical Association

The British Medical Association (BMA) is the professional association and registered trade union for doctors in the United Kingdom. The Association does not regulate or certify doctors. This is done by the General Medical Council. 

The association's headquarters are in BMA House, Tavistock Square, London. The association has national offices in Cardiff, Belfast, and Edinburgh, a European office in Brussels and a number of offices in English regions. 

The BMA has a range of representative and scientific committees and is recognised by National Health Service (NHS) employers as sole contract negotiators for physicians.

The BMA's stated aim is ""to promote the medical and allied sciences, and to maintain the honour and interests of the medical profession"".

The Herd (South African series)

The Herd is a South African television drama which aired on Sunday, 08 July 2018 on Mzansi Magic. Season 2 will air on 7th of April 2019 in South Africa's DStv. The drama ended with slight an abnormal plot on Sunday, 30th June 2019 after a thirteen 13-part episodes.

The Herd first season tells a remarkable storyline about a farmer who kills his wife because of greed, love, lust and power. In 1997 a young man called Nyambose and his wife visit a witchdoctor in there area to fix there farm, everything is going wrong. When a baby is born Nyambose sacrifice his wife as told by the witch doctor and everything goes back to normal, but will it forever.

Years later, Nyambose decides to marry the witchdoctor who goes by the name of MaNgadi. MaNgadi and family are living a happy life, until Nyambose's daughter Kayise comes home with a degree from Johannesburg in Gauteng where she studied. Nyambose and MaNgadi lie to Kayise and tells her that her mother killed herself. MaNgadi decides to kill lure Nyambose to kill his daughter Kayise, but he insist.

Cruel, MaNgadi is told to kill a chicken and cook it and feed it to Kayise's father so that he can kill Kayise, while Nkosana is busy dealing with drugs. A girl kidnaps Kayise, and while they still at it they fall in love, the girl knew who killed Kayises mother and tells her. Curious Kayise doesn't believe the story. In the end MaNgadi decides to kill her son Nkosana and leaves Dumazile, who is dating her skivvy. Truth is revealed and MaNgadi is in trouble. When all is revealed, MaNgadi decides to go public with her black magic. The door is closed and she uses her powers to get out of tge burning house. While she celebrate with champagne, it is found that Kayise is not yet dead. The family decide to confront MaNgadi, but a group of white men from a business called WM Capital decide to take her with.

MaNgadi doesn't want to be a witch anymore. Kayise becomes the leader of the Mthethwa family, but they don't know what awaits them, and her position is threatened. Primary school teacher, Ayanda Bhengu is not as innocent as she seems. It is found that the farm is not Nyambose's, it belongs to the brother Smangaliso. Smanga tries to get rid of Kayise. All his plans fail, It is found that Kayise is dating Lunga's wife - and its not the first, Kayise also dated Lwandle

The Herd received 4,3 million views in September 2018. But in later weeks it dropped by 1,2million views.


Arthur Liebehenschel

Arthur Liebehenschel (; 25 November 1901 – 24 January 1948) was a main officer at the Auschwitz and Majdanek concentration camps in World War II. He was guilty of doing war crimes during the war. He was executed by the Polish government in 1948, after the war ended.

Liebehenschel was born in Posen, a city that was a part of the German Empire. He studied economics and politics when he was in school. Because he was too young to be a soldier in World War I, he joined the German volunteer military in 1919. He was a sergeant major in the German army afterwards. In 1932, he joined the Nazi Party, and in 1934 he joined the SS. In the SS, he was a member of the concentration camp branch, which controlled and regulated the death camps. Liebehenschel was an assistant at the Lichtenburg concentration camp, and two years later became an inspector of camps in Berlin. In 1942, he was put in command of the central office for concentration camps.

On 1 December 1943 Liebehenschel was made leader of the Auschwitz concentration camp. He continued mass killings, and "improved" the camp by removing prisoner cells for standing, and stopping regular prisoners from going to gas chambers.
At end of the war, Liebehenschel was arrested by the U.S. Army and was given to Poland. After being found guilty of crimes against humanity at the Auschwitz Trial in Kraków, he was sentenced to death and was executed by hanging on 24 January 1948.

Le Landeron

Le Landeron is a small town and municipality of the district of Neuchâtel, in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.


Hauterive, Neuchâtel

Hauterive is a municipality in the Neuchâtel district and canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland.

Brot-Plamboz

Brot-Plamboz is a municipality of the district Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Ali Mema

Ali Mema (1 February 1943 – 26 March 2019) was an Albanian professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for 17 Nëntori Tirana for most of his career. He played for the Albanian national team 14 times between 1963 and 1967. He also played for Vllaznia and Partizani. He retired in 1972. He later managed Tirana from 1998 to 1999.

Mema was born in Tirana. His son, Ardian, was also a footballer. He died on 26 March 2019 in his hometown, at the age of 76.

La Brévine

La Brévine is a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

La Chaux-du-Milieu

La Chaux-du-Milieu is a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Les Ponts-de-Martel

Les Ponts-de-Martel is a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

La Côte-aux-Fées

La Côte-aux-Fées is a municipality of the district of Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Les Verrières

Les Verrières is a municipality of the district of Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Cernier

Cernier was the capital of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Les Hauts-Geneveys

Les Hauts-Geneveys was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Boudevilliers

Boudevilliers was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Coffrane

Coffrane was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Fontaines, Switzerland

Fontaines was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Montmollin

Montmollin was a municipality of the district Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Dombresson

Dombresson was a municipality of the district Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane

Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.


Lancaster County, South Carolina

Lancaster County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 96,016 people lived there. Its county seat is Lancaster. The county was formed in 1785.

Fontainemelon

Fontainemelon was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Murray Tyrrell

Sir Murray Louis Tyrrell (1 December 1913 – 13 July 1994) was an Australian public servant. He was the Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia from 1947 to 1973. In his record term of 26 years, served six governors-general. In 1959, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). In 1977, he was named Australian of the Year with Dame Raigh Roe.

Tyrrell was born in Kilmore, Victoria. He married Ellen St Clair Greig on 6 May 1939. The couple had three children. He lived in Queanbeyan, New South Wales.

Tyrrell died on 13 July 1994 in Canberra of the Australian Capital Territory. He was 80.

Akihito Kondo

Kondo was born in Takamatsu, Kagawa. He died on 27 March 2019, at the age of 80.


Wong Tien Fatt

Datuk Wong Tien Fatt (; 2 October 1954 – 28 March 2019), also known as Stephen Wong, was a Malaysian politician. He served as the Member of Parliament for Sandakan for two terms from 2013 until his death 2019. Wong was also Minister of People's Health and Wellbeing of Sabah (since 2018) and Sabah state chairman of the Democratic Action Party (since 2017) until his death.

Wong was born in Sandakan, Sabah. He was married to Chong Mee Fook. He had four children. He died of a heart attack on 28 March 2019 in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah. He was 64.

Jon Skolmen

Jon Skolmen (1 November 1940 – 28 March 2019) was a Norwegian actor, comedian and presenter. He acted in many Norwegian and Swedish movies. He was known for his role as Ole Bramserud in the Swedish comedy movie "Sällskapsresan" (1980) with Lasse Åberg. He worked for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK) from 1963 to 1981. He also appeared on British children's television. For only a week in 1971, he presented "Play School" for the BBC. In 1981, he appeared in the BBC/NRK special "Jon, Brian, Kirsti and Jon". He starred in this with fellow Norwegian Kirsti Sparboe, and British performers Brian Cant and Jonathan Cohen. Skolmen was awarded the Komiprisen honorary prize for lifetime achievement in 2009.

Skolmen was born in Oslo. He was the father of actors Christian and Tine Skolmen, brother of director Eli Skolmen Ryg and uncle of actors Anne Ryg and Hege Schøyen.

Skolmen died on 28 March 2019 in Oslo, at the age of 78.

Total Drama All Stars and Pahkitew Island

Total Drama All Stars and Pahkitew Island make up the fifth season of the Total Drama series. The first half of the season debuted on September 10, 2013, and the other half on July 7, 2014. Total Drama All Stars takes place at 

Camp Wawanakwa once again. It brings back 14 old contestants; 7 from World Tour and 7 from Revenge of the Island. The characters are split into teams, based on their performances in previous seasons; whether they were evil or good. Total Drama Pahkitew Island brings an all new cast of 14 contestants. It takes places at a new island, called Pahkitew Island. The characters are split into two teams: Waneyihtam Maskwak and Pimâpotew Kinosewak, both in the Cree language meaning Confused Bears and Floating Salmon, respectively.

Milo (drink)

Milo (stylised as MILO) is a chocolate and malt powder from Australia that is mixed with milk or hot water to make a drink. It was first sold at the Sydney Royal Easter Show in Sydney, New South Wales. It is popular in many other countries in Australia, Oceania, South America, and certain parts of Africa and Asia. The name comes from the famous ancient Greek wrestler Milo of Croton, after his legendary strength. It was invented by Australian Thomas Mayne in 1934. It is now made by Nestlé.

Nestle have been financially helping nutritionists creating a false scientific report about their products, according to a surprising report published in the New York Times in December 2017.

Mindvalley's founder and CEO shared a video that drew the attention of millions of people around the world. The CEO discussed the New York Times article and lambasted Nestlé for selling sugary goods as nutritious food. He used Milo as an example, stating that he was advised to drink two to three glasses of the malt drink to help him improve his athletic performance.

However, he pointed out that a whopping 40% of Milo is made up of pure sugar! That's not even the scariest part, as he goes on to say in the video. He also stated that sugar isn't the only harmful ingredient in Milo, mentioning Maltodextrin as another food additive to avoid. Maltodextrin may cause allergic reactions, weight gain, gas, flatulence, and bloating. Maltodextrin may also cause a rash or skin irritation, asthma, cramping, or difficulty breathing.

In the Philippines, MILO has been reportedly spreading false marketing ads in television and in the Internet claiming that MILO can cure "Energy Gap", a false disease claiming 4 out of 5 kids in the Philippines suffers.

British thermal unit

British thermal unit (abbreviated BTU) is a unit of energy used to produce heat. The uniy is widely used in the United Kingdom, United States, and Canada. It is used for some purposes, for example natural gas pricing.

Möckel

Möckel is a German last name. Important people with this last name include:


Ed Westcott

James Edward Westcott (January 20, 1922 – March 29, 2019) was an American photographer. He is best known for working with the U.S. government during the Manhattan Project and the Cold War. He was one of the few people allowed to have a camera in the Oak Ridge, Tennessee area during the Manhattan Project. He took the main photos that showed the construction and operation of Oak Ridge, and of non-military life in the secret community of Oak Ridge. The photos he took during the Manhattan Project were not allowed to be published until after the program ended.

Westcott was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee. He was married to Esther Seigenthaler for 56 years until her death. The couple had five children. 

Westcott died on March 29, 2019 in Oak Ridge, at the age of 97.


Pierre Bourguignon

Pierre Bourguignon (6 February 1942 – 27 March 2019) was a French politician. He served as a member of the National Assembly for two terms (1981–1993 and 1997–2012). He was a member of the Socialist Party during his time in the National Assembly. He was mayor of Sotteville-lès-Rouen, Seine-Maritime from 1989 to 2014.

Bourguignon was born in Rouen, Seine-Maritime. He died of a heart attack on 27 March 2019 in Saint-Aubin-lès-Elbeuf, Seine-Maritime. He was 77.

George

George may refer to:





Chézard-Saint-Martin

Chézard-Saint-Martin was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Engollon

Engollon was a municipality of the district Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Fenin-Vilars-Saules

Fenin-Vilars-Saules was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Fenin-Vilars-Saules was created in 1875 when Fenin, Vilars and Saules combined.

Savagnier

Savagnier was a municipality of the district Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers were joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Le Pâquier, Neuchâtel

Le Pâquier was a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Villiers, Switzerland

Villiers was a municipality of the district Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers joined together and became the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Epagnier

Epagnier was a municipality and village in the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. In 1888, it joined together with Epagnier and Marin to become Marin-Epagnier.

Marin, Neuchâtel

Marin was a municipality and village in the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. In 1888, it joined together with Epagnier and Marin to become Marin-Epagnier.

Frederic Forrest

Frederic Fenimore Forrest Jr. (December 23, 1936 – June 23, 2023) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "When the Legends Die" (1972), which earned him a nomination for the Golden Globe Award. He received an Academy and Golden Globe Award nominations for hie role as Huston Dyer in musical drama "The Rose" (1979).

Forrest died at his home in Santa Monica, California, on June 23, 2023, at the age of 86.

Henry Stern

Henry J. Stern (May 1, 1935 – March 28, 2019) was an American politician. He was born in New York City. He was a member of the New York City Council from 1974 to 1983 and appointed as the Commissioner of the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation from 1983 to 1990 and again from 1994 to 2000.

Stern died in New York City on March 28, 2019 from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 83.

Voëns-Maley

Voëns-Maley is a village in the municipality of Saint-Blaise in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. Since 1888, it became a part of Saint-Blaise.

It contains two villages: Voëns and Maley. Voëns is a golf course.

Combes, Switzerland

Combes is a small village in the municipality of Le Landeron in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. It was an independent municipality until 1875, when it became part of Le Landeron.

Arlen Ness

Arlen Darryl Ness (July 12, 1939 – March 22, 2019) was an American motorcycle designer and businessman. He was best known for his custom motorcycles. Ness became famous for his designs, most of which are known for their unique body style and paintwork.

Ness died on March 22, 2019 at the age of 79.

Ken Bald

Kenneth Bruce Bald (August 1, 1920 – March 17, 2019) was an American illustrator and comic book artist. He was born in New York City. He was best known for the "Dr. Kildare" and "Dark Shadows" newspaper comic strips. His works were published under the name "K. Bruce" on the "Dark Shadows" strip.

His papers, including more than 2,900 pieces of original artwork for the "Judd Saxon" and "Dr. Kildare" comic strips, reside at Syracuse University Libraries Special Collections Research Center.

Bald died at a retirement home on March 17, 2019 in Mount Arlington, New Jersey, aged 98.

Mount Arlington, New Jersey

Mount Arlington is a borough in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,909. It is located on the southeast shore of Lake Hopatcong, New Jersey's largest lake and a major recreational resource.

Elly Mayday

Ashley Shandrel Luther (April 15, 1988 – March 1, 2019), better known as Elly Mayday, was a Canadian model and activist for women's health. She was known for battling ovarian cancer throughout her modeling career. She was photographed with surgical scars and a bald head from chemotherapy.

In 2013, she was diagnosed with a rare form of ovarian cancer only seen in elderly women. She was originally called a plus-size model by industry standards, a label which she rejected, saying that she embraced her size 14 body, and was normal size.

She was on the front a campaign for the "Australian Women's Weekly" and was one of six models featured in plus-size lingerie company Lane Bryant's #ImNoAngel campaign in April 2015. Her unretouched surgery scars were visible in the photographs.

Mayday died from the disease on March 1, 2019 at a hospital in Vancouver, aged 30.

Vilars

Vilars is a village in the municipality of Val-de-Ruz (former Fenin-Vilars-Saules) in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel.

Vilars is in the high valley Val de Ruz between Fenin and Saules. It is in the mountain Chaumont.

Since 1875, it was an independent municipality merged with Fenin and Saules to form Fenin-Vilars-Saules. On 1 January 2013, it has been with Fenin-Vilars-Saules merged to form the new municipality of Val-de-Ruz.

Lee County, South Carolina

Lee County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 16,531 people lived there. Its county seat is Bishopville.

Lexington County, South Carolina

Lexington County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 U.S. census, 293,991 people lived there. Its county seat and largest town is Lexington. The county was created in 1785. Its name commemorates the Battle of Lexington in the American Revolutionary War.

Dumas, Texas

Dumas is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

1980 Quebec referendum

The 1980 Quebec independence referendum was the first referendum in Quebec on whether Quebec should make a deal with Canada that would allow the province to have more control over its own laws, government, and trade agreements with other countries. The referendum was called by Quebec's Parti Québécois (PQ) government. The PQ wanted Quebec to be independent from Canada.

The province-wide referendum took place on Tuesday, May 20, 1980, and the proposal to request more independence from Canada was defeated. 59.56 percent of voters voted against the referendum question and 40.44 percent voted in favour of it.

A second referendum on sovereignty in 1995 also failed, but by a smaller margin (50.58% to 49.42%).

Quebec, a province in the Canadian Confederation since its foundation in 1867, has always been the only province where the most commonly spoken language is French. Quebec has also historically been very connected to French culture and the Catholic Church, which was seen as the national church when the French colonists began to settle in what became Quebec. Many Quebecois people value their French identity and culture. In the early 1960s, Quebec went through a Quiet Revolution where politicians separated the role of the church from the role of government organisations in a process called secularisation. During this time period, political groups in the province began to identify as federalists (who wanted to be a part of a unified Canada) and sovereigntists (who wanted Quebec to become a sovereign nation state, separate from Canada).

A prominent sovereigntist was René Lévesque, who helped found the Parti Québécois (PQ) with like-minded separatists. The PQ proposed "sovereignty-association", a proposal for Quebec to be a sovereign nation-state while also sharing an economic partnership with Canada. The PQ had originally planned on declaring independence upon forming government, without putting it up for a vote in Quebec. Instead of doing this, the PQ chose to use a referendum so that the international community would be more likely to accept them as a truly independent nation.

The PQ won the 1976 election, beating the governing Quebec Liberals. The PQ campaign platform included a promise to hold a referendum on sovereignty-association during their first term. In government, the PQ created a number of popular reforms to long-term issues in the province, including francophone nationalist laws such as Bill 101, which reinforced French as the province's official language.

The PQ's beliefs were in conflict with the federal Liberal government of Pierre Elliot Trudeau, who did not agree with Quebec sovereignty. Instead, Trudeau urged Quebecers to seek empowerment at the federal level through reforms that provided for bilingualism and protection for individual rights. Trudeau was considered such a major opponent to Quebec sovereignty that Lévesque refused to call a referendum while Trudeau was the Prime Minister.

The Progressive Conservatives led by Joe Clark won a minority government in the May 22 1979 federal election. Clark's minority government made a point to not have the federal government be involved in the referendum, leaving the task of representing federalist voices to Claude Ryan, the new leader of the Quebec Liberal Party.

On June 21, 1979, Lévesque announced the promised referendum would occur in the spring of 1980, and that the question on the ballot would be announced before Christmas.

On November 1, 1979, the Quebec government released its constitutional proposal in a white paper titled "Québec-Canada: A New Deal. The Québec Government Proposal for a New Partnership Between Equals: Sovereignty-Association".

A dramatic change occurred in Ottawa on December 11, 1979, when the Clark government unexpectedly lost a vote of confidence on a budget bill, forcing a federal election. Three days afterward, Trudeau announced his return as leader of the Liberals. Polls showed Clark losing handily.

The wording of the referendum question was a subject of debate between members of the Parti Québécois caucus. Some preferred a simple wording focused on Quebec becoming sovereign from Canada. Lévesque realised that sovereignty-association would require negotiations with the Government of Canada. Lévesque decided that the question would be written so that it gave the government of Quebec the power to negotiate with the Government of Canada, and that if the referendum passed, they would have a second referendum after making an agreement with the Canadian government so that Quebecers could approve the deal or vote against it. He also felt the safety of a second referendum would convince swing voters to vote "Yes." 

A significant debate arose as to whether a "question" under the "Referendum Act" could have more than one sentence: the final compromise was to use semicolons.

The question announced on December 20, 1979 was: "The Government of Quebec has made public its proposal to negotiate a new agreement with the rest of Canada, based on the equality of nations; this agreement would enable Quebec to acquire the exclusive power to make its laws, levy its taxes and establish relations abroad — in other words, sovereignty — and at the same time to maintain with Canada an economic association including a common currency; any change in political status resulting from these negotiations will only be implemented with popular approval through another referendum; on these terms, do you give the Government of Quebec the mandate to negotiate the proposed agreement between Quebec and Canada?"

Lévesque, while noting its cumbersome nature, stated that it was transparent and could be easily understood.

On February 18, 1980, the federal Liberals won a majority in the House of Commons, and Trudeau returned as Prime Minister. Trudeau announced Jean Chrétien as having responsibilities for the federal response to the referendum.

Television had recently been introduced to the Quebec National Assembly, and the legislative debate on the referendum question was scheduled for prime time live viewing on March 4, 1980. The debate lasted two weeks, and the result was a PQ success and a disaster for the provincial Liberals. The PQ Cabinet, coordinated by House Leader Claude Charron, provided detailed outlines of their files and the benefits they said sovereignty would provide them. The Liberals did not consider that the television audience would view their quick and taunting retorts about the referendum question to be insubstantial compared to the lengthy and detailed speeches of PQ members. The Liberals seemed to lack preparation and Ryan, unaware of the television cameras, was caught yawning on a few occasions during Liberal interventions.

Polls released after the debates showed the Yes and No side roughly even, with a majority among Francophone voters for the "Yes" side.

Less helpful to the "Yes" campaign was a speech by former television presenter Lise Payette to a committee in Montreal, where she mocked what she viewed as the "No" side's complacency by imagining a person who planned on voting "No" as a "Yvette -" a docile schoolgirl from pre-Quiet Revolution schoolbooks. Payette also used this as a general theme in the legislature. Payette stated that Ryan wanted a Quebec full of "Yvettes" and that his wife, Madeline Ryan, was an Yvette. Lise Bissonnette, a popular journalist, responded to Payette's personal attack wrote a sarcastic editorial that compared Payette's television career with Mme Ryan's accomplishments in the public and private sector.

Payette apologized during the legislative debate, but the remark and the editorial sparked a movement. On March 30, a group of 1,700 women, including Madeline Ryan, held the "brunch des Yvettes" at the Château Frontenac in Quebec City. The movement grew until a rally at the Montreal Forum on April 7 when 14,000 women denounced the minister's declarations about women and manifested their support for the "No" side.

On April 15, Lévesque announced before the National Assembly the referendum would occur on May 20, 1980. The same day, on the opening of the House of Commons, Trudeau announced that the Government of Canada would not negotiate sovereignty-association under any circumstances, as he considered the question too vague and the Canadian government's authority too uncertain to do so. He also stated that the question was too vague to give Lévesque and the PQ any mandate to declare independence, making any result from a "Yes" vote impossible; in contrast, he offered that a "No" vote would lead to constitutional change. His position was supported by Clark and national NDP leader Ed Broadbent.

The "Yes" campaign was, in the initial stages, low key. It focused on gaining broad acceptance of sovereignty-association through specialized "regroupments" that would be presented with special certificates at ceremonies led by Lévesque and other cabinet ministers. The regroupments were seen as an attempt to show broad support for the movement and create conversations at the ground level, however, the attempt to create them in some heavily Federalist professions, such as lawyers, prompted a severe backlash.

The "No" campaign, led by Ryan, was run as a traditional election campaign, with Ryan campaigning during the day and making speeches in local hockey arenas across rural Quebec.

Controversially, the Canadian government became involved on its own accord in the referendum despite the provisions of the provincial "Referendum Act", which tightly restricted all campaigning to the designated "Yes" and "No" committees with set budgets. Canadian government politicians made appearances coordinated by Minister of Justice Jean Chrétien and Marc Lalonde, mainly speculating on the economic uncertainty a "Yes" vote could bring. Chrétien argued that prominent PQ member Claude Morin would sacrifice Canada's oil and national gas price to drive in an ambassadors' Cadillac. Lalonde argued that old age pensions were directly threatened by a "Yes" vote. Though initially reluctant, Ryan started to accept and welcome the Canadian government's help, and continued to speak across Quebec.

The referendum prompted an unheard-of political mobilization, and the campaign was seen as a traumatic event in Quebec, as the hard choice between "Yes" and "No" shattered the nationalist consensus that had existed since the Quiet Revolution.

On May 14, six days before the vote, Trudeau made his final appearance at a packed Paul Sauvé Arena, where the PQ had celebrated their victory in 1976. Trudeau attacked the "Yes" campaign for not asking a clear question, and stated that a "Yes" vote was a dead end, given that the rest of Canada was not bound by the question and that it was too vague to pursue independence if negotiations were refused.

Trudeau then stated that he would interpret a vote for the "No" as a mandate to renew federalism and change the constitution, putting his MPs' seats on the line if he were to fail to keep this promise. Addressing himself to Canadians outside Quebec on behalf of his MPs, Trudeau challenged English Canada that change would have to occur and that the referendum could not be interpreted as an endorsement of the status quo.

After this Trudeau hit an emotional high note, invoking a remark by Lévesque days earlier that he was showing his "Elliott" side during the campaign. Trudeau detailed the story of his parents, who had both had many ancestors in Quebec, and remarked that his full name was both a Québécois and a Canadian name. Trudeau then began to list members of the Parti Québécois who had Irish or English last names. The riposte brought the crowd to an uproar, and Trudeau exited to chants of "Elliott."

The speech, which prompted Morin to wonder if his mind was changed, was seen as the death knell of the "Yes" camp, despite Lévesque's attempts to cast doubt over Trudeau's words.

After the lopsided defeat, a visibly emotional Lévesque addressed his supporters, many of whom were shown on screen in tears at the result. Lévesque began his concession speech by saying "My dear friends, if I understand you correctly, you're saying: 'until next time.'" In the speech, he called the Canadian government's involvement in the campaign "scandalously immoral," and emphasized that the result must be accepted and that it was now the Canadian government's responsibility to provide the changes to the constitution that Trudeau had promised. Lévesque ended by asking the audience to sing "Gens du Pays" for him, as he did not have any voice left.

Claude Ryan's speech was later in the evening. After refusing to let Jean Chrétien use the microphone to address those gathered, he proceeded to demand an election be called and listed every riding that had voted for the "No" side. The speech was generally seen as callous and harsh, especially after the emotional crowd scenes broadcast during Lévesque's speech. Trudeau addressed the country afterward with a more conciliatory tone, emphasizing the need for unity after the hurt feelings and strained friendships that had been caused by the referendum. The next morning, Chrétien was tasked with creating a provincial consensus.

Maximum amount authorized by referendum law: $2,122,257 ($0.50/voter x 4,244,514 voters)

"No" Committee:

"Yes" Committee:
After the referendum, Trudeau acted upon his promise by calling together the provincial premiers in a first ministers' conference. The meeting showed signs of deadlock, and Lévesque surprised observers by uniting with the dissident premiers, who warmly received his decentralist views. Facing a lack of cooperation from the premiers, Trudeau then announced his intention to unilaterally patriate the constitution from the United Kingdom and have a charter of rights and constitutional amending formula approved by national referendum.

In the meantime, there was a provincial election in Quebec. Despite a brief post-referendum malaise, the PQ easily defeated Ryan's Liberals in the 1981 provincial election, campaigning both on their governing record and against Trudeau's intentions. Notably, the PQ did not promise to hold a second referendum.

With regards to Trudeau's plans to unilaterally patriate and change the constitution, the newly re-elected Lévesque, who had initially argued for the incorporation of a Quebec veto into the new constitution, agreed with eight other premiers (the Gang of Eight) to a proposal that would not allow Quebec a veto, but would permit "opting out" of certain federal endeavours with compensation.

The federal government, still interested in proceeding unilaterally, sought an opinion on whether it was legally entitled to do so from the Supreme Court of Canada. The Supreme Court ruled that any constitutional changes, including patriation of the constitution, could be made unilaterally under the letter of the law, but, by non-binding convention, "a substantial degree of provincial consent was required".

The Supreme Court's decision prompted a final meeting among the first ministers. Lévesque abandoned the Gang of Eight and opted to join Trudeau in advocating immediate patriation with the promise of a future referendum on the other matters. The other premiers, loath to be seen arguing against the charter of rights that was included in Trudeau's proposed constitutional changes, formulated a compromise proposal with Jean Chrétien that was acceptable to the Canadian government. The compromise came during the Kitchen Meeting, which took place after Lévesque had left for the evening. In Quebec, that night has sometimes been called the "Night of the Long Knives".

As a result of the compromise between the premiers (other than Lévesque) and the federal government, the government partiated the Canadian constitution in the Constitution Act, 1982 without support from Lévesque or Quebec's National Assembly. The result was a shattering defeat for the PQ, especially after the Quebec government's loss in its Quebec Veto Reference case. The National Assembly of Quebec, compared to its position in 1976, actually lost power under Lévesque and the PQ.

Historical debate would centre on whether Trudeau's advocacy and agreement on patriation were in accord with or in contravention of his commitments made in his speech at the Paul Sauvé Arena. Trudeau defended his actions by stating he had kept his promise to deliver a new constitution that resided entirely within Canada and an embedded Charter of Rights. Quebec nationalists argue that this is an overly literal view of his words and that, in context to a Québécois audience, Trudeau had promised that Quebec would be given a status in accordance with a decentralized view of federalism, or his MPs would resign.

In 1984, Brian Mulroney led the Progressive Conservatives to victory nationally, having committed during the campaign to try to find a way to accommodate Quebec's objections to the constitution. Lévesque pledged to take the risk of trying to work towards a deal with Mulroney. This led to a split in the PQ and subsequently Lévesque's resignation from politics in 1985. After the PQ defeat by the Liberals of Robert Bourassa, the Mulroney government began negotiations with Quebec to find a deal that would be acceptable to all provinces. The 1987 Meech Lake Accord and the 1992 Charlottetown Accord, despite receiving unanimous consent among the provincial premiers, each failed in dramatic public fashion, reviving the sovereignty movement.

The PQ returned to office, led by hard-line separatist and former Finance Minister Jacques Parizeau, in 1994. Parizeau called a second sovereignty referendum of 1995, which featured a more direct question. That referendum failed by a margin of less than 0.6%.


2022 Asian Games

The 2022 Asian Games, also known as XIX Asiad (), will be a sport event held in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China from 23 September to 8 October 2023. 

Hangzhou will be the third Chinese city to host the Asian Games, after Beijing 1990 and Guangzhou 2010.

44 venues will be used during the Games. 30 venues are already existing in the city, 10 are under construction and another 4 venues are in the planning stage.



2019 Xiangshui chemical plant explosion

On 21 March 2019, an explosion occurred at a chemical plant in Chenjiagang Chemical Industry Park, , Xiangshui County, Yancheng, Jiangsu, China.

78 people died, and 617 were injured in the incident.

The plant was operated by Tianjiayi Chemical (), and was used to produce fertilizer or pesticides. Tianjiayi Chemical had previously been punished six times for not obeying pollution and waste management laws, and "China Daily" reported fines over safety issues.

On November 27, 2007, an explosion occurred in one of the chemical factories in Chenjiagang Chemical Zone (). 7 people died and around 50 got injured. On November 23, 2010, more than thirty were poisoned by a harmful gas release. In the of harmful chemical release and potential upcoming explosions in the Chenjiagang Chemical Industry Park led over ten thousand residents to move away in panic from the towns of Chenjiagang and Shuanggang () during which four people died and many were injured. On the afternoon of May 18 and again on July 26 in 2011, there were explosions at local factories.

The explosion happened at a local time of 14:48 (06:48 GMT). 78 people were killed, and at least 94 were severely injured, 32 of whom were critically injured. Around 640 people required hospital treatment and were taken to 16 hospitals. The injured included children at a local kindergarten. CENC detected an artificial earthquake at .

The force of the blast started fires in Yancheng, knocked down several buildings, and reportedly destroyed windows several kilometers away. The fire was reported to have been controlled by 03:00 local time. Considerable damage was caused to nearby factories and offices; the roof of Henglida Chemical Factory, 3 km from the explosion, fell in. At least one of the people killed was in another building destroyed by the blast. Windows are reported to have been blown out up to 6 km away from the explosion, and houses and other buildings were damaged in the nearby administrative divisions including Hai'an Town (Haianju) and Shadang.

The search for survivors was ongoing on 23 March; one survivor was rescued from the site on the morning of 23 March, but 25 of the 28 people earlier reported missing were found dead. According to the Jiangsu environmental protection bureau, the monitored levels of benzene, toluene, and xylene in the area were not abnormal, and levels of acetone and chloroform outside the explosion area were within normal limits.

Vernéaz

Vernéaz is a small village in the municipality of La Grande-Béroche (former Vaumarcus) in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel.

Since 1875, it was an independent municipality merged with Vaumarcus to form Vaumarcus-Vernéaz. It was known from 1875 to 1966. On 1 January 2018, it has been with Vaumarcus merged to form the new municipality of La Grande-Béroche.

Wavre, Switzerland

Wavre is a village in the municipality of La Tène (former Thielle-Wavre) in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. Since 1888, it was an independent municipality merged with Thielle to form Thielle-Wavre.

Thielle, Switzerland

Thielle is a village in the municipality of La Tène (former Thielle-Wavre) in the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. Since 1888, it joined together with Thielle and Wavre and became Thielle-Wavre.

Les Eplatures

Les Eplatures is a village in the municipality of La Chaux-de-Fonds, in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. Since 1900, it became a part of La Chaux-de-Fonds.

Les Eplatures is the birthplace of painter Louis Léopold Robert.

Speculation tax

The Speculation and vacancy tax is a provincial property tax levied in the Province of British Columbia starting in 2019. It is an opt-out tax paid when the property is vacant. It is paid in addition to the regular property tax. The rate for this tax is a half per cent of a home's assessed value for owners who are residents of British Columbia (BC), one per cent for Canadians from other provinces and two percent for owners from other countries. Homes that are not exempt from this tax, pay it in addition to their regular property tax. This tax is not to be confused with Vancouver's empty homes tax, which is also being levied on empty homes located in the city of Vancouver.

All owners of homes in British Columbia are invited to fill out applications for exemption from this tax every year. If a home is owned by more than one person, for example a couple, all owners must complete a separate application for exemption. A part-owner who does not file for an exemption must pay the tax based on their proportional part of the assessed value even if the home is occupied. Tens of thousands of homeowners have not filed for exemption by March 30, 2019. 

The BC Goverment says the tax is a "key measure in tackling the housing crisis in major urban centres in British Columbia". It says that it took this action because the people who live and people who work in BC deserve to have affordable housing. According to the goverment, the tax is a part of it's 30-Point Plan to make housing more affordable. The tax is Targeted at speculators who own homes in BC but do not pay taxes. It changes empty homes into occupied housing. It also creates revenue which will pay for affordable housing. 

This tax is levied on empty homes in most urban centers:
Within these areas, any reserve lands, treaty lands, or self-government First Nations are exempt.

The rate of the tax for all Canadians has been lowered to one half of a percent. This happened after negotiating between the NDP Party and the Green Party.

Some commentators such as Douglas Todd believe that this tax has achieved it's goal. He says that prices of homes in Vancouver are moderating as a result of the tax being implemented.
The speculation tax has been named as one of the contributors to a slump in commercial real estate investment in Vancouver in 2018. Asian investments in Vancouver declined to less than $350 million from more than $1 billion in 2016 and 2017. According to government figures the tax brought in revenues of $115 million from 12,029 homeowners iduring a 15-months period in the 2018-2019 provincial fiscal yearwhich ended on March 31, 2019. 

The tax has caught many unaware. For example, a Victoria, BC resident who bought a home in 2018 but worked in the United States the previous year, ended up owing almost five thousand dollars to the BC government.

In August of 2019 John Mackie of The Province reported that this provincial vacancy tax and the Empty Homes Tax are leading to larger numbers of real estate listings of luxury condos in downtown Vancouver.


Romont, Fribourg

Romont is the capital of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Tafers

Tafers () is the capital of the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Alterswil and St. Antoni merged to form the municipality of Tafers.


Estavayer

Estavayer is a new municipality of the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland. It is on the south shore of Lake Neuchâtel and is between Yverdon and Bern. It is the capital of the district of Broye. It was created on 1 January 2017, when the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens merged to form Estavayer.


Estavayer (disambiguation)

Estavayer is the name of three places in Switzerland:

List of cities in British Columbia

A city is a classification of municipalities used in the Canadian province of British Columbia. British Columbia's Lieutenant Governor in Council may incorporate a community as a city by letters patent, under the recommendation of the Minister of Communities, Sport and Cultural Development, if its population is greater than 5,000 and the outcome of a vote involving affected residents was that greater than 50% voted in favour of the proposed incorporation.

British Columbia has 52 cities that had a cumulative population of 3,327,824 and an average population of 63,997 in the 2016 census. British Columbia's largest and smallest cities are Vancouver and Greenwood with populations of 631,486 and 665 respectively. The largest city by land area is Abbotsford, which spans , while the smallest is Duncan, at .

The first community to incorporate as a city was New Westminster on July 16, 1860, while the province's newest city is Mission, which was redesignated from a district municipality to a city on March 29, 2021.

"Notes:"
Sandon held city status between 1898 and 1920. Phoenix held city status between 1900 and 1919.

As of the 2021 census, nine towns – Comox, Creston, Ladysmith, Oliver, Osoyoos, Qualicum Beach, Sidney, Smithers and View Royal – meet the requirement of having populations greater than 5,000 to incorporate as a city. Also, 21 district municipalities meet the minimum population requirements to incorporate as a city.


Romont

Romont is the name of three places in Europe:

Vsauce

Vsauce is a popular YouTube channel and brand, that was created by Michael Stevens. The channels feature videos about various scientific and mathematical topics,be gaming, and technology.

The main Vsauce channel was created on July 30th, 2007 by Michael Stevens. The channel didn't start uploading until 2010. Initially, the channel's content focused on video games, with various hosts. However certain series like "IMG!" slowly gained popularity, and Stevens became the only host. The channel's content then focused on online activities and information. Slowly, the educational content became more popular.

Vsauce 1

The channel is hosted by Michael Stevens, featuring content about science, math, and more. In the main series, "DOT.", Stevens discusses a topic or a question, and includes many explanations. Stevens has said that he uses Wikipedia and research papers to find information for his videos.

Marlboro County, South Carolina

Marlboro County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 26,667 people lived there. Its county seat is Bennettsville.

McCormick County, South Carolina

McCormick County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,526 people lived there. Its county seat is McCormick. The county was formed in 1916.

Broye District

Broye District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Estavayer-le-Lac.

It contains the following municipalities:

See District, Fribourg

See District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Murten.

It contains the following municipalities:

Wil (Wahlkreis)

Wil is a district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

St. Gallen (Wahlkreis)

St. Gallen is a district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Biocenosis

Biocenosis is the idea that different species coexist in an enclosed habitat (usually called biotope). Biocenosis and biotope make up the ecosystem. Karl Möbius first used the term in 1877.

TRAPPIST-1

TRAPPIST-1 (or 2MASS J23062928-0502285) is an ultracool red dwarf star located almost 40 light years away from the Sun in the constellation of Aquarius. The red dwarf is known for having seven Earth-sized rocky planets around it. These planets were discovered between 2016 and 2017, and are likely rocky and some may even have liquid water on them. Four of these planets (d, e, f, and g) are in the habitable zone, so they are most likely to have liquid water. Three other planets here (b, c, and h) are not in the habitable zone, and are likely not habitable. 
In August of 2017, the Hubble Space Telescope possibly found traces of possible water in the atmospheres of some of the TRAPPIST-1 planets.







Bebe Rexha

Bleta "Bebe" Rexha (born August 30, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter. Rexha was born in New York City. She signed a contract with Warner Bros. Records in 2013. Rexha helped write Eminem and Rihanna's song "The Monster". The song got a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Performance. Rexha also helped write songs recorded by Shinee, Selena Gomez and Nick Jonas.

Rexha released her first extended play, "I Don't Wanna Grow Up", in 2015. It had some success with the song "I'm Gonna Show You Crazy".

Rexha released two more extended plays, "All Your Fault: Pt. 1" and "All Your Fault: Pt. 2". Those had some success with the songs "I Got You" and "The Way I Are (Dance with Somebody)". She also had success with songs, including "Me, Myself & I" with G-Easy, "In the Name of Love" with Martin Garrix and "Meant to Be" with Florida Georgia Line. The latter song went to number two on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

Rexha has won several awards, including RadioDisney, iHeart and Edison Awards for her singing.

Lee Miglin

Lee Albert Miglin (July 12, 1924 – May 4, 1997) was an American real estate developer, businessman, and philanthropist. He was born in Westville, Illinois. Miglin went on to become a successful real estate developer in partnership with J. Paul Beitler.

Miglin was born in Westville, Illinois. He trained as an air cadet during World War II, before attending the University of Illinois.

In 1988, Miglin-Beitler Developments revealed plans to build a 1,999 foot 125-floor skyscraper in Chicago to be called the Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle. This would have been the tallest building in the world at the time of its planned completion. However, the building was never built. Miglin-Beitler had held hopes of creating the project, but these plans would never happen following Miglin's murder.

Miglin was murdered at his garage in Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood on May 4, 1997 by serial killer Andrew Cunanan. He was 72 years old. He had been tortured with a saw and a screwdriver, his ribs had been broken, he had been beaten and stabbed, and his throat had been slashed with a gardener's bow saw.

The second season of the anthology television series "American Crime Story": "", was about the Cunanan spree where Miglin was played by Mike Farrell.

In 1959, Miglin married 20-year-old Marilyn Klecka. She was a businesswoman and host of several shows on the Home Shopping Network. They had two children together, Marlena (born 1968) and Duke Miglin (born 1971).

Westville, Illinois

Westville is a village in Georgetown Township, Vermilion County, Illinois, United States. It is part of the Danville, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. Westville's coordinates are (40.043286, -87.637995). According to the 2010 census, Westville has a total area of , all land.

Andrew Cunanan

Andrew Phillip Cunanan (August 31, 1969 – July 23, 1997) was an American serial killer and gold digger. He murdered five people, including Italian fashion designer Gianni Versace and Chicago real estate developer Lee Miglin, during a three-month period from April to July 1997. He was a gay prostitute.

Cunanan was born in National City, California. He lived in San Diego, California. He had antisocial personality disorder. Cunanan studied, but dropped out shortly afterwards from the University of California, San Diego.

Cunanan's serial killings began in Minneapolis on April 27, 1997, with the murder of his close friend 28-year-old Jeffrey Trail. He later murdered his ex-boyfriend David Madson by shooting him in the back near Rush City, Minnesota. On May 4, 1997, he drove to Chicago where he killed real estate developer Lee Miglin at his Gold Coast home by stabbing him multiple times. Five days later, Cunanan shot and killed 45-year-old cemetery caretaker William Reese and stole his red pickup truck.

On July 15, Cunanan murdered Italian fashion designer Gianni Versace, shooting him twice on the front stairway of his Miami Beach mansion, Casa Casuarina. A witness pursued Cunanan but was unable to catch him.

On July 23, 1997, eight days after killing Versace, Cunanan killed himself with a gunshot through the mouth while living in a boat as police officials were close to arresting him. He was 27 years old.

Cunanan was played by Darren Criss in "", which premiered on January 17, 2018. Criss won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie" and a Golden Globe Award for "Best Actor – Miniseries, or Television Film" for his portrayal.

Rush City, Minnesota

Rush City is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,228 at the 2020 census. It is fifty-eight miles north of Minneapolis–Saint Paul.

Darren Criss

Darren Everett Criss (born February 5, 1987) is an American actor and singer-songwriter. He is known for his roles as Blaine Anderson in the series "Glee" and as serial killer Andrew Cunanan in the limited crime series "" (2018). For his role as Cunanan, he won an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award.

Hugo, Minnesota

Hugo is a small town in eastern Minnesota. It is in Washington County. The town is 21 miles northeast of St. Paul.

Jason Reese

Jason Meredith Reese (24 June 1967 – 8 March 2019) was a British engineering scientist. He was the Regius Professor of Engineering at the University of Edinburgh. His research was in multiscale flow systems. He won the Philip Leverhulme Prize.

Reese died on 8 March 2019, at the age of 51.

Dobrica Erić

Dobrica Erić (; August 22, 1936 – March 29, 2019) was a Serbian writer and poet.

He was the author of many novels, five books of romantic poetry, 23 poetry books, 5 theatre dramas and over 40 children's books. His first book of poetry was published in 1959. His works have been translated into many languages. He lived and worked in Belgrade and Gruža.

Erić died in Belgrade on March 29, 2019 from lung cancer at the age of 82.

Édgar Ramírez

Édgar Filiberto Ramírez Arellano (, born March 25, 1977) is a Venezuelan actor and former journalist. He was born in San Cristóbal, Táchira, Venezuela.

He played Carlos the Jackal in the 2010 French-German biopic series "Carlos". He won the César Award for Most Promising Actor in 2011 for the role and was nominated for a Golden Globe and Emmy Award for best actor.

He also played Larry, a CIA operative in the movie "Zero Dark Thirty", Paz—a CIA assassin—in "The Bourne Ultimatum", and Roberto Durán, a four-time world-champion boxer and member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame, in "Hands of Stone".

Ramírez starred as Gianni Versace in the limited crime series "". He also starred as Bodhi in the 2015 movie "Point Break".

Geoff Harvey

Geoffrey John Harvey (6 August 1935 – 30 March 2019) was an English-Australian pianist, conductor, musical director and television personality. He worked at the Australian Nine Network for 38 years. He was known for starring on "The Mike Walsh Show" and "Midday". He was born in London.

Harvey was a recipient of the Medal of the Order of Australia during the 2006 Queen's Birthday honours for "service to the community as a musician and entertainer, and through support for charitable organisations".

Harvey died on 30 March 2019 in Berrima, New South Wales at the age of 83.

Louise Bourgeois

Louise Joséphine Bourgeois (25 December 1911 – 31 May 2010) was a French-American artist. She was best-known for her installation art and large-scale sculptures. She was also a painter and printmaker.

Bourgeois explored many themes over her career, including domesticity, family, sexuality and death.

Bourgeois was born in Paris, France.


Ruben Tovmasyan

Ruben Tovmasyan (; February 15, 1937 – March 30, 2019) was an Armenian politician. He was born in Yerevan, Armenia. He was the General Secretary of the Armenian Communist Party from 2005 to 2014.

Tovmasyan died on March 30, 2019 in Yerevan from thyroid cancer, aged 82.


Cobh

Cobh, known from 1849 until 1920 as Queenstown, is a tourist seaport town on the south coast of County Cork, Ireland.

Cobh the last port visited by the RMS "Titanic".

After the RMS "Lusitania" sank in May 1915, its passengers were taken to Cobh.

The port had several Irish language names. It was first called "Cove" in 1750. It was renamed "Queenstown" in 1849 to honor a visit by Queen Victoria. The name was later renamed again, this time to "Cobh".

Frances Farmer

Frances Elena Farmer (September 19, 1913 – August 1, 1970) was an American actress and television hostess. She was in over a dozen movies during her career.

Farmer was born in Seattle, Washington. She began acting in stage productions while she was a student at the University of Washington. When she graduated, she began performing in stock theatre. She later signed a contract with Paramount Pictures in 1936.

Farmer's first movie was "Too Many Parents" (1936). That was followed by a lead role in the musical western "Rhythm on the Range" (also 1936).

Farmer was unhappy with the opportunities given to her by the studio. She returned to stock theater in 1937. She was cast in the original Broadway production of Clifford Odets' "Golden Boy".

Farmer was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in the spring of 1970. The cancer was tied to her lifelong habit of heavy smoking. She died from the cancer in Indianapolis, Indiana at age 56.

Zuzana Čaputová

Zuzana Čaputová (; née Strapáková; born 21 June 1973) is a Slovak politician, lawyer and activist. She is the 5th President of Slovakia who took office on 15 June 2019. 

Čaputová is the first woman to hold the presidency, as well as the youngest president in the history of Slovakia, at age 45.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy

Volodymyr Oleksandrovych Zelenskyy (; born 25 January 1978) is a Ukrainian politician, screenwriter, actor, comedian and director. He is the President of Ukraine since 2019.

Zelenskyy played the role of President of Ukraine in the hugely popular 2015 television series "Servant of the People". The political party "Servant of the People" was created in March 2018 by people from the TV production company Kvartal 95 who also created the TV series of the same name.

Zelenskyy ran for president as a populist and anti-corruption candidate in the 2019 election. He defeated incumbent President Petro Poroshenko in a landslide victory, winning 73.2% of the vote.

Zelenskyy was born 25 January 1978 in Kryvyi Rih, Ukrainian SSR in a secular Ukrainian Jewish family. His father, Oleksandr Zelenskyy, is a professor at the Kryvyi Rih Institute of Economics. His mother, Rymma Zelenska, worked as an engineer. Before going to school Volodymyr lived for four years in Mongolia where his father worked at that time.

Zelenskyy earned a law degree from the Kryvyi Rih Institute of Economics. He fluently speaks Ukrainian and Russian.

In 2008, he starred in the feature film "Love in the Big City", and its sequel, "Love in the Big City 2". Zelenskyy also played the main role in the movie "Office Romance, Our Time, Rzhevsky Versus Napoleon, Love in the Big City 3, 8 First Dates," etc"."

In 2015, Zelenskyy became the main actor of the popular Ukrainian television series "Servant of the People", where he played the role of the President of Ukraine.

Zelenskyy also voice dubbed Paddington Bear in the Ukrainian language settings of "Paddington" and "Paddington 2".

Zelenskyy was the front-runner in the 2019 Ukrainian presidential election. Six months before he announced his candidacy on 31 December 2018, he was already one of the frontrunners in opinion polls for the election.

In September 2019 it was reported that U.S. President Donald Trump had pressured Zelenskyy during a July phone call between the two Presidents to investigate alleged wrongdoing by Joe Biden and his son Hunter Biden. This led to the Trump–Ukraine scandal and the impeachment inquiry against Donald Trump which would result in Trump's impeachment.

During 2021–2022, Zelenskyy's administration faced intense tensions with Russia and President Vladimir Putin. This led to the launch of an ongoing full-scale Russian invasion in February 2022. Zelenskyy's strategy during the Russian military buildup was to calm the Ukrainian population and work with the international community that Ukraine was not going to fight back. At first, he distanced himself from warnings of a future war, while also wanting security guarantees and military support from NATO. After the start of the invasion, Zelenskyy declared martial law across Ukraine.

Zelenskyy became well known around the world during the invasion as the wartime leader of Ukraine. He has been compared to Winston Churchill. He is seen as a national hero or a "global hero" by many political commentators and newspapers.

In December 2022, Zelenskyy along with the Spirit of Ukraine were named Time Person of the Year.

In September 2003, Zelenskyy married Olena Kiyashko. They have one daughter and one son. Zelenskyy's first language is Russian, and he is also fluent in Ukrainian and English. His net worth is about 37 million hryvnias (about US$1.5 million) in 2018.


Eduardo Fajardo

Eduardo Martínez Fajardo (14 August 1924 – 4 July 2019) was a Spanish actor. He was born in Meis (Pontevedra), Spain. He appeared in more than 160 movies between 1947 and 2002. He was known for his roles in "7th Cavalry" and "Django".

Fajardo died on 4 July 2019 while on a trip in Mexico City at the age of 94.


José Terrón

José Terrón Peñaranda (5 July 1939 – 12 May 2019) was a Spanish movie actor. He was born in Madrid. He played Guy Callaway in "For a Few Dollars More" (1965), and Thomas "Shorty" Larson in "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" (1966).

Terrón died on 12 May 2019 in Benidorm, Spain at the age of 79.

Héctor Alterio

Héctor Benjamín Alterio Onorato (born 21 September 1929) is an Argentine actor. His best known role was in "La Patagonia rebelde" ("The Rebel Patagonia"). His voice was used in "Ya es tiempo de violencia" (1969), an anonymous movie about the "Cordobazo" riots which took place the same year.


Julieta Serrano

Julieta Serrano Romero (born 2 January 1933) is a Spanish actress. In September 2018 she was awarded by the Premio Nacional de Teatro. Her best known roles were in "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" (1988), "Dark Habits" (1983) and "Teatro de siempre" (1966). Serrano appeared in many movies directed by Pedro Almodóvar.


Marisa Paredes

María Luisa Paredes Bartolomé (born 3 April 1946), known professionally as Marisa Paredes, is a Spanish actress. She has appeared in famous Spanish and English language movies, including "In a Glass Cage" (1986), "Life Is Beautiful" (1998), "Deep Crimson" (1996) and "The Devil's Backbone" (2001).

Deaths in April 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in April 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.
































Tottenham Hotspur Stadium

Tottenham Hotspur Stadium is a stadium that serves as the home ground for Tottenham Hotspur in north London, replacing the club's previous stadium, White Hart Lane. It has a capacity of 62,062, making it one of the largest stadiums in the Premier League and the largest club stadium in London. It is designed to be a multi-purpose stadium and features the world's first dividing, retractable football pitch, which reveals a synthetic turf pitch underneath for NFL London Games, concerts and other events.

"Tottenham Hotspur Stadium" is unlikely to remain the official stadium name indefinitely, it is widely expected that the rights to the naming of the stadium will be sold. The stadium is occasionally referred to as New White Hart Lane by fans and some in the media.

The stadium is accessible through a number of London Overground, London Underground and National Rail stations: Seven Sisters, Tottenham Hale, Northumberland Park, and White Hart Lane stations. The nearest station, at around 200 m away, is White Hart Lane (London Overground), which is being rebuilt, and a Wembley-style walkway for fans from the station to the stadium is planned. The stadium area is also served by up to 144 buses an hour. Bus routes that stop close to the ground are 149, 259, 279, 349, and W3. The club will also operate two high frequency shuttle bus services to the stadium, one from Alexandra Palace through Wood Green, and the other from Tottenham Hale.

Jenny Shipley

Dame Jennifer Mary Shipley (née Robson; born 4 February 1952) is a former New Zealand politician. She was the 36th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1997 to 1999. She was the first female Prime Minister of New Zealand. She was the only woman to have led the National Party.

Shipley was born in Gore, Southland. She was raised in rural Canterbury.

Before entering politics, Shipley was involved with several community organizations.

Shipley was elected to the New Zealand Parliament in the 1987 election. She won the Ashburton electorate.

When the National Party returned to power in 1990, Shipley was appointed to the Cabinet of New Zealand under Jim Bolger. She was the Minister of Social Welfare (1990-1996), the Minister for Women's Affairs (1990-1996), a member of the Minister of Health (1993-1996) and a member of the Minister of Transport (1996-1997).

In December 1997, after Bolger resigned as Prime Minister, Shipley was elected as his replacement unopposed.

Shipley was the first Prime Minister to attend the gay and lesbian Hero Parade. 

Chinatown

Chinatown is the name used for neighborhood in any city outside of China where many Chinese immigrants came to live together. Chinatowns became common in cities around the world after China lost the first Opium War with the British Empire. After China lost, many Chinese people became poor, especially people living in Guangdong province. That was where most of the fighting took place. People from Guangdong went outside of China to look for work. They moved to places like Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, and the United States. When Chinese people moved to these places, they usually lived close together in the city they were staying. These became Chinatowns.

Famous Chinatowns around the world include those in San Francisco, New York City, Singapore and Kuala Lumpur.

Most early immigrants came from provinces of Guangdong and Fujian in southeastern China. The common languages there are Toishanese, Cantonese, Hakka, Teochew, and Hokkien. So, these are common languages in many Chinatowns. Also, since most Chinatowns were created before the Chinese Communist Party took over mainland China, most Chinatowns use traditional Chinese characters. However, both simplified and traditional characters are often seen in Chinatowns in Malaysia.

Battle of Shiroyama

The took place on 24 September 1877, in Kagoshima, Japan. It was the final battle of the Satsuma Rebellion against the Imperial Japanese Army. The battle ended in the death of the Revolt's leader, Saigō Takamori, and the destruction of his army.

Corporal punishment

Corporal punishment (also called physical punishment) is a punishment which is meant to cause physical pain on a person. 

It is or has been used on adults, mostly on prisoners and people who are slaves. It is still used on adults in some countries, such as Singapore, where offenders are beaten with a special cane.

It is most often done on minors (children and teenagers). Common methods include spanking, belting and paddling.

In some parts of the United States, corporal punishment is allowed in schools. At home, corporal punishment is allowed.

Fifty-eight countries, mostly in Europe and Latin America, have banned corporal punishment in the home or at school.

However, according to a 2014 estimate by Human Rights Watch, "Ninety percent of the world's children live in countries where corporal punishment and other physical violence against children is still legal". Many countries' laws provide for a defence of "reasonable chastisement" against charges of assault and other crimes for parents using corporal punishment. In many countries people have decided for themselves to give up corporal punishment long before legislation was enacted. 

Corporal punishment has been shown to cause aggression and behavior problems in some teenagers and children.

Domenico Giannace

Domenico Rocco Giannace (21 September 1924 – 28 March 2019), nicknamed "Mingo", was an Italian politician and trade unionist. He was a member of the Communist Party (PCI). He served as a member of the Regional Council of Basilicata from 1980 to 1985. He was also mayor of Pisticci from 1963 to 1965. In May 2003, Giannace was awarded Officer of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic by President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. He was born in Pisticci, Matera.

Giannace died on 28 March 2019 in Pisticci, at the age of 94.

Glâne District

Glâne District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Romont.

These municipalities are in the district:

Susan Flannery

Susan Flannery (born July 31, 1939) is an American actress and director. She is known for her roles in the daytime dramas "Days of Our Lives" and "The Bold and the Beautiful".

Flannery won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 1975, and again in the 2000s. She also won a Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year.

Flannery was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. She is openly a lesbian.

Gruyère District

Gruyère District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Bulle.

These municipalities are in the district:

Sarine District

Saane District or Sarine District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Fribourg, which is also the capital in the canton of Fribourg.

These municipalities are in the district:

Sense District

Sense District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Tafers.

These municipalities are in the district:

Veveyse District

Veveyse District is a district in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The capital is Châtel-Saint-Denis.

These municipalities are in the district:

Conroe, Texas

Conroe is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. In the year 2020, 89,956 people lived there. The area of the city is 72 sq mi. (186 sq km.).

Nipsey Hussle

Ermias Joseph Asghedom (August 15, 1985 – March 31, 2019), known professionally as Nipsey Hussle (often stylized as Nipsey Hu$$le), was an American rapper. He was born in Los Angeles, California, to an African American mother and an Eritrean father.

He attended Alexander Hamilton High School in the neighborhood Castle Heights. As a teenager, he joined Buttervision, a creative multimedia movement of "Digital Guerrilla" led by Dexter Browne. Asghedom chose the name Nipsey Hussle based comedian Nipsey Russell.

Hussle began his professional music career in the mid-2000’s. In 2005, Hussle independently released his first mixtape, "Slauson Boy Volume 1". He was later signed to Cinematic Music Group and Epic Records.

Hussle has released many other mixtapes, including the "Bullets Ain't Got No Name" series, "The Marathon", "The Marathon Continues" and "Crenshaw". Rapper Jay-Z bought 100 copies of "Crenshaw" for $100 each. 

Hussle's first studio album "Victory Lap" was released in 2018. It debuted at number 4 on the "Billboard" 200 and was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards in 2019. Over a year after its release, the album reached number 2 on the "Billboard" 200 in April 2019. His single "Racks in the Middle" (featuring Roddy Ricch and Hit-Boy) debuted at number 44 on the Hot 100, following his death. The song later peaked at number 26.

On March 31, 2019, Asghedom was shot multiple times outside of his clothing store Marathon Clothing in the Hyde Park neighborhood of South Los Angeles. He was pronounced dead hours later at the age of 33. Eric Holder, a 29-year-old, was charged with murder on April 2.

On the day of his funeral, a portion of Slauson Avenue and Crenshaw Boulevard near Marathon Clothing was renamed to Ermias "Nipsey Hussle" Asghedom Square to honor him and his contributions to the neighborhood.

At the 61st Annual Grammy Awards, in 2020, the song "Racks in the Middle" (featuring Roddy Ricch and Hit-Boy won Best Rap Performance, while the song "Higher" (with DJ Khaled and John Legend) won Best Rap/Sung Performance.

On July 6, 2022, a jury in Los Angeles found Eric Ronald Holder Jr. of murder in the first degree. Holder was also found guilty of two counts of attempted voluntary manslaughter, assault with a firearm and possession of a firearm by a felon. Holder was sentenced on September 15, 2022.

Tania Mallet

Tania Mallet (19 May 1941 – 30 March 2019) was a British model and actress. In 1957, she started working as a model at the age of 16. She was best known for her role as Tilly Masterson in the James Bond movie "Goldfinger" (1964). This was her only movie role.

Mallet was born in Blackpool, Lancashire. Her father was English and her mother was Russian. She was the cousin of the Academy Award-winning actress Helen Mirren.

Mallet died on 30 March 2019, at the age of 77.

Gauss's law for magnetism

In physics, Gauss's law for magnetism is one of the four Maxwell's equations that underlie classical electrodynamics. It was named after Gauss.

Fokker

Fokker was a Dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder Anthony Fokker. The company operated under several different names starting out in 1912 in Schwerin, Germany and moving to the Netherlands in 1919. During its most successful period in the 1920s and 1930s, it dominated the civil aviation market. Fokker went into bankruptcy in 1996 and its operations were sold to competitors.

Since 1967, Fokker built parts for European satellites. Next year the company made the first Dutch satellite ("the Astronomical Netherlands Satellite").


Peter Coleman

William Peter Coleman (15 December 1928 – 31 March 2019) was an Australian writer and politician.

Coleman was a published journalist for over 60 years. He served as editor of "The Bulletin" (1964–1967) and "Quadrant" for 20 years. He wrote 16 books on subjects such as politics and biographies. While still working as an editor and journalist, he had a short but important political career. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1968 to 1978. He served as both as a Minister in the State Cabinet and as Leader of the New South Wales Opposition from 1977 to 1978. He was also the member for Wentworth in the House of Representatives from 1981 to 1987. From 1979 to 1981, he served as Administrator of Norfolk Island. In 2001, Coleman was awarded the Centenary Medal.

Coleman was born in Caulfield, Victoria. He was a graduate of the University of Sydney and the London School of Economics. He was married to Verna Susannah Scott. The couple had three children.

Coleman died on 31 March 2019 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 90 years old.


Ron Elvidge

Ronald Rutherford Elvidge (2 March 1923 – 30 March 2019) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played as a second five-eighth and centre. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, from 1946 to 1950. He played 19 matches for the All Blacks, including seven as captain and nine internationals. He also played for Otago at a provincial level. He was born in Timaru. He later worked as an obstetrician and gynaecologist. After the death of Wally Argus in 2016, Elvidge became the oldest living All Black.

Elvidge died in Auckland on 30 March 2019, at the age of 96.

Rafael Sánchez Ferlosio

Rafael Sánchez Ferlosio (4 December 1927 – 1 April 2019) was a Spanish writer. In 2004, he was awarded the Premio Cervantes for his written work in the Spanish language. He also won a Premio Nadal for his novel "El Jarama" (1955). He helped writing in Spain to become popular again after the Spanish Civil War, along with other young writers such as Juan Goytisolo and Ana María Matute. He later stopped writing for around twenty years. He never said publicly why this was but critics have said it may have been a silent dislike of the Spanish military dictatorship of Francisco Franco.

Sánchez Ferlosio Rome, Lazio, Italy. His mother was Italian. His Spanish father, Rafael Sánchez Mazas (1894–1966), was a nationalist writer and a leader of the Falange. Sánchez Ferlosio was married to writer Carmen Martín Gaite.

Sánchez Ferlosio died in Madrid on 1 April 2019, at the age of 91.

Deo

Deo or DEO may refer to:




Len Fontaine

Leonard Joseph Fontaine (February 25, 1948 – March 25, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a right winger. He played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League (NHL). He was born in Quebec City, Quebec.

Fontaine died on March 25, 2019 at his home in Brigden, Ontario. He was 71.


Kurt Armbruster

Kurt Armbruster (16 September 1934 – 14 March 2019) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a midfielder. At club level, he played for Lausanne-Sport. He also played for Switzerland at the 1966 FIFA World Cup. Armbruster was born in Zürich.

Armbruster died on 14 March 2019, at the age of 84.

Köbi Kuhn

Jakob "Köbi" Kuhn (12 October 1943 – 26 November 2019) was a Swiss football manager and former player. He played as a midfielder. During his club career, he played for Zürich. He captained Zürich to six Swiss Super League titles and five Swiss Cup wins. He played for Switzerland 63 times, scoring five goals. He was part of the 1966 FIFA World Cup squad. He later managed Zürich and Switzerland.

Kuhn was born in Wiedikon, Zürich.

Fritz Künzli

Friedrich "Fritz" Künzli (8 January 1946 – 22 December 2019) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a striker. From 1961 to 1979, he played in 313 matches in the Nationalliga A scoring a record 201 goals. In 1978, he played part of one season in the North American Soccer League. He played for many club sides, including Zürich, and the Switzerland national team. He played two games for Switzerland at the 1966 FIFA World Cup. Künzli was born in Glarus.

Peter Cetera

Peter Paul Cetera (born September 13, 1944) is a retired American singer-songwriter and bassist. He is best known for being an original member of the rock band Chicago from 1967 to 1985, before starting a successful solo career. The Chicago song "If You Leave Me Now" won the band's first Grammy Award and was also their number one single. After leaving Chicago in 1985, his singles, "Glory of Love" and "The Next Time I Fall", reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Glory of Love" was the theme song from the movie "The Karate Kid Part II" (1986). The song was co-written by Cetera, David Foster and Diane Nini. It was also nominated for both an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. He has also worked with musicians such as The Beach Boys, Billy Joel, Karen Carpenter, Paul Anka, Agnetha Fältskog, Richard Sterban, Bonnie Raitt, Madonna, David Gilmour, Az Yet, Cher, Chaka Khan, Crystal Bernard, Ronna Reeves and Alison Krauss.

Cetera was born in Chicago, Illinois. He has been married twice. Both of his marriages ended in divorce. He has two daughters. He lives in Ketchum, Idaho. Cetera announced his retirement in 2019.


David Foster

David Walter Foster (born November 1, 1949) is a Canadian musician, record producer, composer, songwriter and arranger. He produced for many musicians, including Chaka Khan, Alice Cooper, Christina Aguilera, Andrea Bocelli, Toni Braxton, Michael Bublé, Chicago, Natalie Cole, Celine Dion, Kenny G, Josh Groban, Brandy Norwood, Whitney Houston, Jennifer Lopez, Kenny Rogers, Seal, Rod Stewart, Jake Zyrus, Donna Summer, Olivia Newton-John, Madonna, Mary J. Blige, Michael Jackson, Peter Cetera, Cheryl Lynn and Barbra Streisand. Foster has won 16 Grammy Awards from 47 nominations. He served as the chairman of Verve Records from 2012 to 2016.

Foster was born in Victoria, British Columbia. He has been married four times, all ending in divorce. His second wife was actress Linda Thompson, and his fourth wife was Dutch model Yolanda Hadid. He has five daughters, including Amy S. Foster (born 1973), a songwriter and author. Since 2018, he has been engaged to Katharine McPhee of "American Idol" fame.


Rheintal (Wahlkreis)

Rheintal (English: Rhine Valley) is a district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Rorschach (Wahlkreis)

Rorschach is a district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Sarganserland

Sarganserland is a district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

See-Gaster

See-Gaster is a district in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Toggenburg (Wahlkreis)

Toggenburg is a district in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Werner Leimgruber

Werner Fridolin Leimgruber (born 2 September 1934 in Bern) is a former Swiss footballer. He played as a defender for club sides Zürich and Locarno. He was also part of the Switzerland national team and played one game for Switzerland at the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Werdenberg (Wahlkreis)

Werdenberg is a district in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Barbara Jordan

Barbara Jordan (February 21, 1936 – January 17, 1996) was an American lawyer, educator and politician. She was a leader of the Civil Rights Movement. She was a Democrat.

Jordan was the first African-American female elected to the Texas Senate after Reconstruction. She was also the first Southern African-American female elected to the United States House of Representatives. She was best known for her opening statement at the House Judiciary Committee hearing during the impeachment process against Richard Nixon.

Jordan taught political science at the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama for a year. She later returned to Houston. She started a private law practice.

Jordan got a Presidential Medal of Freedom, with many other honors. She was a member of the Peabody Awards' Board of Jurors from 1978 to 1980. She was the first African American female who was buried at the Texas State Cemetery.

Jordan worked as the chair of the United States Commission Reform. The Chair recommended reducing legal immigration by one-third. This work is often cited by American restriction members.

Jordan was born in Houston, Texas. She died due to complications of pneumonia at age 59 in Austin.


Jean-Claude Schindelholz

Jean-Claude Henri Schindelholz (born 11 October 1940) is a Swiss former footballer. He played as a striker. At club level, he played for FC Moutier, Servette FC (1963–1971) and Vevey-Sports (1971–1973). He also played for the Switzerland national team. He played one game for Switzerland at the 1966 FIFA World Cup. Schindelholz was born in Courrendlin.

Curl

In vector calculus, the curl is a vector operator that describes the infinitesimal rotation of a vector field in three-dimensional Euclidean space. At every point in the field, the curl of that point is represented by a vector. Curl is an extension of torque. 

Given a vector field formula_1, the curl of formula_1 can be written as formula_3 or formula_4, where formula_5 is the gradient and formula_6 is the cross product operation.


Mohamad Chatah

Mohamad Chatah (; 7 March 1951 – 27 December 2013) was a Lebanese economist and diplomat. He served as Ambassador to the United States from 1997 to 2000. He was also Minister of Finance from 2008 to 2009. He was born in Tripoli. He was a Sunni Muslim.

On 27 December 2013, Chatah was killed in a bombing in central Beirut. His killing was called a terrorist attack and an assassination.

Grabs

Grabs is a municipality in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Le Pâquier

Le Pâquier is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Cooper, Texas

Cooper is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Delta County.

Newberry County, South Carolina

Newberry County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 37,719 people lived there. Its county seat is Newberry.

Rheineck

Rheineck is a municipality in Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Mels

Mels is a municipality in Sarganserland in the Seez Valley, canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.


Bad Ragaz

Bad Ragaz is a municipality in Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

There is a natural spring in Bad Ragaz and it is a popular spa and health resort destination.


Jane Smiley

Jane Smiley (born September 26, 1949) is an American novelist. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. That was in 1992 for her book "A Thousand Acres" (1991).
Smiley published her first novel, "Barn Blind", in 1980. She won a 1985 O. Henry Award for her short story "Lily". "Lily" was published in the "Atlantic Monthly".

Smiley was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 2001. She participated in the annual "Los Angeles Times" Festival of Books, the National Book Festival and several others. She won PEN USA's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006.

Smiley's most recent books are a trilogy of novels about an Iowa family over the course of generations. The first book of the trilogy, "Some Luck" was published in 2014 by Random House. The second volume was in the spring of 2015. The third volume was in the fall of 2015.

Smiley was born near Los Angeles, California. She was raised next to St. Louis, Missouri.

Smiley received the Fitzgerald Award for American Achievement in 2006.

Sinéad Cusack

Sinéad Cusack (born Jane Moira Cusack; 18 February 1948) is an award-winning Irish movie, stage and television actress. Her first acting roles were at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin, Ireland. She moved to London in 1975 to join Royal Shakespeare Company.

Cusack won the Critic's Circle and Evening Standard Awards for "Our Lady of Sligo". She received two Tony Award nominations: one for Best Leading Actress in "Much Ado About Nothing" (1985). She received the other nomination for Best Featured Actress in "Rock 'n' Roll" (2008).

Cusack acted in many movies. She played Diana Grayson in the 1996 romantic drama movie "Stealing Beauty" She played a mother in "The Cement Garden" in 1993. Also in 1993, she played Ellie McAllister in the comedy-drama movie "Bad Behaviour".

Cusack was also on television. She played Sybil in the 2011 TV series "Camelot". She played one half of a couple in the BBC sitcom "Home Again". She won the RTS Award for Best Actress for her role in "Have Your Cake and Eat It".

Cusack was born in Dublin, Ireland.

Cusack married actor Jeremy Irons in 1978. They have two sons.

Rubén Blades

Rubén Blades Bellido de Luna (born July 16, 1948) is a Panamanian singer-songwriter, actor, musician, activist and politician. He performs most often in the Afro-Cuban, salsa and Latin jazz genres.

Blades has won eight Grammy Awards and five Latin Grammy Awards.

Blades' acting career began in 1982. It has continued with several-year breaks in between. His first acting role was "The Last Fight. Other movies include "Crossover Dreams" (1985), "The Milagro Beanfield War" (1988) and "Color of Night" (1994).

Blades was given the Harry Chapin Humanitarian Award by ASCAP and WhyHunger in June 2011.

Blades' album "Tangos" won a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album in 2015.

Blades played with the Costa Rican band Editus on his albums "Tiempos" and "Mundo".

Blades was born in Panama City, Panama.

Abbey Theatre

The Abbey Theatre (also called the National Theatre of Ireland) is one of Ireland's leading cultural institutions. This theatre is in Dublin, Ireland. It was first opened to the public on 27 December 1904.

The theatre lost its original building to a fire on July 18, 1951. However, in July 1966, the Abbey got a new building.

The Abbey was a nursery for many leading Irish playrights, like William Butler Yeats, Lady Gregory and John Millington Synge. 

Augusta, Lady Gregory

Isabella Augusta Persse (better known as Lady Gregory; 15 March 1852 – 22 May 1932) was an Irish dramatist, folklorist and theatre manager. With William Butler Yeats and Edward Martyn, she co-founded the Irish Literary Theatre and Abbey Theatre. She wrote many short works for both companies. 

Lady Gregory produced quite a few books of retellings of stories taken from the Irish mythology.

Lady Gregory retired due to ill health in 1928.

Lady Gregory was born in Roxborough, County Galway, Ireland. She died from breast cancer at age 80.

Olavi Mannonen

Olavi Aleksanteri "Ole" Mannonen (7 March 1930 – 17 March 2019) was a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the team event in 1952 and 1956 and an individual silver in 1956. He also won an individual silver at the 1955 World Championships. In his country, he won the Finnish title in 1953 and 1956, finishing second in 1952, 1955 and 1960. He was selected as the best Finnish modern pentathlete of the year in 1952–53 and 1955–56. Mannonen worked for the local mounted police from 1952, becoming its head in 1971, until retiring in 1990. He was born in Viipuri.

Mannonen died in Helsinki after a long illness on 17 March 2019. He was 89.


List of cities in Alberta

This is an alphabetical list of cities in the Province of Alberta in Canada.

J. Mahendran

J. Mahendran (; 25 July 1939 – 2 April 2019) was an Indian movie director, screenwriter and actor. He was active in Tamil cinema. He was best known directing and writing the movies "Mullum Malarum" (1978), "Uthiripookkal" (1979) and "Nenjathai Killathe" (1980). "Nenjathai Killathe" won the 1980 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.

Mahendran was born in Ilaiyangudi, Madras Presidency. His son, John Mahendran, is a movie director and screenwriter in Tamil and Telugu cinema.

Mahendran died on 2 April 2019, at the age of 79.

Francisco Massiani

Francisco Massiani (2 April 1944 – 1 April 2019) was a Venezuelan writer and painter. His first novel, "Piedra de mar", has been a bestseller since it first came out in 1968. The book is a coming-of-age story about a middle class teenager in Caracas. He published many short stories and poetry collections. In 2012, he won the National Prize for Literature. Massiani was born in Caracas.

Massiani died in Caracas on 1 April 2019, the day before his 75th birthday.

Sally Jessy Raphael

Sally Lowenthal (born February 25, 1935), better known as Sally Jessy Raphael, is an American former talk show host. She is best-known for her talk show "Sally" (also called "The Sally Jessy Raphael Show"). 

Raphael's show aired from October 1983 to May 2002. The show covered marriage problems, out-of-control teenagers, pregnant teens and controversial topics.

Raphael won an Emmy Award for her show during the late 1980s. She was nominated again in 1990.

Raphael was born in Easton, Pennsylvania.

Vonda N. McIntyre

Vonda Neel McIntyre (August 28, 1948 – April 1, 2019) was an American author. She wrote science fiction. Her best known novels include "Dreamsnake" (1978), "Barbary" (1986) and "The Moon and the Sun" (1997). She also wrote many "Star Trek" novelizations. She won three Nebula Awards and a Hugo Award. Robert A. Heinlein's 1982 book "Friday" was in part dedicated to McIntyre. She was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

McIntyre died of pancreatic cancer on April 1, 2019 in Seattle, Washington. She was 70. 


Barrie Hole

Barrington Gerard "Barrie" Hole (16 September 1942 – 25 March 2019) was a Welsh professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for Welsh clubs Cardiff City and Swansea City. He also played for English sides Blackburn Rovers and Aston Villa. He had 30 caps for Wales between 1963 and 1971. His first game for Wales was against Northern Ireland, and his last match was against Romania.

Hole was born in Swansea. After retiring from football, he ran a newspaper shop before selling it in 2004. He died in 2019, at the age of 76.

Pete Rose

Peter Edward Rose Sr. (born April 14, 1941), also known by his nickname "Charlie Hustle", is an American former professional baseball player and manager. He played in Major League Baseball from 1963 to 1986. He managed from 1984 to 1989. The Electric Clam Festival did not happen because of Corona.

Rose won three World Series rings, three batting titles, one Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award and one Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award.

On April 20, 1990, Rose pleaded guilty to two charges of filing income tax returns. On July 19, he was sentenced to five months in the medium security prison camp in Marion, Illinois. He was fined $50,000. He was released on January 7, 1991. 

Rose was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Kit Napier

Christopher Robin Anthony "Kit" Napier (26 September 1943 – 31 March 2019) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as a forward. He scored 119 goals from 379 appearances in the Football League. He played for the Football League clubs Blackpool, Preston North End, Workington, Newcastle United, Brighton & Hove Albion and Blackburn Rovers.

Napier was born in Dunblane, Perthshire. He died in 2019, at the age of 75.

Kate Miller-Heidke

Kate Miller-Heidke (born 16 November 1981) is an Australian singer-songwriter and actress. She has five studio albums. She is known for her singles "The Last Day on Earth" and "Caught in the Crowd". She is classically trained, but she has followed a career in alternative pop music. She was signed to Sony in Australia, Epic in the US and RCA in the UK, but is now an independent artist. She represented her country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 in Tel Aviv, Israel, finishing ninth overall.

Miller-Heidke was born in Brisbane, Queensland. She is married to musician and songwriter Keir Nuttall. The couple have a son.


Norman Thomas Gilroy

Sir Norman Thomas Gilroy (22 January 1896 – 21 October 1977) was an Australian archbishop. He was the first Australian-born cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He became a priest in 1923. He was Archbishop of Sydney from 1940 until his retirement in 1971. He was became a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1969. He was the first Roman Catholic cardinal to have been given a knighthood since the English Reformation. In 1970, he was named Australian of the Year. He was born in Glebe, an inner-western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales.

Gilroy died on 21 October 1977 in Lewisham, New South Wales, at the age of 81.


Dimitar Dobrev

Dimitar Dimitrov Dobrev (; 14 April 1931 – 1 April 2019) was a Bulgarian wrestler. He won the silver medal in the middleweight division of Greco-Roman wrestling at 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He also won the gold medal in the same division at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. In 1960, he was Bulgarian Sportsperson of the Year. He was born in Ezerche.

Dobrev died on 1 April 2019, at the age of 87.


Don Williamson

Donald J. Williamson (February 2, 1934 – April 2, 2019) was an American businessman and politician. He served as mayor of Flint, Michigan from 2003 to 2009. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born and grew up in Flint. Williamson was married to Patsy Lou and had four children.

Williamson died of problems from a respiratory illness on April 2, 2019. He was 85.

Antonio Permunian

Antonio Permunian (15 August 1930 – 5 March 2020) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He played for club sides Bellinzona and Luzern. He played for Switzerland from 1955 to 1962. He played for his country at the 1962 FIFA World Cup.

Permunian was born in Bellinzona. He died in his hometown in 2019 at the age of 89.

Willy Kernen

Wilhelm "Willy" Kernen (6 August 1929 – 12 November 2009) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a defender. He played for La Chaux-de-Fonds, winning two Swiss league titles and five Swiss Cups. He was in the Switzerland squad at the 1950, 1954 and 1962 FIFA World Cups. Kernen was born in La Chaux-de-Fonds.

Kernen died on 12 November 2009 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, at the age of 80.

Space flight simulation game

A space flight simulation game is a part of flight simulator video games. It may be three types:

Realistic space simulators try to copy the behaviour of a vessel under the laws of physics.

For example, the "Orbiter" follows the Newton's laws of motion. However, it has fictional spacecraft to try those.

The "Space Shuttle Mission 2007" simulates the behaviour of the Space Shuttle.

Michael Stipe

John Michael Stipe (born January 4, 1960) is an American singer-songwriter. He is best known as the lead singer of the alternative rock band R.E.M. from 1980 until their split in 2011. The band was very popular, and won many awards, including three Grammy Awards, two Billboard Music Awards, 12 MTV Video Music Awards and three Brit Awards. As a member of R.E.M., he was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007. As a singer-songwriter, he has had a creative effect on many artists, including Kurt Cobain of Nirvana and Thom Yorke of Radiohead.

Stipe was born in Decatur, Georgia. Stipe has stated that he is queer.


Bill Berry

William Thomas Berry (born July 31, 1958) is an American former musician. He was the drummer for the alternative rock band R.E.M. from 1980 until he left the music industry in 1997. Although known for his drumming, he also played many other instruments, including guitar, bass guitar and piano. He was also a songwriter for the band. He became a farmer after leaving the music industry. He made many reunions with R.E.M. after leaving.

Berry was born in Duluth, Minnesota. In 1995, he had a brain aneurysm while performing with R.E.M. in Lausanne, Switzerland. He made a recovery. He and his girlfriend have a son, born in 2003.

Oconee County, South Carolina

Oconee County is the westernmost county in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 78,607. Its county seat is Walhalla.

Walhalla, South Carolina

Walhalla is a city in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is the county seat of Oconee County.

Hedi Turki

Hedi Turki (15 May 1922 – 31 March 2019) was a Tunisian artist. He was thought to have been an important figure of abstract painting in Tunisia. He was an influential member of the School of Tunis. He was born in Tunis and was of Turkish origin. In 1959, he traveled for three months in the United States, where he discovered the abstract art at Columbia University. 

From 1963 to his retirement in 1985, he taught art at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Tunis. He continued to travel, study and, work during his career, particularly in England (1971), Nigeria (1977) and the United States (1979).

Turki died on 31 March 2019 in Tunis, aged 96.

Bürglen

Bürglen can refer to several places in Switzerland:


Noureddine Bedoui

Noureddine Bedoui (; born 22 December 1959) is an Algerian politician. He was the 17th Prime Minister of Algeria from 11 March 2019 until 19 December 2019.

Abdelkader Bensalah

Abdelkader Bensalah (, 24 November 1941 – 22 September 2021) was an Algerian politician. He was the President of the Council of the Nation from 2002 to 2019. On 2 April 2019, he became the Acting President of Algeria following the resignation of Abdelaziz Bouteflika.

Bensalah died on 22 September 2021 from COVID-19 and cancer-related problems at a hospital in Algiers, Algeria at the age of 79. 

Jenna Fischer

Regina Marie Fischer (born March 7, 1974), better known as Jenna Fischer, is an American actress. She was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana, but was raised in St. Louis, Missouri. Fischer is best known for her role as Pam Beesly on the NBC sitcom "The Office".

Bev Clarno

Beverly A. "Bev" Clarno (born March 1936) is an American Republican politician. She was the 27th Oregon Secretary of State from being appointed on March 31, 2019 following Dennis Richardson's death until January 4, 2021. She became Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives in 1995. She left the office on 1997.

Clarno was born in Langlois, Oregon.

Sudarat Keyuraphan

Sudarat Keyuraphan (, ; born 1 May 1961) is a Thai politician. She is chairwoman of Pheu Thai Party's strategic committee. She was a Member of Parliament. She had been nominated as her party's prime minister candidate for 2019 Thai general election. 

Longmont, Colorado

Longmont is a Home Rule Municipality in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is in the northern part of the state. It is northeast of Boulder. At the 2020 United States census, there were 98,885 people living in Longmont.

2019–20 Premier League

The 2019–20 Premier League was the 28th season of the Premier League, the top English professional league for association football clubs, since its establishment in 1992. The 2019-20 season started on 10 August 2019 and ended on 26 July 2020. It is the first Premier League season to have a mid-season break and also the first season to use VAR. Liverpool won the league (their first Premier League title and 19th English top flight title).


Bear Valley, Alpine County, California

Bear Valley is a city in Alpine County, California. At the 2010 census, 121 people lived there. It is known for its ski resort. 

List of cities in Ontario

A city is a subtype of municipalities in the Canadian province of Ontario. A city can have the municipal status of either a single-tier or lower-tier municipality. Prior to 2003, Ontario had minimum population thresholds of 15,000 and 25,000 for city status. Minimum population thresholds are no longer necessary for a municipality to brand itself as a city.


List of towns in Quebec

This is the list of communities in Quebec that have the legal status of city ("ville", code=V) as defined by the Ministry of Municipal Affairs, Regions and Land Occupancy.

Note that although the terms "city" and "town" are both used in the category name because of common English usage, Quebec does not contain any cities under the current law; this list thus includes all "villes", regardless of whether they are referred to as cities or towns by English speakers.

"Notes:"

Kim Dotcom

Kim Dotcom (born Kim Schmitz; 21 January 1974), also known as Kimble and Kim Tim Jim Vestor, is a German-Finnish Internet entrepreneur and political activist. He lives in Queenstown, New Zealand. Dotcom is the founder of the former file hosting service Megaupload (2005–2012). In 2012, the United States Department of Justice seized Megaupload and pressed charges against Dotcom. The charges included criminal copyright infringement, money laundering, racketeering and wire fraud. His house was raided and New Zealand police arrested him. Dotcom posted bail, and is now going through long legal issues to stop himself from being extradited to the United States. He started another service, Mega, in 2013. He left Mega in 2015.

Dotcom started and funded the New Zealand political party, the Internet Party in 2014. The party's registration was cancelled in 2018.

Dotcom was born in Kiel, West Germany. His mother was Finnish, and his father was German. He changed his surname from "Schmitz" to "Dotcom" in 2005. He has been married twice, and has five children.

Isaiah Firebrace

Isaiah Firebrace (born 21 November 1999) is an Australian singer. He won the eighth season of "The X Factor Australia" in 2016. He then represented his country at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2017 with the song "Don't Come Easy". He finished 9th in the contest. In 2016, he released his first studio album, "Isaiah". It peaked at number 12 on the ARIA Charts.

Firebrace was born in Portland, Victoria. He grew up in Moama, New South Wales. He is an Indigenous Australian.


Anton Allemann

Anton "Toni" Allemann (6 January 1936 – 3 August 2008) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Young Boys, Mantova, Eindhoven, Nürnberg, Grasshoppers, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Solothurn and Schaffhausen. He played 27 games for the national team, scoring nine goals. He played for Switzerland at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Solothurn.

Allemann died from a heart attack on 3 August 2008 in Klosters. He was 72.

United Nations Secretariat Building

The United Nations Secretariat Building is a tall skyscraper. It is the most important building in the headquarters of the United Nations. The building is in the Turtle Bay in Midtown Manhattan. Midtown Manhattan is an area of Manhattan in New York City. The land where the building is located is considered United Nations territory. Even so, the land is still part of the United States.

A ceremony to celebrate the start of the building construction took place on September 14, 1948. Four companies from Manhattan and Queens were selected to construct the Building. The construction cost is around $30 million.

The Secretariat Building has 39 stories and was completed in 1952. The Building was designed by the Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer and the Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier. Secretariat Building is linked to another building called the Conference Building to the north. The Conference Building houses the United Nations General Assembly and the United Nations Security Council. The Secretrait building is also linked to a library building to the south.

The Secretariat Building was renovated in 2010s. The renovation started in May 2010. The building reopened in phases starting in July 2012.

On October 29, 2012, there was flooding in the basement of the building. This is due to Hurricane Sandy. The flood caused a three-day closure of the building and some offices were moved to other locations.



Rauf Denktaş

Rauf Raif Denktaş, sometimes Rauf Denktash in English, (27 January 192413 January 2012) was a Turkish Cypriot politician. He was the first President of Northern Cyprus from 1983 to 2005. Before becoming president he was the second Vice President of the republic of Cyprus.

On 13 January 2012, Denktaş died from Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome aged 88.

Felix Hoffmann

Felix Hoffmann (21 January 1868 – 8 February 1946) was a German chemist who invented aspirin.
Felix Hoffmann was born on 21 January 1868 in Ludwigsburg, Germany.

He started studying chemistry at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich to study pharmacy and ended it in 1890. In 1891 he graduated from the University of Munich. Two years later he earned his doctorate. In 1894, he joined Bayer as a research chemist.

Banh mi

Bánh mì is a Vietnamese sandwich. The word bánh mì literally means "bread" in Vietnamese, but it can also mean "sandwich", since sandwiches are made of bread. It often has ingredients such as herbs, meats, vegetables and sauces that are often found in Vietnam. It is a food that was created because of French influence in Vietnam. When Vietnam was part of the colony French Indochina, French colonists taught the Vietnamese how to make bread. Unlike French bread, bánh mì has rice flour in it.

In Vietnamese, bánh is a word that refers to baked goods and mì means "wheat".

Back then, wheat flour had to be imported from Europe so it was very expensive. Some people mixed it with rice flour, which was cheaper because it was made in the country. The rice flour also made the bread fluffier. This was how Vietnamese bánh mì was made.

After the Vietnam War, many Vietnamese refugees moved to other countries and opened up bánh mì shops.

A Vietnamese bánh mì sandwich is made of bread and fillings.

A bánh mì might have pork in it.

Picked carrot and radish, jalapeno, cucumber, and cilantro are some vegetables put into bánh mì.

Some sauces put into bánh mì are mayonnaise and liver pâté.

Northwestern China

Northwestern China is made up of Shaanxi, Gansu, and Qinghai Provinces and Ningxia and Xinjiang Autonomous Regions. It is China's poorest and driest region. It is also where most of China's Muslims live. The largest city in the region is Xi'an, the capital of of Shaanxi Province. Northwest China is where the Silk Road used to be. Food in Northwest China is often made of mutton, beef, spices, and wheat.

Aqaba

Aqaba is a city in Jordan. It is the only city on Jordan's coast. For this reason, it is a very important port city for the country. It is also the largest city on the Gulf of Aqaba. During World War I, T. E. Lawrence led Arab rebels across the Arabian Desert to attack and capture the city, which was controlled by the Ottoman Empire then. This was known as the Battle of Aqaba.

Excavations in Aqaba show that people have lived in Aqaba since 4000 BC. It had a thriving copper production industry. Copper is the main constituent of the alloy bronze, the key metal for making weapons during the bronze age. 

Aqaba is the only coastal city in Jordan. It is the largest city among all the cities of the Gulf of Aqaba. It is located in the far south of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan on the coast of the Red Sea, and is the center of the Aqaba Governorate. The city is about 330 kilometers south of the Jordanian capital, Amman. It is the fifth largest city in the Kingdom with population estimations at 150,000 people. The city covers an area of 375 square kilometers (144.8 sq mi). Aqaba plays a major role in the Jordanian economy. 

The port of Aqaba is an important sea crossing port for other countries neighboring Jordan. Because of its strategic location at the top of the northeastern Gulf of Aqaba branching from the Red Sea, which mediates the trade routes between the continents of Asia and Africa; All this has made Aqaba and its sea port an important area for thousands of years. 

Aqaba also has a land border with Haql city in Saudi Arabia just across Al-Durra borderline, and a maritime border with both Egypt and the city of Eilat through the Wadi Araba crossing. Both cities are located at the head of the Gulf of Aqaba. 

Aqaba is famous for being an attractive area for divers, with its beaches overlooking the Red Sea. The city includes many important industrial facilities, free trade zones, and King Hussein International Airport. It is an important administrative center in the far south of Jordan area, and only export point of phosphate. . 

Aiken, South Carolina

Aiken is a city in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is the county seat of Aiken County.

Philippi, West Virginia

Philippi (pronounced 'FILL-uh-pea') is a city in — and the county seat of — Barbour County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 2,929 at the 2020 census.

Barbour County, West Virginia

Barbour County is a county in north-central West Virginia, USA. At the 2020 census, 15,465 people lived there. The county seat is Philippi.

Lewisburg, West Virginia

Lewisburg is a city in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 3,922 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Greenbrier County.

Orangeburg County, South Carolina

Orangeburg County is a county in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 84,223 people lived there. Its county seat is Orangeburg. The county was formed in 1769.

Orangeburg County comprises Orangeburg, SC Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Columbia-Orangeburg-Newberry Combined Statistical Area. It is located in the Midlands region of South Carolina.

Pickens County, South Carolina

Pickens County is a county in the northwest part of the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 census, its population was 131,404. Its county seat is Pickens. The county was created in 1826.

Saluda County, South Carolina

Saluda County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 18,862 people lived there. Its county seat is Saluda.

Bobby Cox

Robert Joseph Cox (born May 21, 1941) is an American former professional baseball third baseman and manager in Major League Baseball (MLB). He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He is a two-time World Series champion. He played for the New York Yankees from 1968 to 1969.

He first led the Atlanta Braves from 1978 to 1981, and then managed the Toronto Blue Jays from 1982 to 1985. He later rejoined the Braves in 1986 as a general manager. Cox retired in 2010.

He holds the all-time record for ejections in Major League Baseball with 158 (plus an additional three post-season ejections.

In 2014, he was added to the Baseball Hall of Fame. In 2019, the International League announced that Cox would be inducted into its hall of fame, noting especially his managerial experience with the Chiefs.

Michael E. Busch

Michael Erin Busch (January 4, 1947 – April 7, 2019) was an American Democratic politician. He was the Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates from January 8, 2003 until his death on April 7, 2019. 

Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Busch had been a member of the House since 1987. He represented District 30A, which is made-up of Anne Arundel County, including the state capital of Annapolis.

Busch died at a hospital in Baltimore from problems caused by pneumonia following liver surgery on April 7, 2019, aged 72.


Leetsch C. Hsu

Xu Lizhi (; 23 September 1920 – 11 March 2019), better known as Leetsch Charles (L. C.) Hsu, was a Chinese mathematician and educator. He co-founded the Department of Mathematics of Jilin University and founded the Institute of Applied Mathematics and the "Journal of Mathematical Research with Applications" at the Dalian University of Technology. 

With American mathematician Henry W. Gould, he created the Gould and Hsu Matrix Inversion Formula in 1973. His original name was Xu Quanyong (徐泉涌).

Hsu died in Beijing on 11 March 2019, at the age of 98.

Spartanburg County, South Carolina

Spartanburg County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of 2020 census, 327,997 people lived there, which makes it the fifth-most populous county in South Carolina. Its county seat is Spartanburg.

Williamsburg County, South Carolina

Williamsburg County is a county in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 31,026 people lived there. Its county seat is Kingstree.

Briny Breezes, Florida

Briny Breezes is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of the 2020 census, 502 people lived there. It is a mobile home park with an area of only .

Aleksey Buldakov

Aleksey Ivanovich Buldakov (; 26 March 1951 – 3 April 2019) was a Soviet and Russian movie actor. He is best known for his roles in movies such as "The Guard" (1990), "Peculiarities of the National Hunt" (1995) and "Hitler Goes Kaput!" (2008). He was named People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 2009. He was born in the Makarovka village of Klyuchevsky District, Altai Krai.

On 3 April 2019, Buldakov died of a blood clot in Ulaanbaatar, the capital city of Mongolia. He was 68.

Harmony Korine

Harmony Korine (born January 4, 1973) is an American movie director, screenwriter, and actor, best known for writing "Kids" (1995), directed by Larry Clark. He then went on to both write and direct the movies "Gummo" (1997), "" (1999), "" (2007), "" (2009), "Spring Breakers" (2012) and "" (2019). He also wrote the drama movie "Ken Park" (2002), also directed by Clark.

Korine was born in Bolinas, California on January 4, 1973. He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee. He is Jewish.

Korine has been married to actress Rachel Korine ("née" Simon) since 2007. The couple have a daughter, Lefty Bell.


Rachel Korine

Rachel Anna Korine ("née" Simon; born April 4, 1986) is an American actress. She is married to director and screenwriter Harmony Korine. She is best known for starring in her husband's crime movie "Spring Breakers" (2012). She has also starred in the movies "Mister Lonely" (2007), "Trash Humpers" (2009), "Septien" (2011) and "Men Go to Battle" (2015). She played Junia in the Cinemax drama TV series "The Knick" from 2014 to 2015.

Korine was born in Nashville, Tennessee. She has been married to Harmony Korine since 2007. The couple have a daughter, Lefty Bell.

Philippe Pottier

Philippe Pottier (9 July 1938 – 22 September 1985) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for club sides La Chaux-de-Fonds, Stade Français, Angers, Servette and Étoile Carouge. He played 16 games for the national team. He played for Switzerland at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Monthey.

Pottier died on 22 September 1985, at the age of 47.

Charles Antenen

Charles "Kiki" Antenen (3 November 1929 – 20 May 2000) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a forward. He played for La Chaux-de-Fonds, winning three Swiss league titles and six Swiss Cups. He also played one season for Lausanne Sports in 1952–1953. He was in the Switzerland squad at the 1950, 1954 and 1962 FIFA World Cups. He was born in La Chaux-de-Fonds.

Antenen died on 20 May 2000 in Les Bayards, at the age of 70.


David Pearce (boxer)

David "Bomber" Pearce (8 May 1959 – 20 May 2000) was a British professional boxer. He was a heavyweight and cruiserweight. He won the Welsh and British heavyweight boxing titles in September 1983. He won the titles in a bout against Neville Meade. Of his 22 bouts, he won 17 (13 by knockout), lost four and drew once. He retired from boxing due to medical reasons. He was born in Pillgwenlly, Newport, Monmouthshire.

Pearce had epilepsy in his final years. He died of sudden arrhythmic death syndrome on 20 May 2000, at the age of 41.

William Monahan

William J. Monahan (born November 3, 1960) is an American screenwriter, movie director and author. He wrote the satirical novel "" (2000). He then went on to write screenplays. Some of his these include "Kingdom of Heaven" (2005), "The Departed" (2005), "Body of Lies" (2008), "Edge of Darkness" (2010) and "The Gambler" (2014). "The Departed" won him a Writers Guild of America Award and Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He also wrote and directed "London Boulevard" (2010) and "Mojave" (2015). He has also written for magazine "Maxim".

Monahan was born in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.

Angela's Ashes

Angela's Ashes is a 1999 British and American historical drama movie. It is based on a memoir of the same name by Frank McCourt. It was co-produced between the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland.

The movie is set in and around Limerick. However, many scenes were filmed in Cork.

"Angela's Ashes" had a $25 million budget. But it only made $13,042,112 in the United States. That made the movie a box office bomb.

The movie has a 52% "rotten" rating on the Rotten Tomatoes. However, the audience rated the movie at 82%.

Roger Ebert gave "Angela's Ashes" two and a half stars. 


John Farnham

John Peter Farnham (born 1 July 1949) is an English-born Australian singer.

Farnham was born in Dagenham, Essex, United Kingdom. In 1959, his family moved to Australia to live in Melbourne, Victoria.

Farnham was a teen pop idol from 1967 until 1979, known as Johnny Farnham. He then went on to have a very popular career as an adult popular music singer. In his career, he has mostly been as a solo artist. However, from 1982 to 1985, he was the lead singer of the rock band Little River Band. He has been called one of his country's best-known and most popular musical performer. In September 1986, his solo single "You're the Voice" was released. It peaked at No. 1 on the Australian singles charts. The song was also No. 1 on Sweden's Sverigetopplistan and on West Germany's Official German Charts. He has also performed on stage with lead roles in Australian productions of "Charlie Girl", "Pippin" and "Jesus Christ Superstar" (1992).

In 1987, Farnham was named Australian of the Year. In 1996, he was made an Officer of the Order of Australia. He has also won a total of 19 ARIA Awards.

Farnham is married to Jillian Billman. The couple have two sons. He is a supporter of the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League.

In August 2022, Farnham was diagnosed with cancer and had surgery to treat it.


Marcel Mauron

Marcel Mauron (25 March 1929 – 21 January 2022) was a Swiss footballer and manager. He played as a forward. He played for clubs such as Young Fellows Juventus, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Servette, Neuchâtel Xamax and Grenchen. He also played for Switzerland at the 1954 FIFA World Cup.

Mauron died on 21 January 2022, at the age of 92.

Alcor

Alcor is a cryonics company that freezes dead people or animals. People do that in hope that, in the future when medicine becomes better, they can have life again, solve their health problems and have eternal life.

Roger Vonlanthen

Roger Vonlanthen (born 5 December 1930 in Lancy) is a Swiss former footballer and manager. He played as a forward. During his club career he played for Grasshoppers (1951–55), Inter Milan (1955–57), Alessandria (1957–59) and Lausanne (1959–66). He played 27 times and scored 8 goals for the Switzerland national team from 1954 to 1966. He played for Switzerland in two World Cups (1954 and 1962). Later he became a manager with Servette, Lausanne and Chênois. He was also the manager of Switzerland from 1977 to 1979.

Broad Front (Uruguay)

The Broad Front (, FA) is a Uruguayan centre-left to left-wing coalition of political parties. 

Frente Amplio has close ties with PIT-CNT trade union and the cooperative housing movement. It has been the governing party of Uruguay since 2005. Presidents Tabaré Vázquez and José Mujica are members of the party.

Frente Amplio was a coalition of more than a dozen leftist parties and movements.It was founded in 1971. Its first president was General Liber Seregni. he was also the front's first candidate for the Presidency of Uruguay. The front was declared illegal during the 1973 military "coup d'état". However, it emerged again in 1984 when democracy was restored in Uruguay.

In 1994 Progressive Encounter (Encuentro Progresista) was formed by several minor independent factions. Then the EP and FA started contesting elections jointly. They used the name "Encuentro Progresista - Frente Amplio". Later Nuevo Espacio became linked to the front. After that, it started contesting elections as "Encuentro Progresista - Frente Amplio - Nueva Mayoria".

In 2005 Progressive Encounter and New Majority (essentially Nuevo Espacio) merged into the front, and the coalition took the name of "Frente Amplio". Previously, Progressive Encounter and New Majority had been separate organizations.

The alliance is formed by:

Starting with the election of Luis Alberto Lacalle of the National Party in 1989, an economic reform began. 

The reform was designed to modernize the country. However this led to a devaluing of the peso and laws protecting banking secrecy. This secrecy lead to Uruguayan banks becoming a place to launder money from drug and other illegal businesses. 

By the turn of the century, half the nation had to survive in the informal economy. In 2002, the economic crisis of Brazil and Argentina spread to Uruguay. This crisis was caused by the lack of productive power. In August of that year, the nation received 1.5 billion US dollars from the IMF to try and help with the crisis. The ruling Colorado Party’s response to the crisis was to flood police into the poorer neighborhoods. This was the state of the nation when the Broad Front began campaigning for the 2004 election.

The party's victorious 2004 campaign was the first time in the history of Uruguay which a left-leaning party gained majority. There are two major reasons the party took power in 2004. The first reason was that there was a obvious movement towards more moderate policies, and the other reason was that the front's support of an increased welfare state created a bond with working-class people.

Turf Moor

Turf Moor is a football stadium in Burnley, Lancashire, England. It is the home ground of Premier League club Burnley Football Club, who have played there since moving from its Calder Vale ground in 1883. The stadiumis on Harry Potts Way. The road is named after the club's longest serving manager. The official capacity is 21,944.


Tim Ryan 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Tim Ryan, a representative of Ohio in the U.S. Congress, began on April 4, 2019, when Ryan announced he was running in the Democratic primaries.

On October 24, 2019 Ryan dropped out of the election citing low polling numbers and lack of qualifications for the debates.

Mpaka

Mpaka is a town in eastern central Eswatini in western Lubombo District. It lies about northwest of Siteki on the MR3 highway.

Arbitrary code execution

In computer security, Arbitrary Code Execution is something that allows executing code without permission. A good example is cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks which inject client-side scripts into a webpage such as the self-retweeting tweet on TweetDeck.

On June 11, 2014, user @derGeruhn tweeted:
<script class="xss">$('.xss').parents().eq(1).find('a).eq(1).click();$('[data-action=retweet]').click();alert('XSS in Tweetdeck')</script>♥
Everyone who saw the tweet retweeted it automatically. It also displayed an alert saying "XSS in Tweetdeck". Because TweetDeck didn't have any precautionary measures, it only worked for TweetDeck users and the code was only showed and executed for them. The only thing Twitter users saw was the heart. It got 83 thousand retweets before it was fixed.

Corsicana, Texas

Corsicana is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Navarro County.

Mason, Texas

Mason is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Mason County.

Cotulla, Texas

Cotulla is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of La Salle County.

Crockett, Texas

Crockett is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Crosbyton, Texas

Crosbyton is a city in and the county seat of Crosby County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,492 at the 2020 census.

Richmond, Texas

Richmond is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Fort Bend County.

Crowell, Texas

Crowell is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Foard County.

Bobby Clarke

Robert Earle Clarke (born August 13, 1949), also known as Bob Clarke (since retirement as a player) and Bobby Clarke (while active as a player), is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played his entire 15-year National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Philadelphia Flyers and is currently an executive with the team.


Cuero, Texas

Cuero ( ) is a city in DeWitt County, Texas, United States. The population was 8,128 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of DeWitt County.

Georges Stuber

Georges Stuber (11 May 1925 – 16 April 2006) was a former Swiss football player. He played as a goalkeeper. He played for Switzerland in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cup. and also played for FC Luzern, FC Lausanne-Sport, and Servette FC. Stuber was born in Zug, Switzerland.

Stuber died on 16 April 2006 at the age of 80.


Dustin Slade

Dustin Slade (born February 28, 1986) is a Canadian former ice hockey goaltender. Slade last played with the Halifax Wolverines of the Maritime Junior A Hockey League (MJAHL) after quitting the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League (WHL), with whom he won a President's Cup as league champions and was a WHL West First Team All-Star.


Georgiy Daneliya

Georgiy Daneliya ( "Giorgi Danelia"; ; 25 August 1930 – 4 April 2019), also known as Giya Daneliya, was a Soviet and Russian movie director and screenwriter. He was best known for directing the movies "Walking the Streets of Moscow" (1963), "Afonya" (1975), "Mimino" (1977), "Autumn Marathon" (1979) and "Kin-dza-dza!" (1986). He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1989.

Daneliya was born in Tbilisi, the capital city of the Georgian SSR. In February 2019, he was in hospital with pneumonia. On 4 April 2019, he died of respiratory and heart failure in Moscow. He was 88.

Flums

Flums is a municipality in Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


Jim Playfair

James Playfair (born May 22, 1964) is the former associate coach of the Arizona Coyotes. He is a former NHL ice hockey player and a former head coach of the Calgary Flames.

Ryan Walter

Ryan William Walter (born April 23, 1958) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League. 

Glenn Anderson

Glenn Chris Anderson (born October 2, 1960) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Edmonton Oilers, Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers, and St. Louis Blues. 

1996 Spengler Cup in Davos, Switzerland



Joe Ward (ice hockey)

Joseph Michael Ward (born February 11, 1961 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player from Sarnia, Ontario.

Ward played his junior hockey with the Seattle Breakers of the WHL. And was the 22nd pick by the Colorado Rockies in the 1980 NHL Entry Draft. He would go on to play four games for the Rockies that year, however, he would never make it back to the NHL. He is the son of Don Ward.


Rob Flockhart

Robert Walter Flockhart (February 6, 1956 – January 2, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who spent parts of five seasons in the National Hockey League. 

Flockhart died on January 3, 2021 at the age of 64.


Barry Melrose

Barry James Melrose (born July 15, 1956) is a Canadian–American broadcaster and former professional ice hockey player and head coach. Melrose played in the World Hockey Association (WHA) and National Hockey League (NHL).

On October 10, 2023, Melrose retired from his jobs at ESPN and the NHL Network because he had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and wanted to spend his time with family.


Alberto Cortez

Alberto Cortez (born José Alberto García Gallo; 11 March 1940 – 4 April 2019) was an Argentine singer and songwriter. During his career, he released more than forty albums. In 1960, he famously covered the song "Sucu Sucu". He was born in Rancul, La Pampa Province.

Cortez died of a gastrointestinal hemorrhage on 4 April 2019 in Madrid, the capital city of Spain. He was 79.

Cellophane

Cellophane is a bioplastic wrapping material. It is a thin, transparent sheet made of cellulose. It has low permeability. That means very little air, oils, greases, bacteria, and water can get in. That makes it useful for food packaging.

Cellophane was invented by Swiss chemist . 
It took ten years for Brandenberger to perfect his idea. He added glycerin to soften the material. By 1912 he had built a machine to make the film. He called the product "Cellophane", from the words "cellulose" and "diaphane" ("transparent"). Cellophane was patented that year.

DuPont built the first cellophane manufacturing plant in the US. One of their chemists found a way to make it moisture proof. The material became hugely popular.

"Cellophane" is a general term in some countries, but in other countries it is a registered trademark.

Cellophane played a crucial role in developing the self-service retailing of fresh meat. The transparency helped customers see the quality of meat before buying. Cellophane also largely prevents discoloration of food.

Maurice Pon

Maurice Marie Jean Pon (26 October 1921 – 3 April 2019) was a French lyricist. He was best known for his work with Henri Salvador. He also wrote for artists such as Bourvil, Fernandel, Jean Sablon, André Claveau and Les Frères Jacques. He was born in Bordeaux.

Pon died on 3 April 2019 in Île-de-France. He was 97.

Pfäfers

Pfäfers is a municipality in Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

Pfäfers, St. Margrethenberg, Vadura, Valens, Vasön and Vättis.


Rapperswil

Rapperswil is the name of three places in Switzerland:

Fräschels

Fräschels () is a municipality of the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Gibloux

Gibloux is a new municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2016, when the former municipalities of Corpataux-Magnedens, Farvagny, Le Glèbe, Rossens and Vuisternens-en-Ogoz merged to form Gibloux.

Grolley

Grolley is a municipality in the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Cheyres-Châbles

Cheyres-Châbles is a new municipality in the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2017 when the former municipalities of Châbles and Cheyres merged to form Cheyres-Châbles.


Belmont-Broye

Belmont-Broye is a new municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2016 when the former municipalities of Domdidier, Dompierre, Léchelles and Russy merged to form Belmont-Broye.


Jackie Robinson Day

Jackie Robinson Day is an annual event in Major League Baseball. It honors the day Jackie Robinson made his major league debut, becoming the first black major league baseball player of the modern era. April 15 was Opening Day in 1947. The day was first commemorated on April 15, 2004. Robinson played for the Brooklyn Dodgers (today known as the Los Angeles Dodgers) ended 80 years of baseball segregation. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962.

Sam Sullivan

Sam Sullivan, CM (born November 13, 1959) is the Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) in the British Columbia legislature for Vancouver-False Creek. He is the Official Opposition’s Housing critic.

Sullivan was the Minister of Community, Sport and Cultural Development and the Minister Responsible for TransLink. He was a member of the Legislative Review Committee and the Select Standing Committee on Crown corporations and the Select Standing Committee on Public Accounts.

In 2006 to 2009 he was mayor of Vancouver. In 1993 to 2005 he was a Vancouver City Councillor. While Mayor of Vancouver, he helped create the Street to Home Foundation. He was also involved in the largest increase in social housing in several decades on 14 Vancouver city sites.

Sullivan is an Adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia's School of Architecture and Landscape Architecture.

Sullivan was made a member of the Order of Canada for his work with the Disability Foundation which supports quality of life initiatives for people with disabilities from all over Canada. He received the Christopher and Dana Reeve’s Award and the Terry Fox Award for helping to improve the quality of life for people with disabilities.

Infiorata di Genzano

The Flower Festival in Genzano is an event that takes place in the Genzano section of Rome, characterized by the carpet of flowers set up in the path of the religious procession on the Feast of "Corpus Christi." 

The festival dates back to the 18th century, when a floral carpet was set up along the "Via Sforza" (now "Via Bruno Buozzi" ) in Genzano. Previously, in Genzano, and probably in other locations of the Castelli Romani, the custom of preparing flower carpets for the feast of "Corpus Christi had" existed for some time. The tradition was born in Rome in the first half of the seventeenth century and had been adopted in the localities of the Alban Hills probably due to the close ties of this territory with Gian Lorenzo Bernini , the main architect of Baroque celebrations. It is believed, in fact, that the tradition of creating paintings by means of flowers was born in the Vatican basilica by Benedetto Drei , head of the Florerian Vatican, and of his son Pietro, who had used "leafless flowers, minced to emulate mosaics" June 29, 1625, feast of Saints Peter and Paul, the patrons of Rome. A few years later, in 1633, another floral painting was made by Stefano Speranza, a close associate of Bernini. Oreste Raggi says that, it was Bernini himself who succeeded Benedetto Drei when he died, and "Rome popularized this art". 

In Rome the custom of flower displays disappeared at the end of the XVII century. In Genzano, on the other hand, it continued into the eighteenth century, according to an anonymous manuscript 1824 which is preserved in the Central National Library of Rome and printed only recently, that says in Genzano some families used to display flowers in front of their home on the occasion of the three different processions that took place on the anniversary of "Corpus Domini" , one on Thursday, the other two on the following Sunday. Since none of the three processions passed through "Via Sforza" , Don Arcangelo Leofreddi, who lived on that street, asked the Bishop of Albano François-Joachim de Pierre de Bernis for to vary the path on the Thursday procession the 8th. Having obtained the permit, Don Leofreddi "asked all the inhabitants (via Sforza) to make floral decorations, each at their own expense, in front of their homes, and everyone did". There is disagreement on the date of the first Flower Festival in Genzano: some date it back to 1778 ; others as of June 6, 1782 , the date on which the carpet covered the entire street (previous floral displays covered small garden sections). 

In the nineteenth century the Genzano Flower Festival took place annually, except for some periods of interruption: the first interruption was from 1845 to 1863 ; the second interruption, also lasting nineteen years, from 1875 to 1894. It was restored in 1894 by the "Company of Saint Luigi" Catholic circle. In the early twentieth century, the installation of the floral display was not very constant. The tradition of the floral display resumed on the occasion of "the interdiocesian Eucharistic Congress" of 1922 , where it was held in Genzano, and since then it has been held annually, except for interruptions in the years 1932 , 1934 , 1935 and during the five years of World War II . 

Since 1875 theFlower Festival has taken place in "Via Italo Belardi" , formerly "Via Livia" , the street that connects the main square of the town ( "Piazza IV Novembre" ) to the Church of Saint Maria of Cima. The street is completely covered by a floral carpet covering an area of 1890 m², generally composed of thirteen "sections", in addition to the decoration of the staircase leading to the Church of Saint Maria of Cima which is located at the top of the hill. Each "framework" is generally 7m x 114.   The subjects are generally reproductions of known artworks or geometric motifs and are religious or civil in nature, which are chosen by a special Commission that presides over the display. To compose the thirteen paintings of the Flower Festival of Genzano it takes about 500 quintals of flower petals or vegetable essences. The sides are protected by columns made with mortelle and are always connected by festoons of mortella. 
Unlike the times of Massimo d'Azeglio, the flowers currently come from greenhouses; however; as in the past, hundreds of people are involved in separating the petals and distributing them in baskets depending on the color (an operation called "piluccamento" ). The baskets are then placed in cellars and caves located near the town hall with the aim of preserving them until the day they are used. 

Given the perishability of the material with which this huge carpet is created, the flowers are laid out either on the same day as the festival or the night before the festival. On Saturday evening the architects of the Flower Festival , generally the authors of the various paintings, will draw the contours of the paintings on the roadway, first with chalk and then with lime, based on the original sketch, also using perforated cartoons ("dusting" technique). The placement of the flowers is done by placing the petals, taken from the baskets, within the contours already traced on the street. On Sunday evening Mass is celebrated in front of the Church of Saint Maria of Cima and, after a solemn Eucharistic celebration in which the bishop of Albano often takes part, the carpet is covered by the religious procession of the celebrants who bring the Blessed Sacrament to the not so distant Collegiate Church of the Holy Trinity. The carpet is maintained, with replacements of withered petals, until Monday evening, when the destruction of the floral display bychildren (the so-called "shoulder" ) takes place.



Basque Country (autonomous community)

The Basque Autonomous Community (; ), or commonly known as EUSKADI, is an autonomous community in northern iberian peninsula. It includes the provinces of Araba, Bizkaia, and Gipuzkoa.

The Basque Country is considered a "historical nationality" by the 1978 constitution. 

The city of Vitoria-Gasteiz, in Araba, is the politic capital "de facto", where the Basque Parliament, the Basque Government, and the house of the President of the Basque Autonomous Community (the Palace of Ajuria Enea) are located. The High Court of Justice of the Basque Country is in Bilbo. Vitoria-Gasteiz is the city with the most land, with 277 km (107 sq mi), Bilbo has the most people, with 353,187.

The term "Basque Country" is also used when speaking about the larger cultural region (Basque: "Euskal Herria"), "the home of the Basque people", which has the autonomous community in it.

These provinces make up the autonomous community:


The Basque Country touches Cantabria and Burgos province to the west, the Bay of Biscay to the north, France (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) and Navarre to the east and La Rioja (the Ebro River) to the south. The territory has three parts, separated by the Basque Mountains. The main line of mountains makes the watershed between the Atlantic and Mediterranean basins. The highest place in the mountains is in the Aizkorri massif (1551 m). The three areas are:

The Atlantic Basin has many valleys with short rivers that flow from the mountains to the Bay of Biscay, like the Nerbion, Urola, and Oria. The coast is rough, with high cliffs. The main parts of the coast are the Bilbo-Abra Bay and the Estuary of Bilbao, the Urdaibai estuary and the Bidasoa-Txingudi Bay that makes the border with France.

Between the two mountain ranges, there is a high plateau called "Araba plains (Basque: Arabako lautada)", where the capital Vitoria-Gasteiz locates. The rivers flow southwards, from mountains to Ebro valley ("Basque: Ebro sakana" or "erribera"). The main rivers are the "Bidasoa", "Zadorra" and "Baia" River.

The Ebro river starts in "European Peaks" range and flows through the south-western part of the Basque Country. This makes an area called the Ebro Valley wich is well-known for famous wines. 

In Euskadi, rivers usually flow down from the "Basque Mountains" to coastal or Ebro bassins. The mountains also separate the climates inside the autonomous community:

The northern valleys in Bizkaia and Gipuzkoa, and the southern valley of "Aiala" in Araba, are part of Green Iberia, where we found a lot of clouds, rain and, therefore, high humidity.

The climate in the middle plains tends to Continental Atlantic like. This gives warm, dry summers and cold, snowy winters.

The Ebro Valley's climate is just an extension of the previous: cold and dry winters and warm and dry summers, and it rains the most in spring and autumn, but very rarely as much as in the northern atlantic watershed.

Almost half of the 2,155,546 people in the Basque Autonomous Community live in the area around the capital city of Bilbo. Six out of its ten biggest cities, are part of Bilbo's conurbation (Bilbo, Barakaldo, Getxo, Portugalete, Santurtzi and Basauri). 

This is also called "Greater Bilbo".

Because 28.2% of the Basque population is born outside the autonomous community, immigration is important for demographics. Since the year 1900, most of these people have come from other parts of the peninsula, like Portugal, Galicia, Castile or Extremadura. Lately, many of these inmigrant people have returned to their born places. 

Nowadays, immigration comes from other countries, mostly East Europe or South America.

By 2012 data frame, 58.6% of Basque habitants identified themselves as Roman Catholic but many people do not believe in religion: 24.6% were non-religious and 12.3% of Basques were atheist.

Daniel Kaluuya

Daniel Kaluuya (born 24 February 1989) is a British actor and writer. He is best known for his leading role as Chris Washington in the horror movie "Get Out" (2017). For his role, he was nominated for the Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, SAG Award and BAFTA Award for Best Actor. His other movie credits include "Johnny English Reborn" (2011), "Kick-Ass 2" (2013), "Sicario" (2015), "Widows" (2018) and "Black Panther" (2018). In 2018, he won the BAFTA Rising Star Award.

In 2021, Kaluuya played Fred Hampton in "Judas and the Black Messiah", a role which won him a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

On television, Kaluuya has appeared as Posh Kenneth in the television series "Skins" from 2007 to 2009. He also co-wrote two episodes of "Skins". He played Bingham "Bing" Madsen in the "Black Mirror" episode "Fifteen Million Merits" and has had roles in "Psychoville" and "The Fades".

Kaluuya was born in London. His parents are from Uganda. He is a supporter of Arsenal Football Club.

Letitia Wright

Letitia Michelle Wright (born 31 October 1993) is a Guyanese-born British actress. She is best known for her role as Shuri in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "Black Panther" and "" (both 2018). She has also appeared in TV shows such as "Top Boy", "Coming Up", "Chasing Shadows", "Humans", the "Doctor Who" episode "Face the Raven" and the "Black Mirror" episode "Black Museum". For "Black Mirror", she was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie. In 2019, she won the BAFTA Rising Star Award. 

Wright was born in Georgetown, the capital city of Guyana. At the age of seven, her family moved to London. She grew up in Tottenham, north London.

National Students' Union of India

National Students' Union of India (NSUI) is the student wing of the Indian National Congress. NSUI was established on 9 April 1971. The organisation was founded by Indira Gandhi. Neeraj Kundan is the current President of NSUI. v is the current National Coordinator.

Student movement reached its apex during the struggle for independence due to the strong participation of students from all sections of society. Prior to 1950, the student activism of the Indian National Congress was carried out by the youth wing of the AICC.



Mill Creek Falls

Mill Creek Falls, is a waterfall located in the Rogue River Canyon within the Prospect State Scenic Viewpoint in Jackson County, in the U.S. state of Oregon. The waterfall is located at the south end of Mill Creek as it plunges into the Rogue River over a carved cliff surrounded by walls of petrified volcanic ash caused by the Mount Mazama eruption.

Gustav Nossal

Sir Gustav Victor Joseph Nossal (born 4 June 1931) is an Austrian-born Australian research biologist. He is famous for his work in the fields of antibody formation and immunological tolerance. 

Nossal was born in Bad Ischl. He first grew up in the Austrian capital city of Vienna. After the Anschluss (Nazi Germany's annexation of Austria), he and his family moved to Australia. This was because, although not of Jewish faith, his father's grandparents were Jewish. This meant that Nossal was at risk of being sent to concentration camps due his Jewish background. Nossal was baptised, like his father, and is a Roman Catholic. He studied at the University of Sydney.

Nossal has written five books and 530 scientific articles on immunology and similar fields. From 1959 to 1961, he was the assistant professor of genetics at Stanford University. He began serving as director of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research from 1965. At the same time, he was Professor of Medical Biology at the University of Melbourne. He retired from both of these roles in 1996. Nossal was president of the Australian Academy of Science from 1994 to 1998. He was the chairman of the comittee running the World Health Organization's Vaccines and Biologicals Program from 1993 to 2002. He also served as Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Council of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Children's Vaccine Program from 1998 to 2003.

Nossal is married to Lyn Beatrix ("née" Dunnicliff). The couple have four children (two sons and two daughters).

In 1970, Nossal was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He was knighted for his services to science in 1977. In 1989, he was made a Companion of the Order of Australia. In 1990, he was awarded the Albert Einstein World Award of Science. In 2000, he was named Australian of the Year.

Nossal High School in Berwick, Victoria, is named after him.


Bookbinding

Bookbinding is the process of putting a book together. The pages are put inside a book covering, then attached to the spine (closed edge of the book) by sewing or glueing. Bookbinding is an artistic practice from many centuries ago but it has also been industrialized. Bookbinding machines were invented in the 19th century and most books are made in factories by mechanical mass production.

A person who binds books is called a bookbinder. Today, most hand-bound books are specially made, and more expensive than a factory-made book. Bookbinding is a specialized job. Bookbinders must be skilled in measuring, cutting, glueing, leather working, graphic arts, and fabric crafts, among other things. 

Dellinger

Dellinger may refer to:




Riversleigh

Riversleigh may refer to:


John Quarmby

John Quarmby (18 June 1929 – 5 April 2019) was an English character actor. He was best known for his roles as Mr Carnegie in the "Fawlty Towers" episode "Basil the Rat" (1979), and as Henry Tobias in "K-9 and Company" (1981). He had roles in TV series such as "Z-Cars", "Softly, Softly", "Juliet Bravo" and "Howards' Way". He also appeared in the movies "The Scarlet Pimpernel" (1982), "A Christmas Carol" (1984) and "Thirteen at Dinner" (1985).
Quarmby was born in Liverpool. He served for two years in the Royal Air Force in the 1940s. He joined Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in 1949. He died on 5 April 2019, at the age of 89.

Đồng Sĩ Nguyên

Đồng Sĩ Nguyên (1 March 1923 – 4 April 2019), also known as Nguyễn Hữu Vũ, was a Vietnamese soldier and politician. Đồng Sỹ Nguyên is another spelling of his name. He served as Deputy Prime Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 1982 to 1991. He was also a lieutenant-general of the North Vietnamese Army during the Vietnam War. He was interviewed in the documentary TV series "The Vietnam War" (2017) He was born in Quảng Trạch District, Quảng Bình Province, then-part of French Indochina.

Đồng died on 4 April 2019 in Hanoi, at the age of 96.

Mont-Vully

Mont-Vully is a new municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2016 when the former municipalities of Bas-Vully and Haut-Vully merged to form Mont-Vully.

Val-de-Charmey

Val-de-Charmey is a new municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2014 when the former municipalities of Cerniat and Charmey merged to form the new municipality of Val-de-Charmey.

Alterswil

Alterswil was a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Alterswil and St. Antoni merged to form the municipality of Tafers.


Arconciel

Arconciel () was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Arconciel, Ependes and Senèdes merged to form the new municipality of Bois-d'Amont.

Schmitten, Fribourg

Schmitten is a municipality of the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Wünnewil-Flamatt

Wünnewil-Flamatt is a municipality of the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in the western part of Switzerland.


St. Antoni

St. Antoni () was a municipality in Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Alterswil and St. Antoni merged to form the municipality of Tafers.

Schmitten

Schmitten may refer to:

Carmelita Pope

Carmelita Pope (April 15, 1924 – April 3, 2019), also known by her stage name Carla Dare, was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in stage productions. In 1947, she appeared in the Broadway play "A Streetcar Named Desire". She also acted in television series such as "General Hospital", "Days of Our Lives", "They Stand Accused", "Down You Go" and "The Amazing Spider-Man".

Pope was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was a childhood friend of actor siblings Jocelyn and Marlon Brando. She was married twice and had two sons. She lived in Boise, Idaho.

Pope died on April 3, 2019, at the age of 94. 

Bösingen, Fribourg

Bösingen (, ) is a municipality of the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Plaffeien

Plaffeien () is a municipality of the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Oberschrot and Zumholz merged into the municipality of Plaffeien.

It is the third-largest municipality in the canton of Fribourg.


Brünisried

Brünisried is a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Pat Cleveland

Patricia Cleveland (born June 23, 1950) is an American fashion model. She became successful in the 1960s and 1970s and was one of the first African-American models within the fashion industry to achieve fame as a runway model and print model. Cleveland was born in New York City.

Cleveland was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in April 2019.

Giffers

Giffers () is a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Jeremy Bowen

Jeremy Francis John Bowen (born 6 February 1960) is a Welsh journalist and television presenter. He was born in Cardiff, Wales. He is the BBC's Middle East correspondent working in Jerusalem between 1995 and 2000. He has been its Middle East Editor since 2005.

Bowen was diagnosed with bowel cancer in April 2019.


Ueberstorf

Ueberstorf is a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Muntelier

Muntelier () is a municipality of the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Daingerfield, Texas

Daingerfield is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Morris County.

De Smet, Idaho

De Smet (also spelled Desmet) is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Maryville, Tennessee

Maryville is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is near the North Carolina state line. At the 2020 U.S. census, the population was about 31,907.

Katrin Sjögren

Katrin Sjögren (born 2 February 1966) is a Finnish politician from the Åland Islands. She has been the Premier of Åland since 25 November 2015. She has also been the leader of the Liberals for Åland party since 2012. She became a member of the Parliament of Åland in 2003. She was Minister of Social Affairs and Environment between 2007 and 2011.

She lives in Mariehamn, the capital city of the Åland Islands. She is married to Anders Eriksson. The couple have three children.

René Fontès

René Fontès (11 June 1941 – 17 March 2019) was a French sports official and politician. He was club president of the Top 14 rugby union team Clermont Auvergne from 2004 to 2013. He was also mayor of the Eygalières commune in Bouches-du-Rhône from 2008 until his death in 2019. He was made Chevalier (Knight) of the Legion of Honour in 2011. He was born in Saint-Martin-de-Crau, Bouches-du-Rhône.

Fontès died of a heart attack on 17 March 2019 in Eygalières. He was 77.

Nikolay Kovalyov (politician)

Nikolay Dmitrievich Kovalyov (; 6 August 1949 – 5 April 2019) was a Russian politician, general, and former KGB official. He was a member of United Russia. He was also a member of the State Duma. He was chairman of the Duma's Veterans' Committee. He was the Director of the Federal Security Service (FSB) from July 1996 to July 1998. Vladimir Putin took on the role of director after him. Kovalyov was born in Moscow.

Kovalyov died after a long illness on 5 April 2019 in Moscow. He was 69.

Nikolay Kovalev

Nikolay Kovalev may refer to:


Gresham College

Gresham College is an institution of higher learning in London. It does not enroll students and does not award any degrees. It was founded in 1597 under the will of Sir Thomas Gresham.

The College gives over 140 free public lectures every year. Since 2001, all lectures have also been made available online.

There seven original Gresham College Professorships that date back to the origins of the college. They are in Astronomy, Divinity, Geometry, Law, Music, Physic and Rhetoric.

These subjects reflect the curriculum of the medieval university (the trivium and quadrivium).

The college played an important role in the Enlightenment and in the formation of the Royal Society. Early distinguished Gresham College professors included Christopher Wren, who lectured on astronomy in the 17th century, and Robert Hooke, who was Professor of Geometry from 1665 until 1704.

The professors received £50 a year. The terms of their position were very precise, for example: :"The geometrician is to read as followeth, every Trinity term arithmetique, in Michaelmas and Hilary terms theoretical geometry, in Easter term practical geometry. The astronomy reader is to read in his solemn lectures, first the principles of the sphere, and the theory of the planets, and the use of the astrolabe and the staff, and other common instruments for the capacity of mariners."

Today three further Professorships have been added to take account of areas not otherwise covered by the original Professorships:


The professors currently hold their positions for three years, extendable for a fourth year. They give six lectures a year. There are also visiting professors appointed to give series of lectures at the College. There are a number of single-lecture speakers.

The lectures are often given in the Museum of London, which has a bigger lecture room than the College.

Edmund Gunter

Edmund Gunter (1581 – 10 December 1626) was an English clergyman, mathematician, geometer and astronomer of Welsh descent. 

He is best remembered for his practical inventions for measurement. These include the Gunter's chain, Gunter's quadrant, and the Gunter's scale. In 1620, he invented the first successful analogue device which he developed to calculate logarithmic tangents. These inventions are related to the main practical maths interests of England at that time. These were maritime navigation, land surveying and accounting.

Gunter was taught mathematics by Henry Briggs. He became a Gresham Professor of Astronomy, from 1619 until his death. Gunter invented the terms cosine and cotangent, 

Gunter’s scale (called by seamen "the Gunter") is a large plane scale, usually 2 ft. long by about 1½ in. broad, and engraved with various lines of numbers. By means of this scale questions in navigation, trigonometry etc. are solved with the aid of a pair of compasses.

The slide rule was invented around 1620–1630, shortly after John Napier's publication of the concept of the logarithm. In 1620 Gunter developed his calculating device with a single logarithmic scale. With additional measuring tools it could be used to multiply and divide. In c. 1622, William Oughtred of Cambridge combined two handheld Gunter rules to make a device that is the modern slide rule. 

Gunter's chain was in common use in surveying up to modern times. It is 22 yards long and is divided into 100 links. Its usefulness comes from its decimal division, and the fact that 10 square chains make an acre. It folds up in sections, and is carried by the surveyor.

His quadrant of 1623 was used for tell the time, find the length of day, when the sun had risen and set, the date, and the meridian. It used scales and curves of the quadrant and related tables. Gunter's quadrant was fairly simple, and was widely used in the 17th and 18th centuries.
This instrument is used to find the hour of the day, the sun’s azimuth, and other common problems of the globe, and also to take the altitude of an object in degrees. These things are needed by ships on long voyages, and on long overland excursions.

Like his contemporary at Cambridge, Isaac Newton, Oughtred taught his ideas privately to his students. Also like Newton, he became involved in a controversy over priority (who invented what and when). This involved his one-time student Richard Delamain. Oughtred's ideas were only made public in publications of his student William Forster in 1632 and 1653.

Melvin Van Peebles

Melvin Van Peebles (August 21, 1932 – September 22, 2021) was an American movie maker, actor, novelist and composer. He was the father of actor Mario Van Peebles.

Melvin Van Peebles created and acted in the blaxploitation movie "Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song" in 1971. He also acted in many other movies from the 1970s to the 2010s. His first Hollywood movie was "Watermelon Man" in 1970.

Van Peebles was born in Chicago, Illinois. He died on September 22, 2021 in New York City, aged 89.

Damon Wayans Jr.

Damon Wayans Jr. (born November 18, 1982) is an American actor, comedian and writer. In the sitcom "Happy Endings", he was nominated for a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. He played Brad Williams in the show.

Wayans is the son of actor and comedian Damon Wayans Sr.

As a child, Wayans was in the comedy movie "Blankman" in 1994. In 2009, he played Thomas Uncles in the movie "Dance Flick".

Wayans was born in Huntington, Vermont.

Michael Ironside

Frederick Reginald Ironside, known as Michael Ironside (born February 12, 1950) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, movie director, movie producer and screenwriter for both movies and television. He is best-known for playing tough guys and villains. He has also played sympathetic characters. 

Ironside played Richter in the 1990 science fiction movie "Total Recall". In 1997 he played Lieutenant Jean Rasczak in "Starship Troopers". In 2011 he played the Captain of the 7th Fleet in "". 

Ironside did voice acting in "" and its sequel "Justice League".

Ironside was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Phonograph cylinder

Phonograph cylinders were the earliest commercial method for recording and reproducing sound. 

They were commonly known simply as "records" in their era of greatest popularity (c. 1896–1915). They were hollow cylindrical objects with an audio recording engraved on the outside surface. The sound can be reproduced when they are played on a mechanical cylinder phonograph. In the 1910s, the competing disc record system became the more popular commercial audio medium.

Some of the cylinders and their recoreders can be found in local museums.

Olli Mäki

Olli Mäki (22 December 1936 – 6 April 2019) was a Finnish boxer. As an amateur, he won the European lightweight title in 1959. Before this, he placed second in 1957. He was dropped from the 1960 Olympic team. After this, he became professional. He fought until 1973 as a pro, with a record of 28 victories, 14 losses and 8 draws. He lost in two rounds to Davey Moore in 1962. In retirement, Mäki worked as a boxing coach and manager. The movie, "The Happiest Day in the Life of Olli Mäki" (2016), is based on his life. He was born in Kokkola.

On 6 April 2019, Mäki died of problems caused by Alzheimer's disease in Kirkkonummi. He was 82.


Shawn Smith

Shawn Smith (October 28, 1965 – April 3, 2019) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He began his career in 1991.He was a vocalist of the bands Brad, Satchel and Pigeonhed. He was also a solo artist. 

He released 10 solo albums from 1999 until his death. His songs were featured in television series such as "The Sopranos" and "ER". Smith was born in Spokane, Washington.

Smith lived in Seattle. He died of a torn aorta and high blood pressure on April 3, 2019, at the age of 53.

Soviet satellite state

Soviet satellite states were satellite states indirectly controlled by the Soviet Union. This meant that they were countries controlled by leaders who were really controlled by the Soviet Union. Soviet satellite states included the Warsaw Pact countries and Mongolia. The Soviet Union chose leaders in these countries who were loyal to the Soviet Union and would send in the military if the local people protested against the local government.

Examples were:

Most of these "Eastern Bloc" countries had compulsory military service for young men. They also had varying numbers of Soviet troops and KGB agents. All these countries had detailed control of information (censorship), and other aspects of the communist Soviet system. Many features of the Soviet information control were put into practice in distant countries, such as Cuba, which was allied to the Soviet Union, but was not its satellite state.

Other terms which may be used are:

Barry Malkin

Barry M. Malkin (October 26, 1938 – April 4, 2019) was an American movie editor. He had about 30 movie credits to his name. He was best known for his work movie director Francis Ford Coppola. He edited most of Coppola's movies between 1969 and 1997. These include "The Rain People" (1969), "The Godfather Part II" (1974), "Apocalypse Now" (1979), "Rumble Fish" (1983), "The Cotton Club" (1984), "Peggy Sue Got Married" (1986), "The Godfather Part III" (1990) and "Jack" (1996). He also edited for the movies "Little Big Man" (1970), "Big" (1988), "New York Stories" (1989), "Honeymoon in Vegas" (1992) and "The Big Bounce" (2004). He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Editing and an Academy Award for Best Film Editing.

Malkin died on April 4, 2019 in Manhattan, New York City. He was 80.

Marilyn Mason

Marilyn May Mason (June 29, 1925 – April 4, 2019) was an American concert organist, recording artist and professor. She joined the staff of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor in 1947. She became chair of the organ department in 1962, and was named a professor in 1965. She retired in 2014, making her the longest serving University of Michigan staff member at 67 years. She was born in Alva, Oklahoma.

Mason died on April 4, 2019 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. She was 93.

Jon Østeng Hov

Jon Østeng Hov (23 January 1936 − 29 March 2019) was a Norwegian photographer and writer. He was known for his nature photos. He was a columnist for the "Adresseavisen" newspaper for over 30 years. Hov was an honorary member of the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature. In 2005, he was made Knight, 1st Class of the Order of St. Olav.

Hov died on 29 March 2019, at the age of 83.

Ralph S. Greco

Ralph Steven Greco (May 25, 1942 – March 31, 2019) was an American surgeon and sculptor. He was the Johnson and Johnson Distinguished Professor, Emeritus of Surgery at Stanford University School of Medicine. He was well-known for his advocacy for the well-being of surgery residents. He retired from Stanford in 2017.

Greco was born in the Bronx, a borough of New York City. He went to Yale University. He was married to Irene L. Wapnir. The couple had three children.

Greco died from prostate cancer on March 31, 2019 in Stanford, California. He was 76.

Marysville, California

Marysville is a city of California in the United States. It is the county seat of Yuba County.

Franz Weber (activist)

Franz Weber (27 July 1927 – 2 April 2019) was a Swiss environmentalist, animal welfare activist and journalist. He founded the Franz Weber Foundation in 1975. In the 1970s and the 2000s, he led successful campaigns for the protection of the Lavaux region. In 2007, Lavaux became a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. He has also worked in the conservation of natural sites in France, Germany, Austria, Italy, Greece, Switzerland, Slovenia and Hungary. He has also helped endangered species in South America, Canada, Australia, Africa and Europe.

In 1989, the Franz Weber Foundation bought Bonrook Station, a former cattle station near Pine Creek, Northern Territory. It has since developed into a sanctuary for brumbies and native wild life. 

In 1997, in the presence of Émile Gardaz, Jean-Pierre Thiollet and some other personalities, the township of Delphi appointed him an Honorary citizenship.

Weber was born in Basel. He was married to Judith with one daughter, Vera. He lived in Montreux.

On 2 April 2019, Weber died in the capital Bern. He was 91.


Daniela Peštová

Daniela Peštová is a Czech model.

She was on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" "Swimsuit Issue" in 1995, 2000 and 2006.

After she started to work for the brand in 1996, she became a Victoria's Secret Angel from 1997 to 2001. During their fashion show in 1998, she wore the Dream Angel Fantasy Bra, worth $5,000,000.

Alturas, California

Alturas is a city of California in the United States. It is the county seat of Modoc County.

Attalens

Attalens ( or "Talin") is a municipality of the district Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Oberschrot

Oberschrot was a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the municipalities of Oberschrot and Zumholz became part of Plaffeien.


Zumholz

Zumholz was a municipality in the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, Zumholz and Oberschrot became part of Plaffeien.


Heitenried

Heitenried is a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Plasselb

Plasselb is a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Rechthalten

Rechthalten () is a municipality of the district Sense, in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

St. Silvester

St. Silvester () is a municipality of the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


St. Ursen

St. Ursen () is a municipality of the district Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Ried bei Kerzers

Ried bei Kerzers () is a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, Ried bei Kerzers incorporated the neighboring municipality of Agriswil.

Gurmels

Gurmels () is a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

In 1978, Monterschu and Grossgurmels merged to form Gurmels. The municipality of Kleingurmels merged into Gurmels in 2000. In 2003, the former municipalities of Guschelmuth, Liebistorf and Wallenbuch were merged to form Gurmels. Then, in 2005, the former municipality of Cordast joined.


Madisonville, Texas

Madisonville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Don Alden Adams

Don Alden Adams (January 16, 1925 – December 30, 2019) was an American Jehovah's Witnesses leader. He was president of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania from 2000 to 2014. The organization is the main legal body used around the world by Jehovah's Witnesses. Adams was born in Oak Park, Illinois.

Adams died in December 2019, at the age of 94.

Adele Addison

Adele Addison (born July 24, 1925) is an American soprano. She was a figure in the classical music world during the 1950s and 1960s. She was an opera singer. However, she spent most of her career performing in recital and concert. A lot of her singing is from the Baroque period. She is well known for performing the singing voice of Bess (played by Dorothy Dandridge) in the movie "Porgy and Bess" (1959).

Addison was born in New York City. She grew up in Springfield, Massachusetts. She has had type 2 diabetes since childhood. In 1958, she married Norman Berger, a research scientist and professor at New York University. Berger died in 2005, after a 47-year marriage.

List of Ottawa neighborhoods


Billie Eilish

Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell ( ; born December 18, 2001) is an American singer-songwriter. She is currently signed to Interscope Records.

On November 18, 2015, Eilish released the song "Ocean Eyes". The track was written, mixed and produced by her brother Finneas. She released her first EP, "don't smile at me", in 2017.

Her debut album, "When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?", was released on March 29, 2019. It features the songs "Bury a Friend", "You Should See Me in a Crown", "When the Party's Over", "Wish You Were Gay", and her first number-one hit, "Bad Guy". The album reached number one in the UK, making her the youngest woman to top the UK Albums Chart.

In February 2020, Eilish released her single "No Time to Die", the official James Bond theme for the movie of the same name. Seventeen years old at the time of recording, Eilish is the youngest artist to have recorded a "James Bond" theme in the history of the franchise. For this, she won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2022.

Her second studio album, "Happier Than Ever", was released July 30, 2021.

On July 13, 2023, she released the song "What Was I Made For?" for the soundtrack of the movie "Barbie". It won the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 96th Academy Awards, making her the youngest person to win two Academy Awards.

Eilish's musical style has been compared to New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde and American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey.

Her songs are considered dark. She suffered with depression and suicidal thoughts at age 11 and expresses her depression through her music. She has been accused of romanticizing death and mental illness.

Eilish has a three octave soubrette soprano vocal range. She has a soft, light, and airy voice that has become synonymous with an entire style of singing. As Eilish has risen to incredible career heights, she has likewise inspired many aspiring musicians and singers to mimic her artistry. She is well-known for her sensitive and emotive deliveries on songs like “When The Party’s Over,” she has also committed to colorful character deliveries like on her signature hit “Bad Guy.” While she has come under criticism for her “whispery” vocals, Eilish demonstrates considerable control of her instrument.

When Eilish sings low notes below G3 at a soft volume, she’ll drop her breath support to phonate, but when singing at a louder or medium volume, she can carry a fuller tone down to E3. This shows that while Eilish has the capability to sing with “better” technique, she may purposefully opt not to in order to further her emotional deliveries.

This raises the point that as Eilish often sings at very soft volumes, it has led some to take digs at her vocals for being simply “whispers”, with a converse preference for louder vocalists. Eilish proves, however, that singing softly can be every bit as valuable as singing loudly, as she demonstrates not only exceptional phrasing and musicianship in these passages but also great technical control to articulate words and phrases with the sound rarely cutting out. Even when exceptionally soft, she can relax her body enough to allow her natural, wispy vibrato to shine through.


Eilish became the youngest artist to win all four of the major categories (the “Big Four” – Album, Record, and Song of the Year, and Best New Artist) at the Grammy Awards in 2020. She has won five awards from six nominations.
Eilish has an older brother, Finneas, who works with her on her musical projects. She was part of the Los Angeles Children's Chorus and was home-schooled with her brother. Her mother is actress Maggie Baird.

Communist Party of Greece

The Communist Party of Greece (; "Kommounistikó Kómma Elládas", KKE) is a Marxist–Leninist political party in Greece. 
It was founded in 1918 as the Socialist Labour Party of Greece (adopting its current name in November 1924). It is the oldest political party in modern Greek politics. The party played a significant role in the Greek resistance. The party's membership was largest in the mid-1940s. It participated in the Greek Civil War, but ended on the losing side and was banned until 1974.

The party took part in a coalition government in 1989 when it got more than 13% of the vote.

The October Revolution of the Bolsheviks in Russia in 1917 gave rise to the foundation of communist parties in many countries all over the globe. KKE was founded on 4 November 1918 as the Socialist Labour Party of Greece (Greek: Σοσιαλιστικό Εργατικό Κόμμα Ελλάδας, "Sosialistikó Ergatikó Kómma Elládas"; acronym: ΣΕΚΕ, "SEKE"). The party was run by a five-member central committee. The committee consisted of Nikos Dimitratos, D. Ligdopoulos, M. Sideris, A. Arvanitis and S. Kokkinos.

The background of KKE has roots in more than 60 years of small socialist, anarchist and communist groups. These groups were mainly in industrialized areas. They followed the example of the Paris Commune and the 1892 Chicago workers' movement for the eight-hour working day. These groups pushed for the unification of Greek workers into trade unions, the implementation of an eight-hour day in Greece and better salaries for workers. Inspiration came from the Paris Commune and the communist revolutionary efforts at the beginning of the century. The destruction almost 20 years of wars brought upon the Greek workers also played a role. As a result, a unified Social-Communist party was founded in Greece.

At the Second Congress of the SEKE in April 1920, the party decided to affiliate with Comintern. The Comintern was an international communist organisation founded in Moscow in 1919. The SEKE changed its name to the Socialist Labour Party of Greece-Communist (SEKE-K). A new central committee was elected, which included Nikos and Panaghis Dimitratos, Yannis Kordatos, G. Doumas and M. Sideris. At the Third Extraordinary Congress of the SEKE-K in November 1924, the party was renamed the Communist Party of Greece and adopted Marxism–Leninism. Pandelis Pouliopoulos was elected as general-secretary. Ever since, the party has functioned on the basis of democratic centralism.

KKE strongly opposed Greece's involvement in the Greco-Turkish War of 1919–1922. It considered the war an imperialistic plot to control the market of Asia Minor. KKE members advocated this position both on the front as well as in the mainland. KKE worked with the Soviet ambassador to persuade Venizelos' administration to withdraw its troops from Asia Minor. KKE also tried to persuade the Soviet Union to pressure Mustafa Kemal Atatürk to allow autonomy for Greek cities in Asia Minor.


Union Public Service Commission

The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC; ) is a board in India which conduct several exams to select grade 1 officer for Indian government. UPSC is also responsible for traning and allocation of positions to its different selected candidates.

Popular exams conducted by UPSC are Civil services, CDS, IES, NDA and IFOS.

Apart from these five exams, UPSC also conducts many other exams through UPSC Recruitment to facilitate government vacancies in various government departments of India, through which it recruits civil service candidates for the Government of India.

Merit based civil services exam system started in India since 1854. Before 1854 Directors of East India company use to recruit or nominate civil servannts and train them at Haileybury college in London.
In early days of civil services exam pappern was focused to help Britishers for this post and exam use to be conducted only at London.
It was first in 1922 that civil services exam started in India as well. 
First Indian to clear civil servant exam was Satender Nath Tagore in 1864 and till 1922 only 4 other Indians could clear civil services.
In 1935 civil service commission was brough to "government of India act" It came in affect since 1st April 1937. It was called as Federal public service commission. 

UPSC All Examinations List


India became Indipendent on 15th August 1947 and after inaugration of constitution of India on 26th January 1950, Federal Services commission of India was called Union Public services commission under clause (1) of article 378 of Indian constitution.

Every year about 1 Million students fill up form to apply for most prestigious and difficult exam in India called civil services conducted by UPSC.


Lao People's Revolutionary Party

The Lao People's Revolutionary Party (), formerly the Lao People's Party, is a Marxist–Leninist political party in Laos. It has emerged from the Communist Party of Vietnam founded by Hồ Chí Minh in 1930. It has governed in Laos since 1975. The policy-making organs are the Politburo, Secretariat and the Central Committee. A party congress is held every five years. The congress elects members to the politburo and central committee. The congress used to also elect a secretariat, but this body was abolished in 1991. As of 2016, 128 of the 132 members of the National Assembly of Laos were from the Lao People's Revolutionary Party.

The party has its origins in the Communist Party of Indochina founded by Ho Chi Minh in 1930 (see Communist Party of Vietnam). The ICP was entirely Vietnamese at its beginning, but it grew throughout French Indochina. The Communist Party of Indochina was able to found a small "Lao section" in 1936. In the mid-1940s, a campaign to recruit Laotian members began. In 1946 or 1947, Kaysone Phomvihan, a law student at the University of Hanoi, was recruited, along with Nouhak Phoumsavan.


Communist Party of Chile

The Communist Party of Chile () is a Chilean political party inspired by the thoughts of Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin. It was founded in 1922, as the continuation of the Socialist Workers Party. In 1932 it established its youth wing, the Communist Youth of Chile ("Juventudes Comunistas de Chile" [abbr:JJ.CC]).

The PCCh was a member of "New Majority" (), a leftist coalition led by President of Chile Michelle Bachelet.

It holds 8 seats in the Chamber of Deputies of Chile.


Angelo Acerbi

Angelo Acerbi (born 23 September 1925) is an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop. He became a priest in 1948. On 14 August 1979, Acerbi was named Apostolic Nuncio (diplomat of the Holy See) to Colombia, 28 March 1990 to Hungary, 13 January 1994 to Moldova and 8 February 1997 to the Netherlands. He retired on 27 February 2001. He was born in Sesta Godano, Liguria.


Isle of Palms, South Carolina

Isle of Palms is a city in Charleston County, South Carolina, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 4,347. The city is included within the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville metropolitan area.

Redoute's Choice

Redoute's Choice (15 August 1996 – 26 March 2019) was a multiple Group One-winning Australian Thoroughbred racehorse. He was a champion sire. 

His dam is a half-sister to the Group One winners Hurricane Sky (by Star Watch) and Umatilla (by Miswaki (USA)), and later produced the Group One winners Platinum Scissors (also by Danehill) and Manhattan Rain (by Encosta De Lago). Redoute's Choice was crowned champion first season sire in Australia in 2004 and champion sire in 2006.

Arrowfield Stud announced the death of Redoute’s Choice on 26 March 2019 at the age of 22. The horse was humanely euthanised.

Laminitis

Laminitis is a disease that affects the feet of ungulates and is found mostly in horses and cattle. Clinical signs include foot tenderness which makes it harder for them to walk. It also increased digital pulses, and increased temperature in the hooves. The progression of the disease will lead to perforation of the coffin bone through the sole of the hoof or being unable to stand up requiring euthanasia.

Paula Garcés

Paula Garcés (born March 20, 1974) is a Colombian-American actress. She is known for her appearance in movies such as "Clockstoppers", "Man of the House" and "The Harold and Kumar Series".

On TV shows, she starred in "", "The Shield", "", "The Sopranos", "Oz", "Devious Maids", "Guiding Light", "All My Children" and "On My Block".

Vodka (horse)

Vodka died on 1 April 2019, from laminitis in Newmarket, Suffolk. She was 14.

Philip Greaves

Sir Philip Greaves (born 19 January 1931) is a Barbadian politician. He served as an acting governor-general from 1 July 2017 until 8 January 2018.

Tetiana Chornovol

Tetiana Mykolayivna Chornovol (; born 4 June 1979) is a Ukrainian journalist, politician and activist. In 2014, she was became a member of the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's parliament. She was also one of the leaders in the Euromaidan protests in 2013–14. She is known for investigative reports about corruption in Ukraine.

Chornovol was born in Kyiv. She was married to Mykola Berezovyi until his death in 2014. He died as a volunteer fighter in eastern Ukraine. On 25 December 2013, Chornovol was badly beaten after her car was rammed off a road outside Kyiv. She made a recovery.

SmoshCast

The SmoshCast is a podcast made by Smosh. When Mythical Entertainment bought Smosh, SmoshCast was created. Each Wednesday a new episode is released on iTunes. A member of Smosh hosts alongside guests from the Smosh family as well as other internet personalities. The censored episode is then uploaded on Friday to YouTube.


Philip Nitschke

Philip Haig Nitschke (born 8 August 1947) is an Australian humanist, writer and former medical doctor. He is the founder and director of the pro-euthanasia group Exit International. He supported and campaigned for legal euthanasia in the Northern Territory. There, he assisted four people ending their lives while it was legal. Later, the Government of Australia made it against the law again. He is the author of the books "Killing Me Softly: Voluntary Euthanasia and the Road to the Peaceful Pill" (2005) and "The Peaceful Pill Handbook" (2006). He has been called "Dr Death" by the media.

Nitschke was born in Ardrossan, South Australia. He lives in the Netherlands.


Sacred fig

Ficus religiosa or the sacred fig is a species of fig on the Indian subcontinent and Indochina. It belongs to "Moraceae", the fig or mulberry family. It is also known as the bodhi tree, pippala tree, peepul tree, peepal tree or ashwattha tree (in India and Nepal).

The sacred fig is considered to have a religious significance in three major religions of the Indian subcontinent: Buddhism, Hinduism and Jainism. It is the type of tree under which Gautama Buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment. Hindu and Jain ascetics also consider the tree to be sacred and often meditate under them.

It begins life as an epiphyte, and eventually surrounds and outlives its host tree. The kind of growth is like dozens of vertical trunks stuck together. In the middle may be a space where the original tree
of another species once grew.

Fayez al-Sarraj

Fayez Mustafa al-Sarraj ( or ; born 1960) is a Libyan politician who was the Chairman of the Presidential Council of Libya and Prime Minister of Libya|prime minister of the Government of National Accord (GNA) of Libya that was formed as a result of the Libyan Political Agreement signed on 17 December 2015. He has been a member of the Parliament of Tripoli. He retired on 15 March 2021.

His father, Mostafa al-Sarraj was a minister during the Libyan Monarchy. Trained as an architect, during the Gaddafi era he worked in the Housing Ministry. In 2014, he served as the Minister of Housing and Utilities in the Maiteeq Cabinet of the GNC. Some critics "regard Sarraj as a politician imposed by foreign powers." At the time of his appointment "Guma el-Gamaty, a member of Libya Dialogue, the UN-chaired body that created the new government, said Sarraj was expected to ask for help to combat Isis and train Libyan units."

In early October 2015, the United Nations envoy to Libya, Bernardino León, proposed a national unity government for Libya, led by a prime minister (Fayez al-Sarraj), three deputies from the country's east, west, and south regions, and two ministers to complete a presidential council. However, this national unity government was rejected by the internationally recognized legislature in Tobruk and the rival government in Tripoli.

Fayez al-Sarraj, and six other members of the Presidential Council and proposed cabinet arrived in Tripoli on 30 March 2016. The following day, it was reported that the GNA has taken control of the prime ministerial offices and that the GNC appointed prime minister Khalifa al-Ghawil had fled to Misrata.

Prior to his initial arrival in Tripoli in March 2016, Sarraj survived two separate assassination attempts.

The government's initial proposed group of ministers was rejected by the House of Representatives (HoR), leading Sarraj to form a government that received a no confidence vote from the HoR. Infighting among rival militias has only intensified, and Libyan citizens have faced economic hardships, including inflation, corruption, and smuggling, that are "melting away the country's cash reserves".


Tornado outbreak of April 2–3, 1982

The tornado outbreak of April 2-3, 1982 was a tornado outbreak across the central United States on Friday, April 2, and Saturday, April 3, 1982.

On Friday, April 2, a series of tornadic supercells formed across northeast Texas and southeastern Oklahoma. It produced an F5 tornado in Speer and Broken Bow, Oklahoma. No deaths were reported from this tornado, however, an F4 tornado in Paris, Texas resulted in ten fatalities.

Later in the evening, the supercells that caused the tornadoes moved into Arkansas, causing more deaths in the state. Missouri saw 13 tornadoes during the timeframe. More tornadoes were reported between 8:00 PM on Friday, April 2, and 3:00 PM on Saturday, April 3.

The outbreak killed 29 people and injured 383 others.

Motorcycle trials

Motorcycle trials are missions that require motorcycles to host. It requires practice and skill to complete motorcycle trials.

The Pokémon Company

The Pokémon Company is a Japanese company founded in 1998 by the same makers of the Pokémon franchise. The Pokémon Company's headquarters is in Tokyo, Japan at the Pokémon Center. It is home to Pokémon toys, games, and other stuff that belongs to the Pokémon franchise. The Pokémon Center is also a mall where people buy goodies and gifts from the Pokémon franchise.

Pikachu is the mascot of The Pokémon Company.

The Pokémon Company also has trading card game booster packs and comics. Some examples of things manufactured by The Pokémon Company include figures, costumes and handheld video games. 

The Pokémon Company has 4 sister companies, each of which is located in different countries in the world.

Abbasanta

Abbasanta ("Abbasànta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,729 people lived there. Its area is 39.85 km². It is 315 meters above sea level.

Aggius

Aggius ("Àggju") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,504 people lived there. Its area is 86.31 km². It is 514 meters above sea level.

Aglientu

Aglientu ("Santu Francìscu di l'Aglièntu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,171 people lived there. Its area is 148.19 km². It is 420 meters above sea level.

Cho Yang-ho

Cho Yang-ho (; 8 March 1949 – 7 April 2019), also known as Y. H. Cho, was a South Korean businessman. He was the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Korean Air, South Korea's flag carrier and largest airline. He served as chairman of the Hanjin Group. He was also a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance. He was born in Incheon, Gyeonggi.

Cho died on 7 April 2019 after an illness in Los Angeles, California, United States. He was 70.

Jim Glaser

James William Glaser (December 16, 1936 – April 6, 2019) was an American country music artist. He was a singer-songwriter and guitarist. 
Glaser was born in Spalding, Nebraska. He was the brother of fellow country musicians Chuck and Tompall Glaser. With his brothers, he was a member of the group Tompall & the Glaser Brothers. He was also a solo artist. In 1984, his single, "You're Gettin' to Me Again" reached No. 1 on "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Hot Country Songs. He was named as Best New Male Vocalist by the Academy of Country Music in 1984. 

Glaser died of a heart attack on April 6, 2019. He was 82.

Empty Homes Tax

An Empty Homes Tax Is a tax on homes that are not lived in for more than six months of the year. A home that is lived in by its owner or a tenant for at least six months does not have to pay this tax. 

The Province of British Columbia, Canada charges an empty homes tax. The rate of the tax which is charged depends on if you are a Citizen of Canada. This tax is not the same as the City of Vancouver's empty homes tax. 

In the Canadian city of Vancouver, the empty home tax is one percent of the assessed value of the home. A CBC report said that rental vacancy rate rose only 0.1% after the tax started. The report also said that the tax was going to bring the city $38 million. The city spent $10 million putting this new tax in 2018 into effect.

In the City of Santa Cruz a group is trying to put a measure for an empty home tax for the November 2022 ballot. The group has registered with the California Secretary of State as a ballot measure committee to support the passage of the ballot measure. The "Empty Home Tax" would create a tax on homes that are lived in for less than 120 days of the calendar year. A home that is lived in by owner or tenant for at least 120 days do not have to pay this tax. This tax also does not apply to homes whose owners have hardships such going into long term care, long hospital stays and other reasons. 



Collège La Cité

La Cité, also called La Cité collégiale, is a French language college in Ottawa, Canada.


Lloyd McDermott

Lloyd Clive McDermott (11 November 1939 – 6 April 2019) was an Australian rugby player and lawyer. He was Australia's first indigenous barrister. He was also the second indigenous person to represent his country in rugby union (after Cecil Ramalli). He played two matches for the Wallabies against New Zealand's All Blacks in 1962. He later played rugby league for a short time. He was born in Eidsvold, Queensland.

McDermott died on 6 April 2019 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 79.

Joe Dolce

Joseph Dolce (born 13 October 1947) is an American-born Australian singer-songwriter, poet and essayist. He had international fame with the 1980 hit song "Shaddap You Face". The song sold millions worldwide was released under the name of his one-man show called Joe Dolce Music Theatre. "Shaddap You Face" was charted at No. 1 in many countries including Australia, France, Germany, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It is Australia's most successful single in terms of sales (450,000 units as of 2013).

Dolce was born in Painesville, Ohio. His parents were Italian-Americans. He moved to Melbourne, Victoria in 1978.



Shaddap You Face

"Shaddap You Face" is a song by singer-songwriter Joe Dolce (released as Joe Dolce Music Theatre). It came out in Australia in 1980. The comedy song is about a made up rebellious Italian boy. The song charted at No. 1 in many countries including Australia, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

"Shaddap You Face" sold millions of records around the world. As of 2013, it sold 450,000 units in Australia. This makes it the country's the most successful single terms of sales.

Sammy Hagar

Samuel Roy Hagar (born October 13, 1947), nicknamed "The Red Rocker", is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. He became famous in the 1970s, as the lead singer of the hard rock band Montrose. He then had a successful solo career. He had a hit single in 1984 with "I Can't Drive 55". He replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer of Van Halen in 1985. He left the group in 1996. He later returned to the band for a two-year reunion from 2003 to 2005. On March 12, 2007, Hagar was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Van Halen.

Hagar was born in Salinas, California. He is of Irish and Italian ancestry. He was married to his first wife Betsy Berardi from 1968 until their divorce in 1994. Berardi and Hagar have two sons together. He married Kari in 1995. The couple have two daughters.


Victorian Socialists

The Victorian Socialists is a political party in Australia made in 2018. It is a socialist party that focuses on housing, public transport, and worker's rights. It has links to trade unions.

Judy Parfitt

Judy Catherine Claire Parfitt (born 7 November 1935) is an English television, theatre and movie actress. Her first movie appearance was a small part in "Information Received" (1961). That was followed by a supporting role in the BBC series "David Copperfield" (1966).

Parfitt later played Queen Gertrude in the 1969 version of "Hamlet". In 1995 she played Vera Donovan in the horror thriller movie "Dolores Claiborne". In 2003 she played Maria Thins in the historical romance movie "Girl with a Pearl Earring". She was nominated for a BAFTA Award for her part.

Parfitt was born in Sheffield, England.



Ascending node

The ascending node (Ω) is one element of the orbital that must be specified to define the orientation of an elliptical orbit. The other orbital elements are inclination, and the argument of periapsis (ω).

The ascending node is usually quoted as the angular position at which a celestial body passes from the southern side of a reference plane to the northern side, hence ‘ascending’. For objects orbiting the Sun, the most convenient reference plane is the orbital plane of the Earth. In other systems, such as orbits of satellites around a planet, a more appropriate reference plane must be used.

O'Shea Jackson Jr.

O'Shea Jackson Jr. (born February 24, 1991), also known as OMG, is an American actor and rapper. He is the oldest son of gangsta rapper Ice Cube. He played his father in the 2015 movie "Straight Outta Compton".

In the movie "Ingrid Goes West", Jackson Jr. played Dan Pinto, a Batman-obsessed inspiring screenwriter.

Pyrophone

A pyrophone, also called a “fire organ”, is a type of musical instrument, specifically an organ. However, unlike regular organs, pyrophones make sounds by combustion inside of glass tubes, instead of just pushing air through pipes. It was invented by French physicist and musician Georges Frédéric Eugène Kastner.

Lasse Hallström

Lasse Hallström (born 2 June 1946) is a Swedish movie director. He directed almost all music videos from the group ABBA.

Hallström was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for the 1985 movie "My Life as a Dog". He was later nominated again for "The Cider House Rules". His other famous works include "What's Eating Gilbert Grape" and "Chocolat".

Hallström was born in Stockholm, Sweden. He later moved to Bedford, New York.

Thelma Houston

Thelma Houston (born Thelma Jackson on May 7, 1946) is an American singer and actress. She had a #1 hit with her version of "Don't Leave Me This Way". The song won the Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance.

Houston made guest-star appearances, including "Cagney & Lacey" and "Simon & Simon". She later acted in the movies "Beloved" and "54".

Houston was born in Leland, Mississippi.

Vasily Likhachyov

Vasily Nikolayevich Likhachyov (; 5 January 1952 – 8 April 2019) was a Russian politician. He served as the Permanent Representative for Russia to the European Council, and as Deputy Minister of Justice. He was also vice-president of the federal subject of Tatarstan. From 2011 until his death, he was a State Duma deputy for the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. Likhachyov was born in Gorky (now known as Nizhny Novgorod).

Likhachyov died on 8 April 2019, at the age of 67.

Hugo Ballesteros Reyes

Hugo Eugenio Ballesteros Reyes (3 January 1931 – 7 April 2019) was a Chilean politician and diplomat. He served as a member of the Senate from 1957 to 1965. He was also a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1969 to 1977. He served as his country's ambassador to the United Nations. He was born in Santiago.

Ballesteros Reyes died of brain cancer on 7 April 2019 in Valparaíso. He was 88.

Eva Moser

Eva Moser (26 July 1982 – 31 March 2019) was an Austrian chess player. She was awarded the titles International Master (IM), in 2004, and Woman Grandmaster (WGM), in 2003, by FIDE. 

She was the first woman to win the Austrian Chess Championship in 2006. She also won the Austrian women's championship in 2010 and 2011. She competed in the Women's World Chess Championship (WWCC) in 2008. She was born in Tamsweg, Salzburg.

Moser died of leukaemia on 31 March 2019 in Graz. She was 36.


Xerocole

A xerocole (from Modern Greek xēros , meaning 'dry', and Latin col(ere), meaning 'to inhabit'), is an animal adapted to live in the desert. The main problems these animals face are very little water to drink, and a very hot environment. Xerocoles tend to be nocturnal or crepuscular to escape the heat.

Xerocoles have many ways to conserve (save up) the water in their body. Most xerocoles do not sweat, or sweat very little. Many desert birds and mammals have oils on their skin to prevent water from escaping. There is also very little water in their urine and feces.

And so on.

Montresta

Montresta ("Montrèsta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 489 people lived there. Its area is 31.16 km². It is 410 meters above sea level.

Courgevaux

Courgevaux () is a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Nina Lagergren

Nina Viveka Maria Lagergren ("née" von Dardel; 3 March 1921 – 5 April 2019) was a Swedish businesswoman. She was the half-sister of Raoul Wallenberg. She was known for her trying to find out what happened to him after his disappearance. She was the founder of the Raoul Wallenberg Academy. She also presented the radio program "Sommar i P1" in 2014.

Lagergren was born in Stockholm. She was married to Gunnar Lagergren from 1943 until his death in 2008. The couple had four children. Their oldest daughter, Nane, was the married to Kofi Annan, the 7th Secretary-General of the United Nations.

Lagergren died on 5 April 2019 in Djursholm, Danderyd Municipality. She was 98.

Courtepin

Courtepin is a municipality of the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Barberêche, Villarepos and Wallenried merged into Courtepin.


Cressier, Fribourg

Cressier () is a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Greng

Greng is a municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Ulmiz

Ulmiz () is a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Meyriez

Meyriez () is a municipality in See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Misery-Courtion

Misery-Courtion is a municipality of the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The municipality was created on 1 January 1997 by the villages of Misery, Courtion, Cormérod, and Cournillens.

Avenches

Avenches is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Vaud, in Broye-Vully. It was created on 1 September 2006, the village of Donatyre merged into Avenches and on 1 July 2011, the former municipality of Oleyres merged into Avenches.


Courlevon

Courlevon was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Courlevon, Jeuss, Lurtigen and Salvenach became the municipality of Murten/Morat.


Lurtigen

Lurtigen () was a municipality of the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Courlevon, Jeuss, Lurtigen and Salvenach merged into Murten.

Jeuss

Jeuss () was a municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Courlevon, Jeuss, Lurtigen and Salvenach merged into Murten.

Jaun

Jaun () is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It is the only German-speaking municipality in Gruyère.


Salvenach

Salvenach () was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Courlevon, Jeuss, Lurtigen and Salvenach merged into Murten.

Sachin Bansal

Sachin Bansal (born August 5, 1981) is an Indian technology entrepreneur and an ardent, amateur gamer. He is best known as the co-founder of Flipkart that was acquired by Walmart (77 per cent stakes) at $16 billion in 2018. During his career at Flipkart that spanned 11 years, Bansal held the position of chief executive officer and Executive chairman. In 2018, Bansal exited Flipkart along with the Walmart deal.

In 2007, Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal (not related) founded Flipkart whose valuation in 2018 was $20.8 billion. In 2018, Bansal held 5.5 per cent stake in Flipkart, which he sold off to Walmart and his net worth then was a little over $1 billion. In May 2018, Bansal announced that after stepping down as the Executive Chairman of Flipkart, he would be focusing on pending personal projects, gaming and brushing up his coding skills.

Bansal was born in Chandigarh, India, on August 5, 1981. His father is a business man and mother is a homemaker. Bansal attended Indian Institute of Technology Delhi and graduated as a Computer Science engineer in 2005. During the course of his education, Bansal had considered giving up his engineering seat to pursue a career in gaming. Age of Empires and Quake III Arena are the games that he was playing in his early life. After graduation, Bansal worked at Techspan for a few months and later in 2006 he joined Amazon Web Services as a Senior Software Engineer. In 2007, Bansal quit Amazon to start his own venture.

In October 2007, Bansal and his co-founder, Binny Bansal, started an online bookstore, Flipkart, with an initial capital of ₹400,000 (US$5,600). For about 18 months they received ₹10,000 every month as allowance from their parents. They first started operating out of an apartment in Koramangala, in Bangalore, India. In the first few months, according to Bansal's own claims, he oversaw all business details, from building the first version of their website to sourcing book to packing and delivering them. From inception until 2016, Bansal held the position of chief executive officer and from 2016 until 2018, he held the position of Executive Chairman. In 2018, Bansal signed a non-compete clause with Walmart and exited Flipkart. The non-compete clause restricted Bansal from starting any business that directly or indirectly competed with Flipkart for 18 months and in making any investments in businesses competing with Flipkart for 36 months from his departure.

In December 2018, Bansal founded BAC Acquisitions Private Limited, a venture that focused on building and acquiring technology-driven businesses in diverse industry verticals. Since 2014, Bansal has made 18 investments in local, early-stage startups where the deal size was $1–2 million. In 2019, Bansal invested $100 million in Ola and received a stake holding of 0.37 per cent. In February 2019, he had investments in Ola, Grey Orange, Ather Energy, SigTuple, Inshorts, Unacademy and TeamIndus.


Sachin Bansal is married to Priya Bansal, a dentist by training and profession. They have one son.

Büchslen

Büchslen () was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, it became a part of Murten.

Utøya

Utøya is an island in the Tyrifjorden lake in Hole municipality, in the county of Buskerud, Norway. On 22 July 2011, Utøya was the site of a mass shooting carried out by Anders Behring Breivik. The terrorist attack killed 69 on or near the island.

Barberêche

Barberêche (; ) was a municipality of the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It lies on the "language boundary" between the French- and German-speaking parts of Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Barberêche, Villarepos and Wallenried merged into the municipality of Courtepin.

Villarepos

Villarepos () was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Villarepos, Barberêche and Wallenried merged into the municipality of Courtepin.

Wallenried

Wallenried () was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Barberêche, Villarepos and Wallenried merged into the municipality of Courtepin.

Bas-Vully

Bas-Vully (German: "Niederwistenlach" and "Unterwistenlach") was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. Until 1977, it was officially known as "Vully-le-Bas". On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Bas-Vully and Haut-Vully merged into the new municipality of Mont-Vully.

Haut-Vully

Haut-Vully () was a municipality of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. Until 1977, it was officially known as "Vully-le-Haut". On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Bas-Vully and Haut-Vully merged into the new municipality of Mont-Vully.

Villeneuve

Villeneuve, LaVilleneuve, deVilleneuve, or "variation", may refer to:









Dalhart, Texas

Dalhart is a city in Dallam and Hartley counties in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Dallam County. The population was 8,447 at the 2020 census.

Dalhart has a total area of 4.79 square miles.

Dalhart has 8,447 people living there.

Princeton, Idaho

Princeton is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Dimmitt, Texas

Dimmitt ( ) is a city and county seat in Castro County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,171 at the 2020 census.

Gruyères

Gruyères (; ) is a town in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Gruyère

Gruyère cheese is a hard yellow cheese made from cow's milk, named after the town of Gruyères

Gruyère or Gruyere may also refer to:

Eric Swalwell 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Eric Swalwell, the U.S. Representative from California's 15th congressional district, began on April 8, 2019, when it was announced on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert". Swalwell also posted a campaign ad on his social media accounts the same day he announced his candidacy.

He was the third Californian to run for president, behind Senator Kamala Harris and spiritual author Marianne Williamson.

If he was elected, Swalwell would be the youngest president in American history; the first millennial president; the first president with student debt; the first president from the San Francisco Bay Area; the first president from California since Ronald Reagan; and the first president who was in the House of Representatives before becoming president since James A. Garfield in 1881. 

Swalwell ended his campaign on July 8, 2019.

Angels Camp, California

Angels Camp is a incorporated city in Calaveras County, California. At the 2020 census, 3,667 people lived there.

Governor of Tennessee

The Governor of Tennessee is the head of state and government of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor has the power to enforce state laws and the duty to either approve or veto bills passed by the Tennessee Legislature or the Tennessee Senate to assemble the legislature and grant pardons, except in cases of impeachment.

Ruth-Margret Pütz

Ruth-Margret Pütz (born Margret Doerkes, 26 February 1930 – 1 April 2019) was a German operatic coloratura soprano and teacher. She was born in Krefeld-Uerdingen, Rhenish Prussia, Germany. She was a member of the Staatsoper Stuttgart for many years as a guest at the Vienna State Opera. Her best known roles was as Konstanze in Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail". She was one of the leading sopranos of the 1960s.

Pütz died on 1 April 2019 in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg at the age of 89.

Davey Williams (musician)

Davey J. Williams (1952 – April 5, 2019) was an American free improvisation-avant-garde music guitarist and critic. He was born in York, Alabama. He was known for his works with Curlew and LaDonna Smith. Williams co-founded "The Improviser", a journal of experimental music, in 1981. He also worked as a music critic for the "Birmingham News" and published freelance criticism.

Williams died of cancer on April 5, 2019 in Birmingham, Alabama at the age of 66.


Arie Irawan

Muhammad Arie Irawan Ahmad Fauzi (21 August 1990 – 7 April 2019) was a Malaysian professional golfer. He was born in Selangor, Malaysia. Irawan played on the Asian Tour, the Asian Development Tour and the PGA Tour China. He won two events on the Asian Development Tour in early 2015.

On 7 April 2019, Irawan was found dead at his hotel in Sanya, China at the age of 28. The cause of death is unknown though many believe it to be natural.

Nadja Regin

Nadja Regin (, ; 2 December 1931 – 6 April 2019) was a Serbian actress. Starting in Yugoslav films in 1949, she developed an international career in the 1950s, appearing in the 1960s in such British TV series like "Danger Man", "Maigret", "The Benny Hill Show" and "The Saint.

She had a distinction of being among the rare actresses who appeared in two James Bond movies: as the mistress of Kerim Bey in "From Russia with Love" and a smaller appearance in the pre-credit sequence of "Goldfinger".

On 6 April 2019, Regin died at the age of 87.

Sukharev Tower

The Sukharev Tower (Сухарева башня) was a building in the center of Moscow, Russia. It was built from 1692 to 1701 by the architect Mikhail Chugolokov Ivanovich. It was destroyed in 1934. 

The Soviet government of Stalin destroyed it to make Garden Avenue in Moscow. When the building was first opened, it was designed to be a kind of Triumphal Gate In honor of the Tsar, he renounced his war against his sister Sophia Alexeyevna Romanova on the throne. The tower was named in honor of Lorenti Pankerevich Soharb who was the commander of the army. The School of Mathematics and Navigation of Moscow used the tower until 1921. Then it became the Moscow City Hall where it also housed: "Moscow History Museum." Finally, it was destroyed in 1934 for the construction of The Garden Ring Although there were many objections to its destruction among the public and among many Russian architects. The tower was built in the Baroque Narishkin style.

Harry Kesten

Harry Kesten (November 19, 1931 – March 29, 2019) was an American mathematician. He best known for his work in probability, most notably on random walks on groups and graphs, random matrices, branching processes and percolation theory. He wrote 191 papers and has been cited by more than 2,300 researchers. He has been called of the most inventive and important experts of probability theory. He worked at Princeton University, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Cornell University. He was born in Duisburg, Germany and grew up in the Netherlands.

Kersten died in Ithaca, New York on March 29, 2019. He was 87.

Ruth Negga

Ruth Negga (born 7 January 1982) is an Irish actress. She is well known for her role as Mildred Loving in the movie "Loving" (2016). For this role, she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress, Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama, Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead, Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress and won an Irish Film and Television Award for Best Actress. 

Negga has appeared in the movies "Capital Letters" (2004), "Isolation" (2005), "Breakfast on Pluto" (2005) and "Warcraft" (2016). She has also played roles in television, such as in the BBC miniseries "Criminal Justice", RTÉ's "Love/Hate", E4's "Misfits", ABC's "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and AMC's "Preacher".

Negga was born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia's capital city. Her mother is Irish and her father is Ethiopian. She grew up in Limerick.

Wolof people

Wolof people are an ethnic group in Senegal, The Gambia, and Mauritania. Of the people in Senegal, 39.7% are Wolof.

Gabriel Piroird

Gabriel Jules Joseph Piroird (5 October 1932 – 3 April 2019) was a French Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1964. He began serving as the 14th Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Constantine, Algeria on 25 March 1983. He retired on 21 November 2008. He was born in Lyon.

Piroird died on 3 April 2019 in Écully, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. He was 86.


Avi Gabbay

Avraham "Avi" Gabbay (, born 22 February 1967 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli politician.

He was leader of the Israeli Labor Party between 2017 and 2019 and former leader of The Zionist Union. He was CEO of the telecommunications company Bezeq from 2007 to 2013. He was Minister of Environmental Protection between 2015 and 2016.

Richard E. Cole

Richard E. Cole (September 7, 1915 – April 9, 2019) was an American Air Force officer. In April 1942, he was one of the airmen who took part in the Doolittle Raid. He was serving as the co-pilot to Jimmy Doolittle in the lead plane of the raid. He stayed in China after the raid until June 1943. He served again in the China Burma India Theater from October 1943 until June 1944. He later served as Operations Advisor to the Venezuelan Air Force from 1959 to 1962. He retired from the Air Force in 1966. In 2016, he became the last living Doolittle Raid airmen.

Cole was born in Dayton, Ohio. He turned 100 in September 2015. He died on April 9, 2019, at the age of 103.

Copperopolis, California

Copperopolis is a census-designated place in Calaveras County, California. The town is located along California State Route 4 At the 2010 census, 3,671 people lived there. 

San Andreas, California

San Andreas is a census-designated place in Calaveras County, California. It is the county seat of Calaveras County. At the 2010 census, 2,783 people lived there. It was founded in the California Gold Rush. 

Gummy candy

Gummies, gummy candies, or jelly candies are a broad category of gelatin-based or agar-based chewable sweets.


K. M. Mani

Karingozhakkal Mani Mani (30 January 1933 – 9 April 2019) was an Indian politician. He was a member of Kerala Congress (M). He served as MLA of the Kerala Legislative Assembly from 1965 until his death. He was the longest serving MLA in Kerala's history. He was also of Minister of Revenue and Law, as well as Minister of Finance many times.

Mani had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). He died on 9 April 2019 in Kochi. He was 86.

Marilynn Smith

Marilynn Smith (April 13, 1929 – April 9, 2019) was an American professional golfer. She was one of the 13 founders of the Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) in 1950. She won two major championships and 21 LPGA Tour events in all. Her major wins were the Titleholders Championship in 1963 and 1964. She was a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame. She was born in Topeka, Kansas.

Smith died on April 9, 2019, at the age of 89 in Goodyear, Arizona. She was four days short of her 90th birthday.


Auboranges

Auboranges is a municipality in Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The name Auboranges is spoken () 

Billens-Hennens

Billens-Hennens is a municipality of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 1998 from the former municipalities of Billens () and Hennens ( or "Innin") merged into the municipality of Billens-Hennens.


Chapelle, Glâne

Chapelle (Glâne) () is a municipality of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Since 2005, Chapelle (Broye) in the same canton is part of the municipality of Cheiry.

Châtonnaye

Châtonnaye () is a municipality in the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Rue, Switzerland

Rue () is a municipality of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Ursy

Ursy is a municipality in the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001, the former municipalities of Vauderens, Bionnens and Mossel merged into the municipality of Ursy. The former municipality of Vuarmarens merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Ursy.


Montet (Glâne)

Montet is a municipality of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Littlefield, Texas

Littlefield is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Lamb County. 5,943 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Saint-Julien-Innocence-Eulalie

Saint-Julien-Innocence-Eulalie is a new commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It was founded on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Sainte-Innocence (the seat), Sainte-Eulalie-d'Eymet and Saint-Julien-d'Eymet.

Waldighofen

Waldighofen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Felix, California

Felix is a unincorporated community in Calaveras County, California. It is about 340 meters above sea-level, and is 15.3 km west-southwest of Angels Camp. 

Tamarack, California

Tamarack (or Tamarack Camp) is a unincorporated community in Calaveras County. It is 2,107 meters above sea-level. The greatest snow-depth was measured here in January 1911, with snow as deep as 1,145 cm. 

Telegraph City, California

Telegraph City is a unincorporated community in Calaveras County, California. It is 199 meters above sea-level. There was a post office. There between 1862 and 1894. 

Alà dei Sardi

Alà dei Sardi ("Alà") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,879 people lived there. Its area is 197.99 km². It is 663 meters above sea level.

Anela

Anela ("Anèla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 645 people lived there. Its area is 36.89 km². It is 446 meters above sea level.

Ardara

Ardara ("Àldara") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 782 people lived there. Its area is 38.19 km². It is 296 meters above sea level.

Arzachena

Arzachena ("Alzachèna, Altzaghèna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 13,650 people lived there. Its area is 230.85 km². It is 85 meters above sea level.

Badesi

Badesi ("Badèsi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,849 people lived there. Its area is 31.3 km². It is 102 meters above sea level.

Aritzo

Aritzo ("Arìtzo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,303 people lived there. Its area is 75.58 km². It is 796 meters above sea level.

Arzana

Arzana ("Àrthana") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,433 people lived there. Its area is 162.49 km². It is 672 meters above sea level.

Atzara

Atzara ("Atzàra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,133 people lived there. Its area is 35.92 km². It is 553 meters above sea level.

Austis

Austis ("Aùstis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 820 people lived there. Its area is 50.81 km². It is 737 meters above sea level.

Banari

Banari ("Bànari") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 580 people lived there. Its area is 21.25 km². It is 419 meters above sea level.

Benetutti

Benetutti ("Benetùtti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,862 people lived there. Its area is 94.45 km². It is 406 meters above sea level.

Bari Sardo

Bari Sardo ("Barì") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,979 people lived there. Its area is 37.43 km². It is 51 meters above sea level.

Baunei

Baunei ("Baunèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,624 people lived there. Its area is 211.9 km². It is 480 meters above sea level.

Belvì

Belvì ("Brebì") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 634 people lived there. Its area is 18.1 km². It is 787 meters above sea level.

Birori

Birori ("Bìroro") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 531 people lived there. Its area is 17.33 km². It is 450 meters above sea level.

Berchidda

Berchidda ("Belchìdda, Bilchìdda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,773 people lived there. Its area is 201.88 km². It is 290 meters above sea level.

Bessude

Bessude ("Bessùde") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 410 people lived there. Its area is 26.79 km². It is 447 meters above sea level.

Bitti

Bitti ("Bìtzi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,845 people lived there. Its area is 215.37 km². It is 549 meters above sea level.

Bolotana

Bolotana ("Olòthene, Bolòtzana") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,618 people lived there. Its area is 108.44 km². It is 472 meters above sea level.

Bonnanaro

Bonnanaro ("Bunnànnaru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 977 people lived there. Its area is 21.84 km². It is 405 meters above sea level.

Borore

Borore ("Bòrere") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,121 people lived there. Its area is 42.68 km². It is 394 meters above sea level.

Bono, Sardinia

Bono ("Bòno") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,546 people lived there. Its area is 74.54 km². It is 540 meters above sea level.

Bonorva

Bonorva ("Bonòlva") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,432 people lived there. Its area is 149.75 km². It is 508 meters above sea level.

Bortigiadas

Bortigiadas ("Bultigghjàta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 765 people lived there. Its area is 75.9 km². It is 476 meters above sea level.

Borutta

Borutta ("Borùta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 287 people lived there. Its area is 4.76 km². It is 471 meters above sea level.

Bortigali

Bortigali ("Bortigàle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,341 people lived there. Its area is 67.33 km². It is 510 meters above sea level.

Bottidda

Bottidda ("Bòtidda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 694 people lived there. Its area is 33.71 km². It is 396 meters above sea level.

Buddusò

Buddusò ("Buddusò") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,871 people lived there. Its area is 176.84 km². It is 700 meters above sea level.

Budoni

Budoni ("Budùne, Budùni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,148 people lived there. Its area is 54.28 km². It is 16 meters above sea level.

Bultei

Bultei ("Urtèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 950 people lived there. Its area is 96.83 km². It is 509 meters above sea level.

Bulzi

Bulzi ("Bùltzi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 513 people lived there. Its area is 21.67 km². It is 250 meters above sea level.

 nigas

Burgos

Burgos ("Su Bùrgu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 924 people lived there. Its area is 18.08 km². It is 575 meters above sea level.

Cardedu

Cardedu ("Cardèdu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,909 people lived there. It has an area of 33.39 km². It is located at 19 meters above sea level.

Calangianus

Calangianus ("Caragnàni, Calanzànos") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,121 people lived there. Its area is 126.35 km². It is 518 meters above sea level.

Cargeghe

Cargeghe ("Calzèghe, Cagliègga") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 724 people lived there. Its area is 12.05 km². It is 333 meters above sea level.

Castelsardo

Castelsardo ("Calthèddu, CastèdduSardu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,954 people lived there. It has an area of 43.34 km². It is located at 114 meters above sea level.

Cheremule

Cheremule ("Cherèmule") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 434 people lived there. Its area is 24.25 km². It is 540 meters above sea level.

Chiaramonti

Chiaramonti ("Tzaramònte, Ciaramònti, Chjaramònti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,639 people lived there. Its area is 98.61 km². It is 430 meters above sea level.

Codrongianos

Codrongianos ("Codronzànu, Codronzànos") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,309 people lived there. Its area is 30.39 km². It is 317 meters above sea level.

Cossoine

Cossoine ("Cossoìne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 851 people lived there. Its area is 39.17 km². It is 529 meters above sea level.

Erula

Erula ("Èrula") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 745 people lived there. Its area is 39.31 km². It is 457 meters above sea level.

Esporlatu

Esporlatu ("Isporlàtu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 396 people lived there. Its area is 18.4 km². It is 473 meters above sea level.

Desulo

Desulo ("Dèsulu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,350 people lived there. Its area is 74.5 km². It is 888 meters above sea level.

Dorgali

Dorgali ("Durgàli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,602 people lived there. Its area is 226.54 km². It is 390 meters above sea level.

Dualchi

Dualchi ("Duàrche") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 616 people lived there. Its area is 23.41 km². It is 321 meters above sea level.

Elini

Elini ("Elìni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 559 people lived there. Its area is 10.65 km². It is 472 meters above sea level.

Fonni

Fonni ("Onne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,944 people lived there. Its area is 112.27 km². It is 1000 meters above sea level.

Florinas

Florinas ("Fiolìnas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,538 people lived there. Its area is 36.06 km². It is 417 meters above sea level.

Yoke and arrows

The Yoke and the Bundle of Arrows or the Yoke and Arrows (el Yugo y el haz de flechas or el yugo y las flechas) is a badge from the times of the Spanish monarchy of Ferdinand II and Isabella. It represents the unity of the Spanish monarchy and state, and it also promotes the "heroic virtues of the [Spanish] race". The "Y" in "yugo" stands for "Ysabel", as in another spelling of Queen Isabella; and the "F" in "flechas" stands for the first letter in King Fernando's name.
The yoke also takes inspiration from the legend of the Gordian knot, as well as the motto that comes with it, "Tanto monta". The arrows being wrapped together refers to the moral story that claims that, like people, arrows can be easily broken one by one, but less so when they are together.

In the late 1800s, the yoke and arrows became the political symbol of the Spanish socialist party. After more socialist parties were created and decided to use different icons, the fascist Falangist party began to use the yoke and arrows.

Marysville

Marysville can be one of these places in the U.S.:

The Lancet

The Lancet is a weekly peer reviewed general medical journal.

The journal was founded in 1823 by Thomas Wakley, an English surgeon. The word "lancet" has two meanings: a surgical knife, and an architectural term "lancet arch", a window with a sharp pointed arch. This might suggest the "light of wisdom" or "to let in light".

The journal publishes original research articles, review articles ("seminars" and "reviews"), editorials, book reviews, correspondence, as well as news features and case reports. "The Lancet" has been owned by Elsevier since 1991. The journal has editorial offices in London, New York, and Beijing.


List of municipal districts in Alberta

This is an alphabetical list of municipal districts in the Province of Alberta in Canada.

Housing starts

Housing starts is an economic indicator that reflects the number of privately owned new houses (technically housing units) on which construction has been started in a given period.

Leif Haraldseth

Leif Haraldseth (30 November 1929 – 8 April 2019) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He served as the Minister of Local Government from 1986 to 1987. He was also head of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions from 1987 to 1989. He was born in Drammen.

Haraldseth died on 8 April 2019 in Drammen. He was 89.

John Motson

John Walker Motson (10 July 1945 – 23 February 2023), sometimes nicknamed "Motty", was an English football commentator. He began as a television commentator with the BBC in 1971. He commentated on over 2000 games on television and radio. From the late 1970s to 2008, Motson was the main football commentator at the BBC. Although during the 1990s, Barry Davies was chosen for a few finals. In September 2017, he left the BBC. For the BBC, he commentated on 10 FIFA World Cups, 10 UEFA European Championships and 29 FA Cup finals. In 2018, he started working for Talksport.

Motson was born in Salford, Lancashire. He was married to Anne. The couple have a son, Frederick (born 1986). He lived in Little Gaddesden, Hertfordshire. He died on 23 February 2023.


Julio-Claudian dynasty

The Julio-Claudian dynasty was the first five Roman emperors at the start of the Roman Empire. 
They were related to Julius Caesar (Dictator: murdered before becoming emperor).

The Roman society was a class society, and almost all ruling figures were from the Patrician class. Therefore, for the next 100 years the dynasty had many other influential members who were descended from the female members of the dynasty such as Julia the Younger, eldest granddaughter of Augustus. She was also related to Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius and Nero.

The Onion

The Onion is an American satirical digital media company and newspaper organization. It publishes articles on international, national, and local news. The company is based in Chicago. It started as a weekly print publication on 29 August 1988 in Madison, Wisconsin. "The Onion" started publishing online since 1996. In 2007, the organization started publishing sarcastic news, audio and video online as the "Onion News Network". "The Onion" stopped its print edition in 2013. They launched Onion Labs, an advertising agency.

Laxmi Prasad Devkota

Laxmi Prasad Devkota was a Nepali poet, playwright, scholar, and novelist. He is given the title of Mahakavi in Nepali Literature, which means The Great Poet. He is known as the poet with the golden heart. Some of his famous works are "Muna Madan", "Sulochana", "Kunjini", and "Sakuntala".



Flatback turtle

The flatback turtle or sea turtle ("Natator depressus") is an Australian species of turtle in the family Cheloniidae. The species is endemic to the sandy beaches and shallow coastal waters of the Australian continental shelf. It was previously called "Chelonia depressa". 

The turtle gets its common name from the fact that its shell has a flattened or lower dome than the other turtles. It may be olive green to grey with a cream underside. It averages from 76 to 96 cm (30 to 38 inches) in carapace length and can weigh from 70 to 90 kg (154 to 198 lb). 
The hatchlings, when emerging from nests, are larger than other turtle hatchlings. The flatback turtle is listed by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species as Data Deficient, meaning there is insufficient scientific information to decide its conservation status at present. 

The flatback turtle is the least endangered of all of the sea-going turtles. Unlike other turtles, there is not a big human demand for the meat of the flatback. It does not swim far from shore, so it does not get caught in nets as often as other sea turtles. These reasons may be why it is not in more danger of extinction.

Dialect continuum

A dialect continuum is a group of language dialects that change over an area. In a dialect continuum, two dialects are more different when they are farther away from each other. People in the dialect continuum who are nearby may understand each other when they speak. People far away from each other may have trouble understanding each other or may not understand each other at all. For example if a certain area speaks in a specific accent, it would be difficult for people from the same region but different area to understand and communicate. 

Chelidae

The Chelidae are a family of freshwater turtles. They are "side-necked turtles". The family is distributed in Australia, New Guinea, parts of Indonesia, and throughout most of South America. It is a large family of turtles, and its fossil history goes back to the Cretaceous. 

The family Chelidae has about 60 living species in about twenty genera. The family is entirely Gondwanan in origin, with no members found outside Gondwana, either now or as a fossil.

They are called side-necked turtles because they withdraw their heads by moving the head sideways (see Pleurodira). Other turtles, if they withdraw their heads, pull them back in the vertical plane. 

The subfamilies within Chelidae show that most of the South American species and all the Australian species are a clade, that is, evolved from the same ancestor (monophyly. The far more ancient turtle genus "Hydromedusa" is their sister taxon.

Nowadays, all these species live in fresh water, but we know from the fossil record that many of their forebears lived in seas around the world.

Dave Bartholomew

David Louis Bartholomew (December 24, 1918 – June 23, 2019) was an American Hall of Fame rock and roll musician, bandleader, composer, arranger and record producer. His career was based in New Orleans. 

He was known for his partnership with Fats Domino. Their best known songs were "Goin' Home" and "Ain't That a Shame". 

Bartholomew's other hit songs as a composer include "I Hear You Knocking", "Blue Monday", "I'm Walkin'", "My Ding-A-Ling", and "One Night". He is a member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame.

Bartholomew died on June 23, 2019 in New Orleans of heart failure at the age of 100.


Edgard, Louisiana

Edgard is a census-designated place (CDP) in, and the parish seat of, St. John the Baptist Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,948 at the 2020 census. It is part of the New Orleans metropolitan area.

Ecublens, Fribourg

Ecublens () is a municipality of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Ecublens

Ecublens is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Grangettes

Grangettes is a municipality of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

La Folliaz

La Folliaz was a municipality in Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2005, when the municipalities Lussy and Villarimboud joined together to become the municipality La Folliaz. On 1 January 2020, La Folliaz and Villaz-Saint-Pierre joined together to become the new municipality Villaz.

Massonnens

Massonnens is a municipality of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Le Châtelard, Fribourg

Le Châtelard is a municipality of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Mézières, Fribourg

Mézières is a municipality of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2004, the former municipality of Berlens merged into the municipality of Mézières.


Siviriez

Siviriez is a municipality of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

On 1 January 1978, the former municipalities of Villaranon and Le Saulgy merged into the municipality of Siviriez and on 1 January 2004 the former municipalities of Prez-vers-Siviriez, Villaraboud and Chavannes-les-Forts merged into Siviriez.


Torny

Torny is a municipality in the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Middes and Torny-le-Grand merged into the municipality of Torny.


Villaz-Saint-Pierre

Villaz-Saint-Pierre was a municipality in Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipalities La Folliaz and Villaz-Saint-Pierre joined together to become the new municipality Villaz.


Paul Wolfowitz

Paul Dundes Wolfowitz (; born December 22, 1943) is an American political scientist and diplomat. He was the 10th President of the World Bank, United States Ambassador to Indonesia, U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense, and former dean of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University.

He was said to be a leading neoconservative.

After serving two years, he resigned as president of the World Bank Group due to scandals.

Vuarmarens

Vuarmarens was a municipality in Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, Esmonts became part of Vuarmarens. On 1 January 2012, Vuarmarens became part of Ursy.

Sandy Ratcliff

Alexandra "Sandy" Ratcliff (2 October 1948 – 7 April 2019) was an English actress. She was best known for being one of the original cast members in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" in the 1980s. She portrayed played Sue Osman but left the role in 1989, after it was revealed that she was addicted to heroin and alcohol. Ratcliff was born in London.

Ratcliff died in her sleep at her home in London on 7 April 2019, aged 70.

Nikolai Gorbachev

Nikolai Stepanovich Gorbachev (, ; May 15, 1948 – April 9, 2019) was a Soviet-born Belarusian sprint canoer. He competed in the early to mid-1970s. He won a gold medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

Gorbachev also won three medals in the K-4 10000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (1974) and two bronzes (1971, 1975).

Gorbachev died on April 9, 2019 at the age of 70.

Villorsonnens

Villorsonnens is a municipality of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The municipality was created in 2001 when the municipalities of Chavannes-sous-Orsonnens, Orsonnens, Villargiroud and Villarsiviriaux joined together and became one new municipality.


James D. Hudnall

James David Hudnall (April 10, 1957 – April 9, 2019) was an American writer. He was born in Santa Rosa, California. Hudnall began his career in the comic book field in 1986 with the series "Espers", published by Eclipse Comics

He later worked for Marvel and DC on such titles as "Alpha Flight", "", and his own creation "Interface", which was a sequel to "Espers". He also wrote graphic novels such as "", "Sinking", "Streets" and "The Psycho".

Hudnall had diabetes, which in 2015 led to the amputation of his right leg. He died April 9, 2019, one day before his 62nd birthday.

Charles Van Doren

Charles Lincoln Van Doren (February 12, 1926 – April 9, 2019) was an American writer and editor. He was known for being involved in a television quiz show scandal in the 1950s. 

In 1959 he testified before the United States Congress that he had been given the correct answers by the producers of the show "Twenty-One". He was fired by NBC, he joined the Encyclopedia Britannica in 1959, becoming a vice president and writing and editing many books before retiring in 1982.

Van Doren died in a retirement community in Canaan, Connecticut on April 9, 2019 at the age of 93.


Canaan, Connecticut

Canaan is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 1,080 at the 2020 census.

Vuisternens-devant-Romont

Vuisternens-devant-Romont is a municipality of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2003 when the municipalities of Estévenens, Villariaz, Lieffrens, Sommentier, Les Ecasseys, La Magne and La Joux joined together to become the new municipality, Vuisternens-devant-Romont. Since 2004, La Neirigue became a part of Vuisternens-devant-Romont.


Earl Thomas Conley

Earl Thomas Conley (October 17, 1941 – April 10, 2019) was an American country music singer-songwriter known for many hit records, including his 1981 top hit "Fire and Smoke" ("...what a rush I got..."). Between 1980 and 2003, he recorded ten studio albums, including seven for the RCA Records label. He had more than 30 hit records, along with his hit-single "Holding Her and Loving You". As a songwriter, he also wrote popular songs for other singers, with Mel Street's number 13 hit "Smokey Mountain Memories" or Conway Twitty's song "This Time I've Hurt Her More".

Throughout his career, Conley's music was called the "thinking man's" country. This is because the narrator looks into the heart and soul of his characters in each song.

Conley died on April 10, 2019 in Nashville, Tennessee from problems caused by dementia at the age of 77.

Avry

Avry is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The municipality was created on 1 January 2001, when the municipalities of Avry-sur-Matran and Corjolens joined together to become Avry.


Goshen, Connecticut

Goshen is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 3,150 at the 2020 census.

Neyruz

Neyruz is a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Weckolsheim

Weckolsheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Arundhati Ghose

Arundhati Ghose (25 November 1939 – 25 July 2016) was an Indian diplomat. She was Permanent Representative of India to the United Nations Office at Geneva and was head of the Indian delegation that participated in the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva in 1996. She also served as Ambassador to South Korea and Egypt.

Bresegard bei Eldena

Bresegard bei Eldena is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Whitewash

Whitewash, also called calcimine, kalsomine, calsomine, or lime paint, is a type of paint. 

Whitewash is made of slaked lime (calcium hydroxide) and chalk (calcium carbonate). It is used to make surfaces white. It protects and presents a clean surface. Whitewash may be used to paint the outsides and the insides of homes and other buildings.

Other things may be added to whitewash, such as water glass (sodium silicate), glue, egg white, Portland cement, salt, soap, milk, flour, and soil. To change the colour of whitewash, people used different materials. For example, pig's blood was used to make whitewash pink, and blue laundry dye was used to make whitewash blue.

Whitewashing

Whitewashing can mean to really make something look white and clean, but it can also be a metaphor:


Aidomaggiore

Aidomaggiore ("Aidumajòre, Bidumajòre") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 451 people lived there. Its area is 41.21 km². It is 250 meters above sea level.

Albagiara

Albagiara ("Ollàsta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 263 people lived there. Its area is 8.87 km². It is 215 meters above sea level.

Ales

Ales ("Àbas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,440 people lived there. Its area is 22.45 km². It is 194 meters above sea level.

Allai

Allai ("Àllai") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 364 people lived there. Its area is 27.36 km². It is 60 meters above sea level.

Arborea

Arborea ("Arborèa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,910 people lived there. Its area is 94.96 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Arbus

Arbus ("Àrbus") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of South Sardinia in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,336 people lived there. Its area is 269.12 km². It is 311 meters above sea level.

Ardauli

Ardauli ("Ardaùle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 873 people lived there. Its area is 20.53 km². It is 421 meters above sea level.

Armungia

Armungia ("Armùngia, Armùnja") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 474 people lived there. Its area is 54.75 km². It is 366 meters above sea level.

Assolo

Assolo ("Assòlu, Assòu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 391 people lived there. Its area is 16.37 km². It is 255 meters above sea level.

Asuni

Asuni ("Asùni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 345 people lived there. Its area is 21.34 km². It is 233 meters above sea level.

Baradili

Baradili ("Bobàdri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 83 people lived there. Its area is 5.57 km². It is 165 meters above sea level.

Ballao

Ballao ("Ballàu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 812 people lived there. Its area is 46.63 km². It is 98 meters above sea level.

Barrali

Barrali ("Barràbi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,128 people lived there. Its area is 11.23 km². It is 140 meters above sea level.

Barumini

Barumini ("Barùmini") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,276 people lived there. Its area is 26.4 km². It is 202 meters above sea level.

Baratili San Pietro

Baratili San Pietro ("Boàtiri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,312 people lived there. Its area is 6.1 km². It is 11 meters above sea level.

Baressa

Baressa ("Arèssa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 651 people lived there. Its area is 12.51 km². It is 165 meters above sea level.

Bauladu

Bauladu ("Baulàu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 689 people lived there. Its area is 24.22 km². It is 38 meters above sea level.

Bidonì

Bidonì ("Bidunìu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 145 people lived there. Its area is 11.72 km². It is 250 meters above sea level.

Bonarcado

Bonarcado ("Bonàrcadu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,597 people lived there. Its area is 28.41 km². It is 284 meters above sea level.

Boroneddu

Boroneddu ("Boronèddu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 149 people lived there. Its area is 4.59 km². It is 206 meters above sea level.

Bosa

Bosa ("Bòsa, 'Osa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 7,929 people lived there. Its area is 128.02 km². It is 2 meters above sea level.

Buggerru

Buggerru ("Bugèrru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,068 people lived there. Its area is 48.33 km². It is 51 meters above sea level.

Burcei

Burcei ("Brucèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,802 people lived there. Its area is 94.85 km². It is 648 meters above sea level.

Busachi

Busachi ("Busàche") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,291 people lived there. Its area is 59.03 km². It is 379 meters above sea level.

Cabras

Cabras ("Cràbas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 9,174 people lived there. Its area is 102.26 km². It is 6 meters above sea level.

Calasetta

Calasetta ("Câdesédda, Cal' e Sèda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,923 people lived there. Its area is 31.06 km². It is 9 meters above sea level.

Carbonia, Sardinia

Carbonia ("Carbònia, Crabònia") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 28,581 people lived there. Its area is 145.54 km². It is 111 meters above sea level.

Carloforte

Carloforte (italian: comune) is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,215 people lived there. Its area is 51.1 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

Castiadas

Castiadas ("Castiàdas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,669 people lived there. Its area is 103.89 km². It is 60 meters above sea level.

Collinas

Collinas ("Fòrru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 846 people lived there. Its area is 20.83 km². It is 249 meters above sea level.

Cuglieri

Cuglieri ("Cùllieri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,671 people lived there. Its area is 120.54 km². It is 479 meters above sea level.

Curcuris

Curcuris ("Crucùris") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 310 people lived there. Its area is 7.18 km². It is 130 meters above sea level.

Decimoputzu

Decimoputzu ("Deximupùtzu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,371 people lived there. Its area is 44.77 km². It is 17 meters above sea level.

Dolianova

Dolianova ("Patiòlla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 9,699 people lived there. Its area is 84.31 km². It is 212 meters above sea level.

Domus de Maria

Domus de Maria ("Dòmus de Marìa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,656 people lived there. Its area is 97.14 km². It is 66 meters above sea level.

Domusnovas

Domusnovas ("Domusnòas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,213 people lived there. Its area is 80.59 km². It is 52 meters above sea level.

Donori

Donori ("Donòri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,094 people lived there. Its area is 35.31 km². It is 141 meters above sea level.

Escalaplano

Escalaplano ("Scaleprànu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,196 people lived there. Its area is 94.04 km². It is 338 meters above sea level.

Escolca

Escolca ("Iscròca") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 589 people lived there. Its area is 14.76 km². It is 416 meters above sea level.

Esterzili

Esterzili ("Istersìli, Stersìli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 643 people lived there. Its area is 100.74 km². It is 731 meters above sea level.

Fluminimaggiore

Fluminimaggiore ("Frùmini Majòri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,882 people lived there. Its area is 108.18 km². It is 63 meters above sea level.

Furtei

Furtei ("Futèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,629 people lived there. Its area is 26.11 km². It is 90 meters above sea level.

Flussio

Flussio ("Frussìo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 440 people lived there. Its area is 6.87 km². It is 305 meters above sea level.

Fordongianus

Fordongianus ("Fordongiànis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 890 people lived there. Its area is 39.48 km². It is 35 meters above sea level.

Genoni

Genoni ("Jaròi, Geròni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 832 people lived there. Its area is 43.79 km². It is 447 meters above sea level.

Genuri

Genuri ("Giaùni, Jaùni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 330 people lived there. Its area is 7.52 km². It is 230 meters above sea level.

Gergei

Gergei ("Gerxèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,224 people lived there. Its area is 36.18 km². It is 374 meters above sea level.

Gesico

Gesico ("Gèsigu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 846 people lived there. Its area is 25.62 km². It is 300 meters above sea level.

Gesturi

Gesturi ("Gèsturi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,252 people lived there. Its area is 46.83 km². It is 315 meters above sea level.

Giba

Giba ("Gìba") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,057 people lived there. Its area is 30.44 km². It is 59 meters above sea level.

Ghilarza

Ghilarza ("Ilàrtzi") is a town and a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,481 people lived there. Its area is 55.46 km². It is 290 meters above sea level.

Goni

Goni ("Gòni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 483 people lived there. Its area is 18.6 km². It is 383 meters above sea level.

Gonnesa

Gonnesa ("Gonnèsa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,033 people lived there. Its area is 48.06 km². It is 40 meters above sea level.

Gonnoscodina

Gonnoscodina ("Gonnoscodìna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 477 people lived there. Its area is 8.82 km². It is 112 meters above sea level.

Gonnosfanadiga

Gonnosfanadiga ("Gònnos") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,611 people lived there. Its area is 125.19 km². It is 180 meters above sea level.

Gonnosnò

Gonnosnò ("Gonnonnò") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 772 people lived there. Its area is 15.46 km². It is 220 meters above sea level.

Gonnostramatza

Gonnostramatza ("Gonnostramàtza") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 896 people lived there. Its area is 17.64 km². It is 104 meters above sea level.

Guamaggiore

Guamaggiore ("Gomajòri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 984 people lived there. Its area is 16.8 km². It is 199 meters above sea level.

Guasila

Guasila ("Guasìba, Guasìlla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,676 people lived there. Its area is 43.51 km². It is 210 meters above sea level.

Guspini

Guspini ("Gùspini") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 11,870 people lived there. Its area is 174.67 km². It is 130 meters above sea level.

Iglesias, Sardinia

Iglesias ("Igrèsias, Bidd 'e Crèsia") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 26,992 people lived there. Its area is 208.23 km². It is 200 meters above sea level.

Isili

Isili ("Ìsili") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,748 people lived there. Its area is 67.84 km². It is 523 meters above sea level.

Laconi

Laconi ("Làconi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,878 people lived there. Its area is 124.75 km². It is 555 meters above sea level.

Las Plassas

Las Plassas ("Is Pràtzas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 240 people lived there. Its area is 11.04 km². It is 148 meters above sea level.

Lunamatrona

Lunamatrona ("Lunamatròna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,699 people lived there. Its area is 20.59 km². It is 168 meters above sea level.

Mandas

Mandas ("Màndas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,192 people lived there. Its area is 45.02 km². It is 457 meters above sea level.

Magomadas

Magomadas ("Magumàdas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 666 people lived there. Its area is 9.02 km². It is 263 meters above sea level.

Marrubiu

Marrubiu ("Marrùbiu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,838 people lived there. Its area is 61.24 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Masullas

Masullas ("Masùddas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,071 people lived there. Its area is 18.68 km². It is 129 meters above sea level.

Milis

Milis ("Mìris") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,555 people lived there. Its area is 18.67 km². It is 72 meters above sea level.

Modolo

Modolo ("Mòdolo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 168 people lived there. Its area is 2.47 km². It is 134 meters above sea level.

Masainas

Masainas ("Masàinas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,313 people lived there. Its area is 23.69 km². It is 57 meters above sea level.

Monastir

Monastir ("Muristèni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,567 people lived there. Its area is 31.79 km². It is 81 meters above sea level.

Mogorella

Mogorella ("Mogorèdda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 442 people lived there. Its area is 17.06 km². It is 265 meters above sea level. 

Mogoro

Mogoro ("Mòguru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,157 people lived there. Its area is 48.99 km². It is 136 meters above sea level.

Muravera

Muravera ("Murèra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,262 people lived there. Its area is 93.51 km². It is 9 meters above sea level.

Morgongiori

Morgongiori ("Mragaxòri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 720 people lived there. Its area is 45.2 km². It is 351 meters above sea level.

Musei

Musei ("Mùsei") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,528 people lived there. Its area is 20.27 km². It is 119 meters above sea level.

Narcao

Narcao ("Narcàu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,300 people lived there. Its area is 85.88 km². It is 125 meters above sea level.

Narbolia

Narbolia ("Narabuìa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,791 people lived there. Its area is 40.5 km². It is 57 meters above sea level.

Neoneli

Neoneli ("Neunèle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 684 people lived there. Its area is 48.01 km². It is 554 meters above sea level.

Norbello

Norbello ("Norghìddo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,228 people lived there. Its area is 26.18 km². It is 350 meters above sea level.

Nughedu Santa Vittoria

Nughedu San Nicolò ("Nughèdu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 819 people lived there. Its area is 67.89 km². It is 577 meters above sea level.

Nurachi

Nurachi ("Nuràchi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,782 people lived there. Its area is 15.97 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Nuragus

Nuragus ("Nuràgus") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 913 people lived there. Its area is 19.9 km². It is 359 meters above sea level.

Nurallao

Nurallao ("Nuràdda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,270 people lived there. Its area is 34.76 km². It is 390 meters above sea level.

Nuraminis

Nuraminis ("Nuràminis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,526 people lived there. Its area is 45.18 km². It is 91 meters above sea level.

Nurri

Nurri ("Nurri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,164 people lived there. Its area is 73.67 km². It is 612 meters above sea level.

Nuxis

Nuxis ("Nùxis, Nùcis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,566 people lived there. Its area is 61.59 km². It is 196 meters above sea level.

Nureci

Nureci ("Nurèci") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 360 people lived there. Its area is 12.87 km². It is 335 meters above sea level.

Ollastra

Ollastra ("Ollàsta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,219 people lived there. Its area is 21.47 km². It is 23 meters above sea level.

Orroli

Orroli ("Arròlli, Arròli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,267 people lived there. Its area is 75.59 km². It is 550 meters above sea level.

Ortacesus

Ortacesus ("Ortacèsus") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 950 people lived there. Its area is 23.63 km². It is 161 meters above sea level.

Pabillonis

Pabillonis ("Pabillònis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,781 people lived there. Its area is 37.42 km². It is 42 meters above sea level.

Palmas Arborea

Palmas Arborea ("Pràmmas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,514 people lived there. Its area is 39.33 km². It is 4 meters above sea level.

Pau

Pau ("Pàu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 300 people lived there. Its area is 13.82 km². It is 315 meters above sea level.

Pauli Arbarei

Pauli Arbarei ("Paùli Arbarèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 616 people lived there. Its area is 15.14 km². It is 140 meters above sea level.

Paulilatino

Paulilatino ("Paùlle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,234 people lived there. Its area is 103.85 km². It is 280 meters above sea level.

Perdaxius

Perdaxius ("Perdàxius") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,455 people live there. Its area is 29.5 km². It is 98 meters above sea level.

Pimentel

Pimentel ("Pramantèllu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,171 people lived there. Its area is 14.97 km². It is 154 meters above sea level.

Pompu

Pompu ("Pòmpu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 257 people lived there. Its area is 5.32 km². It is 147 meters above sea level.

Piscinas

Piscinas ("Piscìnas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 857 people lived there. Its area is 16.89 km². It is 66 meters above sea level.

Portoscuso

Portoscuso ("Portescùsi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,150 people lived there. Its area is 38.09 km². It is 6 meters above sea level.

Bhanubhakta Acharya

Bhanubhakta Acharya was a poet, translator and writer in Nepali Literature. He is given the title of "Adikavi" in Nepali Literature, which means "The First-ever Poet". The great epic Ramayana was translated by him for the first time from Sanskrit to Nepali language.



Magnetostatics

Magnetostatics is the study of magnetic fields in systems where the electric currents are steady (not changing with time).

Magnetostatics is widely used in magnetic storage devices such as in computer memory. Magnetostatic focussing can be got by a permanent magnet or by passing a current through a coil of wire whose axis coincides with the beam axis.

Language border

A language border or language boundary is the line separating two languages. The two languages must be different enough for speakers to not understand each other. If the speakers do understand each other, there will be a dialect continuum with no exact border, and the languages will mix with each other.

A language island is a language area that is fully surrounded by a language border.

Jay Garner

Jay Montgomery Garner (born April 15, 1938) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general. He was appointed in 2003 as Director of the Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance for Iraq following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He was replaced by Paul Bremer.

César Lévano

Edmundo Dante Lévano La Rosa, also known as César Lévano (December 11, 1926 – March 22, 2019) was a Peruvian educator, journalist, writer, teacher and poet. He was director of the Peruvian newspaper Perfil. He was also a professor at the National University of San Marcos.

In 2011, he received the Annual Human Rights Award from the National Coordinator of Human rights.

In 2014 he assumed the management of Diario UNO, previously called "La Primera", and resigned in September 2018 due to lack of payments.

Roger Moore (computer scientist)

Roger D. Moore (November 16, 1939 – March 21, 2019) was an American computer scientist. He worked in the design and implementation of APL.

Moore was a cofounder of I. P. Sharp Associates and held a senior position in the company for many years. Before this, he worked at Stanford University and wrote the ALGOL 60 compiler for the Ferranti-Packard 6000 and the ICT 1900.Moore and his associates helped many people to see well/ better/ clearer with glasses. Many people are legally blind/ struggle to physically open their eyes without their glasses or a glass like structure nearby.

Redlands, California

Redlands (Serrano: "Tukut") is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is a part of the Greater Los Angeles area. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 73,168. The city is located about east of San Bernardino.

Boris Dubrovin

Boris Anatolievich Dubrovin (; 6 April 1950 – 19 March 2019) was a Russian mathematician. He was awarded the Doctor of Physical and Mathematical Sciences in 1984. He worked at the Scuola Internazionale Superiore di Studi Avanzati (SISSA). His works focused on geometry and non-linear equations.

Dubrovin died on 19 March 2019 from ALS at the age of 68.

Yuya Uchida (singer)

He appeared in many movies, such as Nagisa Ōshima's "Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence". He also starred in the American movie "Black Rain".

On May 13, 2011, Uchida was arrested for assault and trespassing after threatening his former girlfriend. 

Uchida died from pneumonia in a Tokyo hospital on March 17, 2019, aged 79.

Katherine Waterston

Katherine Boyer Waterston (born March 3, 1980) is a British born-American actress. Her first feature movie was the legal thriller movie "Michael Clayton" (2007). In the movie "Steve Jobs", she played Chrisann Brennan.

Waterston had a starring role as Tina Goldstein in "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016).

Waterston has won several awards for her acting.

Waterston was born in Westminster, London, England.

Red McCombs

Billy Joe "Red" McCombs (October 19, 1927 – February 19, 2023) was an American businessman and philanthropist.

McCombs is the founder of the Red McCombs Automotive Group in San Antonio, Texas, a co-founder of Clear Channel Communications, chairman of Constellis Group, a former owner of the San Antonio Spurs, San Antonio Force, Denver Nuggets and the Minnesota Vikings. He is on the Forbes 400 list of richest Americans. He is also known for his philanthropy.

McCombs died at his home in San Antonio on February 19, 2023, at the age of 95.

Spur, Texas

Spur is a city in Dickens County, Texas, United States. The population was 863 at the 2020 census.

Spur is located in southern Dickens County at (33.477650, -100.857018). 

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Homo luzonensis

Homo luzonensis is the name given to some fossil bones of a hominin. The place of discovery was in the north of Luzon, a large island in the Philippines.

The remains are about 67,000 years old. They are small bones and teeth from Callao Cave. Researchers think they are from a hitherto unknown species. At least one expert, Aida Gómez-Robles, "is hesitant to unequivocally say the find represents a new species".

The archaeologist who found the remains is Armand Mijares. He had dug in Callao Cave in 2003, but he stopped at a little more than one meter deep. He said that the discovery of "Homo floresiensis", a hominin from about 50,000 BP found in Indonesia in 2004, led him to return to the cave in 2007. About a meter and a half below where he had stopped before, his team found fossil bones. One of the bones was a human metatarsal, a foot bone.

At first, Mijares thought the fossil bone could belong to a small "Homo sapiens". But after more digging in 2011 and 2015, he and his team recovered more bones and some teeth. These remains from at least three individuals were seen as too different to belong to "Homo sapiens". Therefore, scientists working on the material have said it is a new species.

Zoë Kravitz

Zoë Kravitz (born December 1, 1988) is an American actress, singer and model. She is the daughter of musician Lenny Kravitz and Lisa Bonet. She is of African-American, Afro-Bahamian and Ashkenazi Jewish (from Belarus, Moldova, Poland, Russia and Ukraine) descent. Kravitz first acted in the 2007 movie "No Reservations". She is known for her role as Catwoman in the 2022 movie "The Batman".

Kravitz' first big role was as Angel Salvadore in the 2011 superhero movie "". She later had supporting roles in movies, like "The Lego Batman Movie" and the "Harry Potter" spin-off movie "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them". She also acted in independent movies, like "Dope" in 2015 and HBO's drama "Big Little Lies".

Kravitz was the face of Vera Wang's "Princess" fragrance in 2009. She later modeled for "Elle" magazine.

Kravitz is with the group Lolawolf. Lolawolf is an American contemporary R&B and electropop duo. They released their first album, "Calm Down", in 2014. The band toured with Miley Cyrus, Lily Allen and others.

In October 2019, she was cast as Catwoman in the 2022 crime-thriller movie "The Batman".

Kravitz was born in Los Angeles, California.

Kravitz was ranked one of the best dressed women in 2018 by fashion website Net-a-Porter. 

French Republican calendar

The French Republican calendar (), also known as the French Revolutionary calendar ("calendrier révolutionnaire français"), was a calendar. It was used by the French government for about 12 years from late 1793 to 1805. The Paris Commune also used the calendar in 1871. The calendar was made in part to remove all religious and royalist influences from the calendar. It was also an attempt to make the time decimal.

Cephalothorax

The cephalothorax, also called a prosoma, is the body part of some arthropods where the head and the thorax are one.

It is common in crustacea and chelicerates. The cephalothorax may be covered with a tough carapace.

Bossonnens

Bossonnens () is a municipality of the district of Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Châtel-Saint-Denis

Châtel-Saint-Denis ( or "Tsathi-Chin-Dèni") is a municipality and the capital of the district of Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Granges, Switzerland

Granges, officially known as Granges (Veveyse), is a municipality of the district Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


La Verrerie

La Verrerie is a municipality of the district of Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2004, by the former municipalities of Le Crêt, Grattavache, and Progens merged to form La Verrerie. The municipality is administered from Le Crêt.


Le Flon

Le Flon is a municipality of the district Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2004 by the former municipalities of Bouloz, Pont (Veveyse) and Porsel.


Remaufens

Remaufens is a municipality of the district Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Saint-Martin, Fribourg

Saint-Martin is a municipality of the district Veveyse in canton of Fribourg, in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2004 by the former municipalities of Besencens and Fiaugères merged to form Saint-Martin.


Semsales

Semsales is a municipality of the district Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Income taxes in Canada

Every Canadian with income must file an income tax return every year. People earning a small amount are exempt from this requirement. Unlike Americans, Canadian citizens who live outside Canada are exempt from filing an income tax return and paying taxes to Canada, unless their income is derived in Canada.

The income tax returns are assessed by Canada Revenue Agency (CRA). Sometimes the filer must pay and other times they get a refund. Most employees pay income tax in advance through employer deductions. This is called tax withholding. When tax witholding exceeds the income tax due for the year, the employee can get a refund when filing their tax return.

Income tax in Canada is very complex. The Income Tax Act contains over over one million words

The deadline for filing an income tax return is April 30th of the following year. Those who owe money to the government and miss the deadline pay interest on the amount owed plus a penalty.

Dmitri Savitski

Dmitri Petrovich Savitski (; 25 January 1944 – 11 April 2019) was a Soviet-born Russian-French writer and poet. He was well known for his novels "Waltz for K" and "From Nowhere with Love". His books were written in Russian, and translated into languages such as French, English and Italian. He also hosted the radio program "49 Minutes of Jazz". He hosted the Radio Liberty jazz review was from 1989 to 2004. He was born in Moscow.

Savitski lived in France. He died in Paris on 11 April 2019, at the age of 75.

Trent Alexander-Arnold

Trent John Alexander-Arnold (born 7 October 1998) is an English professional footballer. He plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team. He plays as a right-back. He was born in Liverpool.

Alexander-Arnold is an academy graduate of Liverpool. He made played his first senior game for Liverpool in 2016, aged 18. He has since made over 70 appearances and won the club's Young Player of the Season award in 2017 and 2018. He won the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League with Liverpool, starting in the final.

Alexander-Arnold represented England at all youth levels from under-16 through to under-21. He then played his first senior game for his country in June 2018. He played for England at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Liverpool

England

Individual

Gadoni

Gadoni ("Adòni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 795 people lived there. Its area is 43.44 km². It is 696 meters above sea level.

Gairo

Gairo ("Gàiru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,444 people lived there. Its area is 77.49 km². It is 670 meters above sea level.

Galtellì

Galtellì ("Gartèddi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,434 people lived there. Its area is 56.53 km². It is 35 meters above sea level.

Gavoi

Gavoi ("Gavòi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,664 people lived there. Its area is 38.06 km². It is 777 meters above sea level.

Giave

Giave ("Tzàve") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 537 people lived there. Its area is 47.07 km². It is 595 meters above sea level.

Girasole

Girasole ("Gelisùli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,291 people lived there. Its area is 13.16 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

Golfo Aranci

Golfo Aranci ("Fìgari") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,452 people lived there. Its area is 37.43 km². It is 19 meters above sea level.

Ilbono

Ilbono ("Irbòno") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,252 people lived there. Its area is 31.13 km². It is 400 meters above sea level.

Illorai

Illorai ("Illorài") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 861 people lived there. Its area is 57.19 km². It is 503 meters above sea level.

Irgoli

Irgoli ("Irgòli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,309 people lived there. Its area is 75.3 km². It is 26 meters above sea level.

Ittireddu

Ittireddu ("Itirèddu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 504 people lived there. Its area is 23.69 km². It is 313 meters above sea level.

Ittiri

Ittiri ("Ìtiri Cannèdu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,619 people lived there. Its area is 111.46 km². It is 400 meters above sea level.

Jerzu

Jerzu ("Jèrsu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,166 people lived there. Its area is 102.61 km². It is 427 meters above sea level.

La Maddalena

La Maddalena ("A Madalèna, Sa Madalèna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 11,246 people lived there. Its area is 52.01 km². It is 19 meters above sea level.

Laerru

Laerru ("Laèrru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 906 people lived there. Its area is 19.85 km². It is 165 meters above sea level.

Loculi

Loculi ("Lòcula") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 517 people lived there. Its area is 38.15 km². It is 26 meters above sea level.

Loceri

Loceri ("Lòceri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,293 people lived there. Its area is 19.37 km². It is 206 meters above sea level.

Lanusei

Lanusei ("Lanusè") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,399 people lived there. Its area is 53.17 km². It is 595 meters above sea level.

Lodè

Lodè is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,692 people lived there. Its area is 123.45 km². It is 345 meters above sea level.

Mara

Mara ("Màra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 612 people lived there. Its area is 18.64 km². It is 257 meters above sea level.

Mamoiada

Mamoiada ("Mamujàda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,544 people lived there. Its area is 48.83 km². It is 544 meters above sea level.

Macomer

Macomer ("Macumère") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 10,128 people lived there. Its area is 122.77 km². It is 563 meters above sea level.

Luras

Luras ("Lùras, Lùrisi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,556 people lived there. Its area is 87.59 km². It is 508 meters above sea level.

Luogosanto

Luogosanto ("Locusàntu, Logusàntu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,883 people lived there. Its area is 135.07 km². It is 321 meters above sea level.

Lula

Lula ("Lùvula") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,397 people lived there. Its area is 148.72 km². It is 521 meters above sea level.

Lotzorai

Lotzorai ("Lotzorài") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,186 people lived there. Its area is 16.87 km². It is 11 meters above sea level.

Loiri Porto San Paolo

Loiri Porto San Paolo ("Lòiri Poltu Santu Pàulu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,407 people lived there. Its area is 118.52 km². It is 105 meters above sea level.

Lodine

Lodine ("Lodìne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 339 people lived there. Its area is 7.7 km². It is 884 meters above sea level.

Monteleone Rocca Doria

Monteleone Rocca Doria ("Monteleòne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 102 people lived there. Its area is 13.39 km². It is 368 meters above sea level.

Monti

Monti ("Mònte") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,420 people lived there. Its area is 123.82 km². It is 300 meters above sea level.

Martis

Martis ("Màltis, Màlti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 517 people lived there. Its area is 22.96 km². It is 295 meters above sea level.

Muros

Muros ("Mùros") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 852 people lived there. Its area is 11.23 km². It is 305 meters above sea level.

Noragugume

Noragugume ("Noragùgume") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 311 people lived there. Its area is 26.73 km². It is 288 meters above sea level.

Nughedu San Nicolò

Nughedu San Nicolò ("Nughèdu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 819 people lived there. Its area is 67.89 km². It is 577 meters above sea level.

Nule

Nule ("Nule") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,380 people lived there. Its area is 51.95 km². It is 650 meters above sea level.

Nulvi

Nulvi ("Nùjvi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,741 people lived there. Its area is 67.38 km². It is 478 meters above sea level.

Nuoro

Nuoro ("Nùgoro") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 36,925 people lived there. Its area is 192.06 km². It is 549 meters above sea level.

Oliena

Oliena ("Ulìana") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 7,101 people lived there. Its area is 165.74 km². It is 379 meters above sea level.

Ollolai

Ollolai ("Ollolài") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,291 people lived there. Its area is 27.24 km². It is 960 meters above sea level.

Olmedo

Olmedo ("S'Ulumèdu, Urumèddu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,161 people lived there. Its area is 33.47 km². It is 68 meters above sea level.

Olzai

Olzai ("Ortzài, Orthài") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 880 people lived there. Its area is 69.82 km². It is 474 meters above sea level.

Onanì

Onanì ("Onanìe") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 391 people lived there. Its area is 71.97 km². It is 482 meters above sea level.

Onifai

Onifai ("Oniài") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 745 people lived there. Its area is 43.19 km². It is 29 meters above sea level.

Oniferi

Oniferi ("Onièri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 902 people lived there. Its area is 35.67 km². It is 478 meters above sea level.

Orani

Orani ("Oràne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,879 people lived there. Its area is 130.43 km². It is 523 meters above sea level.

Orgosolo

Orgosolo ("Orgòsolo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,210 people lived there. Its area is 222.6 km². It is 620 meters above sea level.

Oristano

Oristano ("Aristànis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 31,687 people lived there. Its area is 84.57 km². It is 9 meters above sea level.

Orosei

Orosei ("Orosèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 7,034 people lived there. Its area is 91 km². It is 19 meters above sea level.

Orotelli

Orotelli ("Orotèddi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,033 people lived there. Its area is 61.18 km². It is 406 meters above sea level.

Ortueri

Ortueri ("Ortuèri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,152 people lived there. Its area is 38.83 km². It is 584 meters above sea level.

Orune

Orune ("Urùne, Orùne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,353 people lived there. Its area is 128.45 km². It is 745 meters above sea level.

Oschiri

Oschiri ("Óschiri, Óscari") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,293 people lived there. Its area is 215.61 km². It is 202 meters above sea level.

Osidda

Osidda ("Osìdde") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 257 people lived there. Its area is 25.68 km². It is 650 meters above sea level.

Osilo

Osilo ("Ósile, Ósili, Ósilu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,059 people lived there. Its area is 98.03 km². It is 672 meters above sea level.

Osini

Osini ("Osìni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 789 people lived there. Its area is 39.81 km². It is 645 meters above sea level.

Ossi

Ossi ("Ossi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,817 people lived there. Its area is 30.09 km². It is 322 meters above sea level.

Ottana

Ottana ("Otzàna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,307 people lived there. Its area is 45.07 km². It is 185 meters above sea level.

Ovodda

Ovodda ("Ovòdda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,602 people lived there. Its area is 40.85 km². It is 751 meters above sea level.

Ozieri

Ozieri ("Otièri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 10,602 people lived there. Its area is 252.13 km². It is 390 meters above sea level.

Casey Wilson

Cathryn Rose "Casey" Wilson (born October 24, 1980) is an American comedian, actress and screenwriter. She played Penny Hartz in the ABC sitcom "Happy Endings". For that, she was nominated twice for a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.

Wilson's other major work includes "Julie & Julia", "Gone Girl" and "The Meddler". On "Saturday Night Live", she had a two-season acting job from 2008 to 2009.

Wilson was born in Alexandria, Virginia.

Andrzej Suski

Andrzej Wojciech Suski (born 24 December 1941) is a retired Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1965. He served as Auxiliary Bishop of Płock from 1986 to 1992. After this, he became the Bishop of Toruń. He retired in November 2017. He was born in Płock.


Andrew Robertson

Andrew Henry Robertson (born 11 March 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer. He plays for Premier League club Liverpool and captains the Scotland national team. He plays as a left-back. He was born in Glasgow.

Robertson started his senior career with Queen's Park in 2012. A year later, he joined Dundee United a year later. He joined English club Hull City in July 2014 for a fee of £2.85 million. In July 2017, he joined Liverpool in July 2017 for a believed fee of around £8 million. In his first season with Liverpool, Robertson played in the final of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League, losing 3–1 to Real Madrid. In his second season with the club, he won the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League, with his side defeating Tottenham Hotspur 2–0 in the final.

Robertson has played for Scotland since May 2014. He became captain of his country in September 2018.

Dundee United

Hull City

Liverpool

Tommy Smith (footballer, born 1945)

Thomas Smith (5 April 1945 – 12 April 2019) was an English footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Liverpool.

Smith was best remembered for his time at Liverpool for 16 years from 1962 to 1978. He was known for his firm defensive style. Manager Bill Shankly once said of him: "Tommy Smith wasn't born, he was quarried". He was also nicknamed the "Anfield Iron". His most memorable moment for the club probably came when he scored Liverpool's second goal in the 1977 European Cup Final against Borussia Mönchengladbach. He also played at club level for Tampa Bay Rowdies, Los Angeles Aztecs and Swansea City. He played once for England, in 1971.

Smith had dementia in his final years. He died on 12 April 2019, at the age of 74.


Tommy Smith

Tommy Smith or Tommie Smith may refer to:



Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker (also known as Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker) is an American epic space opera movie produced, co-written and directed by J.J. Abrams.

It is the third and last movie of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy, after "" and "". The movie is produced by Lucasfilm and Bad Robot Productions and was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.

"The Rise of Skywalker" is set one year after "". It is said to be the end of the Skywalker saga.



Irwin L. Jacobs

Irwin L. Jacobs (July 15, 1941 – ) was an American businessman. He was the CEO of several large corporations, formerly including the now-bankrupt Genmar Holdings. In 1973, Jacobs founded COMB ("Close-out Merchandise Buyers"). Jacobs, based in Minneapolis, became wealthy by taking big stakes in Fortune 500.

Jacobs and his wife were found dead with multiple gunshot wounds on the bed in a bedroom of their Orono, Minnesota home on the morning of April 10, 2019. A handgun was found with them and the Hennepin County Medical Examiner said that Irwin Jacobs shot his wife and then himself.

Orono, Minnesota

Orono ( ) is a city on the north shore of Lake Minnetonka in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 8,315 at the 2020 census.

Estrella Zeledón Lizano

Estrella Zeledón Lizano (April 21, 1929 – April 10, 2019) was a Costa Rican politician. She was the First Lady of Costa Rica from 1978 to 1982 during the presidency of her husband, Rodrigo Carazo Odio. She also served on the Executive Council of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) from 1981 until 1985.

Rodrigo Carazo Odio

Rodrigo José Ramón Francisco de Jesús Carazo Odio (27 December 1926 – 9 December 2009) was a Costa Rican politician. He was the President of Costa Rica from 8 May 1978 to 8 May 1982.


Ian Cognito

Ian Cognito (born Paul Barbieri, 21 November 1958 – 11 April 2019) was an English stand-up comedian. Many said his comedy was like Lenny Bruce, Bill Hicks, and Jerry Sadowitz but had no presence in the mainstream media because of his ill-tempered persona. 

Cognito won the Time Out Award for Stand-up Comedy in 1999. 

Cognito died on 11 April 2019 of a heart attack during a comedy gig in Bicester. He was 60.


Dina (singer)

Dina (born Ondina Maria Farias Veloso; 18 June 1956 – 12 April 2019) was a Portuguese pop singer. She was best known for her participation in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest. She was born in Carregal do Sal, Portugal. 

Dina first entered the Portuguese Eurovision selection, "Festival da Canção", in 1980, finishing eighth with "Guardando em mim". She participated again in 1982 with two songs, but could only manage sixth and eighth.

Dina finally got her chance in 1992, when her song "Amor d'água fresca" ("Fresh Water Love") won the competition and went forward as the Portuguese representative in the 37th Eurovision Song Contest. She finished in 17th place.

Dina died on 12 April 2019 in Lisbon from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis at the age of 62.

Forrest Gregg

Alvis Forrest Gregg (October 18, 1933 – April 12, 2019) was an American football player and coach. He played in the National Football League (NFL), the Canadian Football League and the NCAA. 

Gregg was a Pro Football Hall of Fame offensive lineman for sixteen seasons. Gregg was head coach of three NFL teams (Cleveland Browns, Cincinnati Bengals, and the Packers), as well as two Canadian Football League teams (Toronto Argonauts and Shreveport Pirates).

As a head coach, he led the 1981 Bengals to the Super Bowl, where they lost to the 49ers by a score of 26–21.

Gregg died on April 12, 2019 of complications from Parkinson's disease in Colorado Springs, Colorado, aged 85.

Bas-Intyamon

Bas-Intyamon is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2004, by the former municipalities of Enney, Estavannens and Villars-sous-Mont merged to form Bas-Intyamon.

Botterens

Botterens () is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006, the former municipality of Villarbeney merged into the municipality of Botterens.

Broc

Broc ([], ) is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Echarlens

Echarlens () is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Marsens

Marsens is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2001, the former municipality of Vuippens merged into the municipality of Marsens.

Cerniat

Cerniat was a municipality in Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the municipalities Cerniat and Charmey joined together to become the new municipality, Val-de-Charmey.

Charmey

Charmey was a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Charmey and Cerniat merged into the new municipality of Val-de-Charmey.

Crésuz

Crésuz is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Rental vacancy rate

The rental vacancy rate is the percentage of vacant units out of all rental apartments in a given location. It is considered an economic indicator.

Châtel-sur-Montsalvens

Châtel-sur-Montsalvens is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Haut-Intyamon

Haut-Intyamon is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the Canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2002, when Albeuve, Lessoc, Montbovon and Neirivue joined together and became Haut-Intyamon.

Hauteville, Fribourg

Hauteville is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Wendy Williams

Wendy Joan Williams (born July 18, 1964) is an American talk show host, writer, producer, businesswoman, and former radio show host. She has been inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame. She currently hosts the Emmy Award-nominated talk show, "The Wendy Williams Show", that has been aired for ten seasons. She is known for her catchphrase, "How you doin'?"

Williams has been open about her past drug use, particularly with cocaine. In April 2019, Williams suffered an alleged alcohol relapse. Later that month, she filed for divorce from her husband of over two decades, Kevin Hunter, who is also her manager. They share a son, Kevin Jr., born in 2000.

In February 2024, it was announced that Williams was diagnosed with aphasia and frontotemporal dementia.

Ray Clemence

Raymond Neal Clemence (5 August 1948 – 15 November 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Skegness, Lincolnshire. He is one of only 25 players to have made over 1,000 career appearances.

Clemence is best known as part of the Liverpool team from 1967 to 1984. He started his career with Scunthorpe United. He was signed by Liverpool manager Bill Shankly in June 1967. He won five league titles, two domestic cups, two UEFA Cups, three European Cups and other trophies with Liverpool. His final game for Liverpool was in the side's 1–0 win in the 1981 European Cup Final against Real Madrid. He then played for Tottenham Hotspur. He won three trophies with Tottenham, including an FA Cup and a UEFA Cup.

Clemence played for the England national team. He played his first game against Wales in 1972. In total, he made 61 appearances for his country.

Clemence's son, Stephen, was also a footballer.

Clemence had prostate cancer, first making it known to the public in 2005. He died in Corby, Northamptonshire, on 15 November 2020. He was 72.



Israel Folau

Isileli "Israel" Folau (born 3 April 1989) is an Australian professional rugby player. He currently plays rugby league for French team Catalans Dragons. He also played for the Australia national rugby union team from 2013 until he was sacked in 2019. In the National Rugby League (NRL), he played for the Melbourne Storm (2007–08) and the Brisbane Broncos (2009–10). He left rugby league to play Australian rules football in the Australian Football League (AFL). He played for the Greater Western Sydney Giants from 2011 to 2012. From 2013 to 2019, he played rugby union. He played for the New South Wales Waratahs in the Super Rugby.

Folau was born in Minto, New South Wales. He is of Tongan ancestry. He later moved to Queensland. He was a student at Marsden State High School with classmates Chris Sandow and Antonio Winterstein.

Folau is a Christian. In the past, he has made social media posts considered by many to be anti-gay. After similar comments were posted on his Instagram in April 2019, his contract was ended by Rugby Australia.


Rich Brian

Brian Imanuel (born 3 September 1999), better known as Rich Brian (formerly Rich Chigga), is an Indonesian rapper, record producer and singer-songwriter. He is best known for his popular first single "Dat $tick", which was first released in February 2016 on YouTube. The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). His first album, "Amen" (2018), peaked at number 18 on the "Billboard" 200. He released the single "Gospel" in 2017 with Keith Ape and XXXTentacion. He changed his rap name to "Rich Brian" in early 2018.

Rich Brian was born in Jakarta. He is of ethnic Chinese Indonesian descent. He moved to the United States in 2017. He lives in Los Angeles, California.


Ron Livingston

Ronald Joseph Livingston (born June 5, 1967) is an American actor. Livingston is known for his starring role as Peter Gibbons in the 1999 movie "Office Space", as Captain Lewis Nixon in the 2001 miniseries "Band of Brothers" and as Roger Perron in "The Conjuring" (2013). He will also star as Henry Allen, father of The Flash, in the 2022 DC Extended Universe movie "The Flash" (2023).

Marcia Clark

Marcia Rachel Clark (née Kleks, formerly Horowitz; born August 31, 1953) is an American prosecutor, author, television correspondent and television producer. She was the lead prosecutor with the O. J. Simpson murder case.

Clark appeared in the "Pretty Little Liars" episode "Now You See Me, Now You Don't" as Attorney Sidney Barnes in August 2013.

Clark later appeared in the 2016 miniseries "O.J.: Made in America".

Clark was born in Alameda, California.

Goodyear, Arizona

Goodyear (O'odham: "Valin Thak") is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is a suburb of Phoenix and at the 2020 census had a population of 95,294.

Shirley Spork

Shirley G. Spork (May 14, 1927 – April 12, 2022) was an American professional golfer. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. Spork was one of the founders of the LPGA Tour and modern ladies' golf. She never won an LPGA Tour event but she finished second at the 1962 LPGA Championship. She won the 1947 national individual intercollegiate golf championship.

Spork died on April 12, 2022 in Palm Springs, California at the age of 94.

Marlene Hagge

Marlene Hagge (née Bauer; February 16, 1934 – May 16, 2023) was an American professional golfer. She was born in Eureka, South Dakota. Hagge was one of the thirteen founders of the LPGA in 1950. She won one major championship and 26 LPGA Tour career events. She is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame. Hagge died in Rancho Mirage, California of complications from a fall, on May 16, 2023, at the age of 89.


Eureka, South Dakota

Eureka is a city in McPherson County, South Dakota, United States. It is near the North Dakota state line. The population was 813 at the 2020 census.

Eureka was laid out in 1887, and named "Eureka", a Greek word meaning "I have found it!" Eureka is located at (45.769069, -99.621953).

Marlyn Mason

Marlyn Mason (born August 7, 1940) is an American actress, producer, and screenwriter. Mason played the role of Nikki Bell in the television series "Longstreet" (1971-1972). Mason played the main role in the original 1967-68 Broadway production of "How Now, Dow Jones".


Bhim Nidhi Tiwari

Bhim Nidhi Tiwari was a popular Nepali Poet, Novelist and Playwright. He is a popular poet of the post-1950s era. He wrote against smoking, drinking, and gambling. He was a strong believer in social improvements. He contributed over 38 social improvement works to Nepali Literature in different styles.



Peace of Augsburg

The Peace of Augsburg, 1555, was a temporary settlement of religious conflict during the reformation in the Holy Roman Empire. Each prince could now decide whether Lutheranism or Roman Catholicism was to prevail in his land. ("cuius regio, eius religio"). The sides began fighting again in 1618 in what became the Thirty Years War. 

Shahdara District

Shahdara district is one of the districts of Delhi, India.

Bridgewater, Connecticut

Bridgewater is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 1,662 at the 2020 census.

Corbières, Fribourg

Corbières is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipality of Villarvolard merged into the municipality of Corbières.

Grandvillard

Grandvillard is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

La Roche, Fribourg

La Roche is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

La Bélvedère, La Berra, La Breiteneyre, La Serbache, Le Tsubel, Le Villaret and Montsofloz.

Le Pâquier, Fribourg

Le Pâquier is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Morlon

Morlon is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Pont-en-Ogoz

Pont-en-Ogoz is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

In 1970 the village of Pont-en-Ogoz merged with Villars-d'Avry into the municipality of Le Bry. Then, in 2003 the municipalities of Le Bry, Avry-devant-Pont and Gumefens merged to form a larger Pont-en-Ogoz.

Pont-en-Ogoz, Villars-d'Avry, Avry-devant-Pont and Gumefens.


Pont-la-Ville

Pont-la-Ville is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Riaz

Riaz is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. , the municipality has 2,780 people in an area of . The elevation is .


Sâles

Sâles is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2001 by the former municipalities of Maules, Romanens, Rueyres-Treyfayes and Sâles (Gruyère) merged to form Sâles.

Sorens

Sorens is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in the country of Switzerland.

Vaulruz

Vaulruz is a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Villarvolard

Villarvolard was a municipality of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipality of Villarvolard merged into the municipality of Corbières.

Vuadens

Vuadens is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

List of botanical gardens

The list of botanical gardens is ordered alphabetically by country:














Estavayer-le-Lac

Estavayer-le-Lac []<ref name="fc/ks">Florence Cattin/Andres Kristol, "Estavayer-le-Lac FR (La Broye)" in: "Dictionnaire toponymique des communes suisses – Lexikon der schweizerischen Gemeindenamen – Dizionario toponomastico dei comuni svizzeri (DTS|LSG)", Centre de dialectologie, Université de Neuchâtel, Verlag Huber, Frauenfeld/Stuttgart/Wien 2005, und Éditions Payot, Lausanne 2005, , S. 339–340.</ref> () was a municipality of the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland. It is on the south shore of Lake Neuchâtel and is between Yverdon and Bern. It was the capital of the district of Broye.

On 1 January 2012, the former municipality of Font merged into the municipality of Estavayer-le-Lac. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens merged into the new municipality of Estavayer.


Eagle Pass, Texas

Eagle Pass is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Maverick County.

Cheiry

Cheiry () was a municipality in Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. Since 2005, Chapelle became a part of Cheiry. On 1 January 2021, Cheiry became a part of Surpierre.


Mike Jakubo (ice hockey)

Michael Paul Jakubo (July 7, 1947 – April 4, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a left winger. He played for the Los Angeles Sharks in the World Hockey Association. He was also a member of the independent team called the London Lions which played the 1973–74 season against the top European hockey teams. He was born in Sudbury, Ontario.

Jakubo died on April 4, 2019 in Sudbury, Ontario from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease. He was 71.

Thompson Mann

Harold Thompson Mann (December 1, 1942 – April 4, 2019) was an American swimmer. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. At that Olympic Games, he won a gold medal for swimming the lead-off backstroke leg for the winning U.S. team in the 4 x 100-meter medley relay. He and his relay teammates Bill Craig (breaststroke), Fred Schmidt (butterfly) and Steve Clark set a new world record of 3:58.4. Mann also set an individual world record in the 100-meter backstroke swimming his leg (59.6 seconds). He was born in Norfolk, Virginia.

Mann died on April 4, 2019, at the age of 76.


Ivan Mrázek

Ivo "Ivan" Mrázek (18 January 1926 – 4 April 2019) was a Czech professional basketball player and coach. He played as a point guard. In his club career, he won 6 Czechoslovak League championships (1947, 1948 2×, 1949, 1950, 1951) with Brno. He played for the Czechoslovakia national team. He won the gold medal at the EuroBasket in 1946 with the national team. He also won three EuroBasket silver medals, in 1947, 1951 and 1955. He played for Czechoslovakia in two Summer Olympics, in 1948 and 1952.

Mrázek was born in Brno. He died on 4 April 2019, at the age of 93.


Arthur Polonsky

Arthur Polonsky (June 6, 1925 – April 4, 2019) was an American draughtsman, painter and academic. He was known for partaking in Boston Expressionism. From 1950 to 1960, he taught in the painting department at the Boston Museum School. A movie about his life, "Release From Reason", is being made by his son, Emmy Award-nominated director and producer Gabriel Polonsky.

Polonsky was born in Lynn, Massachusetts. He was the son of Russian Jewish immigrants. He was married to Lois Tarlow. The couple had three sons, Eli, D.L. and Gabriel.

Polonsky died on April 4, 2019 in Newton, Massachusetts. He was 93.


Elwyn Berlekamp

Elwyn Ralph Berlekamp (September 6, 1940 – April 9, 2019) was an American mathematician. He was known for his work in computer science, coding theory and combinatorial game theory. He was a professor emeritus of mathematics and EECS at the University of California, Berkeley. He was the inventor of an algorithm to factor polynomials. He was one of the inventors of the Berlekamp–Welch and the Berlekamp–Massey algorithms. These are used for Reed–Solomon error correction.

Berlekamp was born in Dover, Ohio. His family later moved to northern Kentucky. He was married to Jennifer. The couple had three children.

Berlekamp died on April 9, 2019 in Piedmont, California of pulmonary fibrosis-related problems, at the age of 78.

Inex-Adria Aviopromet Flight 1308

Inex-Adria Aviopromet Flight 1308 was a McDonnell Douglas MD-81 aircraft on a Yugoslavian charter flight to the French island of Corsica. On 1 December 1981 the flight crashed on Corsica's Mont San-Pietro, killing all 180 people on board. The crash was the deadliest and first major aviation accident involving a McDonnell Douglas MD-80, as well as the second-deadliest air disaster in France behind Turkish Airlines Flight 981.

Flight 1308 took off from Brnik Airport on a chartered flight from Slovenia (then Yugoslavia) to Corsica's capital city of Ajaccio with 173 Slovenian tourists and 7 crew members. At some point, the co-pilot let his young son enter the cockpit.

While in its holding pattern, the flight was instructed to descend through the minimum holding altitude of 6,800 feet. As it descended, its Ground Proximity Warning System gave off several audio warnings, which the crew did not react to for approximately ten seconds. Three seconds before impact, the crew increased engine power and attempted to climb, but were unable to climb enough. One of the aircraft's wings hit the summit of Mont San-Pietro and broke off. The aircraft then went into an uncontrolled dive and violently crashed on the other side of the mountain eight seconds later, killing everyone on board. The time of the accident was 8:53 a.m. local time (07:53 UTC).

The investigation into the disaster revealed that control mistakenly believed that Flight 1308 was out of its holding pattern, believing it was already located over the sea, while actually it was inland, over the mountainous terrain of Corsica. The crew, apparently surprised at the instruction to descend, repeated several times that they were still in the holding pattern, which the control acknowledged. The crew was unfamiliar with the airport and the area, as this was the first flight of Inex-Adria Aviopromet to Corsica. The imprecise language used by the crew of the MD-81 and the air traffic controller played a significant role in the accident. Air traffic control in Ajaccio was cleared of all charges. The air traffic controller in charge of Flight 1308 was transferred to another airport in France.

At the time of the accident, the Ajaccio airport had no radar system. As a direct result of the accident, the equipment was upgraded and the approach pattern changed.

Some debris and human bodies were removed from the crash site after the accident in 1981. In 2007, POP TV (a TV station in Slovenia) did a news report on the accident. They visited the crash site in Corsica and found many of the airplane's parts still scattered on Mont San-Pietro, in rugged and inaccessible terrain. Then the Government of Slovenia, Adria Airways and Kompas (the Slovenian travel agency that organized the fatal trip in 1981) organized and paid for a clean-up operation. A Slovenian team of about 60 soldiers, mountain rescuers, civil protection and rescue service members, medical personnel, and other volunteers removed about 27 tons of aircraft remains in May 2008. The removed debris included one aircraft engine and large wing parts. Some of the parts were so large they needed to be machine cut before transporting them from the mountain by a helicopter. Several human remains were also found, and were either sent for further identification tests, or were properly disposed. A commemorative plaque was put at the site of the initial wing impact.


Werner Bardenhewer

Joseph Werner Bardenhewer (30 January 1929 − 10 April 2019) was a German Catholic priest and philanthropist. He served as the Dean of Wiesbaden, the state capital of Hesse, from 1974 to 1996. In 1999, he founded the Wiesbaden chapter of the charity organisation africa action. The charity gives help to the health care and education in countries of the Sahel region. In 2016, he was awarded the highest national honour of Burkina Faso. He was born in Arnsberg, North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bardenhewer died on 10 April 2019 in Wiesbaden. He was 90.


Stanley Plumly

Stanley Plumly (May 23, 1939 – April 11, 2019) was an American poet. He wrote many poetry collections. He was the director of the University of Maryland, College Park creative writing program. He was very fond of John Keats and many other British poets from the Romantic era. He wrote a book about Keats called "Posthumous Keats", published in 2008.

Plumly was born in Barnesville, Ohio. He grew up in Ohio and Virginia.

Plumly died of multiple myeloma on April 11, 2019 in Frederick, Maryland. He was 79.


Tony Buzan

Anthony Peter Buzan (2 June 1942 – 13 April 2019) was a British author and educational consultant. He was best known for making the thinking and writing skill called mind mapping popular. He was author or co-author of more 80 books altogether. He was also nominated for two Nobel Prizes, the Nobel Peace Prize and the Nobel Prize in Economics. He was born in Palmers Green, Middlesex.

In April 2019, Buzan had a heart attack and struck his head when he fell at his Oxfordshire home. He died on 13 April 2019, at the age of 76.


ʻEta

The ʻeta, also called by several other names, is a unicameral consonant letter used within the Latin script to mark the phonemic glottal stop, as it is used in many Polynesian languages.

Neus Català

Neus Català i Pallejà (6 October 1915 – 13 April 2019) was a Spanish Resistance fighter and political activist. She was a member of the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia (, PSUC) during the Spanish Civil War. She was the only Catalan survivor of the concentration camp of Ravensbrück.

Català was born in Els Guiamets, Catalonia. She turned 100 in October 2015. She died on 13 April 2019, at the age of 103.

Paul Raymond (musician)

Paul Martin Raymond (16 November 1945 – 13 April 2019) was an English keyboardist, guitarist and songwriter. He was known as a member of the rock band Savoy Brown and more notably UFO. He started his career in 1964 as a jazz musician. He was born in St Albans.

Raymond died of a heart attack on 13 April 2019. He was 73.

D. Babu Paul

Daniel Babu Paul (; 11 April 1941 – 13 April 2019) was an Indian civil servant and writer. He was a member of the Indian Administrative Service. He was also member ombudsman for local self-government institutions of Kerala during 2000–01. He served as vice-chancellor of the University of Kerala. He wrote books in Malayalam language. At the time of his death, he was serving as the independent member of the Kerala Infrastructure Investment Fund Board.

Bab Paul's wife Anna Babu Paul (Nirmala) died in 2000. The couple had a daughter and a son. On 13 April 2019, Babu Paul died of multiple organ failure in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala. He was 78.

Yvette Williams

Yvette Winifred Corlett ("née" Williams, 25 April 1929 – 13 April 2019) was a New Zealand athlete. She won the gold medal in the women's long jump at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. This made her the first woman from her country to win an Olympic gold medal. She was also the first New Zealander to hold the world record in the women's long jump. She was a national champion and a medallist at the Commonwealth Games in long jump, javelin, shot put and discus. On the 100th anniversary of Athletics New Zealand in 1987, Yvette was named "Athlete of the Century".

Williams was born in Dunedin. She married Canadian-born New Zealand sportsman Buddy Corlett in 1954. He died in 2015.

Williams died on 13 April 2019, at the age of 89.


Ivor Broadis

Ivan Arthur "Ivor" Broadis (18 December 1922 – 12 April 2019) was an English professional footballer. He played as an inside forward. His career lasted from 1946 to 1960. He played for clubs Carlisle United (two stints), Sunderland, Manchester City, Newcastle United and Queen of the South. He also played for England 14 times, including at the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He scored eight goals for his country in the early 1950s.

Broadis was born in the Isle of Dogs, Poplar in East London. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living English international footballer. He died in 2019, at the age of 96.

Billy Mainwaring

William Thomas "Billy" Mainwaring (born Gwilym Thomas Mainwaring; 24 January 1941 – 3 April 2019) was a Welsh rugby union player. He played as a second row. He played for Wales in 1967–68. He appeared for his country six times. He played for amateur teams Taibach, Aberavon, Bridgend and the Barbarians. He was born in Port Talbot. He worked as a steelworker.

Mainwaring died after a long illness on 3 April 2019, at the age of 78.


Barnesville, Ohio

Barnesville is a village in Belmont County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village had a population of 4,008.

Ski Mask the Slump God

Stokeley Clevon Goulbourne (born April 18, 1996), known professionally as Ski Mask the Slump God (formerly stylized as $ki Mask "The Slump God"), is an American rapper and songwriter. He first became known for his work with XXXTentacion and their hip hop collective Members Only. His 2017 songs "Catch Me Outside" and "Babywipe" were certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). His first album, "Stokeley", was released in November 2018.

Goulbourne was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He is of Jamaican ancestry/descent. His father was a rapper who used the stage name "Sin City".

Studio albums

Collaborative albums

2019 Sudanese coup d'état

On the morning of 11 April 2019 in Khartoum, Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was removed from power by the Sudanese Armed Forces following the ongoing protests after holding the office for nearly 30 years. Eleven people were killed.

State media reported that all political prisoners, including anti-Bashir protest leaders, were being released from jail. Al-Bashir's National Congress party responded by announcing that they would hold a rally supporting the ousted president.


Beresheet

Beresheet was a demonstrator of a small robotic lunar lander and lunar probe. It was privately funded in Israel and was planned to land on the moon. The lander was known as "Sparrow", and was officially named "Beresheet" (, "Genesis") in December 2018.

On 11 April 2019, the failure of an IMU unit caused a chain of events, leading to the shutoff of the main engine, which caused the lander to crash on the Moon. On 13 April 2019, Beresheet-2 was announced.

List of Jimmy Neutron episodes

There's a list of Jimmy Neutron filled 61 episodes and three seasons on Nickelodeon from July 20, 2002 to November 25, 2006.





Adrian Smith

Adrian Frederick "H" Smith (born 27 February 1957) is an English guitarist, singer and songwriter. He is best known as a member of British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. He first joined the band in November 1980. He replaced guitarist Dennis Stratton. Smith left Iron Maiden in 1990. In 1995, he formed a hard rock band called Psycho Motel. He rejoined Iron Maiden in 1999.

Smith was born in Hackney, London. He has been married to his Canadian wife Nathalie Dufresne for over 20 years. The couple have three children, Dylan, Natasha and Brittany. 


Adrian Smith (basketball)

Adrian Howard "Odie" Smith (born October 5, 1936) is an American former professional basketball player. He played as a point guard. He played for the Cincinnati Royals and the San Francisco Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). In 1966, he was chosen for the NBA All-Star Game. Smith was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) of this game after he scored 24 points in 26 minutes. He was part of the U.S. team that won the gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. He also won the gold medal for the U.S. team at the 1959 Pan American Games.

Smith was born in Farmington, Kentucky. He played college basketball with the Kentucky Wildcats of the University of Kentucky.


Adrian Smith (disambiguation)

Adrian Smith (born 1957) is an English musician, member of the band Iron Maiden.

Adrian Smith may also refer to:


John Barth

John Simmons Barth (; born May 27, 1930) is an American writer. He is best known for his postmodernist and metafictional fiction. He won the National Book Award in 1973. Barth was born in Cambridge, Maryland. In 1974, he was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Letters.

His first two books were "The Floating Opera" and "The End of the Road". His best known works include: "The Sot-Weed Factor", "Giles Goat-Boy", "Lost in the Funhouse", "Chimera", "LETTERS" and "".


Cambridge, Maryland

Cambridge is a city in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. The population was 13,096 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Dorchester County and the county's largest city. Cambridge is the fourth most populous city in Maryland's Eastern Shore region, after Salisbury, Elkton and Easton.

Elkton, Maryland

Elkton is a town in and the county seat of Cecil County, Maryland, United States. The population was 15,807 at the 2020 census. It was formerly called Head of Elk because it is near the Elk River, which flows into the nearby Chesapeake Bay.

Kabulig Bikol

Kabulig-Bikol is a group or union of literary writers in Bikol languages.

Maria Lilia Realubit created the KABULIG in 1993 with fellow writer teachers at the University of the Philippines. 

Colin Collindridge

Colin Collindridge (15 November 1920 – 14 April 2019) was an English footballer. He played as both an outside left and a centre forward. The early part of his playing career happened during World War II. He later played for clubs Sheffield United, Nottingham Forest and Coventry City in the Football League.

Collindridge was born in Barnsley, Yorkshire. He died in 2019, at the age of 98.


21 Savage

Shéyaa Bin Abraham-Joseph (born 22 October 1992), known professionally by his stage name 21 Savage, is a rapper, songwriter and record producer. He is based in London, in the U.K. Borough.

21 Savage started his career in 2013. He has released two mixtapes, two extended plays and two solo studio albums. He released his first album, "Issa Album", in 2017. The album's lead single was ""Bank Account"". He was featured on Post Malone's single ""Rockstar"" in 2017. The song reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was also nominated for two Grammy Awards. His second album, "I Am > I Was", was released in 2018.

On his 21st birthday, 21 Savage was shot six times by two assailants, but survived. His friend, Johnny, died in the shooting. This is the meaning of his stage name "21 Savage".

21 Savage was born in Plaistow, Newham, in London, England and grew up in the United States, but never became a citizen nor permanent resident. He was expelled from middle school for bringing a gun. He was involved in multiple robberies. In February 2019, he was arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Officials said that he overstayed his visa illegally when it ended in July 2006.


Giuseppe Ciarrapico

Giuseppe Ciarrapico (28 January 1934 – 14 April 2019) was an Italian businessman, sports official and politician. He was president of the football club AS Roma from 1991 and 1993. He also served as a Senator for Silvio Berlusconi's The People of Freedom party from 2008 to 2013. He was born in Rome, Lazio.

Ciarrapico died on 14 April 2019 in Rome. He was 85.

Gunnel Lindblom

Gunnel Märtha Ingegärd Lindblom (18 December 1931 – 24 January 2021) was a Swedish actress and director. She was born in Gothenburg, Sweden. 

As an actress she was known for her many works with Ingmar Bergman. She was known for her lead role in "Miss Julie" for BBC Television. She also played the key-role of The Mummy in Bergman's staging of Strindberg's "The Ghost Sonata" in 1998-2000.

Lindblom died on 24 January 2021 in Brottby, Sweden at the age of 89.

Bibi Andersson

Berit Elisabeth "Bibi" Andersson (11 November 1935 – 14 April 2019) was a Swedish actress. She was known for her many work with movie director Ingmar Bergman. She appeared in many roles, including as Mia in "The Seventh Seal" (1957), Sara in "Wild Strawberries" (1957), "The Girl" in "The Mistress" (1962), Ellen Grange in "Duel at Diablo" (1966) and as Alma in "Persona" (1966).

Andersson was born on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm. She was married three times. She was married to director Kjell Grede from 1960 to 1973. She was also married to politician Per Ahlmark from 1979 to 1981. Her sister was actress Gerd Andersson.

Andersson had a stroke in 2009. She died on 14 April 2019 in Stockholm, at the age of 83.


Max van Weezel

Max Hans van Weezel (9 July 1951 – 11 April 2019) was a Dutch journalist and politician. He was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He was also a political writer and commentator for the Vrij Nederland. 

Between 1973 and 1976 he was a member of CPN and along with his wife journalist Anet Bleich, he released the book Ga dan zelf naar Siberië! (1978). In 1976 he started as a journalist at Vrij Nederland. Were he wrote the column 'Het Wereldje'.

van Weezel died on 11 April 2019 in Amsterdam from pancreatic cancer at the age of 67.

Albert Quixall

Albert Quixall (9 August 1933 – 12 November 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as an inside forward.

Quixall was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire. He started his career with Sheffield Wednesday. In 1958, after the Munich air disaster, he signed by Matt Busby for Manchester United. The signing was a then British record fee of £45,000. He won the FA Cup with Manchester United in the 1963–64 season. He later played for Oldham Athletic, Stockport County, Altrincham and Radcliffe Borough.

Quixall played five times for England. He was in the squad for his country at the 1954 FIFA World Cup.

Quixall died on 12 November 2020, aged 87.

Manchester United

Harry Hooper (footballer, born 1933)

Harold Hooper (14 June 1933 – 26 August 2020) was an English former professional footballer. He played as an outside forward.

Hooper was born in Pittington, County Durham. He played for West Ham United, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Birmingham City, Sunderland, Kettering Town, Dunstable Town and Heanor Town. He made more than 300 appearances in the Football League. He played for England at under-23 and "B" international level. He was in the full England squad at the 1954 FIFA World Cup but did not play.

On 26 August 2020, Hooper died from Alzheimer's.

Harry Hooper (disambiguation)

Harry Hooper (1887–1974) was an American Hall of Fame baseball player.

Harry Hooper may also refer to:


Harry Hooper

Harry Bartholomew Hooper (August 24, 1887 – December 18, 1974) was an American baseball player. He played as a right fielder. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He played for the Boston Red Sox (1909–1920) and the Chicago White Sox (1921–1925) of Major League Baseball (MLB). He is one of only two members of four different Red Sox World Series championship teams (1912, 1915, 1916, 1918). He was added to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1971.

Hooper was born in Bell Station, California. He married Esther Henchy in 1912. The couple had three children, John, Harry Jr. and Marie.

Hooper died on December 18, 1974 in Santa Cruz, California. He was 87.

Ambrogio Fogar

Ambrogio Fogar (13 August 1941 – 24 August 2005) was an Italian sailor, writer, rally driver and all-round adventurer and television presenter.

His exploits included a number of successful long-distance sailing feats. He competed several times in the Dakar Rally and in the Rallye des Pharaons. He was a Commander of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic.


List of Danny Phantom episodes

Danny Phantom is an American animated superhero television series that ran on Nickelodeon from April 3, 2004 to August 24, 2007.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


T.U.F.F. Puppy

T.U.F.F. Puppy is a kids' TV show on Nickelodeon created by Butch Hartman. It aired from October 2, 2010, to April 4, 2015.

It's about Dudley Puppy, a dog who works as a spy for T.U.F.F. all the time. His partner is Kitty Katswell,a cat. Other people he works with are The Chief and Keswick. It takes place in the fictional city of Petropolis (different from the Brazilian city of Petrópolis, which is named after Pedro II of Brazil), where the people who live there are anthropomorphic animals. As a member of T.U.F.F., Dudley helps Kitty protect Petropolis from various villains, such as Verminious Snaptrap and his crime organization D.O.O.M., The Chameleon, Bird Brain, Larry, Ollie, Francisco, Skunk, Zippy, and Bad Dog.



Chelsea Physic Garden

The Chelsea Physic Garden was established in London in 1673. It was called the Apothecaries' Garden because the Worshipful Society of Apothecaries needed it to grow plants for medicines. It is a four acre physic garden, and is one of the oldest botanical gardens in Britain. The University of Oxford Botanic Garden was founded in 1621, and the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh was founded in 1670. 

Its rock garden is the oldest English garden devoted to alpine plants. The largest fruiting olive tree in Britain is there, protected by the garden's heat-trapping high brick walls. The gardens claim to have the world's northernmost grapefruit growing outdoors. 

The Garden became in 1983 a registered charity, and was opened to the general public for the first time. 

The garden is Grade I listed in the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England by English Heritage.

List of T.U.F.F. Puppy episodes

This is a list of episodes for Nickelodeon's animated television series,T.U.F.F. Puppy. The first two seasons consist of 26 episodes and the third season consists of 8 episodes, for a total of 60 episodes. On October 20, 2013, remaining episodes started airing on Nicktoons.

This season contained 26 episodes. The season's finale "Lie Like A Dog / Cold Fish" and subsequent seasons were produced in high definition (HD).



Barrington, Illinois

Barrington is suburban village in Cook County and Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 10,722 at the 2020 census. It is northwest of Chicago.

The Barrington area ZIP code, 60010, is the seventh-richest ZIP code in the United States. Barrington is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.

S. K. Shivakumar

S. K. Shivakumar (1953 – 13 April 2019) was an Indian scientist. He worked at the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) centres. He was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award of India, in 2015. Shivakumar was born in Mysore, Mysore State. He was the Director of ISTRAC from 1998 to 2010.

Shivakumar died on 13 April 2019 at the age of 66 in Bangalore from problems caused by jaundice.

Alexander V. Acebo

Alexander Valentino "Tino" Acebo (September 5, 1927 – April 11, 2019) was an American Republican politician. For over 20 years, he was the Vermont State Auditor from 1970 to 1993. Acebo was born in Barre, Vermont.

Acebo died in Wells, Maine on April 11, 2019 at the age of 91.

Barre (city), Vermont

Barre is the most populous city in Washington County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census, the municipal population was 8,491. Many people call the city as "Barre City".

Mirjana Marković

Mirjana "Mira" Marković (, ; 10 July 1942 – 14 April 2019) was a Serbian politician.

She was the wife and widow of the Yugoslav and Serbian president Slobodan Milošević. She was the president of the Yugoslav Left political party from 2002 to 2003. Marković was wanted for fraud charges, lived under political asylum in Russia from February 2003 to her death on 14 April 2019.

Marković died on 14 April 2019 in Sochi from problems caused by surgery, aged 76.

Jacek Namieśnik

Jacek Namieśnik (10 December 1949 – 14 April 2019) was a Polish chemist. He was a full professor of Gdańsk University of Technology. He was the head of Analytical Department (1995–2019), dean of Faculty of Chemistry (1996–2002, 2005–2012), rector of Gdańsk University of Technology since 1 September 2016 until his death. He was born in Mogilno, Poland.

Namieśnik died on 14 April 2019 in Gdansk at the age of 69. The cause was probably heart failure.


Bussy, Fribourg

Bussy was a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens merged into the new municipality of Estavayer.

Notre-Dame fire

A fire broke out at Notre Dame de Paris at around 18:50 local time on 15 April 2019. Notre Dame is the Roman-Catholic cathedral of Paris. It is in the center of the city. The fire made the roof and main spire fall. The building's vaulted stone ceiling contained the burning roof as it collapsed, preventing worse damage to the interior.

Around 23:00 local time, the spokesperson of the Paris firefighters said that the structure would probably be saved. This includes the north tower; at times, it was feared that the north tower would also be affected.

Over 400 people helped fight the fire. They used 18 specially built fire hoses to put water on the flames. Two police officers were injured, and one firefighter was critically wounded, who was treated in a nearby hospital.

At the time the fire was being fought, its cause was not known, but it was being treated as an accident. The investigation most strongly suspected a case of "accidental destruction by fire", but had not ruled anything out, saying it was too early to know the cause of the fire. It is not yet known if renovation work contributed to the fire. There have been other cases where renovation-related fires smoulder for hours unseen before breaking out. The firm Le Bras Frères that was carrying out the renovations stated they had followed procedure, and would co-operate fully with the investigation. They also stated that none of their personnel were on site at the time the fire broke out.


The equivalent of 1 billion pounds was later raised online for restoration.

Morens

Morens was a municipality of the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens joined together and became the new municipality of Estavayer.

Murist

Murist was a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Since 1981 with the formerly independent municipalities La Vounaise and Montborget, and in 1992 with Franex. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens merged into the new municipality of Estavayer.

Vuissens

Vuissens was a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens merged into the new municipality of Estavayer.

Rueyres-les-Prés

Rueyres-les-Prés was a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés, Vernay and Vuissens merged into the new municipality of Estavayer.

Florida School for Boys

The Florida School for Boys was a reform school, which was active from 1900 to 2011. Reform schools are schools for young people who have been convicted of a crime, but who still need to go to school, or to finish an education.

This school became known for two reasons:


Violent behaviour including knife fights were comomn at the school. Nevertheless, little documentation exists for most of these deaths.There is a cemetery at the school; it contains several graves, almost all of them are unmarked. Remains of dead people have also been found outside the school ground. Investigations were called for as early as 1903, and also in the 1960s, but the first full investigation occurred in the year 2009. It did not find any useful information. The school was closed in 2011, officially for economic reasons.

Vernay, Switzerland

Vernay was a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Vernay was created on 1 January 2006 from the merger of the former municipalities of Autavaux, Forel and Montbrelloz. The administrative seat is in Forel. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Vernay, Bussy, Estavayer-le-Lac, Morens, Murist, Rueyres-les-Prés and Vuissens merged into the new municipality of Estavayer.

Vernay

Vernay is the name of two places in Europe:

Châbles

Châbles () was a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Châbles and Cheyres merged into the new municipality of Cheyres-Châbles.

Gletterens

Gletterens is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

It is home to the Les Grèves prehistoric pile-dwelling (or stilt house) settlements that are part of the Prehistoric Pile dwellings around the Alps UNESCO World Heritage Site.


Owen Garriott

Owen Kay Garriott (November 22, 1930 – April 15, 2019) was an American electrical engineer and NASA astronaut. He spent 60 days aboard the Skylab space station in 1973 during the Skylab 3 mission, and 10 days aboard Spacelab-1 on a Space Shuttle mission in 1983.

Garriott was born in Enid, Oklahoma. He was the father of Robert Garriott and fellow astronaut Richard Garriott, with whom he helped found the video-game developer Origin Systems. Garriott died on April 15, 2019 in Huntsville, Alabama at the age of 88.

Joaquim Alberto Silva

Joaquim Alberto Silva (4 March 1974 – 15 April 2019), known as Quinzinho, was an Angolan footballer. He played as a striker. He appeared for Angola in two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments. He played for the team from 1994 to 2001. He also played for Porto from 1995 to 2001.

Quinzinho's son, Alexandre, is also a footballer. Born in Portugal, he played for them at youth level.On 15 April 2019, Quinzinho felt ill after jogging in Alverca do Ribatejo and died shortly after at the age of 45.

Ben Ray Luján

Ben Ray Luján (; born June 7, 1972) is an American politician. He is the junior United States Senator from New Mexico since 2021. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2009 until 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

On April 1, 2019, he announced his plans to run for the United States Senate to replace the retiring Tom Udall in 2020. In November 2020, he was elected U.S. Senator.

In January 2022, Luján was hospitalized in Albuquerque, New Mexico after having a stroke.


Don L. Lind

Don Leslie Lind (May 18, 1930 – August 30, 2022), (Cmdr, USNR, Ret.), was an American scientist, naval officer, aviator, and NASA astronaut. He was born in Midvale, Utah.

He helped to develop the Apollo 11 EVA activities, and served as CAPCOM for the Apollo 11 and Apollo 12 missions. Lind was then assigned as backup Pilot for Skylab 3 and Skylab 4 and nearly flew on the proposed Skylab Rescue mission.

Lind died on August 30, 2022 in Logan, Utah at the age of 92.


Midvale, Utah

Midvale is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. Midvale's population was 36,028 at the 2020 census.

William E. Thornton

William Edgar Thornton (M.D.) (April 14, 1929 – January 11, 2021) was an American NASA astronaut. He was born in Faison, North Carolina. Thornton was a member of the astronaut support crew for the Skylab 2, 3, and 4 missions. A veteran of two space flights, Thornton spent over 313 hours in space. He was a mission specialist on STS-8 in 1983, and STS-51B in 1985.

Thornton died on January 11, 2021 in Boerne, Texas at the age of 91.

Faison, North Carolina

Faison is a town in Duplin County in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The population was 784 at the 2020 census.

Vance D. Brand

Vance DeVoe Brand (born May 9, 1931) is an American former naval officer and aviator and NASA astronaut. He was born in Longmont, Colorado. He was the command module pilot during the first U.S.-Soviet joint spaceflight in 1975, and as commander of three Space Shuttle missions.

His flight experience includes 9,669 flying hours, which includes 8,089 hours in jets, 391 hours in helicopters, 746 hours in spacecraft, and checkout in more than 30 types of military aircraft.


Winston L. Shelton

Winston Laverne Shelton (May 3, 1922 – April 15, 2019) was an American inventor, engineer and businessman. He was awarded 76 patents in the United States by himself or as part of a team. He started working at General Electric in 1948. His patents have impacted modern washing machines and the fast food industry. He worked on creating more upgraded food service machines for Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC). His washing machine patent for General Electric, (US 3257830 A), was referenced in over 40 patents afterwards. He founded Winston Industries, which was in use in more than 120 countries at the time of Shelton's death in 2019.

Shelton was born in Lockwood, West Virginia. His first wife died and he later remarried. He had three children. He died on April 15, 2019, at the age of 96.

Aleksandar Kostov

Aleksandar Dimitrov Kostov (; 2 March 1938 – 15 April 2019) was a Bulgarian footballer and manager. He played as a forward. He was born in Sofia.

Kostov was most noted for playing for Levski Sofia. During his time at Levski Sofia, he won three league titles and five Bulgarian Cups. He played for Bulgaria seven times, scoring once. He played for his country at the FIFA World Cups in 1962 and 1966.

Kostov also managed teams outside Bulgaria. With Tunisian club Marsa, he won the 1989–90 Tunisian Cup. He died in 2019 in Sofia, at the age of 81.



Ahmad Eghtedari

Ahmad Khan Eghtedari Gerashi (‎; 24 May 1925 – 16 April 2019) was an Iranian teacher, lawyer, writer, historian and geographer. He was known for his work as an academic of Persian Gulf studies. He wrote 40 books and more than 100 educational papers. His works covered a wide range of topics, including the reworking of poetry collections written by past poets, and translations of research works of non-Iranian scholars and writers. He also wrote scientific researches in the fields of the language and the culture of different regions of Iran. He worked as a lawyer for over forty years.

Eghtedari was born in Gerash, a small city in the south of Fars. He died of lung and kidney disease in Tehran on 16 April 2019. He was 93 or 94.

Francisca Aguirre

Francisca Aguirre Benito (27 October 1930 – 13 April 2019) was a Spanish poet and author. Her first poetry collection, "Ithaca" (1972), won her the Leopoldo Panero Poetry Award. In 2011, she won the National Poetry Prize for her poetry piece "Historia de una anatomía". Aguirre also won the National Prize for Spanish Literature in November 2018.

Aguirre was born in Alicante. She was the daughter of noted painter Lorenzo Aguirre. She was married to fellow poet Félix Grande from 1963 until his death in 2014. The couple had one daughter, poet and essayist Guadalupe Grande (born 1965).

Aguirre died in Madrid on 13 April 2019. She was 88.

Outwash plain

An outwash plain is a plain made by a melting glacier. As the glacier moves, it picks up dirt and rocks. When the glacier melts, the dirt and rocks are left behind. The smaller dirt and rocks are carried further by the water the melting glacier makes. This makes the outwash plain very flat and smooth.

Jan Wraży

Jan Aleksander Wraży (10 October 1943 – 7 April 2019) was a Polish footballer. He played as a midfielder. 

Wraży was born in Lwow (now Lviv, Ukraine). He played for clubs Katowice, Górnik Zabrze and Valenciennes. He also played seven times for Poland. He died in 2019 in Mons, Belgium, at the age of 75.

Ancash Region

Ancash (; ; ) is a Peruvian region north of Lima. It borders the Pacific Ocean. Huaraz, its capital city and transportation hub, sits in the Callejón de Huaylas, a valley between Ancash's two mountain ranges. Cordillera Blanca, the range to the valley's east, has snow-capped peaks rising over 6,000 meters. Encompassing much of Cordillera Blanca is Huarascán National Park, home to Andean condors and jaguars.

Les Reed (songwriter)

Leslie David Reed (24 July 1935 – 15 April 2019) was an English songwriter, arranger, musician and light orchestra leader. He was best known writing for the Tom Jones songs "It's Not Unusual" and "Delilah", and the Engelbert Humperdinck song "The Last Waltz". His main songwriter partners were Gordon Mills, Barry Mason and Geoff Stephens. However, he also wrote songs with Roger Greenaway, Roger Cook, and Johnny Worth. He won many gold discs and Ivor Novello Awards. Reed also conducted his own band, The Les Reed Orchestra.

Reed was born in Woking, Surrey. He died on 15 April 2019 at the age of 83.


Hal Ketchum

Hal Michael Ketchum (April 9, 1953 – November 23, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter and guitarist. He has released 11 studio albums from 1986 until his retirement in 2019.

Ketchum's 1991 album "Past the Point of Rescue" is his best known work. Between 1991 and 2006 Ketchum had 17 entries on the Hot Country Songs charts. Three of his singles — "Small Town Saturday Night," "Past the Point of Rescue" and "Hearts Are Gonna Roll" — all reached number 2 on this chart, and three more charted within the Top Ten: "Sure Love" at number 3, and "Mama Knows the Highway" and "Stay Forever," both at number 8.

In April 2019, Ketchum's wife, Andrea, announced that Ketchum was suffering from Alzheimer's disease and announced his retirement shortly afterwards. He died on November 23, 2020 from the disease at his home in Comal County, Texas at the age of 67.

Greenwich (town), New York

Greenwich is a town in the southwest part of Washington County, New York, United States. The town is located on the west border of the county. The population was 4,868 at the 2020 census. Greenwich was where the Underground Railroad was located in.

Greenwich (village), New York

Greenwich is a village in Washington County, New York, United States. The village population was 1,651 at the 2020 census. Greenwich was formerly known as Whipple City.

Glens Falls, New York

Glens Falls is a city in Warren County, New York, United States. It has its own metropolitan statistical area. 

The population was 14,830 at the 2020 census.

Les Reed (football manager)

Leslie Arnold Reed (born 12 December 1952) is an English football coach. He is the technical director of the Football Association (FA) since February 2019. He formerly served as technical director of the FA between 2002 and 2004. He was the manager of Charlton Athletic between 14 November and 24 December 2006. From April 2010 and November 2018, Reed was Head of Football Development and the Vice-Chairman of Football at Southampton. 

Reed was born in Wapping, London. He was signed as a player for the clubs Cambridge United, Watford and Wycombe Wanderers but never played. He played as a centre forward.


Les Reed

Les Reed may refer to:


Les Reed (footballer)

Les Reed (born 16 August 1932) is a former Australian rules footballer. He played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1950s. He came off the bench as a reserve in Geelong's 1951 premiership side. He also played as a wingman when they lost the 1953 Grand Final to Collingwood.


David Brion Davis

David Brion Davis (February 16, 1927 – April 14, 2019) was an American educator and historian. His works were mainly about slavery and abolition in the Western world. He was a Sterling Professor of History at Yale University, and founder and director of Yale’s Gilder Lehrman Center for the Study of Slavery, Resistance, and Abolition. He was born in Denver, Colorado.

Davis died on April 14, 2019 in Guilford, Connecticut at the age of 92.

Bernard Arnault

Bernard Jean Étienne Arnault (; born 5 March 1949) is a French businessman, an investor, and art collector.

Arnault is the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of LVMH, the world's largest luxury-goods company. He is the richest person in World according to "Forbes" magazine, with a net worth of $192.1 billion, as of May 2021.

His mother, Marie-Josèphe Savinel, had a "fascination for Dior". His father, manufacturer Jean Léon Arnaul, owned the civil engineering company Ferret-Savinel.[6]

In April 2018, he became the richest person in fashion, beating Zara's Amancio Ortega.

Larry Ellison

Lawrence Joseph Ellison (born August 17, 1944) is an American businessman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. He is a co-founder and the executive chairman and chief technology officer of Oracle Corporation.

As of March 2019, he was listed by "Forbes" magazine as the fourth-richest person in the United States and as the seventh-richest in the world, with a fortune of $63.5 billion, up from $54.5 billion in 2018.

Al Staley

Allan Ramon "Red" Staley (September 21, 1928 – April 9, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a centre. He played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1948–49 NHL season. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan

Staley died on April 9, 2019 at a hospital in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was 90.

Nardwuar

John Ruskin (born July 5, 1968), better known as Nardwuar the Human Serviette or simply Nardwuar, is a Canadian interviewer and musician. He is the lead singer and keyboardist for the garage rock band The Evaporators. He is best known for his quirky appearance and style of interview. He does a lot of research on people he interviews. In his interviews, mostly with rappers and other musicians, he will bring up something about the interviewee that is not very well known to the public to confuse, scare or impress them. For example, during an interview with Pharrell Williams from N.E.R.D, Nardwuar pulled out a vinyl record featuring the very first recorded track by Williams, causing him to pause and say, "This is one of the most impressive interviews I've ever experienced in my life. Seriously." Later in the same interview, Williams said, "Your research is second-to-none. Second-to-none."

Nardwuar was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. In 1999, he had a brain hemorrhage, and in 2015, he had a stroke.


Kepler-62e

Kepler-62e is a super-Earth exoplanet that circles in the habitable zone around the star Kepler-62. It is over 1,200 light years away in the direction of the Lyra constellation. It was discovered by the Kepler Space Observatory in 2013. 

The planet is about 160% as large as Earth, and almost 450% as heavy. This makes it a super-Earth. Kepler-62e is in the habitable zone, the zone around a star where the temperatures on a planet can support liquid water. It is a possible ocean world, and may have cloudy skies and may be warm and humid.

Hieu Van Le

Hieu Van Le (; born 1 January 1954) is a Vietnamese-born Australian economist and politician. He was the 35th Governor of South Australia from 1 September 2014 until 7 October 2021. He served as the state's lieutenant-governor from 2007 to 2014. He also served as chair of the South Australian Multicultural and Ethnic Affairs Commission (SAMEAC) from 2006 to 2009. Le is the first person from an Asian background to be made a state governor in Australia.

Le was born in Quảng Trị, South Vietnam. He grew up in Da Nang. He fled Vietnam from the new communist rule in November 1977. He came by boat to Darwin as a refugee. He is married to Lan. The couple's two sons, Don and Kim, are named after Australian cricketers Don Bradman and Kim Hughes.



Norio Kaifu

Kaifu died of pancreatic cancer on 13 April 2019, at the age of 75. Toshiki Kaifu, a politician and Matoko Kobayashi, physicist were his brother.


Guro Fjellanger

Guro Fjellanger (26 January 1964 – 16 April 2019) was a Norwegian politician. She was a member of the Liberal Party. She served as Minister of the Environment from 1997 to 2000. She held this role in the first cabinet of Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik. She also served as the president of the Young Liberals of Norway from 1986 to 1988.

Fjellanger was born in Bergen. She had spina bifida since birth. She died on 16 April 2019, at the age of 55.

Cugy, Fribourg

Cugy () is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2005, Vesin became a part of Cugy.


Cugy

Cugy is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Châtillon, Fribourg

Châtillon is a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Cheyres

Cheyres ( or "Tsàrè") was a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the municipalities of Châbles and Cheyres joined together and became the new municipality of Cheyres-Châbles.


Delley-Portalban

Delley-Portalban is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2005, by putting together Delley and Portalban ().


Domdidier

Domdidier () was a municipality of the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Domdidier, Dompierre, Léchelles and Russy merged to form the new municipality of Belmont-Broye.


Dompierre, Fribourg

Dompierre () was a municipality of the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Domdidier, Dompierre, Léchelles and Russy merged to form the new municipality of Belmont-Broye.


Surpierre

Surpierre is a municipality in Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005, Praratoud became a part of Surpierre. On 1 January 2017 Villeneuve became a part of Surpierre. On 1 January 2021, Cheiry became a part of Surpierre.


Fétigny, Switzerland

Fétigny is a municipality in the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.


Fétigny

Fétigny can mean:

Vallon

Vallon is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Ménières

Ménières is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Telestial kingdom

The Telestial Kingdom is the lowest kingdom of Heaven. According to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, it's the kingdom where liars, whoremongers, adulterers, murderers and those that deny that Jesus is the Christ. According to Adam of the Old Testament, there are 7 Degrees in the Telestial Kingdom.

Monkey Punch

, better known by his pen name , was a Japanese manga artist, writer and professor. He was best known for his series "Lupin III". The series was first published between 1967 and 1969. In April 2005, he became the professor of Manga Animation at Otemae University, in their Faculty of Media and Arts. He was also a visiting professor at Tokyo University of Technology in May 2010. He was given a special Tokyo Anime Award in 2015.

Monkey Punch was born in Hamanaka, Hokkaido. He died of pneumonia in Sakura, Chiba Prefecture on 11 April 2019.


Super-Earth

A super-Earth is an extrasolar planet. 

It has a mass higher than Earth's, but much less than the Solar System's ice giants, Uranus and Neptune, which are 15 and 17 times Earth's mass, respectively.

The term "super-Earth" refers only to the mass of the planet, and does not imply anything about the surface conditions or habitability.

John McEnery

John McEnery (1 November 1943 – 12 April 2019) was an English actor and playwright. He was best known for his movie roles as Mercutio in "Romeo and Juliet" (1968), Russian politician Alexander Kerensky in "Nicholas and Alexandra" (1971), Friedrich von Schoenvorts in "The Land That Time Forgot" (1975) and as gangster Eddie Pellam in "The Krays" (1990). He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in "Romeo and Juliet".

McEnery was born in Birmingham, Warwickshire. His older brother, Peter, was also an actor. He was married to actress Stephanie Beacham from 1973 to 1979. The couple had two daughters.

McEnery died in his sleep on 12 April 2019, at the age of 75.


Warren Adler

Warren Adler (December 16, 1927 – April 15, 2019) was an American author, playwright and poet. His writings were translated into 25 different languages. He was best known for writing the novels "The War of the Roses" (1981) and "Random Hearts" (1984). Both of these novels were made into movies. The dark comedy movie "The War of the Roses" was released in 1989, and starred Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner and Danny DeVito. "Random Hearts", starring Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas, was released in 1999.

Adler was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He was married to Sonia. The couple had three sons.

Adler died of liver cancer on April 15, 2019 in Manhattan, New York City. He was 91.


Can Bartu

Can Bartu (31 January 1936 – 11 April 2019) was a Turkish basketball player and footballer. As a footballer, he played in the midfield as an attack midfielder and a left winger. He was born in Istanbul.

Bartu played basketball for Fenerbahçe. He also played six times for the Turkish national basketball team. He later played football for Fenerbahçe. He played football in Italy in the 1960s, first with Fiorentina in 1961. He then played for Venezia, another spell at Fiorentina and lastly Lazio, before returning to Fenerbahçe in 1967. He retired in 1970. He also played for Turkey 26 times. He scored six goals for his country.

Bartu later worked as a sports journalist. He died on 11 April 2019, at the age of 83.

Randall C. Berg Jr.

Randall Challen Berg Jr. (January 17, 1949 – April 10, 2019) was an American lawyer. He served as the founding executive director of the Florida Justice Institute (FJI) from 1978 to 2018. In this role, Berg fought for better state of living in prisons in Florida. He retired from the FJI in 2018. He also served as the president of the Florida American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).

Berg grew up in Jacksonville, Florida. He was married to Carol. The couple had a son, Randall Challen Berg III.

Berg died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) on April 10, 2019. He was 70.


Ya'akov Nehoshtan

Ya'akov Nehoshtan (‎; 22 April 1925 – 17 April 2019) was an Israeli politician, diplomat and lawyer. He served as a member of the Knesset for Gahal between 1969 and 1974. He also served as Israeli Ambassador to the Netherlands between 1982 and 1985.

Nehoshtan was born in Kazanlak, Bulgaria. He fled to Mandatory Palestine in 1944. His son, Ido, served as commander of the Israeli Air Force.

Nehoshtan died on 17 April 2019, at the age of 93.


Font, Switzerland

Font was a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The municipality of Font merged on 1 January 2012, into the municipality of Estavayer-le-Lac.


Bollion

Bollion is a village of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 it joined together with Bollion and Seiry become to Lully.

Lully, Fribourg

Lully is a municipality of the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland. On 1 January 2006, Lully incorporated the formerly independent municipalities of Bollion and Seiry.


Seiry

Seiry is a village of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 it joined together with Bollion and Seiry become to Lully.

Léchelles

Léchelles was a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 September 1994, the former municipality of Chandon merged into the municipality of Léchelles, keeping the name Léchelles. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Domdidier, Dompierre, Léchelles and Russy merged to form Belmont-Broye.


Montagny, Fribourg

Montagny is a municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Since 2000 the municipality was created when Montagny-les-Monts and Montagny-la-Ville merged. On 1 January 2004, the former municipality of Mannens-Grandsivaz merged into the municipality of Montagny (FR).


Nuvilly

Nuvilly is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Prévondavaux

Prévondavaux is a municipality in Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Russy, Switzerland

Russy was a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Domdidier, Dompierre, Léchelles and Russy merged to form Belmont-Broye.

Saint-Aubin, Fribourg

Saint-Aubin is a municipality in the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 1991, the former municipality of Les Friques merged into Saint-Aubin.


Sévaz

Sévaz is a municipality in the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, in Switzerland.


Villeneuve, Fribourg

Villeneuve was a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of Surpierre.

Burg bei Murten

Burg bei Murten is a village and former municipality of the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland. Since 1975 the municipality was incorporated into the larger, neighboring municipality Murten.

Russy

Russy may refer to the following places:



Belfaux

Belfaux () is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, Autafond became the municipality of Belfaux.


Chénens

Chénens () is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Pierrafortscha

Pierrafortscha is a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Walterswil, Solothurn

Walterswil is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Zaqatala (city)

Zaqatala (; also, Sakataly, Zakatalsk, and Zakataly); () is the smallest city in Azerbaijan. It is well known for its flea markets and annual Yoga Buddha festival.

Marly, Fribourg

Marly is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created in 1970 from the merger of Marly-le-Grand and Marly-le-Petit and the 1976 Chésalles became a part of Marly.


Autafond

Autafond is a former municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, Autafond became the municipality of Belfaux.

Autigny, Switzerland

Autigny is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Corminboeuf

Corminboeuf () is a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. In 2017 the former municipality of Chésopelloz merged into the municipality of Corminboeuf.


Elk City, Idaho

Elk City is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Eastland, Texas

Eastland is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Eastland County.

Abdallah Lamrani

Abdallah Lamrani (1946 – 14 April 2019) was a Moroccan footballer. He played as a defender.

Lamrani played for the Morocco at the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He played for the club FAR Rabat. He was also a sergeant of the Moroccan Army. He died in 2019, at the age of 72 or 73.

Mya-Lecia Naylor

Mya-Lecia Naylor (6 November 2002 – 7 April 2019) was an English actress, model and singer. She was known for her roles as Fran in CBBC sitcom "Millie Inbetween" and Mya in CBBC series "Almost Never". She also had roles in "Absolutely Fabulous", "Tati's Hotel" and "Cloud Atlas". Naylor was born in Warwickshire, West Midlands. She lived in London.

Naylor hanged herself on 7 April 2019. She was taken to a Thornton Heath, London hospital while in cardiac arrest but later died. She was 16. Her death was announced by her agent A&J Management on 17 April 2019.

Naylor's death was ruled to be a death by misadventure. An assistant coroner stated he did not believe that Naylor had meant to end her life.

2020 Taiwan presidential election

The 15th President and Vice President election of the Republic of China () took place in Taiwan on 11 January 2020. Voters re-elected President and Vice President.

The process of presidential primary elections and nominations were held during the last six months of 2019.

Current President Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), who was elected in 2016, won re-election. She is scheduled to be inaugurated on 20 May 2020.


Ko Wen-je

Ko Wen-je (; born 6 August 1959) is a Taiwanese surgeon and independent politician. Ko was the Mayor of Taipei from 2014 to 2022. 

Before becoming the mayor, he was a doctor at the National Taiwan University Hospital. He was also a professor at National Taiwan University College of Medicine. 

He is a candidate for President of the Republic of China in the 2024 election.

Terry Gou

Terry Gou (; born 8 October 1950) is a Taiwanese businessman. He is the founder and chairman of Foxconn, the world's largest contract manufacturer of electronics, where it employs 1.2 million people and is its largest private employer and exporter.

On 17 April 2019, Gou announced his plans to run for President in the Kuomintang primary for the 2020 presidential election. He lost the Kuomintang nomination to Han Kuo-yu on 15 July 2019. He is thinking of running for President under an Independent bid.

Eric Chu

Eric Li-luan Chu (; born on 7 June 1961) is a Taiwanese politician. He is the Mayor of New Taipei.

Before becoming mayor, he was the Vice Premier of the Republic of China, under Premier Wu Den-yih. He was elected as the first mayor of the newly created city of New Taipei on 27 November 2010. On 17 January 2015, he was elected unopposed as Chairman of the Kuomintang, replacing Ma Ying-jeou.

On 17 October 2015, he was chosen as KMT candidate for the 2016 presidential election replacing incumbent candidate Hung Hsiu-chu. Chu lost to Tsai Ing-wen, and resigned his post as KMT chairman.

On 25 December 2019, Chu announced his plans to run for President again in the upcoming 2020 Taiwan presidential election.

Hsu Shui-teh

Hsu Shui-teh (; 1 August 1931 – 31 March 2021) was a Taiwanese politician. He was the President of the Examination Yuan from 1996 to 2002.

Hsu died of pneumonia on 31 March 2021, at the age of 89.

Ignace Murwanashyaka

Ignace Murwanashyaka (14 May 1963 – 16 April 2019) was a Rwandan rebel leader. He was born in Butare. He was a founding member of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda (FDLR). It was formed in 2000 and is an ethnic Hutu rebel group. Many of the FDLR members had a part in the Rwandan genocide towards the Tutsi people. The FDLR is active in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and is said to have carried out war crimes and crimes against humanity. Murwanashyaka lived in Germany. He was arrested in November 2009. In September 2015, he was sentenced to 13 years in prison.

On 16 April 2019, Murwanashyaka died after bout of ill health in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. He was 55.

Jörg Demus

Jörg Demus (2 December 1928 – 16 April 2019) was an Austrian pianist and composer. He had his first piano lesson at the age of six. From the age of 11, he studied piano and conducting at the Vienna Academy of Music. He graduated at the age of 17. He won the Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition in 1956. He worked with singers such as Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Elly Ameling and Peter Schreier. He also worked with string players like Josef Suk and Antonio Janigro. He has been called one of the most successful Austrian pianists.

Demus was born in St. Pölten, Lower Austria. He was the son of art historian Otto Demus (1902–1990) and the violinist Luise Demus. He died in Vienna on 16 April 2019. He was 90.

Geoffrey Chew

Geoffrey Foucar Chew (June 5, 1924 – April 11, 2019) was an American theoretical physicist. He was known for his bootstrap theory of strong interactions. He also worked on the Manhattan Project. He was a professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley from 1957. He was an emeritus professor from 1991 at Berkeley. He was also a physics faculty at the University of Illinois from 1950 to 1956. He was a student of Enrico Fermi. Chew's students included Nobel Prize in Physics-winning David Gross, and John Henry Schwarz. His awards included the Hughes Prize (1962), Lawrence Prize (1969) and Majorana Prize (2008). 

Chew was born in Washington, D.C. He studied at the University of Chicago. He died on April 11, 2019 in Berkeley, California. He was 94.


Víctor Manzanilla Schaffer

Víctor Manzanilla Schaffer (13 November 1924 – 7 April 2019) was a Mexican politician and diplomat. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was Mexico's ambassador to China and its first to North Korea. He served for two terms as a member of the Senate. He also served one term as a member of the Chamber of Deputies. He was the Governor of Yucatán from February 1988 to February 1991. He was born in Mexico City.

Manzanilla Schaffer died on 7 April 2019 in Irapuato, Guanajuato. He was 94.

José María Rico

José María Rico Cueto (12 August 1934 – 15 April 2019) was a Spanish-born Costa Rican lawyer. He served as the First Gentleman of Costa Rica during the presidency of his wife, former President Laura Chinchilla, from 2010 to 2014. He was born in Granada, Andalusia. He later moved to Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He was a Canadian citizen. Rico met Chinchilla while working in international law.

Rico had a fall in Nandayure, Guanacaste Province while watching the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final. He died of problems caused by Alzheimer's disease on 15 April 2019 in San José. He was 84.

New International Encyclopedia

The New International Encyclopedia is an encyclopedia first published in 1902. The last edition was in 1935. 

The "New International Encyclopedia" was an update of The "International Cyclopaedia", which was last published in 1884. In turn, the "International Cyclopaedia" was largely a copy of Alden's "Library of Universal Knowledge". That in its turn was a reprint of "Chambers's Encyclopaedia". The original 1902 edition was edited by Harry Thurston Peck, Daniel Colt Gilman, and Frank Moore Colby. 

The encyclopedia was printed in 1904, 1905, 1907, 1909, and 1911. Then a second edition was made from 1914 to 1917. By that time Peck and Gilman had died, so Talcott Williams helped edit. A 3rd edition was made in 1923, and more subjects were added to it in 1927 and 1930. A final edition was made in 1935. 

Some of the last edition became part of "Funk & Wagnalls" "Standard Encyclopaedia". 

Kobi Marimi

Kobi (Yakov) Marimi (Hebrew: קובי (יעקוב) מרימי‎; born October 8, 1991) is an Israeli singer and actor who won the sixth season of HaKokhav HaBa. This earned him the right to represent his country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 on home soil. Marimi is a professional acting graduate and won the award for the most promising actor in Israel's Musical Theatre Festival.

2018 Lombok earthquake

2018 Lombok earthquake may refer to the following five thrust type earthquakes. They occurred in July and August, with epicentres north of Rinjani volcano, that caused significant damage and deaths:

On August 5, 2018, Lombok Island, off the eastern part of Bali Island, Indonesia experienced a 6.9 magnitude earthquake. The epicenter of the earthquake was 18 km Northwest of East Lombok. The earthquake could have caused a tsunami, and a tsunami alert was sounded but later the warming was removed as the risk was reduced. The Indonesian government made efforts to broadcast information about the impact of the earthquake. However, thorough geospatial data about how the earthquake affects larger areas was limited and mostly inaccessible for the public. Available information was that according to the Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of West Nusa Tenggara Province, the loss due to the earthquake reached 1 trillion IDR. Then, according to the National Disaster Management Agency , the number of victims of the earthquake was >100 people, with 238 people injured, thousands of homes damaged, and tens of thousands becoming refugees.

A tsunami struck Java and Sumatra starting at 9:30 p.m. and resulted in more than 300 deaths. The tsunami was likely caused by undersea landslides due to the ongoing eruption of Anak Krakatau volcano located in the Sunda Strait. Anak Krakatau’s most recent series of eruptions started in June 2018.

Indonesia is an archipelago that includes thousands of volcanic islands, which were created over time as plates shift and molten rock, or magma, exerts pressure. The Southeast Asian country is located on the Pacific ring of fire, where slabs of the earth’s crust — tectonic plates — clash, creating earthquakes when the plates shove against one another. About 90% of earthquakes occur along the Ring of Fire.

Among the most deadly earthquakes in history was the magnitude 9.1 quake that struck off the west coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra on 26 December 2004, triggering a massive tsunami. This disaster killed nearly 230,000 people across several countries.

Kent Harris

Kent Levaughn Harris (October 15, 1930 – April 9, 2019) was an American songwriter and record producer. He was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Harris was best known as the writer of novelty tunes such as "Shoppin' for Clothes" and "Cops and Robbers".

Harris died on April 9, 2019 in San Diego, California at the age of 88.

Siegmar Wätzlich

Siegmar Wätzlich (16 November 1947 – 18 April 2019) was a German footballer. He was born in Rammenau, East Germany. He played for Dynamo Dresden from 1965 to 1975 and for the East German national team from 1972 to 1975. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Wätzlich died on 18 April 2019 in Dresden, Germany at the age of 71.


Rammenau

Rammenau (Sorbian: "Ramnow") is a city in the district of Bautzen, in Saxony, Germany.
It is known as the birthplace of the well-known German philosopher Johann Gottlieb Fichte.

Jameel Jalibi

Muhammad Jameel Khan (Urdu: محمد جمیل خان; 12 June 1929 – 18 April 2019) was a Pakistani linguist, critic, writer, and scholar. His works were based on Urdu literature and linguistics. He also was Vice-Chancellor at the University of Karachi. He was born in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, British India.

Jalibi died on 18 April 2019 in Karachi, Pakistan at the age of 89.


Chésopelloz

Chésopelloz () was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The former municipality of Chésopelloz on 1 January 2017, merged into Corminboeuf.

Walterswil

Walterswil is the name of three places in Switzerland:

Corpataux-Magnedens

Corpataux-Magnedens was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The municipality was created on 1 January 1999, from the merger of Corpataux () and Magnedens (). On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Corpataux-Magnedens, Farvagny, Le Glèbe, Rossens and Vuisternens-en-Ogoz joined together and became the new municipality of Gibloux.

Corserey

Corserey () was a municipality in Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipalities Corserey, Noréaz and Prez-vers-Noréaz joined together to become the new municipality Prez.


Cottens, Fribourg

Cottens () is a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Granges-Paccot

Granges-Paccot is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Givisiez

Givisiez is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Cottens

Cottens is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:

Villars-sur-Glâne

Villars-sur-Glâne is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Ependes, Fribourg

Ependes () was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. Since 1977, Sales became the municipality of Ependes. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Arconciel, Ependes and Senèdes merged to form the new municipality of Bois-d'Amont.


15 Orionis

15 Orionis is a class F2IV (early F-type subgiant) star in the constellation Orion. Its apparent magnitude is 4.82 and it is approximately 540 light years away based on parallax. It is the southern pole star of Uranus.

It has one suspected companion, B, at a separation of 0.3".

Ependes

Ependes can mean:

La Sonnaz

La Sonnaz is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. The municipality was created in 2004 from the merger of Cormagens, La Corbaz and Lossy-Formangueires. The municipal administration, the kindergarten and the primary school are in Lossy.


Farvagny

Farvagny was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

In 1996, the former municipalities of Farvagny-le-Grand, Farvagny-le-Petit, Grenilles and Posat merged to form it. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Corpataux-Magnedens, Farvagny, Le Glèbe, Rossens and Vuisternens-en-Ogoz merged to form the new municipality of Gibloux.


Ferpicloz

Ferpicloz is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Matran

Matran is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Sweetwater, Idaho

Sweetwater is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Jerrie Cobb

Geraldyn M. Cobb (March 5, 1931 – March 18, 2019) was an American aviator. She was also part of the "Mercury 13," a group of women selected to go through physiological screening tests at the same time as the original Mercury Seven astronauts.

Cobb died at her home in Florida on March 18, 2019 at the age of 88.

Myrtle Cagle

Myrtle "Kay" Thompson Cagle (June 3, 1925 – December 22, 2019) was an American pilot. She was born in South Carolina. Cagle was one of the Mercury 13 female astronauts group. She has worked as a flight instructor and written about aviation in North Carolina.

Cagle died on December 22, 2019 at the age of 94.

Wally Funk

Mary Wallace "Wally" Funk (born February 1, 1939) is an American aviator and Goodwill Ambassador. She was one of the Mercury 13, and was the first female air safety investigator for the National Transportation Safety Board, the first civilian flight instructor at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, and the first Federal Aviation Agency inspector.

On July 19, 2021 Blue Origin successfully conducts its first human test flight, with Funk, Jeff Bezos, his brother Mark and 18-year-old Oliver Daemen going to space. She became the oldest person ever to go to space.

Las Vegas, New Mexico

Las Vegas is a city in and the county seat of San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States. 

The population was 13,166 at the 2020 census.

Sarah Gorelick

Sarah Ratley (nee Gorelick) (born October 30, 1931) is an American pilot. She was born in Kansas. She was one of the Mercury 13 female astronauts group. She studied at the University of Delaware.

She had testing, including freezing the inner ear with ice water to induce vertigo. She said of the experience, "The tests didn’t bother me at all…. When you are young you can take anything. My mind was made up: I was going to pass."

After the Mercury 13, Gorelick became an accountant with the Internal Revenue Service.

Hauterive

Hauterive may mean:



Hauterive, Fribourg

Hauterive is a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2001, when the municipalities of Ecuvillens and Posieux joined together to become Hauterive.

The abbey of Hauterive was founded in 1138.


Rhea Woltman

Rhea Hurrle Allison Woltman (November 6, 1928 – February 15, 2021) was an American pilot. She was one of the Mercury 13. She was born in Stearns County, Minnesota. She was one of the thirteen women who passed all of the astronaut tests given at the Lovelace Clinic in 1961, making her a member of the Mercury 13.

Woltman died on February 15, 2021 in St. Augusta, Minnesota at the age of 92.

La Brillaz

La Brillaz is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2001, when the municipalities of Lentigny, Lovens, and Onnens joined together to become La Brillaz.


Suzanne Twelftree

Suzanne "Sue" Twelftree (12 August 1956 – 16 April 2019) was an Australian wheelchair tennis player and Paralympic powerlifter. She was born in Wallaroo, South Australia. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, she competed in the Women's up to 48 kg powerlifting and finished ninth. 

Twelftree died on 16 April 2019 in Adelaide, South Australia, at the age of 62.


Foreign-buyers tax

The Foreign-buyers tax is a property transfer tax of 15% on residential property purchased by foreign buyers in British Columbia. A "property transfer tax" is paid only once for each property owner, while property taxes are paid every year.

The tax involved amendments to the "Property Transfer Tax Act" imposing an additional "property transfer tax" of 15% of the assessed value on property purchased by those who are neither citizens nor residents of Canada. It is part of the omnibus legislation "Miscellaneous Statutes (Housing Priority Initiatives) Amendment Act, 2016". It was introduced after calls urging the British Columbia provincial government to intervene in the housing market and curb foreign investment that was seen as a major contributor to the rapid rise in home prices.

Madame X (album)

Madame X is the fourteenth studio album by American recording artist Madonna. It was released on June 14, 2019. The first single, "Medellín", features Colombian singer Maluma and was released on April 17, 2019.

The album became Madonna's ninth number-one album in the US when it entered at the top of the "Billboard" 200 chart with 95,000 equivalent units sold in its first week (including streams). Her last US number-one album was "MDNA" in 2012.

Taken from Apple Music. The standard version of the album has 13 songs, while the deluxe has 15.

Sergio Valdés (footballer)

Sergio Valdés Silva (11 May 1933 – 2 April 2019) was a Chilean footballer. He played as a defender. 

Valdés was born in Santiago. He played for played for Club Deportivo Universidad Católica and Deportes Magallanes. He also played for Chile in a third place finish at the 1962 FIFA World Cup.

Valdés died of leukaemia on 2 April 2019 in Algarrobo. He was 85.

Sergio Valdés

Sergio Valdés may refer to:


David Lama

David Lama (; 4 August 1990 – 16 April 2019) was an Austrian sport climber and mountaineer. He won the European Championship in lead climbing in 2006 and the European Championship in bouldering in 2007. He was also the winner of the IFSC Climbing World Cup in 2008. He retired from sport climbing in 2011 to focus on mountaineering. He is known for his 2012 first free ascent of the "compressor route" (south-east ridge) on Cerro Torre in the Andes.

Lama was born in Innsbruck. His father is a mountain guide from Nepal and his mother is Austrian.

Lama, along with Hansjörg Auer and Jess Roskelley, died in an avalanche on 16 April 2019. The men were climbing Howse Peak in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies. Their bodies were found on 21 April 2019.

Jess Roskelley

Jess Roskelley (July 13, 1982 – April 16, 2019) was an American mountaineer. On May 21, 2003, he became the youngest American to reach the summit of Mount Everest. He was born in Spokane, Washington. He is the son of mountaineer John Roskelley.

Roskelley, along with David Lama and Hansjörg Auer, died in an avalanche on April 16, 2019. The men were climbing Howse Peak in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies. Their bodies were found on April 21, 2019.

Theodora Kroeber

Theodora Covel Kracaw Kroeber Quinn (March 24, 1897 – July 4, 1979) was an American writer and anthropologist. She wrote about many Native Californian cultures. She was born in Denver, Colorado. Kroeber grew up in the mining town of Telluride. She studied at the University of California, Berkeley, for undergraduate and graduate studies. In 1926, she married anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber.

Her daughter was the writer Ursula K. Le Guin (1929–2018).

Belsize Park tube station

Belsize Park is a tube station in north-west London. It is in fare zone 2. In July 2011, it became a Grade II listed building.

Hansjörg Auer

Hansjörg Auer (18 February 1984 – 16 April 2019) was an Austrian mountaineer. He is known for his free solo climbs. He is probably best known for his 2007 free solo climb of the "fish route" (south face) of Marmolada in the Dolomites, northeastern Italy. He was born in Zams, Tyrol.

Auer, along with David Lama and Jess Roskelley, died in an avalanche on 16 April 2019. The men were climbing Howse Peak in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies. Their bodies were found on 21 April 2019.

Kazuo Koike

Koike died of pneumonia on 17 April 2019, at the age of 82. He died less than a week after his rival Monkey Punch, also caused by pneumonia.


Joker Xue

Joker Xue (, born 17 July 1983) is a Chinese singer-songwriter and record producer.

Xue is known for his hit songs and stage charisma with his signature musical style. Since his 2006 debut, Xue has produced a string of great hits detailing love's triumphs and woes. His musical style melds the classic pop pairing of piano and strings with folk-tinged acoustic guitar and sultry R&B beats. His next several albums explored a variety of genres and concepts, which received wide critical acclaims and secured his status as a leading singer of his generation. He is among the most-streamed Mandopop artists on Spotify. Xue has also found success on many high-profile variety shows, and is recognized as a popular TV personality for his sense of humor.

Xue has seen his fair share of ups and downs in his life. He was born and grew up in Shanghai, China. When he was four years old, his mother died of heart disease. He studied Hotel Management at Glion Institute of Higher Education in Switzerland, before dropping out to pursue a music career. Xue first came to prominence in 2005, when his outstanding performance at the TV talent competition "My Show" gained him widespread popularity and earned him a seven-year contract with Shangteng Entertainment. His first few releases were a hit on the charts, but his career went downhill after the record company ran into financial difficulties. Not one to sit by the sidelines, Xue decided to open a hot pot business in a bid to fund his singing ambitions. He also ventured into the fashion world with one label under his belt and dabbled in acting and hosting. His business took off and he used the money he made to fund his career in music.

In 2006, Xue released his self-titled debut album “薛之谦” "Xue Zhiqian," and was awarded the Most Popular New Artiste at the 6th Global Chinese Music Awards. The album was a great success and brought about a few major hits, such as “认真的雪” "Serious Snow", “黄色枫叶” "Yellow Maple" and so on, which made him an emerging star in the Chinese music industry.

In 2007, Xue recorded his second album “你过得好吗” "How Are You," and was nominated for seven categories at the Beijing Pop Music Awards, which established his reputation as a promising singer-songwriter in his early career.

In 2008, Xue released his third album “深深爱过你” "Loved You Deeply". After listening to the song “传说” "Legend" in this album, Shinji Tanimura 谷村新司 was very impressed by Xue's outstanding composition, and invited him to the Asia Music Festival held in Osaka, Japan. On 25 July, Xue was honored as a torchbearer for the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay.

In 2009, Xue released a compilation album “未完成的歌” "Uncompleted Songs," which lists selected tracks from several of his albums, along with three new songs.

In 2012, his long-awaited fifth album “几个薛之谦” "Several Of Xue Zhiqian" was released. It marked the end of his seven-year contract with “上腾娱乐” "Shangteng Entertainment", which went out of business soon after he left.

In 2013, Xue released his sixth album “意外” "An Unexpected Journey", under the record company Ocean Butterflies. This album can be seen as Xue's second milestone not only because he finally broke free of Shangteng Entertainment, but it also gained widespread positive reaction from both critics and supporters of his music. The most popular songs from this album are “丑八怪” "Ugly" and “你还要我怎样” "What Else Do You Want Me To Do".

In 2016, Xue produced his seventh album “初学者” "Beginner", which became another commercial and musical success. Since then his music has gained wide recognition throughout Chinese-speaking regions. As the lead single of this album, “演员” "Actor" (Official Music Video) has received over 150 million views on YouTube.

In 2017, Xue released his eighth album “渡” "The Crossing", which was well-received by critics, so that Xue secured his established status as a leading singer of his generation. Songs favored by critics from this album include “高尚” "Noble" and “动物世界” "Animal World". In the same year, Xue held his concert tour “我好像在哪儿见过你” "I Think I've Seen You Somewhere".

In 2018, Xue released his ninth album “摩天大楼” "Skyscraper", and continued his string of success. In this album, songs like “摩天大楼” "Skyscraper" and “肆无忌惮” "Reckless" incorporates different musical elements, while “最好” "The Best" features a more balladic composition. In the same year, he started his “摩天大楼” "Skyscraper World Tour". He was the first singer from mainland China to headline the Wembley Arena in London, Sydney Super Dome and several other landmark venues around the world.

In 2012, Xue opened his hotpot restaurant chain "Shang Shang Qian Hotpot" 上上谦串串香火锅.

In 2015, his own fashion line, "Dangerous People", was founded in Shanghai.






Lyra McKee

Lyra Catherine McKee (31 March 1990 – 18 April 2019) was a Northern Irish journalist. She had worked for "The Atlantic" and "BuzzFeed News". She was also an editor for Mediagazer. She wrote two non-fiction books about the Troubles, "Angels with Blue Faces" (2019) and "The Lost Boys" (2020). She was signed to publisher Faber and Faber at the time of her death. She was born in Belfast. She was openly gay.

On 18 April 2019, McKee was shot to death in Derry during the riot. She was 29 years old. The New IRA were blamed for her assassination. Prime Minister Theresa May called the murder "shocking and senseless."

Victor Crone

Victor Fritz-Crone (born 31 January 1992), also known as Victor Crone, is a Swedish singer and guitarist. He represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 in Tel Aviv with the song "Storm".

John Lundvik

John Lundvik (Swedish: [jɔn ˈlɵn(d).viːk, -vɪk]; born 27 January 1983) is a Swedish-French singer, songwriter, and former sprinter. 

He was part of the athletic team for IFK Växjö. Lundvik also has a singing and songwriter career having composed songs for films and the Wedding of Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, and Daniel Westling in 2010.

In 2018, he competed in Melodifestivalen with his song "My Turn", finishing in 3rd place. He returned in 2019 and won with the song "Too Late For Love". He represented Sweden in Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with the same song, which he performed alongside The Mamas. He was also a writer for the United Kingdom's song "Bigger Than Us". Lundvik finished in fifth place. Lundvik appeared as himself in .

Sergey Lazarev

Sergey Vyacheslavovich Lazarev (Russian: Серге́й Вячесла́вович Ла́зарев, IPA: [sʲɪrˈɡʲej vʲɪt͡ɕɪsˈlavəvʲɪt͡ɕ ˈlazərʲɪf], born 1 April 1983) is a Russian singer, dancer and actor. He is most famous for his singing career, when he rose to fame as a member of the group Smash!!. The group broke up in 2006. Since then Lazarev has pursued a solo career. He represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden, and finished in third place, coming first in the televote. He will represent Russia again at Eurovision Song Contest 2019 in Tel Aviv, Israel with the song "Scream" .

Duncan Laurence

Duncan de Moor (born 11 April 1994), professionally known as Duncan Laurence, is a Dutch singer who representend the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 in Tel Aviv, Israel with the song "Arcade" from the album Loving You Is a Losing Game and won the contest.

Laurence was born in Spijkenisse and is bisexual.

Bilal Hassani

Bilal Hassani (born 9 September 1999) is a French-Moroccan singer and YouTuber. Hassani is genderqueer and was described by French media as an "icon for French LGBT youth".

She won the final of "Destination Eurovision." As a prize, she represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 by singing "Roi". She finished in 16th place out of 26 finalists.

Hassani appeared in the as herself among other Eurovision stars.

Mahmood (singer)

Alessandro Mahmoud (born 12 September 1992), better known by his stage name Mahmood, is an Italian singer-songwriter. He won the Sanremo Music Festival twice (in 2019 and 2022).

Mahmood first came to prominence after competing in season six of the Italian version of "The X Factor". In 2019, he won the Sanremo Music Festival with the song "Soldi", and represented Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with the same song. He finished as runner-up.

He won the Sanremo Music Festival 2022 once again, alongside Blanco with the song "Brividi", and they both represented again in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin. They finished in sixth place.

Anne Plunkett

Anne Maree Plunkett (born 1952) is an Australian public servant and diplomat. She has been the Australian Ambassador to Portugal since 2012. She also has authority of Cape Verde and São Tomé and Príncipe. She has also served in the past as the Australian Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland, with authority of the Holy See (Vatican).

Plunkett was born in Armidale, New South Wales. She is married and has three children.

Darude

Ville Virtanen (born July 17, 1975), better known by his stage name Darude (/dəˈruːd/), is a Finnish DJ and record producer from Eura, Finland. He started making music in 1995 and released the platinum-selling hit single "Sandstorm" in late 1999. Darude represented Finland in Eurovision 2019.


Con de Lange

Con de Wet de Lange (11 February 1981 – 18 April 2019) was a South African-born Scottish cricketer. He was a left-arm orthodox spin all-rounder and a right-handed batsman. He played for teams in South Africa before playing for Northamptonshire in England. Although he was born in Bellville, in what is now Western Cape, South Africa, he played for the Scotland national team. For a time, he was Scotland's vice-captain. In June 2015, he played his first game for Scotland against Afghanistan. He played his last game for Scotland in November 2017 against Papua New Guinea.

In October 2018, Cricket Scotland said publicly that de Lange had brain cancer. He died on 18 April 2019, at the age of 38.

2019 Madeira bus crash

On 17 April 2019, at about 18:00, a tour bus crashed in Caniço, in the archipelago of Madeira, Portugal. The bus was carrying 56 people, mostly tourists from Germany. 29 people were killed in the crash. Another 27 more were injured, including the Portuguese driver and guide.

Portuguese Prime Minister António Costa gave his support to German Chancellor Angela Merkel. The President of Portugal, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, made plans to visit the site of the crash. German foreign minister Heiko Maas went to Madeira on 18 April to help victims.

Patrick Sercu

Patrick Sercu (27 June 1944 – 19 April 2019) was a Belgian cyclist. He was active on the road and track between 1961 and 1983. On track, he won the gold medal in the 1 km time trial at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He won three world titles in the sprint, in 1963, 1967 and 1969. On the road, he earned the green jersey at the 1974 Tour de France. He holds the record for the number of six-day track race wins. He won 88 events out of 223 starts between 1961 and 1983. He also won six stages at the Tour de France and eleven stages at the Giro d'Italia.

Sercu was born in Roeselare, West Flanders. He died on 19 April 2019, at the age of 74.


Carrie Coon

Carrie Alexandra Coon (born January 24, 1981) is an American actress. She won a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Drama Series. She won that for playing Nora Durst in the HBO series "The Leftovers" Coon later played Gloria Bungle in the third season of the television series "Fargo" For that, she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award. She also won a TCA Award for the Individual Achievement in Drama for both performances.

On stage, Coon was nominated for a Tony Award for the 2012 revival of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?".

Coon was born in Copley, Ohio.

Pieter Verhoeff

Pieter Verhoeff (4 February 1938 – 17 April 2019) was a Dutch movie director. He is known for directing the movies "The Mark of the Beast" (1980), "The Dream" (1985), "Count Your Blessings" (1987), "The Sunday Child" (1992), "The Longest Journey" (1997), "Mates" (1999), "The Moving True Story of a Woman Ahead of Her Time" (2001) and "The Letter for the King" (2008). He also helped direct the Japanese miniseries "Tokyo Trial" (2016). He was born in Lemmer, Friesland.

Verhoeff died in Amsterdam on 17 April 2019, at the age of 81.

Tommie Smith

Tommie C. Smith (born June 6, 1944) is an American former track and field athlete. He won the gold medal in the 200 meter sprint at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. As well as winning the gold medal, he was known for performing a famous Black Power salute with fellow American John Carlos on the medal podium. Smith did this as a protest against racism towards African-Americans. Smith and Carlos were also supported by Australian silver medalist Peter Norman.

Smith was born in Clarksville, Texas. His autobiography, "Silent Gesture", was published in 2007.


John Carlos

John Wesley Carlos (born June 5, 1945) is an American former track and field athlete. He won the bronze medal in the 200 meter sprint at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. As well as winning the bronze medal, he was known for performing a famous Black Power salute with fellow American Tommie Smith on the medal podium. Carlos did this as a protest against racism towards African-Americans. Carlos and Smith were also supported by Australian silver medalist Peter Norman.

Carlos was born in Harlem, New York City. His memoir, "The John Carlos Story: The Sports Moment That Changed the World", was published in 2011.


Peter Norman

Peter George Norman (15 June 1942 – 3 October 2006) was an Australian track and field athlete. He won the silver medal in the 200 metre sprint at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. Also at the 1968 Olympics, Norman supported African-American sprinters Tommie Smith and John Carlos in their Black Power salute. He also wore an Olympic Project for Human Rights (OPHR) badge as he stood on the podium with Smith and Carlos. Norman's act has been praised but afterwards his career suffered. He was not chosen for the 1972 Summer Olympics and soon retired. He was coached by Neville Sillitoe. The House of Representatives gave an official apology for this in October 2012.

Norman was born in Coburg, Victoria. He was twice married and had four children. He died of a heart attack on 3 October 2006 in Melbourne. He was 64.


Sean Dyche

Sean Mark Dyche is a football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Premier League club Everton. He was most recognized for his work with Burnley getting them into the Europa League for the first time in over 50 years.

Nikki Sixx

Nikki Sixx (Frank Ferrano Jr.), born December 11th, 1958 in San Jose, California. His father (Frank Ferrano), left him and his mother (Deana Richards) when he was the age of two. 

Sixx moved to his grandparents (Jerome Idaho) early on in his life, before being expelled from his school for selling drugs. Sixx attended seven schools in the span 11 years and his grandparents were fed up with his antics. 

Sixx was sent back to live with his mother in Seattle, Washington. Soon enough he attempted to arrest his mother by borrowing a knife from his neighbor, and cutting above his forearm down to the bone. Sixx confessed to the cops that it was him and not Deana. At age 17, Sixx moved to Los Angeles. He changed his name to what he's known as now as "Nikki Sixx". 

He auditioned for many bands as the bass player, before getting into the band London with Izzy Stradlin. He was only staying for two years before grouping together people to be in his new band, which now to be known as the popular Motley Crue. For several years he lived with members of Motley Crue (Tommy Lee, Vince Neil) in a small apartment by the Whiskey a Go Go, L.A. 

In 1987 after struggling with substance abuse, Sixx was legally dead for two minutes of a heroin overdose, luckily the paramedic was a Motley Crue fan, and shot him with adrenaline twice before Sixx woke up, only to shoot up once again a day later. When Sixx woke up with a puddle of blood in his palm, he went to rehab with Motley Crue. 

Nikki Sixx has had several spouses including Courtney Sixx (2014), Donna D'Errico (1996-2007), and Brandi Brandt (1989-1996). He has four children Storm Brieanne Sixx, Gunner Nicholas Sixx, Decker Nilsson Sixx, Frankie-Jean Sixx. Many people believe Sixx was only in the popular band Motley Crue. He was also affiliated with six(x ha g e t it) (Sixx:A.M., London, Brides of Destruction, Sister, and 58). 

Bell System

The Bell System was a system of companies. The companies were led by the Bell Telephone Company and later by AT&T (the American Telephone and Telegraph Company). The Bell System provided telephone service to most of the United States and Canada. Sometimes, it was a monopoly.

The Bell System companies were founded in 1877. People called the Bell System "Ma Bell".

On December 31, 1983, the system was divided into independent companies, known as Baby Bells and RBOCs (Regional Bell Operating Companies).

The Baby Bells were BellSouth, Southwestern Bell, Bell Atlantic, Southern New England Telephone, NYNEX, Pacific Telesis and Ameritech.

In 1994-95, Southwestern Bell changed its corporate name to SBC Communications. Between 1997 and 1999, SBC bought Pacific Telesis, SNET and Ameritech.

In 1997, Bell Atlantic blended with NYNEX. That was when Bell Atlantic began doing business in New York state and New England.

In 2000, Bell Atlantic bought GTE (General Telephone and Electronics Corporation). The corporate name was changed to Verizon. Also in 2000, Qwest bought US West. The surviving company was Qwest Communications.

In 2005-06, AT&T merged with BellSouth and SBC. AT&T was the company surviving after the merger. The company became AT&T Inc.

In 2010-11, Qwest was bought out by the CenturyLink telephone company. It was then renamed CenturyLink. The company operates in many U.S. states.

CenturyLink

Lumen Technologies, Inc. (formerly CenturyLink) is an American company from Monroe, Louisiana. It provides internet, cable television and telephone service to many areas of the United States.

The original names for the company were the Oak Ridge Telephone Company, Central Telephone, and Century Telephone.

CenturyLink was established in 1930 in Oak Ridge, Louisiana. 

CenturyLink completed a merger with Qwest on Friday, April 1, 2011. CenturyLink was the surviving company. 

CenturyLink won two "Best in Class" awards in 2011.

Fall River Mills, California

Fall River Mills is a census-designated place (CDP) in Shasta County, California. At the 2020 census, 616 people lived there. There is a small airport outside the town.

Coco Austin

Nicole Natalie "Coco" Austin (born March 17, 1979) is an American actress, dancer and glamour model. She is married to rapper Ice-T.

Austin and Ice-T star in the television show "Ice Loves Coco". The show began in 2011.

Austin acted in low budget R-rated movies in the early 2000s.

Austin was born in Los Angeles, California.

Affordable housing

Affordable housing is a term for places to live that the average person can afford to purchase or rent. The cost of housing can refer either to rental housing or to homes which are owned by the occupants. People with lower income can live there. 

Most people work; they have a monthly income. To see if housing is affordable, people look at the amount of money that is spent on housing, in relation to the mothly income. When housing gets more expensive, people have to spend more of their income on it. Assuming that income doesn't increase, housing gets less affordable. The Housing market sets the price for places to live. In many places, people who do not earn a lot of money, or who are in a difficult situation can ask the government for help. They can then rent a place, where the state pays part or all of their rent. This is known as social or subsidized housing. 

The global financial crisis in 2008 caused huge changes and many problems in the world banking and housing systems. By 2011 home prices in Ireland dropped by about 45%. In the United States, prices fell by 34%, and foreclosures went up.

According to "USA Today", homes in 2019 in the United States were least affordable to purchase compared to any other year in the last ten last years. This is because home prices are increasing much faster than wages. Cities with large universities were a good choice for university students after they graduate. For example, the University of Wisconsin-Madison in Madison, Wisconsin has very affordable housing.

According to Bloomberg News, Berlin has decided to freeze rents in the city because there was not enough affordable housing.


The Fox and the Hound

The Fox and the Hound is a 1980 American animated drama movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It is loosely based on the 1967 book with the same name by Daniel P. Mannix. It is the 24th Disney animated movie. The movie tells the story of the unlikely friendship between a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper. The two friends have trouble keeping their friendship despite their emerging instincts, as well as the people around them saying that they have to be enemies. The movie was directed by Ted Berman, Richard Rich, and Art Stevens. It was produced by Ron Miller, Wolfgang Reitherman, and Art Stevens. The movie has the voices of Mickey Rooney, Kurt Russell, Pearl Bailey, Jack Albertson, Sandy Duncan, Jeanette Nolan, Pat Buttram, John Fiedler, John McIntire, Dick Bakalyan, Paul Winchell, Keith Mitchell, and Corey Feldman.

Walt Disney Productions first bought the rights to make a movie based on the novel by Daniel P. Mannix in 1967. However, the making of the movie did not actually happen until spring 1977. "The Fox and the Hound" was the last movie to involve the remaining members of Disney's Nine Old Men. Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston were two of them. In the end, the movie was handed over to a new generation of animators after the retirement of the old animators. However, the old animators had involvement in the early making of the movie. Also, "The Fox and the Hound" was the first movie for future directors including Tim Burton, Brad Bird, and John Lasseter. During the making of the movie, the movie's release was delayed by over six months. This was because of the sudden and unexpected retirement of Don Bluth and his team of animators. In the part of the movie where the character Chief is hit by a train, the movie makers were originally going to have him die like in the book. This was changed so that Chief survives with a broken leg. This decision was controversial with the movie makers.

"The Fox and the Hound" was released to movie theaters on October 17, 1980 by Buena Vista Distribution. The movie was a success at the box office. It was the 14th highest-grossing movie of the year and made $39.9 million in the United States. At the time of release, it was the most expensive animated movie produced to date. It cost $12 million to make the movie. It was re-released to theaters on March 25, 1988. An intermediate follow-up, "The Fox and the Hound 2", was released directly-to-DVD on December 12, 2006.


"The Fox and the Hound" was first released on VHS on March 4, 1994. This release was the last entry in the Walt Disney Classics collection. It was placed into moratorium on April 30, 1995. On May 2, 2000, the movie was released on Region 1 DVD for the first time. This was part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection line. A 25th anniversary special edition DVD was released on October 10, 2006.

"The Fox and the Hound" was released on Blu-ray on August 9, 2011. This was to honor the movie's 30th anniversary. The movie was released in a 3-disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo pack alongside its direct-to video follow-up "The Fox and the Hound 2" in a 2-movie Collection Edition. The Blu-ray has a new digital restoration. It presents the movie for the first time in 1.66:1 widescreen. It also has 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio. "The Fox and the Hound 2" is presented in 1.78:1 widescreen. It has the same sound as the first movie. A DVD-only edition was also released on the same day.

The movie was awarded a Golden Screen Award () in 1982. In the same year, it was also nominated for a Young Artist Award and the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film.

A follow-up, "The Fox and the Hound 2", was released directly-to-DVD on December 12, 2006. The follow-up takes place during the childhood of Tod and Copper. This is before the events of the later half of the first movie. The story-line is about Copper wanting to join a band of singing stray dogs. This puts his friendship with Tod to the test. The follow-up received negative reception. Critics considered it to be a poor copy of the first movie.


Fat Joe

Joseph Antonio Cartagena (born August 19, 1970), better known as Fat Joe, is an American rapper and actor. He started his music career as a member of the hip hop group Diggin' in the Crates Crew. He later began a solo career. 

One of Fat Joe's many famous songs includes "What's Luv" with Ja Rule and Ashanti. He also rapped on the song "All the Way Up" with Remy Ma.

Fat Joe was in the movies "Happy Feet" (2006), "Scary Movie 3" and Spike Lee's Netflix series "She's Gotta Have It".

Fat Joe was born in The Bronx, New York City.


Sunol, California

Sunol is a census-designated place in Alameda County, California. At the 2020 census, 922 people lived there. The town is known for the Niles Canyon Railway, a historic railroad. 

Descendants

Descendants is a 2015 American musical fantasy television movie. It was directed and choreographed by Kenny Ortega. The movie stars Dove Cameron, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, and Cameron Boyce. It is about the heroes and villains of Disney animated movies. The movie tells the story of the children of villains Maleficent ("Sleeping Beauty"), The Evil Queen ("Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"), Jafar ("Aladdin"), and Cruella de Vil ("One Hundred and One Dalmatians"). Their children are Mal, Evie, Jay, and Carlos. The children are given a chance to be with the heroes at Auradon Prep outside their island prison, The Isle of the Lost. Maleficent instructs Mal to steal the Fairy Godmother's magic wand and free their parents from captivity. However, they instead adjust to their new life and learn to be good. Mal falls in love with Ben, the son of King Beast and Queen Belle ("Beauty and the Beast"). The movie debuted on July 31, 2015, as a Disney Channel Original Movie, to positive reviews and 6.6 million viewers.

The movie also stars Mitchell Hope, Melanie Paxson, Brenna D'Amico, Sarah Jeffery, Zachary Gibson, Jedidiah Goodacre, Dianne Doan, Dan Payne, Keegan Connor Tracy, Wendy Raquel Robinson, Maz Jobrani, Kathy Najimy, and Kristin Chenoweth.

The movie is the first installment in the "Descendants" franchise. It was spun off into a CGI animated short-form series titled "". Two sequels to the movie were made. The first sequel was "Descendants 2", which premiered on July 21, 2017. The second sequel was "Descendants 3", which premiered on August 2, 2019.


Descendants 2

Descendants 2 is an American musical fantasy television movie. It premiered as a Disney Channel Original Movie on July 21, 2017 on Disney Channel. It was simulcast on Disney-owned networks ABC, Disney XD, Freeform, Lifetime and Lifetime Movies. It is the second installment in the "Descendants" franchise and the sequel to the 2015 movie "Descendants". The movie stars Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, Mitchell Hope and China Anne McClain. A third movie, "Descendants 3", premiered on August 2, 2019.


Neville Sillitoe

Neville John Sillitoe (born 1925) is an Australian athletics coach. He coached the national team at the 1982 Commonwealth Games in Brisbane. He also coached Australian athletes at the Commonwealth Games and the Summer Olympics. Athletes he coached include Peter Norman, Gary Holdsworth, Greg Lewis, Denise Boyd, Tamsyn Lewis and many others. He served as head athletics coach at Caulfield Grammar School from 1983 to 2014. In 2018, Sillitoe was awarded an Order of Australia for services to athletics.

David Morrison

David Lindsay Morrison (born 24 May 1956) is a retired Australian senior army officer. He served as the Australian Army's Chief of Army from June 2011 until his retirement in May 2015. He was a lieutenant general. He is also known for his work towards gender equality and diversity. He was named Australian of the Year in 2016.

Morrison was born in Cairns, Queensland. His father was Major General Alan Morrison (1927–2008).


Takashi Hiraoka

Hiraoka was born in Osaka. He grew up in both Japan and Korea. He was not in Hiroshima at the time of the atomic bombing in August 1945.

John Kander

John Harold Kander (born March 18, 1927) is an American composer. He is best known for his songwriting partnership with Fred Ebb, also known as Kander and Ebb. His most famous musicals are "Cabaret" and "Chicago". Kander has won three Tony Awards, two Grammy Awards and two Emmy Awards. He has helped make the music for the movies "Cabaret", "New York, New York", "Kramer vs. Kramer", "Places in the Heart", "Billy Bathgate" and "Chicago".

Kander was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He is from a Jewish family. He is openly gay. In 2010, he married his partner since 1977, Albert Stephenson.


Josine Ianco-Starrels

Josine Ianco-Starrels (October 17, 1926 – April 8, 2019) was a Romanian-born American art curator. She worked as a museum director in Los Angeles, California. She was an associate professor of the Art Gallery Division at California State University, Los Angeles from 1969 to 1975. From 1975 to 1987, Ianco-Starrels was Director of the Los Angeles Municipal Art Gallery. She was behind many art exhibits across southern California from the 1970s to 2000. She retired in 2000.

Ianco-Starrels was born in Bucharest. Her father was Marcel Janco (1895–1984), an artist, architect and one of the founding members of Dadaism. She died of natural causes on April 8, 2019 in Rogue River, Oregon. She was 92.

Rogue River, Oregon

Rogue River is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 2,407.

Super High Me

Super High Me is a 2007 American documentary movie. It is directed by Michael Blieden. It stars comedian Doug Benson. In the documentary, Benson smokes cannabis for 30 days straight to see the effects. The title of "Super High Me" and its poster are plays on the documentary "Super Size Me" (2004) by Morgan Spurlock.

"Super High Me" had its full release on April 20, 2008 (4/20). The documentary has a 63% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

Rodolfo Severino Jr.

Rodolfo Certeza Severino Jr. (27 April 1936 – 19 April 2019) was a Filipino diplomat. He served as the 10th Secretary-General of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) from 1998 to 2002. He also served as the ambassador to Malaysia from 1989 to 1992. He was a professor at many universities in Singapore. He was born in Manila.

Severino died of problems caused by Parkinson's disease on 19 April 2019. He was 82.

Okiharu Yasuoka

Yasuoka died of pancreatic cancer on 19 April 2019 at a hospital in Tokyo. He was 79.

Massimo Marino (TV presenter)

Massimo Marino (8 February 1960 – 19 April 2019) was an Italian television presenter and actor. He started his presenting career as the host of "ViviRoma" in 1995. He also acted in the movies "Grande, grosso e... Verdone" (2008), "Una estate al mare" (2008), "A Natale mi sposo" (2010) and "Una cella in due e Matrimonio a Parigi" (2011). He was the publisher of the magazine "ViviRoma" from 1989. He was born in Rome.

Marino died in Rome on 19 April 2019, at the age of 59.

Rahul Gandhi

Rahul Gandhi (born 19 June 1970) is an Indian politician and member of the political party Indian National Congress. His great-grandfather was Jawaharlal Nehru, who was India's first Prime-Minister. His grandmother was Indira Gandhi who was India's first woman Prime Minister. His father Rajiv Gandhi was India's youngest Prime Minister. He is the chief of the Indian National Congress. He also heads the Indian Youth Congress and the National Students Union of India. He is a former member of the Indian Parliament and represented Amethi, Uttar Pradesh in the 16th Lok Sabha.

Gandhi completed his primary education in New Delhi and Dehradun. After his father became the Prime Minister, he was taught at home because of security problems. He studied at Rollins College under an assumed name. Later, he also Cambridge. 

Gandhi entered politics in 2004 and won the from Amethi. Amethi is a constituency that was earlier held by his father. He won both the 2009 and 2014 elections from the same constituency. He became the General Secretary of the Congress in 2007 and was elected Vice-President of the party in 2013. Gandhi led the Indian National Congress campaign for the 2014 Indian general elections. The party its worst defeat in that election. It won only 44 seats. 

On 23 March 2023, Gandhi was convicted and sentenced to two years imprisonment by a court in Surat, Gujarat, under charges of defamation because of remarks he had made against Narendra Modi during the 2019 Indian general election campaign. On 24 March 2023, he was disqualified by the Lok Sabha speaker from the membership of the Parliament. The notification issued stated he was an Ex-MP and said that he was disqualified under Article 102 of the Constitution. On 4 August, Gandhi's conviction was stayed by the Supreme Court of India pending appeal.

Rahul Gandhi was born in Delhi on 19 June 1970. He was the first of the two children of Rajiv Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi. His family is well known for having a special place in Indian politics. His father later became the Prime Minister of India. His mother became the President of the Indian National Congress. His paternal grandfather Feroze Gandhi was a Parsi from Gujarat. Priyanka Vadra is his younger sister and Robert Vadra is his brother-in-law. He identifies himself as a Hindu Brahmin.

Rahul Gandhi attended St. Columba's School, Delhi. He studied at The Doon School in Dehradun, Uttarakhand from 1981 to 1983. Due to the security threats faced by the family from Sikh extremists after Indira Gandhi's assassination, he was later home-schooled.

Rahul Gandhi joined St. Stephen's College, Delhi in 1989 for his undergraduate education. However, he moved to Harvard University after he completed the first year examinations. In 1991, Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated by the Tamil Tigers. After the assassination, Rahul Gandhi shifted to Rollins College in Florida, USA, due to security problems. While he was at Rollins College, he used Raul Vinci as his name. His real name was known only to a few university officials and security agencies. He later studied at Trinity College Cambridge.

After graduation, Rahul Gandhi worked at the Monitor Group, a management consulting firm, in London. In 2002, he became one of the directors of Mumbai-based technology outsourcing firm Backops Services Private Ltd. In 2004, Gandhi had told the press that he had a Spanish girlfriend who was an architect. He had met her while studying in England. In 2013, he suggested that he may not get married.

Rahul Gandhi's political career started in March 2004 when he said that he would become a candidate for the Amethi region for the elections held in India in May 2004. The Amethi region had earlier been held by his father, Rajiv Gandhi and then his mother Sonia Gandhi, who later chose another region to become a candidate from.



Burns, Oregon

Burns is a city and the county seat of Harney County, Oregon. At the 2020 census, 2,730 people lived there. The town lies 1,264 meters above sea-level. 

Le Glèbe

Le Glèbe was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2003 when the municipalities of Estavayer-le-Gibloux, Rueyres-Saint-Laurent, Villarlod, and Villarsel-le-Gibloux. joined together to become Le Glèbe. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Corpataux-Magnedens, Farvagny, Le Glèbe, Rossens and Vuisternens-en-Ogoz merged to form the new municipality of Gibloux.


Fish sauce

Fish sauce is an Asian cooking ingredient. It is made from fish or krill which has been coated in salt and then fermented for up to two years. It is used as a seasoning in quite a lot of Asian dishes, particularly those from Burma, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam.

Fish sauce is used by chefs to add the umami flavor to dishes. Soy sauce is sometimes considered a vegetarian alternative to fish sauce.

In French and international cuisine the corresponding term is fish stock. That is made differently and tastes different.

Le Mouret

Le Mouret is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Le Mouret was created on January 1, 2003 from the merger of Bonnefontaine, Essert, Montévraz, Oberried, Praroman, and Zénauva.

Le Mouret has villages of Praroman, Moulin à Bentz, Le Mouret, Le Pafuet, Essert, Montévraz-Dessous, Montévraz-Dessus, Montembloud, Zénauva, Oberried, Montécu and Bonnefontaine.


Noréaz

Noréaz was amunicipality in Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipalities Corserey, Noréaz and Prez-vers-Noréaz joined together to become the new municipality of Prez.


Ponthaux

Ponthaux is a municipality of the district Saane, in the canton of Fribourg, in Switzerland.

Prez-vers-Noréaz

Prez-vers-Noréaz was a municipality in Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipalities Corserey, Noréaz and Prez-vers-Noréaz joined to become the new municipality Prez.


Rossens, Fribourg

Rossens was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Corpataux-Magnedens, Farvagny, Le Glèbe, Rossens and Vuisternens-en-Ogoz merged to form the new municipality of Gibloux.


Vuisternens-en-Ogoz

Vuisternens-en-Ogoz was a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Corpataux-Magnedens, Farvagny, Le Glèbe, Rossens and Vuisternens-en-Ogoz merged to form the new municipality of Gibloux.

Senèdes

Senèdes was a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Arconciel, Ependes and Senèdes merged to form the new municipality of Bois-d'Amont.

Villarsel-sur-Marly

Villarsel-sur-Marly is a municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Treyvaux

Treyvaux is a municipality of the district Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.


Agriswil

Agriswil is a village of the district See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, Ried bei Kerzers incorporated the neighboring municipality of Agriswil.

Esmonts

Esmonts is a village of the district Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006, Vuarmarens incorporated the formerly independent municipality of Esmonts and on 1 January 2012, it has been with Vuarmarens merged to form Ursy.

Vuisternens

Vuisternens can mean:

List of Blue's Clues episodes

This is a List of Blue's Clues episodes on Nickelodeon from September 8, 1996 to May 10, 2004.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Alfred L. Kroeber

Alfred Louis Kroeber (June 11, 1876 – October 5, 1960) was an American cultural anthropologist. He earned his Ph.D. at Columbia University in 1901. Franz Boas supervised Kroeber's studies. Kroeber was also the first professor in the Department of Anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley. He was director of the Museum of Anthropology at Berkeley from 1909 through 1947. Kroeber studied an man named Ishi, the last surviving member of the Yahi people. Kroeber was the father of the novelist, poet, and writer of short stories Ursula K. Le Guin.

Ishi in Two Worlds

Ishi in Two Worlds is a biography of Ishi, the last known member of the Yahi Native American people. Theodora Kroeber wrote the book. It was published in 1961. It was translated into nine languages.

Ishi had been found alone and starving outside Oroville, California in 1911. The anthropologists Alfred Louis Kroeber and Thomas Waterman took him to the Museum of Anthropology in San Francisco. There, he was studied by the anthropologists, before his death in 1916. Theodora Kroeber married Alfred Kroeber in 1926. Though she had never met Ishi, she decided to write a biography of him.

The book has two parts. The first part is called "Ishi the Yahi". It tells about the history and the culture of the Yahi people. The second part is called "Mister Ishi". It tells about his life at the museum. 

The first part begins with the history of California before European colonization. Kroeber writes that though there were few Yahi, they once occupied a large part of the Sacramento Valley. Other, more numerous, Native American peoples probably pushed the Yahi into the mountains. The first part also describes the Yahi language and the landscape where they lived near Mount Lassen.

Several chapters in the first section are about the destruction of the Yahi by white settlers. The second part of the book begins with a history of the museum in San Francisco where Ishi was taken. It also tells how he got the name Ishi. At the museum, Alfred Kroeber and others arranged for weekly public demonstrations. Ishi would usually demonstrate stringing a bow, or making fire with a fire drill. Finally Ishi's friends had to arrange for Ishi to work as a janitor, so the university would pay to support him. In addition to Kroeber, Waterman and Pope, Ishi became friends with other Native American friends of the anthropologists, such as Juan Dolores, a Tohono O'odham Indian. Ishi spent much of his time at the museum making tools and weapons. He also went hunting with his friends. The last chapter of the book tells of Ishi becoming sick with tuberculosis in late 1914, and his death from the disease soon afterwards.

Emory University

Emory University is a private university in Atlanta, in the U.S. state of Georgia. The university was started by the Methodist Episcopal Church as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia. It was named after Methodist bishop John Emory. The college moved to Druid Hills after Asa Griggs Candler, a wealthy businessperson from the slave owning Magruder family, offered it money and land there.


Berkeley High School (California)

Berkeley High School is a public high school in the Berkeley Unified School District. It is the only public high school in the city of Berkeley, California. It is one long block west of Shattuck Avenue and three short blocks south of University Avenue in downtown Berkeley. The school mascot is the Yellowjacket.


2019 Belizean territorial dispute referendum

A referendum on the territorial dispute with Guatemala was originally and initially scheduled to be held in Belize on 10 April 2019, but the date has now been delayed and set on 8 May 2019.

Yes : 58%
No : 42%

The purpose of this referendum is to ask the Belizeans If they agree that their neighbouring country, Guatemala and their country, Belize request the International Court of Justice (ICJ) to finally resolve the Belizean-Guatemala territorial dispute.

Simbakubwa

Simbakubwa kutokaafrika is an extinct species of giant hyaena-like mammal. It was in the order Hyaenodonta. It was originally classified as a creodont. It lived during the early Miocene and was found in Kenya.

The type specimen had been sitting in the Nairobi National Museum for many years until two American palaeontologists took an interest in it. It was got from deposits dated to be 23 million years old. The animal must have been huge, perhaps up to 1,500 kg (3,300 lb) in weight. It might have been bigger the modern polar bear in size.

Africa in the early Miocene was much more forested than today, and even the area which is now Kenya would have had much less grassland. Therefore, instead of the run-and-chase routine of most carnivores today, the emphasis would be more on stealthy stalk-and-pounce methods.

Teeth of this species show it did not have the crushing molars of modern hyaenas. What it did have here huge carnassials for slicing flesh. "Simbakubwa" was probably a specialist hunter and scavenger that preyed on creatures such as rhinoceroses and early elephants.

"Simbakubwa" was a straightforward flesh-eater, and one of the largest mammalian carnivores ever found.

Rijksmuseum

The Rijksmuseum is a Dutch museum. It is run by the government and focused on the arts and history of Amsterdam. The museum is located in Amsterdam 

The Rijksmuseum was opened in The Hague in 1800. It then moved to Amsterdam in 1808. The current main building was designed by Pierre Cuypers and opened in 1885. In 2013 and 2014, it was the most visited museum in the Netherlands. It is also the largest art museum in the country.

The museum has 8,000 items that can be seen by those who go to it. This is out of a total of 1 million items. The collection includes items by Rembrandt, Frans Hals, and Johannes Vermeer. The museum also has a small collection of Asian items.

The year 1795 marked the start of the Batavian Republic. One of the members of the new government was Isaac Gogel. He suggested a new national museum, like the French Louvre. On 19 November 1798, the government agreed to the museum.

On 31 May 1800, the new museum opened. It was at first known as the National Art Gallery (Dutch: "Nationale Kunst-Galerij"). It had about 200 paintings and other items. These came from the collections of the Dutch stadtholders.

In 1806, the Kingdom of Holland was established by Napoleon Bonaparte. It replaced the Batavian Republic. In 1808, the museum moved to Amsterdam as ordered by Louis Bonaparte. After the move, more paintings were added. These included "The Night Watch" by Rembrandt.

In 1863, there was a design contest for a new building for the museum. None of the submissions were selected.

In 1876, a new contest was held and this time Pierre Cuypers won. His design was a mix of gothic and renaissance. The work on the new building start on 1 October 1876. It opened on 13 July 1885.

In 1890, another building was added a short distance to the south-west of the Rijksmuseum. This one was made out of pieces of demolished buildings. It has since become known as the 'fragment building'. It is also known as the 'south wing' and is currently (in 2013) branded as the "Philips Wing".

In 1906, the hall for the "Night Watch" was rebuilt. More changes were made between the 1920s and 1950s. In the 1960s extra rooms and floors were built. Other changes and fixes were done in 1984, 1995–1996 and 2000.

The south wing of the museum was repaired in 1996.

In December 2003, the main building was closed for repair. During these repairs, about 400 items could still be viewed in the south wing. These included Rembrandt's "The Night Watch" and other 17th-century paintings.

The repairs were completed on 16 July 2012. On 13 April 2013, the main building was opened again.

The main building was designed by Pierre Cuypers and opened in 1885. It has two squares with an atrium in each centre. The Rijksmuseum is a national heritage site since 1970.

The collection has 1 million items of arts, crafts, and history. These come from the years 1200 to 2000. Around 8000 of these items can be viewed in the museum.

The collection has more than 2,000 paintings from the Dutch Golden Age. Some are from notable painters such as Jacob van Ruisdael, Frans Hals, Johannes Vermeer, Jan Steen, Rembrandt, and Rembrandt's students.

The museum also has a small Asian collection.

It also displays the stern of HMS "Royal Charles" which was captured in the Raid on the Medway, and the Hartog plate.

In 2012, the museum made 125,000 high-resolution images available for download. It plans to add another 40,000 images per year until the entire collection is available.

Rijks, stylized as RIJKS®, is a restaurant in the Philips Wing. Joris Bijdendijk has been the chef since the opening in 2014. The restaurant was awarded a Michelin star in 2017.


2019 Sri Lanka Easter bombings

There were a series of suicide bombings targeting Christians and tourists in Sri Lanka, on Easter Sunday 2019 (21 April). Three churches and three luxury hotels in the Colombo area were targeted. Eight bombers killed 269 people and themselves. At least 500 people were wounded. There were also smaller bombings in other locations. One of the churches was Protestant; the other two were Catholic.

The bombings happened at nearly the same time. At least two of the bombings appeared to have been suicide attacks.

The ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attacks, along with a religious extremist group called whose members, including its president, Zahran Hashim carried out the attack. There were some arrests in connection with the bombings.

There are many ethnic and religious groups in Sri Lanka. There has been a lot of violence between different groups. Most people in Sri Lanka are Buddhist. About ten percent are Muslims, and about 7.5 per cent are Christian (about 80% of them are Catholics; the remaining 20% are evenly split between Anglicans and other Protestants).

Most victims are from Sri Lanka. Between 20 and 30 foreigners were killed.

According to the government reports, all of the suicide bombers in the attacks were Sri Lankan citizens. The government said, they were associated with , a local militant Islamist group previously known for attacks against Buddhists.

Processual archaeology

Processual archaeology, formerly called New Archaeology, is a way of doing archaeology that tries to be as scientific as possible. Archaeologists are people who study people through objects. Often by digging for remains and artifacts. Processual archaeologists use specific methods to come up with general rules that explain human culture around the world and through time. This means they are trying to find reasons that explain why people around the world do things in similar ways.

Processual archaeology came about in the 1960s and is an approach to archaeology; this means it is a way of doing archaeology that people choose to follow. Before the processual approach, another approach was ‘culture history’ which tried to only create histories for particular places. Culture history archaeologists started with a modern culture and traced its roots back as far as they would go. Culture history archaeologists dug units (square holes that are dug very carefully) that went very deep to find the oldest objects. Anywhere you dig, the youngest materials are close to the surface at the top and the oldest materials are at the bottom. Archaeologists learn about the history of a place by knowing what objects came in what order. This helps archaeologists understand the history of a place.

Processual archaeology is different from culture history because archaeologists dug larger units to understand more widely what was happening at a site, or place of archaeological importance. These new archaeologists also added many scientific instruments to help them study the past.

Lewis Binford was a famous processual archaeologist from the 1960s. He believed that archaeology should be practiced like anthropology. Anthropology is the study of past and present people and the many parts of what it means to be human. Binford argued that archaeologists are responsible to add to anthropology as a field of study; this includes how cultures and societies around the world change over time.

Binford wanted to study different types of things to show changes over time in many different parts of human culture. He tried to do this by studying things in a systematic way (a way that follows set rules and can be repeated). Binford believed that some parts of culture were more important than others and thought that the way people act is based on forces or laws that people do not know about and cannot control.

Processual archaeologists tried to create models to explain why and how people would act. They felt that humans behave the same and given the same conditions or choices, people will make similar ones. 
Processual archaeologists also decided to conduct archaeologically scientifically. They used radiometric dating techniques to figure out how old an artifact is, as well as other techniques to prove how the artifact was used. They began to reproduce artifacts to better understand how they were made. This is called experimental archaeology. Another scientific approach was to conduct ethnographic fieldwork (link) to better understand past hunter gatherers. Processualists think that the way hunter gatherers are today is similar to the way they were in the past. This helps us understand them better.

Post processualism challenged processual archaeology. Post processual archaeologists thought that processualists did not think beyond the artifacts and forgot about the people behind the pots. They also challenged the assumption that humans act rationally and the idea that behavior can be modelled. They also challenged how processual archaeologists know what they know, and looked at the biases behind work.

Processual archaeology continues to be used today, however it is not the same as it was when it started. The biggest change came with computers. The models that archaeologists could be tested and seen to be accurate or not. More detailed examinations of artifacts could be made. Not all archaeologists think the same way about the past. After processual archaeology came post-processual archaeology which challenged a lot of the assumptions being made. Both processualists and post processualists exist today.

Binford, Lewis R.
1962. "Archaeology as anthropology". In Contemporary Archaeology, ed by M. Leone, pp. 93–101. Southern Illinois University, Carbondale.
1965. "Archaeological systematics and the study of culture process". In American Antiquity 31(2) Part 1: 203-210.

Binford, Sally R. & Lewis Binford.
1968. New Perspectives in Archaeology. Chicago, Aldine Press.

Trigger, Bruce.
1989. A History of Archaeological Thought. Cambridge University Press: New York

White, Leslie A.
1959. The Evolution of Culture. McGraw-Hill, New York.

Willey, Gordon R., and Philip Phillips.
1958. Method and Theory in American Archaeology. Univ. of Chicago Press, Chicago.

Riley, Oregon

Riley is a unincorporated community in Harney County, Oregon. It is found 45 km west of Burns, and is located at the meeting point of U.S. Highway 395 and U.S. Highway 20. It lies 1,288 meters above sea level. 

Orion Pictures

Orion Pictures (also known as Orion Releasing LLC) is an American movie production company. It is owned by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The company made and released movies from 1978 to 1999.

Of the many movies distributed by Orion, four won the Academy Awards for Best Picture: "Amadeus" (1984), "Platoon" (1986), "Dances with Wolves" (1990) and "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991).
In 1997, Orion was bought by MGM. In 2013, MGM revived the Orion name for television. In 2014, MGM restarted Orion Pictures.

In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Orion was famous for its "RoboCop" movies. The first "RoboCop" was in 1987. The second movie, "RoboCop 2", was in 1990. The third movie, "RoboCop 3", was released in November 1993.

Also during this period, Orion released the "Terminator" movies in 1984 and 1991. Both of them had Arnold Schwarzenegger as the Terminator.

On February 5, 2019, MGM and Annapurna Pictures expanded their U.S. distribution company, Mirror. Mirror was changed to United Artists Releasing. 

Joe Armstrong (programmer)

Joseph Leslie Armstrong (27 December 1950 – 20 April 2019) was a British computer scientist. He is best known as one of the co-designers of the Erlang programming language. He was given a Ph.D. in computer science from KTH Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm, Sweden in 2004. He later became a professor at KTH from 2014. He was born in Bournemouth, Hampshire.

Armstrong died on 20 April 2019, at the age of 68. 

John Singleton

John Daniel Singleton (January 6, 1968 – April 28, 2019) was an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He was best known for directing "Boyz n the Hood" (1991). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, becoming the first African American and youngest person to have ever been nominated for the award, at age 24. His other works included "Poetic Justice" (1993), "Higher Learning" (1995), and "Baby Boy" (2001).

On April 17, 2019, Singleton had a massive stroke and was hospitalized in the intensive care unit in Los Angeles. On April 25, it was reported that he was in a coma. On April 29, he was said to be on life-support, but he actually died on April 28 at the age of 51 at Cedars-Sinai Hospital.


Walidah Imarisha

Walidah Imarisha is an American writer, activist, educator and spoken word artist. She is known for creating the phrase "visionary fiction."

Imarisha is co-editor, with adrienne maree brown, of "Octavia's Brood: Science Fiction Stories From Social Justice Movements". It is named after the legendary science fiction writer Octavia Butler. She also co-edited "Another World Is Possible" in response to the 9/11 attacks.

Imarisha is the author of the poetry collection "Scars/Stars" (Drapetomedia, 2013). She also wrote a nonfiction book about criminal justice issues, "Angels with Dirty Faces: Dreaming Beyond Bars" (AK Press/IAS, 2016). It won the 2017 Oregon Book Award for Creative Nonfiction. She was a member of the poetry duo Good Sista/Bad Sista. She appeared on Puerto Rican punk band Ricanstruction's second album, "Love and Revolution". Her words have been featured in Total Chaos: The Art And Aesthetics of Hip Hop, Letters From Young Activists, Daddy, Can I Tell You Something, Word Warriors: 35 Women Leaders in the Spoken Word Revolution, The Quotable Rebel, Near Kin: A Collection of Words and Art Inspired by Octavia Butler, Joe Strummer: Punk Rock Warlord, Stories for Chip: A Tribute to Samuel R. Delany, and Life During Wartime: Resisting Counterinsurgency.

Imarisha was also one of the founders, and the first editor, of the political hip hop publication "AWOL Magazine". She worked on the editorial board for the national Left Turn Magazine. She was the director and co-producer of the Katrina documentary "Finding Common Ground in New Orleans".

Imarisha and "Octavia's Brood" co-editor Adrienne Maree Brown describe the term "visionary fiction" as follows:

Trying to imagine "a world without war, without violence, without prisons, without capitalism" is making a kind of speculative fiction. Organizers and activists work hard to create and imagine another world, or many other worlds, just as science fiction does. 

"We believe that radical science fiction" should be called "visionary fiction because it pulls from real life experience, inequalities and movement building to create innovative ways of understanding the world around us, paint visions of new worlds that could be, and teach us new ways of interacting with one another. Visionary fiction engages our imaginations and hearts, and guides our hands as organizers."

Walidah has taught in many places, including:

She spoke in public all over Oregon as a scholar with Oregon Humanities' Conversation Project for six years on topics such as Oregon Black history, alternatives to putting people in prison, and the history of hip hop.

Walidah was a member of the board of the Central Committee for Conscientious Objectors for six years. She helped to start the Human Rights Coalition, a group of prisoners' families and people who used to be prisoners.

Jerry Clack

Jerry Clack (July 22, 1926 – April 15, 2019) was an American scholar and political activist. He served as Professor of Classical Languages at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh. He retired in 2011. He was also known for his work in the community as member of Citizens for Global Solutions and chairman of the Opera Theater of Pittsburgh. He was born in New York City.

Clack died on April 15, 2019, at the age of 92.

Peter Colotka

Peter Colotka (10 January 1925 – 21 April 2019) was a Slovak academic, lawyer and politician. He served as the Prime Minister of the Slovak Socialist Republic from 1969 to 1988. He was became the Czechoslovak ambassador to France in late 1988 and served until January 1990. In 1990, he was arrested and accused of embezzlement, abuse of power and theft. Charges were dropped in 1994.

Colotka was born in the village of Sedliacka Dubová. He studied law at Comenius University in Bratislava. He died on 21 April 2019, at the age of 94.

Reggie Cobb

Reginald John Cobb (July 7, 1968 – April 20, 2019) was an American football player. He played as a running back. He played seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1990–1993), Green Bay Packers (1994), Jacksonville Jaguars (1995) and New York Jets (1996). He played college football for the Tennessee Volunteers of the University of Tennessee. He was born in Knoxville, Tennessee.

Cobb died from a heart attack on April 20, 2019, at the age of 50.


Aminul Haque

Aminul Haque (; 1942 or 1943 – 21 April 2019) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP). He served as the country's Minister of Post and Telecommunications from 2001 to 2006. He was also a member of parliament for Rajshahi-1 from 1991 to 2006. Outside of politics, he was a barrister.

Haque died of liver cancer on 21 April 2019 in Dhaka. He was 73.

Karl Grob

Karl Grob (30 May 1946 – 20 April 2019) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Küsnacht.

Grob played for his local team, Küsnacht, before signing for Zürich. For his time at Zürich, he has been called a legend. He won five Swiss Super Leagues and 4 Swiss Cups with Zürich. He also made the most caps for the club in the league, European competition and in total appearances. He later played for Biel-Bienne for one season. He also played seven times for Switzerland.

Grob died of heart failure on 20 April 2019 in Zürich. He was 72.


Braulio Lara

Braulio Armando Lara (20 December 1988 – 20 April 2019) was a Dominican professional baseball player. He played as a pitcher. In the United States, he was signed to the Tampa Bay Rays, the Miami Marlins and the Washington Nationals. In 2016, he played with the SK Wyverns of the KBO League in South Korea. He later played for the Mexican teams Sultanes de Monterrey and Generales de Durango. He was born in Baní, Peravia Province.

Lara died in a car accident on 20 April 2019 in Baní. He was 30.

Amelia Vargas

Amelia Graciela Vargas Ipaneca (16 January 1928 – 21 April 2019) was a Cuban actress and dancer. She lived and worked in Argentina. She starred in the comedy movies "Arroz con leche" (1950), "The Phantom of the Operetta" (1955) and "Cleopatra Was Candida" (1964). She was born in Havana.

Vargas died in Buenos Aires on 21 April 2019. She was 91.

Martin Böttcher

Martin Böttcher (17 June 1927 – 19 April 2019) was a German composer, arranger and conductor. He is best known for composing the scores for the 1960s movies based on the Karl May books. His music is said to have helped inspire the Italian movie industry to make their own Westerns. This created a new genre, Spaghetti Westerns. In his career, he worked on more than 50 movies and 300 television shows.

Böttcher was born in Berlin. He died on 19 April 2019, at the age of 91.


Wally Carr

Wally "Wait-awhile-Wal" Carr (11 August 1954 – 13 April 2019) was an Australian professional boxer. He was described by "Boxing 1970–1980" as having "boxing ability to burn" and "outstanding skills". He was professional from 1971 to 1986. He had 100 pro fights, winning 53 (27 by knockout), losing 38 and drawing nine times. In 2010, he was added to the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame.

Carr was born in Wellington, New South Wales. He was an indigenous man of the Wiradjuri people. He had four children. His grandson, Joshua Addo-Car (born 1995), is a rugby league player.

Carr died of stomach cancer on 13 April 2019 in Newtown, New South Wales. He was 64.

Shantha Mayadunne

Shantha Mayadunne (; 4 April 1951 – 21 April 2019) was a Sri Lankan chef, writer and television personality.

She had thirty years of experience in cooking and became one of the most popular Sri Lankan television chefs. She learned how to cook in Australia, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Thailand and India. As her popularity grew, she started to teach classes through workshops and mass media programs. She published two books, the first in 2001 and the second in 2005.

She was killed on 21 April 2019 by a suicide bomber during a series of terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka. Her daughter was also killed in the attacks when both of them stayed at the Shangri-La Hotel, Colombo for breakfast.

Harper's Magazine

Harper's Magazine (also called Harper's) is a monthly magazine of literature, politics, culture, finance, and the arts. Launched in June 1850, it is the second-oldest continuously published monthly magazine in the United States. Harper's Magazine has won 22 National Magazine Awards.

Krasimir Bezinski

Krasimir Smilenov Bezinski (; 29 June 1961 – 22 April 2019) was a Bulgarian footballer. He played as a defender for nearly 20 years. He played for five clubs, Pirin Blagoevgrad, CSKA Sofia, Portimonense, Maccabi Ironi Ashdod and Hapoel Petah Tikva. He also played 21 times for the Bulgarian national team between 1980 and 1993.

Bezinski was born in Blagoevgrad. He died of colorectal cancer in Sofia in 2019. He was 57.

Julio César Toresani

Julio César Toresani (5 December 1967 – 22 April 2019) was an Argentine football player and manager. He played in the midfield.

Toresani was born in Santa Fe. He played for Unión de Santa Fe, Instituto, River Plate, Colón de Santa Fe, Boca Juniors, Independiente, Audax Italiano and Patronato. He later managed many clubs, beginng at San Martín de San Juan from 2005 to 2006. His later coaching role was at Rampla Juniors from November 2018 until he was fired in February 2019.

Toresani died by suicide on 22 April 2019 in Santa Fe. He was 51.

Mark Connolly (public official)

Mark Connolly (September 2, 1955 – April 13, 2019) was an American businessman and public official. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was one of the main Democratic candidate for Governor of New Hampshire in 2016. New Hampshire. He served as a Representative in the New Hampshire state legislature and as Deputy Secretary of State. He was also Director of the New Hampshire Bureau of Securities Regulation from 2002 to 2010.

Connolly in Newton, Massachusetts. He was engaged to Terri Lareau at the time of his death. He lived in both New Castle, New Hampshire and Indian Wells, California. He died of problems from a brain hemorrhage on April 13, 2019 in Rancho Mirage, California. He was 63.

New Castle, New Hampshire

New Castle is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1000.

St. Louis Lambert International Airport

The St. Louis Lambert International Airport is an airport. It is the main airport in St. Louis, Missouri area. It is 14 miles north of St. Louis. It is the largest and busiest airport in Missouri, with over 259 daily departures.

Feminist anthropology

Feminist anthropology is a theory that combines anthropology (the study of humans) and feminism (the political movement for the rights of women). Feminism began to noticeably make a mark on anthropology during the 1970's. Feminist anthropology changed how anthropologists study women. Anthropologists for the most part used to ignore women’s work and not bother understanding their social roles. The influence of feminist anthropology can be seen in the inclusion of women’s stories and perspectives in anthropology. 

Before the 1960's most anthropologists were men, most anthropology research was about men, and because of that the contributions of women were not understood or considered important. Feminist anthropologists were recognized as a group in the 1970’s. They were concerned about male bias, so they worked to get more women doing research and writing and more academics focusing on the roles of women in their research. Feminist anthropology is often political and related to activism, or making change to help people that need it. 

Feminist anthropology led to an increase in research from all over the world that focused on women. Early feminist anthropologists in the United States and Europe questioned whether women were considered unequal to men everywhere in the world, or if that was just true where they were from. They found that people think of and treat women as less important than men all over the world. Feminism was needed everywhere. Unfortunately, what a lot of feminists thought about as gender related issues that everyone faced were mostly things that educated white women from the United States and Europe knew about and saw as issues. Other perspectives about womanhood were expressed but they were not as common in academic writing or getting as much attention in anthropology. This was a big problem.

Later feminist anthropologists questioned whether the idea of gender is the same everywhere in the world. They found out that lots of people have lots of different ideas about what gender is and what is normal for people of different genders to do. This means that even though women all over the world are treated as less important than men in a lot of situations, this looks different to different women. This includes people born in different areas of the world, with different religions, lifestyles, education levels, body types, skin colors, sexualities, incomes, jobs, and physical abilities. Not all women have the same experiences of womanhood, which is one of the reasons that it is so important that feminist anthropology comes from the perspectives of lots of women who have had different life experiences from each other. Today it does. 

Feminist anthropology doesn't only come from the voices of white educated women, but there are still more of those voices represented than the voices of all of the other women in the world. It has happened a lot (and still happens a lot) that white educated women tell the stories of women who have very different life experiences than them. Sometimes they do a good job telling the stories but sometimes they get things wrong or they don’t understand the perspective of the women they are talking about. Feminist anthropologists today aim to recognize and point out this kind of bias. Sometimes feminist anthropologists talk a bit about their experiences to let people understand their perspective and their potential bias more before reading their paper. Sometimes they talk about their ideas in unusual ways like with poetry, drawings, or in multiple languages to let people see their perspective in different ways. This helps make anthropology easier to understand for people who don't read academic papers, don't speak English, or think in different ways than people are taught to think in western schools. 

Feminist anthropology today is connecting people all over the world by sharing stories of women and creating ideas to combat different types of male dominance. Both women and men read and write feminist anthropology. Sharing and trying to understand the significance of women’s stories gives these stories importance when they might not have been heard, lets people understand what makes different women happy and what problems different women face, uncovers and helps explain similarities and differences in people, and might make it easier for people who don’t know each other to help each other out. Sometimes these stories are written by the women they are about (autoethnographies) and sometimes those stories are written by anthropologists who do their best to record the stories of those women the way they would want their stories to be told. This can give women power. 

Feminist anthropologists have realized that even when there are female anthropologists from different perspectives doing work that helps women and tells their stories, and even though women today get more PhD's than men in anthropology, they are not published, cited, or given jobs as often as male anthropologists are. This means people still usually learn about women from the point of view of men, and women do not get credit for the work they do as often as men do [3]. 

This is one of the reasons why feminist anthropology is an important part of anthropology. Feminist anthropologists are trying to change this by reading and citing women and pointing out when they see this happening, . If there were no feminists, there may continue to be more men than women teaching anthropology and more papers written by men being read.  Men tend to cite each other, and they write about other men a lot of the time, so anthropology would be taught by mostly men and about mostly men.This would make it so most of our ideas about humans came just from men (less than half of the human population). Feminist anthropologists are some of the people working to make sure this doesn’t happen. 

Feminist anthropology is important to all four sub-fields of anthropology. The four sub-fields are cultural anthropology, biological anthropology (also called physical anthropology), archaeology, and linguistic anthropology. Feminist anthropology is used most often in cultural anthropology. Feminist anthropology is used with many other theories in anthropology like queer anthropology, agency theory, and decolonization.




Garden Valley, Idaho

Garden Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Lincoln, Idaho

Lincoln is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Lowman, Idaho

Lowman is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Villarbeney

Villarbeney is a village of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 the former municipality of Villarbeney merged into the municipality of Botterens.

Forel, Fribourg

Forel is a village of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Autavaux, Forel and Montbrelloz merged to form Vernay.

Montbrelloz

Montbrelloz is a village of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Autavaux, Forel and Montbrelloz merged to form Vernay.

Autavaux

Autavaux is a village of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Autavaux, Forel and Montbrelloz merged to form Vernay.

1965 Palm Sunday tornado outbreak

The 1965 Palm Sunday tornado outbreak was the second tornado outbreak to strike the United States on Palm Sunday. From April 11 to 12, 1965, tornadoes touched down in Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Michigan. It was the second biggest outbreak at the time. 271 people were killed, and 1,500 injured and it is the deadliest tornado outbreak in Indiana's history, with 137 people killed in that state.

Just before 1 PM CST, a tornado touched down in Cedar County, Iowa. It was rated F4 and was spawned by a supercell thunderstorm around 12:45 PM CST by a news reporter named Martin Jensen of WMT in Cedar Rapids. After he detected the thunderstorm, Jensen called the office in Waterloo and Des Moines to alert them about the storm.

A tornado touched down in Crystal Lake, Illinois, destroying several subdivisions and a junior high school. 5 people were killed, with 3 of the fatalities occurring when a truck was blown into a basement where people were taking shelter. The tornado then destroyed the community of Island Lake, killing one person before lifting around 3:42 PM CST. It was rated F4.

Several tornadoes touched down in Indiana, many of them fatal. The first tornado touched down around 5:30 PM in Koontz Lake, Indiana. The F3 tornado left 10 people dead and 180 injured. The tornado moved northeast, damaging a high school which was under construction. It destroyed 20 homes in the Wyatt area.

Another tornado formed near the St. Joseph-Elkhart County line. It moved east-northeast where it killed a child in Wakarusa. It moved towards Dunlap, and a trailer park. Reporter Paul Huffman captured photographs as the twin-funneled F4 tornado leveled the trailer park. The tornado killed 14 people. An hour and a half later, a second F4 tornado struck Dunlap and devastated the Sunnyside Housing addition and the town's church. 28 people were killed, with another six killed at a truck stop. The Palm Sunday Tornado Memorial Park now exists. Most of the 36 people who died had no warning as high winds from the previous tornado knocked out telephone and power grids. Most of northern Indiana was under a tornado warning also known as a "blanket tornado warning". Both were rated F4.

At 7:30 PM, another massive tornado slammed into Russiaville, leaving several dead. The storm destroyed Alto, before striking Kokomo. As it continued east, it killed 10 more people in Greentown, most who were riding in automobiles. More destruction occurred in Marion before it lifted. In Berne, another tornado cut through the northern part of the city, damaging homes and businesses before it crossed into Ohio destroying more homes before dissipating.

Emergency services could not warn Michigan residents that the tornadoes were headed their way. The radar in Detroit observed thunderstorms over northern Indiana and western lower Michigan moving east-northeast at 70 mph. The tornadoes hit Kent County, just north of Grand Rapids. All but three counties in southern Michigan were hit. Two F4 tornadoes struck Hillsdale County and destroyed 200 cottages along Baw Beese Lake. Many people escaped because they were at church. Lenawee County was hit by two tornadoes in 30 minutes causing numerous fatalities (including a family of six). The local dance pavilion was destroyed after being rebuilt after a fire on Labor Day 1963. One of them destroyed parts of Onsted and in the nearby village of Tipton, which suffered a direct hit. Half of the town's buildings were damaged or destroyed.

The F4 tornadoes also struck Milan (still a village) south of Ann Arbor, straddling the county line between York Township and Milan Township. One tornado destroyed the Wolverinne Plastics building, completely removing the roof. That or the other tornado destroyed the local junior high school and the adjacent senior high school. It became a city in 1967 and opened a middle school in 1969, which replaced the old junior high school, and eventually demolishing the 1900 building.

Tornadoes continued from Indiana to Ohio where additional fatalities occurred. A double tornado occurred in Toledo, Ohio, which devastated the northern parts of the city with F4 damage. Five people were killed when the tornado flipped over a bus.

At 11 PM, a tornado touched down in Lorain County and struck Pittsfield, killing seven and destroying many structures. The same tornado caused severe damage to homes in Grafton. When it neared the Cleveland area, it diverged into two separate paths. Several witnesses saw two funnels merging into one just like the Dunlap, Indiana tornado earlier in the day. Large trees were felled. The storm produced F4 damage in Strongsville, where homes were destroyed. The tornado killed 18 people.

The last killer tornado occurred around 12:30 AM on April 12 killing four people.

La Tour-de-Trême

La Tour-de-Trême is a village of the district Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. In January 2006 Bulle incorporated the formerly independent municipality of La Tour-de-Trême.

Beirut Nights

Beirut Nights (, Liali Beirut. also called: Lebanon Nights - Liali Lubnan) It is a dessert based on pudding and semolina, showing perfection in special events, family celebrations, holidays and business. the dessert used materials such as mastic and orange flower water.

The dessert consists of three layers:


Epidermis (botany)

The epidermis in plants is a single layer of cells. It covers the leaves, flowers, roots and stems of plants. It divides the plant from the outside environment. The epidermis has more than one function. It protects the plant from loss of water. It controls gas exchange. It makes metabolic compounds. In the roots it takes in water and nutrients. Some parts of a plant may have a different cover called a periderm. Potatoes have that kind of covering.

The epidermis is the outer cell layer of a plant. It is also the main part of the dermal tissue of leaves, stems, roots, flowers, fruits, and seeds. It is usually transparent.

The cells of the epidermis can vary in the way they are made and how they work. Most plants have an epidermis that is a single cell layer thick. Some plants, however, have an epidermis with more than one layer. Epidermal cells are linked tightly to each other. They give strength and protection to the plant. In the parts of the plant that are above ground, the epidermal cells contain cutin and are covered with a cuticle. This cuticle reduces loss of water. It is sometimes covered with wax. The wax gives some plants a whitish or bluish surface color. It also protects the plant from sunlight and wind. 

The epidermis has more than one cell type. It can include epidermal cells, guard cells, subsidiary cells, and epidermal hairs (Trichomes). There are more epidermal cells than the other types.

Trichomes (or hairs) grow out from the epidermis in many plants. 



Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian

Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian (‎; 16 December 1922 – 20 April 2019) was an Iranian artist and a collector of folk art. She has been called one of the most important Iranian contemporary artists. She is best known for her mosaics and glass paintings. Her worked joined modern expressionism and traditional Persian craftsmanship. She lived and worked in the United States for many years but later came back to Iran. In 2017, the Monir Museum in Tehran was opened in her honour.

Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian was born in Qazvin. She was married twice and had two daughters. She died of natural causes in Tehran on 20 April 2019. She was 96.

She finished her B.A. in University of Tehran at the Faculty of Fine Art in 1944, she then moved to New York City. In New York, she studied at Cornell University, at Parsons The New School for Design, where she majored in fashion illustration, and at the Art Students League of New York.

Yuriy Pimenov

Yuriy Igorevich Pimenov (; 29 March 1958 – 19 April 2019) was a Soviet and Russian rower. He mostly competed in the coxless pairs, rowing with his twin brother Nikolay. The brothers won a silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics. The Pimenovs also won three gold, three silver and one bronze medal at the World Rowing Championships between 1981 and 1990. They finished in 6th at the 1988 Olympics and 15th place at the 1988 Olympics. Because of the Soviet Union's boycott of the 1984 Olympics, the brothers went to the Friendship Games instead, where they won gold.

Pimenov was born in Moscow. He died on 19 April 2019, at the age of 61.


Nikolay Pimenov

Nikolay Igorevich Pimenov (; born 29 March 1958) is a retired Soviet and Russian rower. He mostly competed in the coxless pairs, rowing with his twin brother Yuriy. The brothers won a silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics. The Pimenovs also won three gold, three silver and one bronze medal at the World Rowing Championships between 1981 and 1990. They finished in 6th at the 1988 Olympics and 15th place at the 1988 Olympics. Because of the Soviet Union's boycott of the 1984 Olympics, the brothers went to the Friendship Games instead, where they won gold.

Pimenov was born in Moscow. His brother, Yuriy, died on 19 April 2019, at the age of 61.


David V. Picker

David Victor Picker (May 14, 1931 – April 20, 2019) was an American movie executive and producer. He worked in the movie industry for over 40 years. He served as president and chief executive officer (CEO) of the production companies/movie studios United Artists, Paramount, Lorimar and Columbia Pictures. He produced many movies, including "The Jerk" (1979). He was also a member of the Producers Guild of America. His memoir, "Musts, Maybes and Nevers", was published in 2013.

Picker was born in New York City. He was from a Jewish family. His sister, Jean Picker Firstenberg, served as CEO and director of the American Film Institute. He was married to photographer Sandra Jetton.

Picked died of colon cancer in New York City on April 20, 2019. He was 87.

Steve Golin

Steven Golin (March 6, 1955 – April 21, 2019) was an American movie and television producer. He was the founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of Anonymous Content, and co-founder and CEO of Propaganda Films. He served as a producer for "The Game" (1997), "Being John Malkovich" (1999), "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" (2004), "Babel" (2006), "Rendition" (2007), "True Detective" (2014), "Mr. Robot" (2015), "The Revenant" (2015) and "Spotlight" (2015). He had Academy Award nominations for Best Picture for producing "Babel", "The Revenant" and "Spotlight". He won the award for "Spotlight".

Golin was born to a Jewish family. He had two children. He died of cancer in Los Angeles, California on April 21, 2019. He was 64.

Mueller Report

The Mueller Report is an official document. It provides information about Russia modifying the results of the 2016 United States presidential election. Robert Mueller released this official document to argue that Donald Trump is using Russia to help get him to become the current president.

The first half of the report shows that the Trump campaign had many ties to the Russians and that there was interference in America’s elections. The second half shows how the President tried to stop the Russia investigation using the powers of the President.

Because the Department of Justice works for the President, Robert Mueller suggests that Congress should investigate.

““In this context, a balancing test applies to the separation of powers issues. Applying the test here, we concluded that congress can validly make obstruction of justice statutes applicable to corruptly motivated official acts of the president without undermining his Article II functions”


Ventseslav Konstantinov

Ventseslav Konstantinov (; 14 September 1940 – 22 April 2019) was a Bulgarian writer and aphorist. He was well-known as a translator of German and English writing. He taught the translation of German-language poetry at Sofia University from 1987. He spent 1993 to 1994 at the State University of New York at Geneseo, in the United States. He also wrote essays on many people, including Goethe, Schiller, E. T. A. Hoffmann, Thomas Mann, Hermann Hesse, Franz Kafka, Bertolt Brecht, Stefan Zweig, Elias Canetti, Friedrich Dürrenmatt, Heinrich Böll, Martin Walser and Hans Magnus Enzensberger.

Konstantinov was born in Sofia. He had three daughters. He was married to academic Albena Bakratcheva. He died on 22 April 2019, at the age of 78.


Jacqueline Saburido

Jacqueline Saburido (20 December 1978 – 20 April 2019) was a Venezuelan activist. She was a burns survivor who campaigned against drunk driving. In September 1999, she was a victim of a car crash caused by a drunk driver in Austin in the U.S. state of Texas. She had burns to more than 60% of her body because of the crash. Her fingers were amputated. She also lost her hair, ears, nose, lips, left eyelid and much of her vision. After she recovered, she was the face of many drunk driving ads. She also a guest on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" twice. She also tried to become Britain's first face transplant patient.

Saburido was born in Caracas. She moved to Guatemala for cancer treatment in the 2010s. She died of cancer on 20 April 2019 in Guatemala City. She was 40.


Peter Skipper

Peter Dennis Skipper (11 April 1958 – 23 April 2019) was an English footballer. He played as a central defender.

Skipper was born in Hull. He signed for Hull City in January 1979. He then spent time at Scunthorpe United and Darlington. He returned to Hull in August 1982. He made over 300 appearances for the club, scoring 19 goals. He later played for clubs such as Oldham Athletic, Walsall, Wrexham and Wigan Athletic.

Skipper died of problems caused by a stroke on 23 April 2019. He was 61.


Indianapolis Racers

The Indianapolis Racers were a major league hockey team in the World Hockey Association from 1974 to 1978.

Valdiram

Valdiram Caetano de Morais (30 October 1982 – 20 April 2019) was a Brazilian professional footballer. He played as a striker.

Valdiram was born in Canhotinho, Pernambuco. He played for Vasco da Gama. He was top scorer of the 2006 Copa do Brasil. He left the club in 2007, and played for 18 different clubs until 2011. Clubs he played for during this time include Noroeste, Avenida, Tupi, Central, Ferroviário and Duque de Caxias. He had off-field problems which ended his career in 2011. However, he returned to football in 2017, playing for Atlântico.

On 20 April 2019, Valdiram was found having been beaten to death in São Paulo. He was 36.

November 1992 tornado outbreak

The November 1992 tornado outbreak was a three-day outbreak of tornadoes in the Eastern and Midwestern United States on November 21-23. 

This very long-lasting outbreak caused over $300 million in damage. It also killed 26 people from Texas to Virginia, the Carolinas and Georgia.

The outbreak began on November 21, 1992 with six tornadoes. They were between F1 and F4. The tornadoes were in the Greater Houston area.

Later on November 21, a long-tracked tornado hit Brandon, Mississippi. It caused 10 deaths. Damage was $25 million.

On November 22-23, more tornadoes hit from Louisiana to Maryland, Virginia and the Carolinas.

Hannelore Elsner

Hannelore Elsner (born Hannelore Elstner; 26 July 1942 – 21 April 2019) was a German actress. She is best known for her lead role as Inspector Lea Sommer in the detective TV series "Die Kommissarin" (1994–2006). She also appeared in "Student of the Bedroom" and "The Black Forest Clinic". She was born in Burghausen, Bavaria.

Elsner died of breast cancer on 21 April 2019 in Munich. She was 76.

Stanisław Jędryka

Stanisław Jędryka (27 July 1933 – 22 April 2019) was a Polish movie director and writer. He might be best known for directing "The Impossible Goodbye" (1962). He directed 25 movies between 1954 and 1992. Jędryka's movies were mostly aimed at children and young adults. He was born in Sosnowiec.

Jędryka died in Warsaw on 22 April 2019, at the age of 85.

Xiao Yang (judge)

Xiao Yang (; August 1938 – 19 April 2019) was a Chinese judge and politician. He served as Minister of Justice from 1993 to 1998. He then served as President of the Supreme People's Court from 1998 to 2008. One of his changes included the Supreme Court's right of final review for capital punishment cases. This saw the number of executions drop in China after 2006. 

Xiao was born in Heyuan, Guangdong. He died of an illness on 19 April 2019 in Beijing. He was 80.

Lake Agassiz

Lake Agassiz was a very large glacial lake in central North America. Fed by glacial meltwater at the end of the last ice age, its area was larger than all of the modern Great Lakes combined.

The area that was covered by Lake Agassiz was the geographic center of North America. Its extent was about from 45° 30' to 55° of north latitude, and from 92° 30', on the international boundary, to 106°, on the Saskatchewan River.

Its existence was first proposed in 1823, It was named in 1879 after Louis Agassiz.

Juan José Muñante

Juan José Muñante López (12 June 1948 – 23 April 2019) was a Peruvian footballer. He played as a right winger.

Muñante was born in Pisco. He played for Sport Boys, Universitario, Atlético Español, Pumas de la UNAM and Tampico Madero. He won league titles with Universitario de Deportes, Pumas de la UNAM and Atlético Español. He also won the CONCACAF Champions' Cup with Atlético in 1975.

Muñante played for Peru between 1967 and 1978. He played 48 times and scored six times for his country. He also played for Peru at the 1978 FIFA World Cup.

On 23 April 2019, Muñante died of lung cancer in Florida, United States. He was 70.

Cindy Axne

Cynthia Lynne "Cindy" Axne (née: Wadle; born April 20, 1965) is an American business woman and politician. She was the United States Representative for the 3rd Congressional District of Iowa from 2019 until 2023. The district represents the southwest part of Iowa. Axne is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party.

Axne was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In November 2022, she lost her re-election bid to Zach Nunn.

Biodiversity Convention

The Convention on Biological Diversity is a treaty created from signature at Rio Summit on 1992. The Last Conference of Parties took place at in Egypt on 2018.

There have been criticisms against CBD that the Convention has been weakened in implementation due to the resistance of Western countries to the implementation of the pro-South provisions of the Convention.

Matthew Buckland

Matthew Buckland (22 August 1974 – 23 April 2019) was a South African Internet entrepreneur and businessman. He was the founder of digital agency and publisher Creative Spark. He was head of "Mail & Guardian" online. Buckland was also the founder of Burn Media, which publishes technology brands such as Memeburn, Ventureburn.com and Gearburn.com. He served as a board member of Creative Commons.

Buckland lived in Cape Town with his wife and two daughters. He died of cancer on 23 April 2019, at the age of 44.

Terry Rawlings

Terence Rawlings (4 November 1933 – 23 April 2019) was a British movie and sound editor. He was the founding member of the Guild of British Film and Television Editors (GBFTE). He served as editor for many movies, such as "Alien" (1979), "Chariots of Fire" (1981), "Blade Runner" (1982), "Not Without My Daughter" (1991), "Alien 3" (1992), "GoldenEye" (1995), "U.S. Marshals" (1998) and "The Phantom of the Opera" (2004). He had three BAFTA nominations and one Academy Award nomination.

Rawlings was born in London. He was married. He died at his home in Hertfordshire on 23 April 2019 of heart failure. He was 85.

Oiva Toikka

Oiva Kalervo Toikka (29 May 1931 – 22 April 2019) was a Finnish glass designer. He designed for Iittala. He was best known for his bird designs for Iittala. He trained in ceramics at the University of Art and Design in Helsinki. He also worked as a stage and costume designer. He designed textiles for Marimekko. 

Toikka was born in Viipuri. He died on 22 April 2019, at the age of 87.


Heather Harper

Heather Mary Harper (8 May 1930 – 22 April 2019) was a Northern Irish opera soprano. She first became known in 1954 for "Medea" at the Oxford University Opera Club. From 1956 to 1975, she was a member of the English Opera Group. She later became noted for her performances of Elsa in Strauss's "Arabella", Ellen Orford in Britten's "Peter Grimes" and as the Governess in Britten's "The Turn of the Screw". She retired in 1994.

Harper was born in Belfast. She studied at the Trinity College of Music in London. She died on 22 April 2019, at the age of 88.

Jarosław Biernat

Jarosław Biernat (6 September 1960 – 20 April 2019) was a Polish footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Biernat was born in Szczecin. He played professionally from 1982 to 1992. He played for Polish sides Pogoń Szczecin and Legia Warsaw. He later played for German clubs Eintracht Frankfurt, SG Union Solingen, SpVgg Bayreuth and SG Düren 99. He died after a long illness in 2019, at the age of 58.

Chittagong Veterinary and Animal Sciences University

Chittagong Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (CVASU) is a public university located at Khulshi area in Chittagong. It is a specialized university and founded in 2007.

Sophora violacea

Sophora violacea is an endemic Sophora from Ceylon Island, it also appears on Java.
G P Jakovlev recognized two subspecies, namely S v subsp pilosa (Gagnep)Yakovlev (syn. S.exigua Craib. ) (as segregated from typical S.violacea subsp violacea)

Giraffoidea

Giraffoidea is a superfamily that contains Climacoceratidae and Giraffidae. The only living members are giraffes and okapis.


Wolcottville, Indiana

Wolcottville is a town in Johnson Township, LaGrange County and Orange Township, Noble County in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,004 at the 2020 census.

Wolcottville is located at (41.525522, -85.366015).

According to the 2020 census, Wolcottville has a total area of , all land.

David Milch

David Sanford Milch (born March 23, 1945) is an American television director and writer. He has created several television shows, including "NYPD Blue" (co-created with Steven Bochco) and "Deadwood". He was born in Buffalo, New York.

Milch has bipolar disorder. He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2017.

Lenny Johnrose

Leonard Johnrose (29 November 1969 – 15 August 2022) was an English former professional football player. During his career, he played for several clubs including Burnley, Bury and Swansea City. Johnrose was best known as a tough-tackling defensive midfielder. He was born in Preston, Lancashire.

In March 2017, he was diagnosed with motor neurone disease. He died from problems caused by the disease on 15 August 2022 at the age of 52.


Dick Rivers

Dick Rivers (born Hervé Forneri; 24 April 1945 – 24 April 2019) was a French singer and actor. He was born in Nice, France. He began performing in the early 1960s. He was an important figure in introducing rock and roll music in France. He was inspired by Elvis Presley. He formed his band Les Chats Sauvages in 1961.

Rivers died of cancer in Paris on his 74th birthday on 24 April 2019.


Mark Medoff

Mark Medoff (March 18, 1940 – April 23, 2019) was an American playwright, screenwriter, movie and theatre director, actor, and professor. He was born in Mount Carmel, Illinois.

His play "Children of a Lesser God" won both the Tony Award and the Olivier Award in 1980. He was nominated for an Academy Award and a Writers Guild of America Best Adapted Screenplay Award for the movie script of "Children of a Lesser God". He also won an Obie Award for his play "When You Comin' Back, Red Ryder?".

Medoff died on April 23, 2019, from problems caused by a fall and cancer in hospice care in Las Cruces, New Mexico at age 79.

John Quinn (wrestler)

John Quinn (October 15, 1941 – April 22, 2019) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was best known for his appearances in the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) under the ring name The Kentucky Butcher in the late-1960s. He challenged then WWWF World Heavyweight Champion Bruno Sammartino on several occasions, including a 1968 main event at Madison Square Garden.

During his later career, he also appeared in European and Japanese organizations from the 1970s until the late 1980s.

William Krehm

William Krehm (November 23, 1913 – April 19, 2019) was a Canadian author, journalist, political activist and real estate developer. He was born in Toronto. He was a known Trotskyist activist in the 1930s. He went to Spain where he was part of the Spanish Civil War. In the 1980s he co-founded the Committee on Monetary and Economic Reform (COMER) in the 1980s and continued as the group's principal leader until his death.

He died on April 19, 2019 at the age of 105.

Ira Neimark

Ira Neimark (December 12, 1921 – April 18, 2019) was an American author, lecturer, and retail executive. He was Chairman and CEO of Bergdorf Goodman from 1975 to 1992. His reintroduction of French couture to New York with Yves Saint Laurent, Hubert de Givenchy, and Christian Dior created a period of growth for Bergdorf Goodman, which went from $18 million in sales in 1975 to $250 million in sales by 1992.

Neimark died on April 18, 2019, at his home in Harrison, New York at the age of 97.

Harrison, New York

Harrison is a town in Westchester County, New York. It is about northeast of Manhattan. The population was 28,218 at the 2020 census. According to Forbes magazine, Harrison is the 326th richest place in the United States. The median price for a home was $1,230,625 in 2015.

James V. Schall

James Vincent Schall, (January 20, 1928 – April 17, 2019) was an American Jesuit Roman Catholic priest, teacher, writer, and philosopher. He was born in Pocahontas, Iowa. Schall was Professor of Political Philosophy in the Department of Government at Georgetown University. He retired from teaching in December 2012. 

Of his many publications his book "Another Sort of Learning" ("a reflection on different aspects of lifelong learning") is his best known work.

In 2010, Schall was diagnosed with jaw and bone cancer. He died on April 17, 2019 in Los Gatos, California at age 91.

Barbara Marx Hubbard

Barbara Marx Hubbard (born Barbara Marx; December 22, 1929 – April 10, 2019) was an American futurist, author and public speaker. She was known for creating "The Synergy Engine" and the "birthing" of humanity. She was born in New York City. She was the Co-founder and president of the Foundation for Conscious Evolution.

She was the subject of a biography by author Neale Donald Walsch, "The Mother of Invention: The Legacy of Barbara Marx Hubbard and the Future of "YOU."" Deepak Chopra called her, "the voice for conscious evolution." In 1984, she was nominated for Vice President of the United States for the Democratic Party. She lost the bid to Geraldine Ferraro.

On April 3, 2019, Hubbard was hospitalized for a knee infection. She died a week later on April 10 at a hospital in Loveland, Colorado, aged 89.

Herman Braun-Vega

Herman Braun-Vega (7 July 1933 – 2 April 2019) was a Peruvian painter and artist. His art were often political or cultural.

In 1978 he began to paint portraits, especially of his painters friends who invited to participate in the gestation of his canvases: Vladimir Veličković (in 1978), Gilles Aillaud (in 1979), Erró (in 1978-1982), Wifredo Lam (in 1979), Jean Dewasne (in 1982), William S. Hayter (in 1983) and Gérard Fromanger (in 1984). He also painted numerous writers: Jorge Semprún, Alain Jouffroy, Julio Ramón Ribeyro, Alfredo Bryce Echenique and Jean-Michel Ribes.

Braun-Vega died in his sleep in Paris on 2 April 2019, aged 85.

Jean-Jacques Honorat

Jean-Jacques Honorat (April 1, 1931 – July 26, 2023) was a Haitian politician. He was named Prime Minister of Haiti after René Préval was removed following President Jean-Bertrand Aristide removal by a coup in October 1991. He resigned from the office eight months later on June 19, 1992.

Honorat died in Port-au-Prince, Haiti on July 26, 2023, at the age of 92.

Cara Williams

Cara Williams (born Bernice Kamiat; June 29, 1925 – December 9, 2021) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Billy's Mother in "The Defiant Ones" (1958), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, and for her role as Gladys Porter on the 1960-1962 CBS television series "Pete and Gladys", for which she was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award.

Claude Jarman Jr.

Claude Jarman Jr. (born September 27, 1934) is an American actor. A child actor, he was known for his roles in "Rio Grande" starring alongside John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara and in "High Barbaree". He was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946. His final movie role was in Disney's "The Great Locomotive Chase" (1956).

Manx pound

The Manx pound is the currency of the Isle of Man, in parity with the pound sterling. The Manx pound is divided into 100 pence. Notes and coins, denominated in pounds and pence, are issued by the Isle of Man Government. Their banknotes are £1, £5, £10, £20, £50 and their coins are Penny, Two pence, Five pence, Ten pence, Twenty pence, Fifty pence, £1, £2 and £5. US$1 is equal to 0.773614 IMP (Isle of Man Pound). The central bank of Isle of Man is the Isle of Man Treasury.


Neale Daniher

Neale Francis Daniher (born 15 February 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer. He played for Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 1979 to 1990. He later coached Melbourne Football Club between 1998 and 2007. He also had coaching roles with Essendon, Fremantle and West Coast. His brothers, Terry, Anthony and Chris, also played for Essendon. He was born in West Wyalong, New South Wales.

Daniher was told he had motor neurone disease in 2013. He is now a campaigner for medical research of the disease.


David Winters (choreographer)

David Winters (born David Weizer; 5 April 1939 – 23 April 2019) was a British-American choreographer, actor, movie director and producer. He became well-known for his roles in the 1950s Broadway musicals "West Side Story" and "Gypsy". He also appeared in the "West Side Story" movie. He also worked with Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret as a choreographer in some movies they starred in. He was born in London to a Jewish family.

Winters died on 23 April 2019, at the age of 80.

The Chinese Convert

The Chinese Convert is a famous 1687 painting by Godfrey Kneller depicting the Chinese man Michael Alphonsius Shen Fu-Tsung.

Ocean planet

An ocean planet (or ocean world, water world, aquaplanet or panthalassic planet) is a type of terrestrial planet that contains a high amount of water. This may be a planet with ocean covering all of its surface (except maybe at the polar regions, where ice caps may exist), or a planet with a ocean bellow its surface (called a subsurface ocean). 

Ocean planets are also the name of planets that have other types of liquids on them such as liquid ammonia, ethane, or even lava.

A ocean planet covered in water may have conditions to support life. This has been questioned though, since some studies suggest that water worlds may not be friendly to life, since elements like phosphorus (a key part to DNA) may be hard to access, since it any be hidden in rocks at the bottom of the planet's oceans. Other problems here may be certain parts of the water cycle not working on an ocean planet, or the low amount of oxygen in the atmosphere. With that being said, there are still possibilities for life on water planets. 

There are a few planets that could be ocean planets. All of these are extrasolar planets. 


Several of the moons in the solar system may have oceans bellow their surfaces, which would make them ocean moons. One such example is Europa, one of Jupiter's moons. 

Crop top

A crop top (or a belly shirt, tummy top, or half shirt) is a kind of shirt. Crop tops do not cover all of the middle section of the wearer's body. A person wearing a crop top will have part of their belly and back showing. There are many kinds of crop tops, and most styles show the wearer's belly button. Other styles can show the wearer's waist, or the bottom of their ribs.

Crop tops are popular in the Western world. They are common in areas with a warm climate.

Crop tops were popular in the 1990s when movie actresses and female pop music singers wore them. They are popular again in the 2010s.

Crop tops are seen as trendy and attractive.

A crop top does not keep the wearer's middle section warm because they do not cover all of it. So, crop tops are more comfortable for hot weather and exercising.

There is a way to make a temporary crop top with a normal shirt. The wearer can lift their shirt to show as much of their belly as they want, and then make it stay like that by tying the lifted end of the shirt into a knot. This is a common and flexible alternative to a regular crop top.

Low-rise pants or mini skirts are sometimes worn with a crop top. This shows more skin beneath the wearer's belly button.

Jean-Pierre Marielle

Jean-Pierre Marielle (12 April 1932 – 24 April 2019) was a French actor. He was known for his roles in the movies "Without Apparent Motive" (1971), "Cookies" (1975), "Coup de Torchon" (1981), "A Few Days with Me" (1988), "Tous les Matins du Monde" (1991), "Max et Jérémie" (1992), "Les Milles" (1995), "Little Lili" (2003) and "The Da Vinci Code" (2006). He was nominated for six César Awards. He was born in Paris.

Marielle died after a long illness on 24 April 2019 in the Paris commune of Saint-Cloud. He was 87.

Johnny Neumann

Carl John Neumann (September 11, 1951 – April 23, 2019), nicknamed "Johnny Reb", was an American professional basketball player and coach. He played in the shooting guard and small forward positions. He stood at 6 ft 6 in (1.98 m) and weighed 200 lb (91 kg) in his playing career. He played for Memphis Pros / Tams, Utah Stars, Virginia Squires, Indiana Pacers, Kentucky Colonels, Buffalo Braves, Los Angeles Lakers and Pallacanestro Cantù. He later coached in Belgium, Greece, Cyprus, Israel, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, China, Japan and in the U.S. minor league. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

Neumann died of cancer on April 23, 2019 in Oxford, Mississippi. He was 68.


Peter Cartwright (lawyer)

Peter John Cartwright (3 May 1940 – 17 April 2019) was a New Zealand lawyer. He was the husband of Dame Silvia Cartwright ("née" Poulter). He was the viceregal consort of New Zealand between 2001 and 2006, when his wife was serving as the 18th Governor-General of New Zealand. He was the chairman of the Medical Practitioners Disciplinary Tribunal, the Indecent Publications Tribunal and the Broadcasting Standards Authority. He was born in Dunedin. He went to a boarding school in Christchurch.

Cartwright died in Auckland on 17 April 2019. He was 78.

Donald McEachin

Aston Donald McEachin (October 10, 1961 – November 28, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the U.S. Representative from Virginia's 4th congressional district from 2017 to 2022.

McEachin was a Democrat. He was in the Virginia House of Delegates (1996–2002; 2006–2008).

McEachin ran for Congress for the open seat of Virginia's 4th congressional district vacated by Republican Randy Forbes in 2016 and won the general election with 57.3% of the votes.

In 2001, he was the Democratic Party's nominee for Attorney General of Virginia, but he lost the election to Jerry Kilgore.

Victor Borge

Børge Rosenbaum (3 January 1909 – 23 December 2000), known professionally as Victor Borge ( ), was a Danish-American comedian, conductor, and pianist. He was known for his radio and television works in the United States and Europe.

Borge was known as "The Clown Prince of Denmark". His best known work was in "Comedy in Music", which became the longest running one-man show in the history of theater with 849 performances, a feat which placed it in the "Guinness Book of World Records". He was born in Copenhagen.

In 1999, he received the Kennedy Center Honors.

Borge died on 23 December 2000 in his sleep in Greenwich, Connecticut following a concert, aged 91.


Cecil Souders

Cecil Belvedire Souders (January 3, 1921 – August 30, 2021) was an American football player. He played professional in the National Football League (NFL) for the Detroit Lions. He was born in Bucyrus, Ohio. Souders played college football at Ohio State University. He was drafted in the 25th round of the 1945 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins. 

Souders died on August 30, 2021 in Hilliard, Ohio at the age of 100.


Henry B. Sayler

Henry Benton Sayler (January 16, 1921 – May 26, 2021) was an American politician. He was born in Savannah, Georgia. Sayler was in the Florida State Senate from 1967 to 1971 and 1973 to 1978, as a member of the Republican Party (20th district and 21st district).

Sayler turned 100 in January 2021 and died four months later on May 26, 2021 in St. Petersburg, Florida.

Phi Beta Kappa

The Phi Beta Kappa Society (ΦΒΚ) is the oldest academic honor society in the United States. It is respected by many people. due to its long history and academic selectivity. The purpose of Phi Beta Kappa is to improve study and research in the liberal arts and sciences. The society wants to have outstanding students of arts and sciences at American colleges and universities as members. It started at the College of William and Mary on December 5, 1776 as the first Greek-letter fraternity at a college and was one of the earliest collegiate fraternal societies.

Phi Beta Kappa () stands for (""), which means "Love of wisdom is the guide of life".

Mildred J. Hill

Mildred Jane Hill (June 27, 1859 – June 5, 1916) was an American songwriter and musicologist. She was known for composing "Good Morning to All", later used as the melody for "Happy Birthday to You". Born in Louisville, Kentucky, she died in Chicago at the age of 56.

Dan Tolkowsky

Aluf Dan Tolkowsky (or Tolkovsky, ; born January 17, 1921) is a retired Israeli military officer. He was commander of the Israeli Air Force from 1953 to 1958. He was born in Tel Aviv.


Jaswant Singh Marwah

Lieutenant Colonel (Retd.) Jaswant Singh Marwah (born 21 January 1921) is an Indian soldier, journalist and author. He was a former Special Duty Officer in the Archaeological Survey of India, and was in the Indian Army's Electrical Mechanical Engineering branch from 1943 to 1973. 

He is also a veteran of the Second World War. He was awarded the Nehru Award in 1981 and 1984, by the Vice President of India and the President of India. In 1987 he was awarded the Journalism Award by the Indian Ministry of Communications.


Patsy Reddy

Dame Patricia Lee Reddy (born 17 May 1954) is a New Zealand lawyer and businesswoman. She was the 21st Governor-General of New Zealand from 2016 until 2021.

Gandalf Award

The Gandalf Awards honor excellent writing in fantasy literature. The World Science Fiction Society gave the awards each year from 1974 to 1981. They were named for Gandalf the wizard from the Middle-earth stories by J. R. R. Tolkien. The award was started and sponsored by Lin Carter and the Swordsmen and Sorcerers' Guild of America (SAGA). People at the World Science Fiction Conventions voted to choose the winners. They used the same rules as the older Hugo Awards.

The awards were given in two categories: one, for life achievement, and two, for a book published the year before.

The Gandalf Grand Master Award for life achievement in fantasy writing was awarded every year from 1974 to 1981. The first winner was J. R. R. Tolkien who had died recently in 1973.

The next four Grand Masters were all members of the SAGA: Fritz Leiber, L. Sprague de Camp, Andre Norton, and Poul Anderson. The last three were Ursula K. Le Guin, Ray Bradbury, and C. L. Moore. 
There was no voting in 1981.

The Gandalf Award for Book-Length Fantasy was awarded only in 1978 and 1979. Again the first winner was Tolkien. The winning book was "The Silmarillion" with Christopher Tolkien as editor. The second was "The White Dragon" by Anne McCaffrey. Fantasy fiction often wins the older Hugo Award for Best Novel, so Worldcon organizers thought the Gandalf Award may be a duplicate and this was not awarded again.

Robert Cardenas

Robert L. "Bob" Cardenas (March 10, 1920 – March 10, 2022) was a Mexican-American brigadier general of the United States Air Force. He was born in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico, but raised in San Diego, California. He served in World War II and the Vietnam War.

In 1983, President Ronald Reagan appointed him California coordinator for Southwest Border Economic Action Group. In 1985, he was appointed to Chairman of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Advisory Group by California Governor George Deukmejian.

In 2015, he was added into the National Aviation Hall of Fame.

Cardenas died on his 102nd birthday on March 10, 2022 in San Diego, California.


Edwin Hunt

Edwin "Ted" Hunt (born 23 March 1920) is a retired British waterman. Born in London, he was a sapper waterman in World War II, and was in 1978 appointed as the Queen's Bargemaster.


William Moncrief

William Alvin "Tex" Moncrief Jr. (March 27, 1920 – December 29, 2021) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He worked in the oil and gas sector. He was President of Moncrief Oil, and was a billionaire member of the 2006 Forbes 400, with an estimated net worth of US$1 billion.

Moncrief died on December 29, 2021 in Fort Worth, Texas at the age of 101.


The Avengers (1998 movie)

The Avengers is a 1998 American action and spy movie. It comes from the British television series of the same name.

John Steed, the agent of the Ministry, completes a training course. Dr. Emma Peel gets a phone call telling her to go to a gentlemen's club. She meets Steed for the first time there. The two head off to the Ministry to meet Mother. Mother tells them the Prospero project-a try to change the weather-was sabotaged by Emma Peel. Dr. Peel says she's innocent. She is then sent to work with Steed to find the real suspect.

Steed and Emma follow a lead to the Wonderland Weather. It's a business that creates heat or other weather with a special machine. Steed and Emma find two dead men in teddy bear suits. Members of a secret organization led by Sir August de Wynter wear teddy bear suits to disguise their identities. However, one of them looks like another Emma Peel. Steed arrives in time to save the real Emma Peel.

Steed and Emma go off and visit de Wynter at his mansion. But then, they are attacked by mechanical bees. Alice, a Ministry agent, helps Steed and Emma flee. However, de Wynter catches Emma as she tries to escape though finds herself trapped.

It is later revealed that the other Emma Peel is a clone. Father and the Peel clone catch the real Emma Peel. They're angrily met by Mother. Mother is then incapacitated.

Father and Peel's clone take the real Emma to a hot air balloon. Father and Peel's clone die when the balloon crashes and explodes. Invisible Jones learns de Wynter is using the Prospero instruments on a secret island. Steed and Emma arrive at the island to stop him.


"The Avengers" was hated by many movie critics. The Rotten Tomatoes gave this movie a 5% rating, meaning "rotten". The Metacritic rated the movie at 12/100. That rating meant "overwhelming dislike".

The movie won two awards: one Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Remake or Sequel, and a Stinkers Bad Movie Award for Worst Resurrection of a TV show.

Eddie Griffin

Edward "Eddie" Griffin (born July 15, 1968) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Eddie Sherman on the sitcom "Malcolm & Eddie". He later played in "The Mod Squad" (1999). Also in 1999, he played Miles Waise in the movie "Foolish".

Griffin is also a musician. He had several albums.

Griffin was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

Ronald Isley

Ronald Isley (born May 21, 1941) is an American recording artist, songwriter and record producer. He is the founding member and lead singer of the R&B group the Isley Brothers.

Isley received a Legend Award at the Soul Train Music Award.

Isley was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Treaty of Amiens

The Treaty of Amiens (French: "paix d'Amiens") temporarily ended hostilities between France and the United Kingdom during the French Revolutionary Wars. It was signed in the city of Amiens on 25 March 1802 (4 Germinal X in the French Republican Calendar) by Joseph Bonaparte and Marquess Cornwallis as a "Definitive Treaty of Peace". The consequent peace lasted for only one year (18 May 1803) and was the only period of general peace in Europe between 1793 and 1814.

Under the treaty, Britain recognised the French Republic. Together with the Treaty of Lunéville (1801), the Treaty of Amiens marked the end of the Second Coalition, which had waged war against Revolutionary France since 1798.

Skewes's number

In mathematics, Skewes’s number (10 or "S") is a theorized number in which once you surpass this number, the rarity of prime numbers decreases.
The massive number is also used with tetration , yet it is smaller than 10^^4.
In math , a^^b = a^a^a^a...b times

Recent studies show this tipping point to be much lower. 

Wet'n'Wild Hawaii

Wet'n'Wild Hawaii is a Hawaiian-themed waterpark. It is located in Kapolei, on the island of Oahu. Wet'n'Wild is currently the only water park in the state of Hawaii. It is owned by the global Wet 'n Wild brand, and is one of their seven operating parks. Around the time WhiteWater World began construction in 1995, it was reported

In order to cater to park attendees, Wet'n'Wild develops new rides and takes some out of service. One of the more recent rides includes the Tornado, while rides such as the Cliffhanger went out of service.

A list of rides include:


Microsoft Visual C++

Microsoft Visual C++ is a coding environment made by Microsoft, mainly used for coding in C and C++. The software provides helpful tools for programmers, such as a debugging tool to help find bugs in written code. The program is available in both trial and free versions.

Some programs require the Visual C++ library package to be installed on the computer in order to run in the first place.

The previous version of Visual C++ was called "Microsoft C/C++", originally used to compile code written in C. The first version of Microsoft Visual C++ was officially released in February of 1993.

The product was first created as an environment for C programming, however it only supported the original C library rather than the C99 revision. In 2013, Visual C++ included support for various C99 features, however it was not until 2015 that Visual C++ included full support of the C99 standard library. The C11 revision that replaced the C99 revision is still not supported in recent versions of Visual C++, however the company has plans to add them in future versions.


Overhead projector

An overhead projector (OHP) is a device that allows you to display images from either a computer/laptop or images created in real time. Overhead projectors were often used in classrooms to showcase some type of presentation on paper for a group of students to view. In more recent times, overhead projectors are being used and designed to project things on technological devices. This machine has a plastic frame that is placed on top of the projector, and a fan that cools the machine, so that it won't overheat if it is used for long periods of time.
Recently, overhead projectors in classrooms and conference rooms are being replaced by things like document cameras and interactive whiteboards, since they let the presenter project video directly from a computer file. 
The device has sometimes been called a "Belshazzar", after Belshazzar's feast.

Before this device was made, there were machines similar to it, called magic lanterns.
French scientist Edmund Becquerel developed the first known overhead projection machine in 1853. It was used by Jules Duboscq in 1866. During World War II, overhead projectors started to be used in U.S. military training. After that, they were used at schools. Overhead projectors began to be widely used in schools and businesses in the late 1950s and early 1960s. As the need for overhead projectors grew, a company named Bruhl Industries was founded in 1953, which created more overhead projectors than anyone else.

Heavy equipment

Heavy equipment are heavy-duty vehicles. They are specially designed for completing construction tasks, which include digging. Other known names for heavy equipment are "heavy machines", "heavy vehicles", "heavy hydraulics", "construction equipment", "construction machines", "construction vehicles", "construction hydraulics", "engineering equipment", "engineering machines", "engineering vehicles" and "engineering hydraulics". They are typically operated by skilled workers that have gone through specialized training. While many categories of equipment utilizes continuous tracks for rough conditions, others favor tires when possible for their greater mobility. The tires selected play a significant role on the production of the project and the cost of the heavy equipment. These three types of tires include, transport for earthmoving machines, work for slow moving earthmoving machines, and load and carry for transporting as well as digging. Heavy equipment applies leverage, like other simple machines (levers, pulleys, etc.), to multiply the effectiveness of the energy put in. The majority of these machines use diesel power to complete tasks.

External combustion engine

An external combustion engine (EC engine) is an engine which converts heated fluid into kinetic energy. The heated fluid, called working fluid, can be air, hot water, or pressurized water which is heated in a boiler. The fluid used to power the engine is cooled and reused in a closed cycle and the fluid is dumped in an open cycle. 
Any combustion engine follows the basic idea of converting fossil fuels into motion. Internal combustion engines do this by converting the energy created by an explosion of the fossil fuels, into motion. External combustion engines, on the other hand, use the energy from burning fossil fuels to expand a gas or liquid and use the expansion to create motion. The addition of this intermediate step is what differentiates an internal vs. external combustion engine. External combustion engines came first, and tend to be more inefficient. Famous examples of external combustion engines are steam engines

There are two types of external combustion: single phase and dual phase. In a single phase engine, the fossil fuels are burned to heat up a gas, which then expands and creates motion. In this case, there is no phase change.

With dual phase, you need one additional mechanism known as a phase transition. This process transforms the phase of liquid to gas. This converts temperature to usable work. Some common examples that use dual-phase engines are steam engines and engines that use Organic Rankine Cycle.

Novelty song

A novelty song is a type of song that is meant to be funny, usually because of silly lyrics or lyrics that don't make a lot of sense. A song is considered a novelty song when it uses strange lyrics, strange music, out-of-the-ordinary subject matter, or any combination of the above. However, not all comedic songs are novelty songs.

Novelty songs are often parodies, mocking or poking fun at a popular topic or fad.

Warcraft 3

Warcraft 3 is a real-time strategy game created by Blizzard Entertainment released on July 2, 2002 and is a sequel to Warcraft 2: Tides of Darkness. The base version of the game is Warcraft 3: Reign of Chaos and has a supplemental expansion version, Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne. 

In Warcraft 3, players control small armies of units of a specific race and are tasked with various objectives based on scenario to achieve victory. The common available to play races are Night elf, Human, Undead, and Orc which all have their own unique units. Armies are comprised of 1-3 primary hero units with special abilities, and anywhere from 1-80 additional units to combat other monsters or units. The primary goal of each Warcraft 3 game is to destroy your opponent's base and units with your own units, rendering them unable to fight back. Warcraft 3 features both a single player campaign and online multiplayer gameplay, which includes custom user-made arcade games that use assets from the base game.

Silky anteater

The silky anteater (Cyclopes didactylus), also called the pygmy anteater, is the smallest species of anteater. It is found in southern Mexico and Central/South America. The silky anteater is active at night and lives alone in trees. One of its most noticeable features are the two large claws on each of its front paws, which it uses to cling to branches and defend itself. It can use its tail to grasp things. It has soft yellow to grey fur. 

Like other anteaters, it is an insectivore (eats mainly insects) and like to eat ants.

John Havlicek

John Joseph "Hondo" Havlicek (April 8, 1940 – April 25, 2019) was an American professional basketball player. He played as a small forward or a shooting guard. He spent 16 seasons (1962–1978) playing for the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He won eight NBA championships with the Celtics. Four of his championship wins came in his first four seasons from 1963 to 1966. His other championships came in 1968, 1969, 1974 and 1976. He won a total of 13 NBA All-Star Games. In 1984, he was made a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. He was born in Martins Ferry, Ohio.

Havlicek had Parkinson's disease for the final years of his life. He died on April 25, 2019 in Jupiter, Florida, at the age of 79.

List of countries by past and projected GDP (nominal)

This is an alphabetical list of countries by past and projected gross domestic product (nominal) as ranked by the IMF.

The following Table is based on UN GDP data.

GDP (Nominal) data in 1990, with some countries only GNP (Nominal) was provided by the CIA World Factbook.

The following is a list of countries reaching a certain threshold of nominal GDP in a specific year according to International Monetary Fund, United Nations, and World Bank.

The following table provides GDP estimates for the 20 largest economies from 2016 to 2050 made by UK based PricewaterhouseCoopers in February 2017.

The following table provides GDP estimates for the 50 largest economies in 2033 made by UK based Center for Business and Economic Research in December 2018.

Juan Francisco Rodríguez

Juan Francisco Rodríguez Márquez (12 September 1950 – 16 April 2019) was a Spanish boxer. He won the European amateur championship in 1971. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. He later turned professional. He had 34 pro fights, winning 20 (nine by knockout), losing nine and drawing four. Some of his noted bouts were against Johnny Owen and Carlos Zárate Serna. He retired in 1982. Rodríguez was born in Almería, Andalusia. 

Rodríguez died on 16 April 2019 in Almería, at the age of 76.


Carpenter Brut

Carpenter Brut is a music artist from France who makes retro 1980s style music, mostly known as Synthwave.

He released three EPs in 2015, followed by an album released in 2017 called Leather Teeth.

Fallout (series)

Fallout is a video game series created in 1997 by a company named Interplay. It was later bought by Bethesda Softworks. The games in the series are "Fallout", which was made in 1997, "Fallout 2", which was published in 1998, "", made in 2001, "Fallout 3", made in 2008, "", made in 2010, "Fallout 4", made in 2015, and "Fallout 76", published in 2018.

Greg Theakston

Greg Allen Theakston (November 21, 1953 – April 22, 2019), also known as Earl P. Wooten, was an American comics artist and illustrator. He worked for many publishers. He founded his own publisher, Pure Imagination, in 1975. He was also known for creating "Theakstonizing" for comics reprinting. He was an illustrator for "Mad" for ten years. He worked on projects for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, Image Comics, Warren Comics, "New York Daily News", Archie Comics, "Galaxy Science Fiction", "National Lampoon", "The New York Times", Kitchen Sink, "Playboy", "TV Guide" and "Rolling Stone".

Theakston was born in Detroit, Michigan. He died on April 22, 2019, at the age of 65.

Eurasian eagle-owl

The Eurasian eagle-owl ("Bubo bubo") is a species of eagle-owl that is found in Eurasia. It is also called the European eagle-owl. In Europe, it is just called the eagle-owl.

It is one of the largest species of owl. Females grow to a total length of 75 cm (30 in), with a wingspan of 188 cm (6 ft 2 in); males are slightly smaller. The bird has distinctive ear tufts.

The Eurasian eagle-owl is found in many habitats, but is mostly a bird of mountainous regions or other rocky areas, often near woodland edge and shrubs or wetlands to hunt their prey.

Sergey Pogorelov

Sergey Valentinovich Pogorelov (; 2 June 1974 – 24 April 2019) was a Russian team handball player. He won a gold medal in team handball with the national team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He also won a bronze medal with Russia in team handball at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. He was born in Volgograd.

Pogorelov died in Volgograd on 24 April 2019, at the age of 44.


Zoran Marojević

Zoran Maroević (27 April 1942 – 24 April 2019) was a Yugoslav basketball player. He won a silver medal with the Yugoslav national basketball team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He was born in Matulji. He died on 24 April 2019, three days before his 77th birthday.


Fish stock (food)

Fish stock is a kind of stock used for fish dishes. It is used in French and international cuisine.

This stock is the basis of fish soups and sauces. It is usually made with fish bones and fish heads, together with finely chopped mirepoix. The fish stock is cooked for 20–25 minutes—cooking any longer spoils the flavour. Concentrated fish stock is called "fish fumet".

In Japan, a fish and kelp stock called dashi is made by briefly (3–5 minutes) cooking skipjack tuna (bonito) flakes called "katsuobushi" in nearly boiling water. Other Japanese fish stock is made from fish that have been fried and boiled for several hours, creating a white milky broth. This has a rich feel and sweet umami taste.

For fish stocks in other Asian cooking, see fish sauce.


Faty Papy

Faty Papy (18 September 1990 – 25 April 2019) was a Burundian professional footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Papy was born in Bujumbura. He played for local side AS Inter Star before signing for Turkish side Trabzonspor. He was loaned to Dutch club MVV Maastricht for a season. He later signed for APR of Rwanda, before moving to South Africa to play for Bidvest Wits of the Premier Soccer League. He also played for Burundi. He played 21 games for his country, scoring twice.

In 2019, Papy was playing in Eswatini for Malanti Chiefs. During a home game on 25 April 2019, he collapsed and died on the pitch. He was 28.

Comet Borrelly

Comet Borrelly may mean:

Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness

Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness is a 2005 role-playing game created by The Pokémon Company and developed by Genius Sonority. It was only released for the Nintendo GameCube. "Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness" was released on August 4, 2005 in Japan and on September 14, 2005 in the United States.

Avalon (mythology)

Avalon is a mythical place in Arthurian legend. It is the home of the Lady of the Lake. King Arthur got his famous sword called Excalibur at Avalon. Avalon is also called the Isle of Apples or the Isle of Glass. The island is said to have healing powers according to Arthurian authors.
it is also to be the home of magic. according to the legends.

Robbert de Greef

Robbert de Greef (27 August 1991 – 25 April 2019) was a Dutch cyclist. He was a member of the Alecto Cycling Team. He won the 2017 Kernen Omloop Echt-Susteren. He also finished second in the 2019 Ronde van Drenthe. He was born in Geldrop, North Brabant.

De Greef had a heart attack riding in the Omloop van de Braakman race. He was taken to a hospital in Antwerp and was put into a coma. He died more than three weeks later on 25 April 2019 of a brain haemorrhage. He was 27.


Nasser Farbod

Nasser Farbod (‎; 27 April 1922 – 26 April 2019) was an Iranian political activist and military officer. He served as the Chief-of-Staff of the Islamic Republic of Iran Army from 27 March 1979 until his resignation on 12 July 1979. He was born in Tehran.

Farbod died on 26 April 2019, at the age of 96.

Ellen Schwiers

Ellen Schwiers (11 June 1930 – 26 April 2019) was a German actress. Her acting career lasted from 1949 to 2015. She acted in plays by Friedrich Dürrenmatt and Max Frisch at the Schauspielhaus Zürich. She appeared as the Buhlschaft in "Jedermann" at the Salzburg Festival. She also acted in over 200 movies and television series. Some of her screen roles include "When the Bells Sound Clearly", "The Inheritance of Bjorndal", "God's Thunder" and "Tatort". In 1989, she was awarded an Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Schwiers was born in Stettin, Pomerania, which is now the Polish city of Szczecin. She was married to Peter Jacob from 1956 until his death in 1992. The couple had two children.

On 26 April 2019, Schwiers died in Starnberg, Bavaria. She was 88.


Lorenzo Quinteros

Lorenzo Quinteros (14 June 1945 – 23 April 2019) was an Argentine actor. His first movie roles was in "Alianza para el progreso" (1971). He later appeared in the movies "Man Facing Southeast" (1986), "Last Scenes from the Shipwreck" (1989), "A Wall of Silence" (1993), "The Act in Question" (1994), "Buenos Aires Vice Versa" (1996), "The Adventures of God" (2000) and "Valentín" (2002). In 2009, he was cast as Marquis de Sade in an Argentine version of Peter Weiss' "Marat/Sade".

Quinteros was born in Monte Buey, Córdoba Province. He died at a hospital in Buenos Aires on 23 April 2019. He was 73.

Feargal Quinn

Feargal Quinn (27 November 1936 – 24 April 2019) was an Irish businessman, politician and television personality. He founded the Superquinn supermarket chain. He served as a Senator for the National University of Ireland constituency from 1993 to 2016. He also did television work for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). He was born in Dublin.

After a short illness, Quinn died on 24 April 2019 in Dublin. He was 82.

Jimmy Banks

James Banks (September 2, 1964 – April 26, 2019) was an American soccer player. He played as a defender.

Banks was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In college, he played for the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee's Milwaukee Panthers from 1983 to 1987. Between 1987 and 1993, he played indoor soccer for Milwaukee Wave. He played for the United States from 1986 to 1991. He played 36 games for his country, including two at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

Banks died of pancreatic cancer on April 26, 2019 in Milwaukee. He was 54.

Me!

"Me!" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It features vocals from American singer Brendon Urie, known for being the lead singer of the band Panic! At the Disco. The song was released on April 26, 2019, as the lead single from Swift's seventh studio album, "Lover". Swift and Urie wrote the song with Joel Little, Swift produced the song with Little (known for his work with Swift's friend, New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde).

Swift revealed a countdown to April 26 with a pink and blue, cotton-candy colored theme on her Instagram story. It contained the hashtag #426, which was the release date of a project that was unknown at the time.

So far, the song has gotten to number one on the iTunes charts of nearly 50 countries.

It entered at #100 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for the week ending May 4, 2019. The song jumped to #2 the following week, behind "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X featuring Billy Ray Cyrus. It broke the record for the biggest jump on the chart in a week (98 positions), beating Kelly Clarkson's "My Life Would Suck Without You" (96 positions, from #97 to #1).

Fabolous

John David Jackson (born November 18, 1977), better known as Fabolous, is an American rapper. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He released his first album, "Ghetto Fabolous", in 2001.

Hachette Book Group

Hachette Book Group (HBG) is the third largest trade and educational publishing company in the world. Hachette Livre owns the Hachette Book Group. Lagardère Group owns Hachette Livre. HBG started when Hachette Livre bought the Time Warner Book Group from Time Warner on March 31, 2006. Its headquarters are at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Hachette is one of the big-five publishing companies, along with Holtzbrinck/Macmillan, Penguin Random House, HarperCollins, and Simon & Schuster. In one year, HBG publishes about 1400+ books for adults (including 50-100 digital-only titles), 300 books for young readers, and 450 audio books. In 2016, the company had 214 books on the "New York Times" bestseller list, 44 of which reached #1.



Authors Guild

The Authors Guild is America's oldest and largest professional organization for writers. It works to protect free expression and copyright. It started in 1912 as the Authors League of America. Notable authors of fiction, nonfiction, and poetry have been board members. It has over 9,000 members. These members get legal advice and guidance on contracts with publishers as well as insurance and help with licensing and royalties.

On September 20, 2005, the Authors Guild, together with Herbert Mitgang, Betty Miles and Daniel Hoffman, sued Google for its Book Search project. The Authors Guild said Google was breaking the law by making digital copies of books that were still in copyright. (Google countered that their use was fair according to US copyright law.)

On October 28, 2008, the Authors Guild, the Association of American Publishers, and Google announced an agreement. Google would pay $125 million, $45 million to rightsholders whose books were scanned without permission. The Google Book Search Settlement Agreement allowed for legal protection for Google's scanning project. But both sides still said the other was wrong about copyright law. The Settlement also would have started a new regulatory organization, the Book Rights Registry, which would decide how fees from Google went to rightsholders.

The settlement between the Authors guild and Google was rejected in 2011 by a judge at the district court level. The judge thought the settlement was not good for the authors.

In October 2015, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit sided with Google. The court said that scanning and posting parts of works online was Fair Use and did not harm the authors.

In late December 2015, the Authors Guild filed a writ of certiorari with the Supreme Court against Google over copyright laws. which in April 2016 did not review the case, leaving the lower court's decision as correct.


Somniosidae

The Somniosidae are a family of sharks in the order Squaliformes. They are commonly known as sleeper sharks, because of their slow swimming. They have a low activity level, and seem to have a non-aggressive nature.

Ken Rothman

Kenneth J. Rothman (October 11, 1935 – April 26, 2019) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Missouri from 1981 to 1985. He was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1963 to 1981. He also served as the Speaker of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1977 to 1981. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri to Jewish family.

Rothman died on April 26, 2019 in St. Louis, at the age of 83.

Meana Sardo

Meana Sardo ("Meàna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,813 people lived there. Its area is 73.8 km². It is 588 meters above sea level.

San Gavino Monreale

San Gavino Monreale ("Santu 'Èngiu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,671 people lived there. Its area is 87.4 km². It is 54 meters above sea level.

Padria

Padria ("Pàdria") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 633 people lived there. Its area is 48.39 km². It is 304 meters above sea level.

Padru

Padru ("Pàdru, Pàtru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,121 people lived there. Its area is 158 km². It is 160 meters above sea level.

Pattada

Pattada ("Patàda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,084 people lived there. Its area is 164.88 km². It is 794 meters above sea level.

Perdasdefogu

Perdasdefogu ("Foghèsu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,937 people lived there. Its area is 77.75 km². It is 600 meters above sea level.

Perfugas

Perfugas ("Pèifugas, Pèlfica") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,383 people lived there. Its area is 60.88 km². It is 90 meters above sea level.

Ploaghe

Ploaghe ("Piàghe") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,538 people lived there. Its area is 96.27 km². It is 427 meters above sea level.

Porto Torres

Porto Torres ("Posthudòrra, Portu Tùrre, Poltu Tùrri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 22,306 people lived there. Its area is 104.41 km². It is 5 meters above sea level.

Posada

Posada ("Pasàda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,967 people lived there. Its area is 32.77 km². It is 37 meters above sea level.

Pozzomaggiore

Pozzomaggiore ("Pottumajòre, Pottumaggiòre") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,617 people lived there. Its area is 78.77 km². It is 438 meters above sea level.

Putifigari

Putifigari ("Potuvìgari") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 729 people lived there. Its area is 53.1 km². It is 267 meters above sea level.

Riola Sardo

Riola Sardo ("Arriòra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,151 people lived there. Its area is 48.11 km². It is 9 meters above sea level.

Ruinas

Ruinas ("Arruìnas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 667 people lived there. Its area is 30.46 km². It is 359 meters above sea level.

Sadali

Sadali ("Sàdili") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 988 people lived there. Its area is 49.61 km². It is 765 meters above sea level.

Sagama

Sagama ("Sàgama") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 200 people lived there. Its area is 11.72 km². It is 333 meters above sea level.

Samassi

Samassi ("Samàssi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,196 people lived there. Its area is 42.04 km². It is 56 meters above sea level.

Samatzai

Samatzai ("Samatzài") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,680 people lived there. Its area is 31.16 km². It is 174 meters above sea level.

Samugheo

Samugheo ("Samughèo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,030 people lived there. Its area is 81.28 km². It is 370 meters above sea level.

San Basilio

San Basilio ("Santu 'Asìli 'e mònti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,238 people lived there. Its area is 44.63 km². It is 415 meters above sea level.

San Giovanni Suergiu

San Giovanni Suergiu ("Santu Giuànni Suèrgiu, SantuJuanniSruèxu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,055 people lived there. Its area is 72.37 km². It is 16 meters above sea level.

San Nicolò d'Arcidano

San Nicolò d'Arcidano ("Arcidànu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,663 people lived there. Its area is 28.36 km². It is 13 meters above sea level.

San Nicolò Gerrei

San Nicolò Gerrei ("Paùli Gerrèi, Pàùli Xrexèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 774 people lived there. Its area is 63.52 km². It is 365 meters above sea level.

San Sperate

San Sperate ("Santu Sparàu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,312 people lived there. Its area is 26.24 km². It is 41 meters above sea level.

San Teodoro

San Teodoro ("Santu Diadòru, Santu Tiadòru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,937 people lived there. Its area is 107.6 km². It is 15 meters above sea level.

San Vero Milis

San Vero Milis ("Santu 'èru, Santèru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,504 people lived there. Its area is 72.48 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

San Vito

San Vito ("Santu Ìdu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,659 people lived there. Its area is 231.64 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

Santa Giusta

Santa Giusta ("Santa Jùsta") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,818 people lived there. Its area is 69.22 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

Sanluri

Sanluri ("Seddòri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,504 people lived there. Its area is 84.23 km². It is 135 meters above sea level.

Santa Maria Coghinas

Santa Maria Coghinas ("Cuzìna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,389 people lived there. Its area is 22.97 km². It is 21 meters above sea level.

Santa Teresa Gallura

Santa Teresa Gallura ("Lungòni, Lungòne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,277 people lived there. Its area is 102.29 km². It is 40 meters above sea level.

Santadi

Santadi ("Santàdi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,439 people lived there. Its area is 116.49 km². It is 135 meters above sea level.

Sant'Andrea Frius

Sant'Andrea Frius ("Sant'Andrìa 'e Frìus") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,786 people lived there. Its area is 36.16 km². It is 280 meters above sea level.

Sant'Anna Arresi

Sant'Anna Arresi ("Arrèsi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,737 people lived there. Its area is 36.68 km². It is 77 meters above sea level.

Sant'Antioco

Sant'Antioco ("Santu Antiògu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 11,272 people lived there. Its area is 87.9 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Sant'Antonio di Gallura

Sant'Antonio di Gallura ("Sant'Antòni di Caragnàni, Sant'Antòni de Calanzànos") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,520 people lived there. Its area is 81.69 km². It is 354 meters above sea level.

Santu Lussurgiu

Santu Lussurgiu ("Santu Lussùrzu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,369 people lived there. Its area is 99.8 km². It is 503 meters above sea level.

Sardara

Sardara ("Sàrdara") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,076 people lived there. Its area is 56.23 km². It is 163 meters above sea level.

Sarule

Sarule ("Sarùle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,696 people lived there. Its area is 52.72 km². It is 630 meters above sea level.

Scano di Montiferro

Scano di Montiferro ("Iscànu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,517 people lived there. Its area is 60.47 km². It is 385 meters above sea level.

Sedilo

Sedilo ("Sèdilo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,122 people lived there. Its area is 68.45 km². It is 283 meters above sea level.

Sedini

Sedini ("Sèddini") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,339 people lived there. Its area is 40.51 km². It is 350 meters above sea level.

Segariu

Segariu ("Segarìu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,205 people lived there. Its area is 16.69 km². It is 129 meters above sea level.

Selegas

Selegas ("Sèligas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,364 people lived there. Its area is 20.39 km². It is 234 meters above sea level.

Semestene

Semestene ("Semèstene") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 157 people lived there. Its area is 39.58 km². It is 405 meters above sea level.

Seneghe

Seneghe ("Sèneghe") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,772 people lived there. Its area is 57.85 km². It is 305 meters above sea level.

Senis

Senis ("Sènis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 440 people lived there. Its area is 16.06 km². It is 256 meters above sea level.

Sennariolo

Sennariolo ("Sinnarìolo") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 186 people lived there. Its area is 15.61 km². It is 274 meters above sea level.

Sennori

Sennori ("Sènnaru, Sènnari") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 7,281 people lived there. Its area is 31.34 km². It is 277 meters above sea level.

Senorbì

Senorbì ("Senorbì") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,897 people lived there. Its area is 34.29 km². It is 199 meters above sea level.

Martin Rees

Martin John Rees, Baron Rees of Ludlow, (born 23 June 1942) is a British cosmologist and astrophysicist. He was Master of Trinity College, Cambridge from 2004 to 2012 and President of the Royal Society between 2005 and 2010.

Serdiana

Serdiana ("Serdìana") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,650 people lived there. Its area is 55.71 km². It is 171 meters above sea level.

Serramanna

Serramanna ("Serramànna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 9,178 people lived there. Its area is 83.84 km². It is 30 meters above sea level.

Serrenti

Serrenti ("Serrènti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,854 people lived there. Its area is 42.78 km². It is 114 meters above sea level.

Serri

Serri ("Sèrri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 653 people lived there. Its area is 19.18 km². It is 640 meters above sea level.

Province of South Sardinia

The Province of South Sardinia () is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Setzu

Setzu ("Sètzu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 149 people lived there. Its area is 7.77 km². It is 216 meters above sea level.

Mores

Mores ("Mòres") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,907 people lived there. Its area is 94.86 km². It is 366 meters above sea level.

Seui

Seui ("Seùi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,291 people lived there. Its area is 148.21 km². It is 820 meters above sea level.

Seulo

Seulo ("Seùlu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 829 people lived there. Its area is 58.79 km². It is 797 meters above sea level.

Robert May, Baron May of Oxford

Robert McCredie May, Baron May of Oxford, HonFAIB (8 January 1936 – 28 April 2020) was an Australian scientist. He was President of the Royal Society from 2000 to 2005. He is a professor at the University of Sydney and Princeton University. He was a crossbench (independent) member of the House of Lords from 2001 until his retirement in 2017.

May was a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, and an appointed member of the council of the British Science Association. He was also a member of the advisory council for the Campaign for Science and Engineering.

May died on 28 April 2020 at a nursing home in Oxford of pneumonia caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.

Carrion beetle

Carrion beetle is the name for a group of beetles, where the larvae feed on raw flesh. They are also known as large carrion beetles or burying beetles. They are in the family Silphidae, which belongs to the order Coleoptera. 

Over 180 species of such beetles are known. They lay their eggs into raw flesh, and the larvae feed on raw flesh (or dead animals). Sometimes the adults hunt and kill the larvae of other insects.

Most carrion beetles only walk: they have lost the power of flight. The do walk for long distances in search of dead animals to lay their eggs on.

Most species occur on the northern hemisphere, in temperate climates. Often, they can be found in grassland or woodland areas. In the tropical climates they occur mostly in the mountains, where it is colder. They are not present in the desert. 

Hugo Gunckel Lüer

Hugo Gunckel Lüer (August 10, 1901 – July 17, 1997) was a Chilean pharmacist and botanist. He was a member of many scientific societies.

Bibliografia Moliniana 1980 Fondo Andrés Bello

Gunckel, H. (2018). Nombre indígenas relacionados con la flora chilena. Boletín de Filología, (11), pp. 191–327 PDF

Tifaceas 1959 Universidad de Chile

Gunckel H 1982. Significado de nombres genéricos de algunas plantas de la flora chilena. Academia N° 4. Academia Superior de Ciencias Pedagógicas. 157-180


Crown gear

A crown gear is a gear where the teeth of the gear are not flat, but at an angle. The most common such angle is a right angle (90 degrees). The name crown gear comes from the facr that these gears look like crowns. Crown gears were widely used in antiquity and the Middle Ages. In modern times they were replaced by bevel gear. This is mainly because with bevel gear, the calculations are easier.

Four-field approach

In America, the subject of Anthropology has been divided up into four smaller subjects. This is called the "four-field approach". The four types of anthropology included are archaeology, linguistics, physical anthropology (or Biological), and cultural anthropology. Together, these four types of anthropology explain how different humans have resided all over the world throughout history.

There are some people who think applied anthropology, which uses the information learned from studying anthropology to solve modern problems of health or education, is it's own subject, which would make it a "five field approach", but this is not as common of a view.

This approach was created by Franz Boas (1858-1942), also named “the father of anthropology.” He is famous for making anthropology popular, as well as an academic discipline in the United States. Boas wanted to show people that human activities, ideas, and choices are different in different places. He believed that the people should be studied holistically or as a whole, not just looking at one part of their life, but how all the parts of their lives fit together and create their culture. This includes studying people's , the objects they make, their bodies, languages, stories, and customs.

Since the 20th century, most American universities have used the four-field approach. Other countries, like England, do not divide anthropology in the same way. For example, archaeology is a part of the subject of history and not anthropology.

The benefits of a four-field approach allows for different perspectives to be taken into account when studying anthropological topics. This helps to alleviate any bias or general incorrect assumptions about past and present cultures.

Archaeology is the study of how people lived in the past. Archaeologists, learn from things left by people who lived a long time ago. They examine very old objects like pottery, stone tools, coins, books or anything made or used by humans. Usually, these objects are buried in the ground and need to be excavated, or dug up. These objects help archaeologists understand where and how people lived a long time ago. Most importantly, archaeologists focus on histories of cultures and the past, through artifacts and remains.


Cultural anthropology is the study of human culture. Culture is the way groups of people live their lives based on what is normal or accepted behavior for where they live. Culture can be fluid and change as people’s ideas change. Cultural anthropologists look at how different cultures are by comparing things like people’s ideas, art, and food. The focus of this field is on the differences between cultures.

It is also related to sociology and social psychology.

It is also called "social anthropology" and “socio-cultural anthropology”. 

One of Franz Boas' students, Ruth Benedict, helped to bring the term "cultural relativism" popularity. Cultural relativism is a notion that means people's beliefs and actions must be understood from within the context of their own culture. People studying culture should avoid judging culture based on their own assumptions and cultural standards. Boas and Bosnians' celebrated the diversity of culture and did not advocate for ethnocentrism or a superior culture of them all.


Linguistics is the study of how people speak and the words they use and how their language developed over time (evolved). Linguists, people who study linguistics, also examine how language changes what people think and how people change language. They also look at how words make sentences. This field focuses on how language is a significance to culture.


Physical anthropology is the study of human body science (biology), including how people adapt to where they live and how bodies changed over time (evolution). They do this by comparing bones from very old humans to the bones of humans today.

Physical anthropologists also study non-human primates.

It is also called "biological anthropology".


Kate Gale

Kate Gale is an American author, poet, librettist, and independent publisher.





Hand2Mouth Theatre

Hand2Mouth Theatre is a theater group in Portland, Oregon. The group works together to create their performances. They decide all languages, movements and designs themselves, instead of working from a script.

Hand2Mouth Theatre is influenced by the work of Forced Entertainment Elevator Repair Service, and Jerzy Grotowski.

Jonathan Walters founded Hand2Mouth in 2000. He had trained with street theatre troupe Teatr Biuro Podrozy in Poland. As of 2009, Hand2Mouth had created 15 original performances. The group had grown to include a core of company members and associate artists. Company members have traveled and studied in London, New York, Poland, Denmark and Mexico City.

2002 - Blue Mountain Community College, Pendelton, OR ("Jerusalem")

2003 - River Theatre, Astoria, OR (Posture Queen)

2004 - Open Theatre International Festival, Katowice, Poland ("Blue" with Stacja Szamocin)

2004 - Pablo Neruda Centenary Festival, Portland State University, Portland, OR ("Slender" with Carpetbag Brigade)

2004 - PuppetLove! Festival, San Francisco, CA ("The Wild Child")

2004 - River Theatre, Astoria, OR ("Thirst")

2005 - Festival Malta, Poznan, Poland ("Blue" with Stacja Szamocin)

2005 - Kalisz Theatre Festival, Kalisz, Poland ("Blue" with Stacja Szamocin)

2005 - Edmonds Community College, Seattle, WA ("The Wild Child")

2005 - Willamette University, Salem, OR ("The Wild Child")

2006 - Just Add Water Festival, Portland Center Stage, Portland, OR ("After Hours")

2007 - On the Boards, Seattle, WA (Repeat After Me)

2007 - Time-Based Art Festival, Portland Institute for Contemporary Art, Portland, OR ("Repeat After Me")

2007 - Northwest New Works Festival, On the Boards, Seattle, WA ("Repeat After Me" - excerpt)

2008 - Myrna Loy Center, Helena, MT ("Repeat After Me")

2008 - Bumbershoot Arts Festival, Seattle, WA ("Project X: You Are Here")

2008 - NW New Works Festival, Seattle, WA ("Undine")

2008 - 10 Tiny Dances, Portland, OR ("Project X: You Are Here")

2009 - Fury Festival, Fury Factory, San Francisco, CA ("Repeat After Me")

2013 - The Left Hand of Darkness, Portland, Oregon.

2015 - Time, A Fair Hustler"," Fertile Ground Festival, Portland, OR.


Aleksey Lebed

Aleksey Ivanovich Lebed (; 14 April 1955 – 27 April 2019) was a Russian military officer and politician. He was a member of United Russia. He served as the Head of the Republic of Khakassia from 1997 to 2009. He was born in Novocherkassk.

Lebed died of internal bleeding on 27 April 2019 in Moscow. He was 64.

Homosexuality and religion

Homosexuality and bisexuality have been practices for a long time. Different religious groups have had different opinions regarding them. These opinions have changed over time. 

There is the view that sexual activity outside marriage is bad. There is also the view that sexual activity that is not about procreation (making babies) is bad. Many Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, mostly) still have this view. For them, homosexuality and bisexuality are unnatural, and wrong. Christianity calls them a sin. Many Islamic countries punish such relations. These groups see marriage as the union of a man and a woman. Marriage mostly has the purpose to have children. These people say that because with a same-sex marriage, people cannot have children without help, same sex-marriages are bad, Most forms of Christianity have taken this approach. 

In Christianity, these attitudes have slowly changed. In 2020, Pope Francis said that "being homosexual is not a crime". He has also reached out to the LGBTIQ+ people. The pope has said that he thinks that rules about same-sex unions are needed, but that he still opposes same-sex marriage. In Brazil and the Philippines, about 70% of people accept homosexuality as natural. This is a similar rate to that of many European countries.

Judaism generally sees homosexuality as wrong, and contrary to Judaism. Especially Orthodox Judaism has this view. According to Jewish law, being homosexual can be punished with the death penalty. In practice though, Rabbinic Judaism says it no longer has the authority to sentence someone to death. There are also more liberal movements in Judaism. These movements usually see homosexuality the same way as heterosexuality: Being homosexual is no different from being heterosexual. 

All of the major Islamic schools disapprove of homosexuality. Islam views same-sex desires as an unnatural temptation, and sexual relations are seen as being against the natural role and aim of sexual activity. Islamic teachings (in the "hadith" tradition) presume same-sex attraction, extol abstention and (in the Qur'an) condemn consummation.

The discourse on homosexuality in Islam is mostly concerned with activities between men. There are, however, a few hadiths that mention homosexual behavior among women. Although punishment for lesbianism is rarely mentioned in the histories, al-Tabari records an example of the casual execution in the year 170 AH (786 or 787 AD) of a pair of lesbian slavegirls in the harem of al-Hadi in a collection of highly critical stories about that Caliph's actions as ruler.

Many Islamic countries have implemented the death penalty for homosexual or bisexual relations. Other islamic countries punish such relations with a time in prison, or a fine. In some islamic countries, there is no punishment for sexual relations between consenting adults. 

Simply connected space

A space (or shape) is called simply connected if it is all one piece and does not have any "holes" that pass all the way through it. For example, a ball is simply connected, but a doughnut is not. 

More formally, being "one piece" means a shape is path-connected, which means there is a path from any point inside the shape to any other which does not leave the shape. 

Reijo Taipale

Reijo Toivo Taipale (9 March 1940 – 26 April 2019) was a Finnish pop singer. He performed mostly Schlager music, tango and ballads. He first became known in the music scene during the 1950s. Some of his famous songs include "Elämän virta", "Sateen hiljainen ääni" and "Valon lapsi". He had over 30 albums to his name. He also released albums with Eino Grön in the 1970s. He was born in Miehikkälä.

Taipale died of dementia in Helsinki on 26 April 2019. He was 79.

Jovita Carranza

Jovita Carranza (born June 29, 1949) is an American businesswoman and politician. Carranza was the 26th Administrator of the Small Business Administration from January 15, 2020 to January 20, 2021. She was the 44th Treasurer of the United States from 2017 through 2020. She was the Deputy Administrator for the United States Small Business Administration from December 2006 to January 2009 during George W. Bush's presidency.

Carranza was Vice President of Air Operations for United Parcel Service (UPS) the world's largest package delivery company at its facility in Louisville, Kentucky.

Carranza was the President & CEO of the JCR Group, a consulting firm with a focus on business development, profit and loss management, operations, logistics and systems optimization.

On April 4, 2019, President Trump nominated Carranza to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration, replacing Linda McMahon. She was confirmed on January 7, 2020 and sworn in on January 15.

Hubert Hahne

Hubert Hahne (28 March 1935 – 24 April 2019) was a German racing driver. He raced in five Formula One World Championship Grands Prix between 1966 and 1970. His first entry was in the 1966 German Grand Prix. His last entry was in the 1970 German Grand Prix. He was also a touring car racer. He won the 1966 European Touring Car Championship. He was born in Moers. He was the older brother of Armin Hahne, and uncle of Jörg van Ommen.

Hahne had dementia in his final years. He died on 24 April 2019 in Düsseldorf. He was 84.


Denton Lotz

Denton Lotz (January 18, 1939 – April 23, 2019) was an American Baptist minister. He was the general secretary of the Baptist World Alliance from 1988 to 2007. He also served as Senior Pastor of Tremont Temple Baptist Church in Boston, Massachusetts from 2007 to 2017. He was born in Flushing, Queens, New York.

Lotz died at his home in Forestdale, Massachusetts on April 23, 2019. He was 80.

Negasso Gidada

Negasso Gidada Solon ( "Nägaso Gidada"; 8 September 1943 – 27 April 2019) was an Ethiopian politician. He served as the President of Ethiopia from 22 August 1995 until 8 October 2001. He was a member of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) before becoming independent. He was later a member of the House of Peoples' Representatives for Dembidolo from 2005.

Gidada was born in Dembidolo. He was married to German-born Regina Abelt. He died of an illness on 27 April 2019 in Frankfurt, in the German state of Hesse. He was 75.

Elina Bystritskaya

Elina Avraamovna Bystritskaya (; 4 April 1928 – 26 April 2019) was a Soviet and Russian actress. She is known for her role of Aksinya in movie version of Mikhail Sholokhov's novel "And Quiet Flows the Don" (1958), directed by Sergei Gerasimov. She also starred in "Unfinished Story" (1955), "Volunteers" (1958) and "All Remains to People" (1963). She was named People's Artist of the USSR in 1978. She was awarded the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" in 2008. She was born in Kyiv, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, to a Jewish family.

Bystritskaya died in Moscow on 26 April 2019, at the age of 91.

Walter Rodney

Walter Anthony Rodney (23 March 1942 – 13 June 1980) was a well-known Guyanese historian, political activist and academic. He was assassinated in 1980.

Bart Chilton

Bartholomew Hamilton Chilton (May 1, 1960 – April 27, 2019) was an American civil servant. He was Commissioner at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) from 2007 to 2014. He notably had long hair and wore cowboy boots. He was once called "the modern-day Eliot Ness" for wanting the CFTC to charge fraud. At the time of his death, he was a host of RT's "Boom Bust". He was born in Wilmington, Delaware and grew up in Ogden Dunes, Indiana.

Chilton died of pancreatic cancer on April 27, 2019, at the age of 58.

Sylvia Bretschneider

Sylvia Bretschneider (14 November 1960 – 28 April 2019) was a German politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She became a member of the Landtag ("regional parliament") of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in 1994. She became speaker of the state's assembly in 2002. She died in office in 2019. She was born in Waren (Müritz), Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. She was married and had three children. 

Bretschneider died of cancer in Neubrandenburg on 28 April 2019. She was 58.

Ogden Dunes, Indiana

Ogden Dunes is a town in Portage Township, Porter County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1,168.

Forestdale, Massachusetts

Forestdale is a village and census-designated place (CDP) within the town of Sandwich, Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village had a population of 4,116.

Sandwich, Massachusetts

Sandwich is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 20,259. The village and census-designated place (CDP) of Forestdale is in the town.

José Rizo Castellón

José Rizo Castellón (27 September 1944 – 23 April 2019) was a Nicaraguan politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Constitutionalist Liberal Party (PLC). From 2002 to 2005, he served as Vice President of Nicaragua under President Enrique Bolaños. He was born in Jinotega.

Rizo Castellón died of a terminal illness on 23 April 2019 in Valparaíso, Chile. He was 74.

Niederried

Niederried may mean:

Oberried

Oberried may mean:


Mika McKinnon

Mika McKinnon is a Canadian field geophysicist, disaster researcher, and science communicator. She is a co-investigator of the SETI Institute's Project ESPRESSO. She was a science adviser for the science fiction television series "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe".

McKinnon earned her Bachelor of Science in Physics from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 2005. She studied in the College of Creative Studies. There, she re-started the Society of Physics Students group and led a student study group on science in fiction.

She earned her Master of Science in geophysics at the University of British Columbia in 2010. Her graduate work was about measuring and managing risk of landslides. She used statistical models to map landslides physical characteristics to better predict how far landslides run and reduce the number of people hurt and the amount of damage.

McKinnon was looking for work after graduation during a hiring freeze by the Canadian government. She learned that women in her field were being hired because they could be paid less than men. So, she spoke out more for women and minorities in science.

McKinnon does research in disaster management, preparedness, and communication. She works with scientific research, advocacy, and policy. She uses her knowledge of both science and communication to teach science to disaster managers. She rewrote the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) science curriculum for emergency managers. She is working on several projects with Natural Resources Canada.

McKinnon is a co-investigator of Project ESPRESSO. She uses her expertise in terrestrial landslides and hazard mapping to help the project reach its goal of describing extraterrestrial target surfaces (asteroids, comets, and moons) and reducing risks for robots and humans in space exploration. The project is a group of seven partner institutions. It started when NASA called for Solar System Exploration Research Virtual Institute groups in 2016. ESPRESSO is one of thirteen projects that were chosen after that call.

McKinnon began doing science communication as a Master's student at UBC. The producers of the television show "Stargate: Atlantis" wanted a physicist who could help with accurate scientific explanations for the show's science fiction plots. McKinnon answered. After graduation, she worked in science communication including popular science writing and continued helping on the television shows Stargate: Atlantis and "Stargate: Universe". Recently, McKinnon has worked on "Doomsday: 10 Ways the World Will End", "No Tomorrow", "Madam Secretary", and "". McKInnon says that her interest in communication started with the media's incorrect reporting of a major landslide in the Pacific Northwest.

She was an editor for Gawker Media. She wrote about popular science topics for io9 and later became a science writer for Gizmodo. She writes about topics including space exploration, dinosaur discovery, the meeting of science and art, and disaster preparedness. Her writing is in "Wired UK", "Smithsonian" magazine, "Ars Technica", and "Astronomy".

She volunteers for the National Academy of Sciences Science & Entertainment Exchange. There, she uses her knowledge to help the entertainment industry show science more accurately in the media.


María de los Ángeles Moreno

María de los Ángeles Moreno Uriegas (15 January 1945 – 27 April 2019) was a Mexican politician. She was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). She also served as Mexico's first female party president. She served as Secretary of Fisheries in the cabinet of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari from December 1988 to May 1991. She also served in the Chamber of Deputies and later in the Senate. She was born in Mexico City.

In 2000, she became President of the Senate.

Moreno died in Mexico City on 27 April 2019, at the age of 74.

Larry &quot;Flash&quot; Jenkins

Larry "Flash" Jenkins (May 10, 1955 – April 25, 2019) was an American actor, movie director, producer and screenwriter. He appeared in movies such as "Fletch" (1985) and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986). He also starred in television series such as "The White Shadow", "Bay City Blues" and "Finder of Lost Loves". He was born in Long Island, New York.

Jenkins died on April 25, 2019 of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California. He was 63.

Jessie Lawrence Ferguson

Jessie Lawrence Ferguson (June 8, 1942 – April 26, 2019) was an American screen actor. He was best known for roles in movies such as "All Night Long" (1981), "Prince of Darkness" (1987), "Darkman" (1990) and "Boyz n the Hood" (1993). He was born in the Bronx, New York.

Ferguson died on April 26, 2019 in Palmdale, California. He was 76.


Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy

Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is an immune-mediated inflammatory disorder of the peripheral nervous system. The disorder is sometimes called chronic relapsing polyneuropathy (CRP) or chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (because it involves the nerve roots).

CIDP is closely related to Guillain–Barré syndrome and it is thought to be the chronic counterpart of that acute disease. Its symptoms are also similar to progressive inflammatory neuropathy. 

Several variants have been reported. Specially important are:


Mayda Insula

Mayda Insula is an island in the Kraken Mare. It is a body of liquid composed mostly of methane, on Saturn's largest moon Titan. Mayda Insula is the first island (insula) to be named on a planet or moon other than Earth.

Mayda Insula was discovered by the "Cassini–Huygens" mission to Saturn. Its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature on April 11, 2008. It became the first named island anywhere other than earth. However, there is a possibility that Mayda Insula is actually peninsular. A peninsular is a piece of land that is connected to the mainland by another strip of land. All of the island on Titan have been named after legendary islands. "Mayda Insula" was named after a legendary island Mayda which was thought to exist in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. Its name was approved the same day as the names of Kraken Mare and Ligeia Mare.

Mayda Insula was mentioned in Michael Carroll's novel "On the Shores of Titan's Farthest Sea: A Scientific Novel". The 39th chapter of the book is titled "The Hunchback of Mayda Insula".


Wayson Choy

Wayson Choy (; April 20, 1939 – April 28, 2019) was a Canadian novelist. Choy wrote the award-winning book "The Jade Peony" (1995). The novel's sequel, "All That Matters", was published in 2004. His memoir "Paper Shadows: A Chinatown Childhood" (1999), won the 2000 Edna Staebler Award for Creative Non-Fiction. In 2005, Choy was made a member of the Order of Canada.

Choy was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He had a Chinese background. He spent his childhood in the city's Chinatown. Choy attended "Gladstone Secondary School" in East Vancouver. He attended the University of B.C.. Choy was openly gay.

Choy died on April 28, 2019, at the age of 80.

Josef Šural

Josef Šural (30 May 1990 – 29 April 2019) was a Czech footballer. He played as a forward.

Šural was born in Hustopeče. He played for Czech sides Brno, Slovan Liberec and Sparta Praha. At the time of his death, he was playing for Turkish club Alanyaspor since early 2019. He played for the Czech Republic from 2013 until his death in 2019. He played for his country 20 times, scoring once. He also played for the Czech Republic at the UEFA Euro 2016.

On 29 April 2019, Šural team's minibus overturned near the Turkish coastal town of Alanya. Šural was taken to hospital where he died. Seven other players were injured.

Les Murray (poet)

Leslie Allan Murray (17 October 1938 – 29 April 2019) was an Australian poet, anthologist and critic. His career lasted over 40 years, and he published nearly 30 collections of poetry. He served as the literary editor of conservative magazine "Quadrant" for more than twenty years. He was called Australia's most likely chance of winning the Nobel Prize in Literature during his career. He was born in Nabiac, New South Wales.

Murray died on 29 April 2019 in Taree, New South Wales. He was 80.

Deaths in May 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in May 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

































Avalon

Avalon may mean:


Karol Modzelewski

Karol Cyryl Modzelewski (23 November 1937 – 28 April 2019) was a Polish writer, historian and politician.He was also a professor at the University of Wrocław and the University of Warsaw. He was jailed for taking part in the 1968 Polish political crisis. He served as a member of the Senate from 1989 to 1991. In 2016, he was awarded the Legion of Honour. He was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. His adoptive father was the communist politician Zygmunt Modzelewski (1900–1953).

Modzelewski died in Warsaw on 28 April 2019. He was 81.

Adenocalymma

Adenocalymma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae. Creepers, common in South America.

Previously, the spelling variant "Adenocalymna" was also used; In 2005, at the XVII International Botanical Congress in Vienna, it was confirmed that the spelling of Adenocalymma should be considered correct.

This genus comprises 82 species.

Lohman Lucia G. and Charlotte Taylor 2014
A new generic classification of Bignoniaceae Ann Miss Bot Gardens 99(3):

Saburtalo Pantheon

The Saburtalo Pantheon () is a cemetery in Tbilisi, Georgia, where some of the most prominent writers, artists, scholars, scientists and political activists of Georgia are buried. It was opened in 1970s. It closed but opened in 2002 again. The pantheon is located in the Saburtalo District.



Python License

The Python License was an open-source, GPL-compatible license created and used for the Python programming language and runtime. It is no longer used.

Menachem Mendel Taub

Menachem Mendel Taub (‎; 1923 – 28 April 2019) was an Israeli Hasidic rebbe and Holocaust survivor. He brought the Kaliv dynasty with him to Israel. He founded Kiryas Kaliv in Rishon LeZion, before it was moved to Bnei Brak, a city near the Yarkon Park, and finally Jerusalem. He was known for his efforts in remembering Jewish victims of the Holocaust. He wrote the book, "Shema Yisrael: Testimonies of devotion, courage, and self-sacrifice, 1939–1945", a collection of more than 500 first-person accounts of Holocaust survivors.

Taub was born in Marghita is a city in Bihor County, Crișana region, Romania. During World War II, Taub was a prisoner at many concentration camps. While at Auschwitz, he was reportedly experimented on by Josef Mengele. Because of these experiments, Taub could not have children or grow facial hair. He was later taken to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. After the war, he moved to United States with his wife. The couple later moved to Israel in 1962.

Taub died in Jerusalem on 28 April 2019, at the age of 96.

Pecora

Pecora is a group of mammals which "chew the cud": in other words they re-eat the same material a second time. This kind of eating is done by all ruminants. The main reason is that they eat grass, which is quite hard to digest. It has little food value, but it grows so widely that it is always available to animals which can digest it.

Most pecorans, except "Hydrotopes" and "Moschus" have horns or antlers. "Pecora" comes from Latin meaning "horned lifestock". Some pecorans have horns, but the family Cervidae has antlers.

Karl Kroeber

Karl Kroeber (November 24, 1926 – November 8, 2009) was an American literary scholar. He wrote about the English Romantics and American Indian literature. He was the son of Theodora and Alfred L. Kroeber. They were both anthropologists.

He was professor of English and comparative literature at Columbia University. He wrote about literary criticism and its relationship to ecology, traditional literature, and art history.

Kroeber's sister was the science fiction writer Ursula K. Le Guin. His children were Paul Kroeber, a linguist; Arthur Kroeber, a journalist and expert on the Chinese economy; and Katharine Kroeber Wiley, a writer.

Kroeber died of cancer on November 8, 2009. He was 82 years old.



TheOdd1sOut

Robert James Rallison (born May 14, 1996), known online as TheOdd1sOut, is an American artist, animator, author, and YouTuber. As of February 2021, his YouTube channel has over 16.4 million subscribers. His second channel (TheOdd2sOut) has over 2.72 million subscribers as of February 2021. He was born in Arizona. 

Rallison uploaded the first strip of his webcomic "TheOdd1sOut" on June 14, 2012, on Tumblr and later on iFunny.

His videos about working at Subway, where he calls the food chain as "Sooubway",

Rallison wrote a book titled "The Odd 1s Out: How to Be Cool and Other Things I Definitely Learned from Growing Up", which was released on July 31, 2018.

Alaska's Flag

"Alaska's Flag" is the state song of Alaska.

Unique among state songs, its lyrics explain the symbolism of the Alaskan flag. The lyrics are:

Eight stars of gold on a field of blue<br>
Alaska's flag. May it mean to you<br>
The blue of the sea, the evening sky,<br>
The mountain lakes, and the flow'rs nearby;<br>
The gold of the early sourdough's dreams,<br>
The precious gold of the hills and streams;<br>
The brilliant stars in the northern sky,<br>
The "Bear," the "Dipper," and, shining high,<br>
The great North Star with its steady light,<br>
O'er land and sea a beacon bright.<br>
Alaska's flag to Alaskans dear,<br>
The simple flag of a last frontier.<br>

20 July Plot

On 20 July 1944, Claus von Stauffenberg and other conspirators tried to assassinate Adolf Hitler, the Führer of Nazi Germany, inside his Wolf's Lair field headquarters near Rastenburg, East Prussia. The name Operation Valkyrie, originally referring to part of the conspiracy, has become related to the plot. The idea behind the assassination was to seize political control of Germany and its armed forces from the Nazi Party (including the SS) and to make peace with the Western Allies as soon as possible.

The plot was a plan by several groups in the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi German government. Stauffenberg planted a bomb close to Hitler since he was presented with him in the conference meeting. The bomb failed to kill Hitler since one of the participants had unwittingly moved the bomb away from Hitler. Also, the table absorbed much of the blast as a result. The failure of the assassination attempt and the intended military that was to follow led the Gestapo to arrest more than 7,000 people of whom they executed 4,980.

Eric Kent

Daniel Eric Kent (30 June 1919 – 26 April 2019) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Labor Party. He served as a member of the Victorian Legislative Council from 1970 to 1976 for Gippsland Province. He served another term in the Council for 1979 to 1985 for Chelsea Province. He was born in Areegra, Victoria.

Kent died on 26 April 2019, at the age of 99.

Wolf's Lair

Wolf's Lair (German: "Wolfsschanze"; Polish: "Wilczy Szaniec") was Adolf Hitler's first Eastern Front military headquarters in World War II. The complex became one of several Führer Headquarters in parts of Eastern Europe. Organisation Todt built it for the start of Operation "Barbarossa" – the invasion of the Soviet Union – in 1941. It is also the site of the 20 July Plot in 1944.

Bruce Bickford (animator)

Bruce Bickford (February 11, 1947 – April 28, 2019) was an American animator. He worked notably in clay animation. He is best known for his work with musician and filmmaker Frank Zappa. He worked on animating the Zappa videos "Baby Snakes" (1979), "The Dub Room Special" (1982) and "The Amazing Mr. Bickford" (1987). He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Bickford died after health problems on April 28, 2019, at the age of 72.

Sinethemba Jantjie

Sinethemba Jantjie (15 February 1989 – 1 April 2019) was a South African professional footballer. He played as a winger.

Jantjie was from Whittlesea, Eastern Cape. He first played for Mbombela United between 2015 and 2016. He soon signed for PSL club Free State Stars. In his three seasons with the Free State Stars, he scored eight goals in 63 league appearances. At the time of his death, he was set to play for PSL side Bidvest Wits from the 2019–20 season onward.

On 1 April 2019, Jantjie died in a car crash in Bethlehem, Free State. He was 30.

Joe Sanberg

Joseph N. Sanberg (born July 12, 1979) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of CalEITC4Me, a statewide outreach program in California that helps low-income families claim the state and federal earned income tax credits. He is co-founder of Aspiration, Inc., an online banking and investing firm.

Media outlets said people have been calling on Sanberg to run for president in 2020 on an anti-poverty platform. In early April 2019, Sanberg began traveling to Ohio to test the possibility of a presidential run.

Daniel Horlaville

Daniel Horlaville (22 September 1945 – 28 April 2019) was a French footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Horlaville was born in Oissel. At club level, he played for US Quevilly, Paris Saint-Germain, Paris, Rouen and CA Oissel. He also played one game for France against Romania in 1969. He is the only amateur footballer to date to play for the national team since World War II.

Horlaville was the father of professional footballer Christophe Horlaville (born 1969). He died on 28 April 2019, at the age of 73.

Zubair Torwali

Zubair Torwali is a famous Pakistani linguist, scholar, author and columnist for Swat Pakistan. 

He did a lot of research and study on the languages and cultures of North Pakistan. He was an expert on the culture of Swat and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. He has received the Public Peace Prize in 2016 for his work for the languages of Northern Pakistan. 

Mia Mottley

Mia Amor Mottley, QC, MP (born 1 October 1965) is a Barbadian politician and attorney who is the current and 8th Prime Minister of Barbados since 25 May 2018 and the leader of the Barbados Labour Party (BLP). 

She served her first term as leader of the Barbados Labour Party (BLP) form 7 February 2008 to 18 October 2010 and she served her second term as leader of the Barbados Labour Party (BLP) from 26 February 2013 to 25 May 2018. 

Mottley is the eighth person to hold the position and role of Prime Minister of Barbados and the first women to hold either positions and roles of Prime Minister of Barbados and leader of the Barbados Labour Party (BLP).

She has been an MP for the constituency of Saint Michael North East since 1994. She has also held several government roles.

Gersemi

Gersemi is the daughter of Freyja and Óðr in Norse mythology. Gersemi is Hnoss's sister.

Ellen Tauscher

Ellen O'Kane Tauscher (November 15, 1951 – April 29, 2019) was an American politician. She was a member of the Democratic Party. She was the U.S. Representative for California's 10th congressional district. She became a congresswoman in 1997 replacing William P. Baker. She resigned in 2009 to work for the State Department. Tauscher was replaced by John Garamendi in the House. 

She served as the Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs from June 2009 until February 2012. She later served as Special Envoy for Strategic Stability and Missile Defense at the State Department until August 31, 2012.

Tauscher was born in Newark, New Jersey. She studied at Seton Hall University. Tauscher had one daughter. She was married to William Tauscher until their divorce in 1999. She was later married to Jim Cieslak from 2009 to 2011.

Tauscher survived esophageal cancer in 2010. She died of pneumonia on April 29, 2019 in Stanford, California, at the age of 67.

Anémone

Anne Bourguignon (9 August 1950 – 30 April 2019) was a French actress. She started using her stage name Anémone, after appearing as the title character in her first movie, Philippe Garrel's "Anémone" (1968). Her best known movie roles were in "Santa Claus Is a Stinker" (1982) and "The Grand Highway" (1987). She was nominated for five César Awards. In 1988, for her role as Marcelle in "The Grand Highway", she won the César Award for Best Actress. She was born in Paris.

Anémone died of lung cancer on 30 April 2019 in Poitiers, Vienne. She was 68.

Matoug Adam

Matoug Adam (‎; 1926 – 2 April 2019) was a Libyan politician, civil servant, and poet. He served as his country's Minister of Tourism from January 1968 to June 1969. He then served as Interior Minister from June 1969 to 31 August 1969. He was the last Interior Minister of the Kingdom of Libya, as the royal government was overthrown by Muammar Gaddafi on 1 September 1969. After the coup d'état, Adam was jailed for two years by the Gaddafi government.

Adam died on 2 April 2019, at the age of 93.

Andrew County, Missouri

Andrew County is a county in the northwestern U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 18,135. Its county seat is Savannah. The county was created on January 29, 1841 and named for Andrew Jackson Davis, a lawyer and prominent citizen of St. Louis.

Converse County, Wyoming

Converse County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 13,751 people lived there. Its county seat is Douglas. It was created in 1888.




Fred McLafferty

Fred Warren McLafferty (May 11, 1923 – December 26, 2021) was an American chemist known for his work in mass spectrometry. He was best known for the McLafferty rearrangement reaction that was observed with mass spectrometry. With Roland Gohlke, he pioneered the technique of gas chromatography–mass spectrometry. He is also known for electron capture dissociation, a method of fragmenting gas phase ions. In 1982, he became a member of the National Academy of Sciences.

McLafferty died on December 26, 2021 in Ithaca, New York at the age of 98.

Daniele da Volterra

Daniele Ricciarelli (c. 1509 – 4 April 1566), better known as Daniele da Volterra, was a Mannerist Italian painter and sculptor. He is remembered for his association with the work of Michelangelo . Many of Daniele's most important works were based on designs made for that purpose by Michelangelo. After his death, and following orders of Pope Pius V, Daniele covered the genitals of The Last Judgment with clothing, which earned him the nickname of Il Braghettone

Chariot racing

Chariot races were a popular sport in Ancient Greece and Rome. Chariot racing was dangerous to both drivers and horses as they often suffered serious injury and even death, but these dangers added to the excitement and interest for spectators. Chariot races could be watched by women, who were banned from watching many other sports. In the Roman form of chariot racing, teams represented different groups of financial backers and sometimes competed for the services of particularly skilled drivers.

Emma Haruka Iwao

Emma Haruka Iwao is a Japanese computer scientist at Google. In 2019 Haruka Iwao calculated the world's most accurate value of pi (π). Her calculation reached 31.4 trillion digits. This was much longer than the past record of 22 trillion digits.

As a child, Iwao became interested in pi. She was inspired by Japanese mathematicians, including Yasumasa Kanada. She studied computer science at the University of Tsukuba. Daisuke Takahashi taught her there. She won the Dean's Award for Excellence in 2008, before starting graduate studies in computing. Her master's dissertation was about high performance computer systems. After graduating, Iwao worked as a software engineer for Panasonic, GREE and Red Hat.

Iwao joined Google as a Cloud Developer Advocate in 2015. She worked for Google in Tokyo and then moved to Seattle in 2019. Iwao does training in how to use the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). She also helps application developers. She works to make cloud computing easier for everyone to use. She makes online demos and teaching materials.

In March 2019 Iwao calculated the value of pi to 31.4 trillion digits, using 170 Terabytes (TB) of data. The calculation used a multithreaded program called y-cruncher. It ran on more than 25 machines for 121 days.

List of women linguists

This is a list of women linguists by their country of origin. A linguist studies linguistics. Here in this list, this is the study of natural languages. These other people are not included in this list: polyglots (people fluent in several languages), grammarians (experts on prescriptive grammar), or language professionals such as translators or interpreters. Those are different professions.


Diane Larsen-Freeman

Diane Larsen-Freeman (born 1946) is an American linguist. She is now a Professor Emerita in Education and in Linguistics at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan. She works in Applied linguistics. She studies in second language acquisition, English as a second or foreign language, language teaching methods, teacher education, and English grammar. Her work on the complex/dynamic systems approach to second language development is very important and well-known.

Larsen-Freeman began her career as a Peace Corps volunteer. She taught English in Sabah, Malaysia from 1967 to 1969. She says this experience started her interest in language acquisition. She went on to graduate studies at the University of Michigan, earning her PhD in linguistics in 1975.

Larsen-Freeman worked at the faculty of the University of California, Los Angeles and then the SIT Graduate Institute. In 2002, she returned to the University of Michigan to direct the English Language Institute. She was also Professor in the School of Education and the Department of Linguistics. She retired from the University of Michigan in 2012. She has emerita positions at the English Language Institute and in Education and Linguistics at the University of Michigan, and at the SIT Graduate Institute. She is still active in her field, and teaches courses on the structure of English and second language development as a visiting senior fellow at the University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Education.

Larsen-Freeman mostly researches second language acquisition. She also studies English grammar. She thinks grammar is not only a set of structural patterns, but also important for making meaning and for changing language to meet a communicative context. She thinks that complexity theory is a new and useful way to understand language, its acquisition, and its use. She sees all three as complex changing processes that do not move neatly in a straight line. She applied this idea to teaching grammar, or “grammaring” as she calls it. The dynamic approach to second language development includes the idea that students each have their own path to learning, and that teaching is fundamentally a process of managing learning.

Larsen-Freeman was also the editor of the journal "Language Learning" for five years.

In 1997, she wrote a leading article applying complex/dynamic systems theory to study second language acquisition. A book of papers in her honor, "Complexity Theory and Language Development", was published in 2017.




List of women linguists


Thermomicrobia

The Thermomicrobia is a group of thermophilic green non-sulfur bacteria. 

The group is based on the type species "Thermomicrobium roseum" and on "Sphaerobacter thermophilus". They are aerobic and chemoorganotrophic (a term which means their metabolism is rather like most fungi).

Sunny Garcia

Sunny Garcia (born Vincent Sennen Garcia; January 14, 1970) is a professional surfer.

His top surfing achievement was becoming the ASP WCT World Champion in 2000 but Garcia also holds the record for most WQS event wins, 22, and holds six Triple Crown of Surfing titles. He initially retired in 2005 but is now competing again. 

On April 30, 2019, Garcia, who has depression, was hospitalized in intensive care unit at a Portland, Oregon hospital under critical condition after trying to kill himself.

B. Subhashan Reddy

B. Subhashan Reddy (2 March 1943 – 1 May 2019) was an Indian judge. He served as Chief Justice of Madras High Court from 2001 to 2004. After this, he served as Chief Justice of Kerala High Court from 2004 to 2005. He became the first chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Andhra Pradesh in August 2005. He was born in Amberpet, Hyderabad.

Reddy died on 1 May 2019 in Gachibowli, Hyderabad, at the age of 76.

S. P. Y. Reddy

S. Pedda Yerikal Reddy (4 June 1950 – 30 April 2019) was an Indian politician. He was born in Kadapa district, Andhra Pradesh. He was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) before becoming a Telugu Desam Party (TDP) member in 2014. In 2019, he joined Jana Sena Party. He served as a member of the Lok Sabha for the Nandyal constituency from 2004 until his death.

Reddy died of a lung infection on 30 April 2019 in Hyderabad. He was 68 years old.

Alejandro Planchart

Alejandro Enrique Planchart (July 29, 1935 – April 28, 2019) was a Venezuelan-American musicologist, conductor and composer. He was thought to be one of the leading experts on the music of Guillaume Du Fay. He was also an expert on music of the Middle Ages and early Renaissance. He taught at Yale University and the University of California, Santa Barbara. He was born in Caracas.

Planchart died on April 28, 2019 in Santa Barbara, California. He was 83.

Roy Hattersley

Roy Sydney George Hattersley, Baron Hattersley, PC, FRSL (born 28 December 1932) is a British Labour politician, author and journalist. He was born in Sheffield, England. He was MP for Birmingham Sparkbrook for 33 years from 1964 to 1997. He was Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1983 to 1992 during the Neil Kinnock leadership.

Hattersley retired from the House of Lords on 19 May 2017.

Yves-François Blanchet

Yves-François Blanchet (born April 16, 1965) is a Canadian politician. He is the leader of the Bloc Québécois since January 2019. He is the Member of parliament for the Quebec riding of Beloeil—Chambly. From 2008 to 2014, he was a member of the Quebec National Assembly.

He was first elected to the National Assembly in the 2008 Quebec general election. He represented the riding of Drummond.

Maxime Bernier

Maxime Bernier (born January 18, 1963) is a Canadian businessman, lawyer, and politician. He was a Member of Parliament for the riding of Beauce from 2006 through 2019. He is the founder and current leader of the People's Party of Canada.


People's Party of Canada

The People's Party of Canada (PPC; ) is a federal political party in Canada. The party was created by Maxime Bernier on September 14, 2018, shortly after he resigned from the Conservative Party. 

The party is conservative, libertarian, populist, classical liberal, and right-wing. 

Bernier was the party's only Member of Parliament, having represented the riding of Beauce from 2006 to the 2019 federal election.

On March 21, 2022, Maxime Barneir announced the People's Party ending it's activity on YouTube, complaining about alleged "censorship." 


Blanca Rodríguez

Blanca María Rodríguez de Pérez (January 1, 1926 – August 5, 2020) was a Venezuelan socialite. She was the First Lady of Venezuela from 1974 to 1979 and again from 1989 to 1993. She was the wife of Carlos Andrés Pérez. She was born in Rubio, Venezuela.

Rodríguez died of respiratory failure caused by a pulmonary embolism in Caracas on August 5, 2020 at the age of 94.

University of North Carolina at Charlotte shooting

The 2019 UNCC shooting was a mass shooting. It happened at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte in the United States at around 5:40 PM EDT on April 30, 2019. 

The shooting, which occurred on the last day of classes for the spring semester. It sent six people to the hospital, two of whom were dead upon arrival, and three others were in critical condition.

The shooting occurred inside a classroom in the Woodford A. Kennedy Building while students were giving a final presentation. The suspect, Trystan Terrell, was taken into police custody.

Louis Rosenblum

Louis (Lou) Rosenblum (15 November 1923 – 4 April 2019) was an American research scientist and activist. His works were about the movement for freedom of Jews of the Soviet Union. He was a founder of the first organization to support the freedom of Soviet Jews. He was a research scientist at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Lewis Research Center.

He was born in Brooklyn, New York. Rosenblum died on 4 April 2019 at his home in Wellesley, Massachusetts at the age of 95.

Frederick Hemke

Fred Hemke, DMA "(né" Frederick Leroy Hemke, Jr.; July 11, 1935 – April 17, 2019) was an American classical saxophonist and educator. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was among the leading American composers and helped raise the recognition of classical saxophone. For a half century, from 1962 to 2012, Hemke was a full-time faculty music educator at Northwestern University's Bienen School of Music. Hemke retired from Northwestern University in 2012. 

Hemke died on April 17, 2019 in Evanston, Illinois at the age of 83.

Martin Kilson

Martin Luther Kilson Jr. (February 14, 1931 – April 24, 2019) was an American political scientist. He was the first black academic to be appointed a full professor at Harvard University, where he was later the Frank G. Thomson Professor of Government from 1988 until his retirement in 1999.

Kilson died on April 24, 2019 in Lexington, Massachusetts at the age of 88.

Nils John Nilsson

Nils John Nilsson (February 6, 1933 – April 23, 2019) was an American computer scientist. He was one of the founding researchers in the ideas of artificial intelligence. He was born in Saginaw, Michigan. He was the first Kumagai Professor of Engineering in computer science at Stanford University from 1991 until his retirement. His best known work was Shakey the robot.

Nilsson died on April 23, 2019, at his home in Medford, Oregon, at the age of 86.


Shakey the robot

Shakey the Robot was the first general purpose mobile AI robot.

The project combined research in robotics, computer vision, and natural language processing. Because of this, it was the first project that melded logical reasoning and physical action. Shakey was developed at the Artificial Intelligence Center of Stanford Research Institute (now called SRI International) by Nils John Nilsson from 1966 to 1972.

Petar Omčikus

Petar Omčikus (; ); October 6, 1926 – April 26, 2019) was a Serbian painter. He was a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts. He worked in Paris, France. He was born in Sušak, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Omčikus died in Belgrade, Serbia on April 26, 2019 at the age of 92.

Jo Sullivan Loesser

Elizabeth Josephine "Jo" Sullivan (August 28, 1927 – April 28, 2019) was an American actress and singer. She became a musical theatre star with her best known role in the original production of "The Most Happy Fella". She was nominated for a Tony Award in 1957. Loesser in Mounds, Illinois.

Loesser died on April 28, 2019 at her home in New York City of heart failure at the age of 91. 

Beth Carvalho

Elizabeth Santos Leal de Carvalho (May 5, 1946 – April 30, 2019), known professionally as Beth Carvalho, was a Brazilian samba singer, guitarist, cavaquinist and composer. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. Her works mainly focused on the indigenous people of Brazil. 

Carvalho died of problems caused by a staph infection on April 30, 2019 in Rio at the age of 72.

Luis Maldonado Venegas

Luis Maldonado Venegas (November 19, 1956 – April 30, 2019) was a Mexican politician and lawyer. He was born in Mexico City. Maldonado was a member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution. He was a federal deputy representing Mexico City and the fourth electoral region in the LXIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress from 2015 to 2018. Maldonado also was the national president of the Convergencia political party.

Maldonado died in Mexico City on April 30, 2019 from problems caused by surgery at the age of 62.

English Landing Park

English Landing Park is along the Missouri River in Parkville, Missouri, United States. There is a set of train tracks that runs along the park. It has a jogging/biking trail, several shelters for picnics, a soccer field, a baseball diamond, volleyball courts, two playgrounds and a nine-hole Frisbee golf course. 

The area of English Landing Park was bought in 1838. The Power Plant Restaurant, which sits right next to the railroad tracks at the entrance to the park, was built in the mid-19th century as a coal-fired twin-boiler power plant that fed the entire city. The park later became a civil war port for the slave trade. 

Parkville was not a Civil War battlefield, but there was still mass genocide as numerous slaves tried desperately to escape across the river into Free Kansas. These slaves were buried in three large unmarked cemeteries. After the Civil War, the port was abandoned and the area slowly changed from a bustling city to what is Parkville.

The park includes the historic Bridge, built 1898 which spanned Linn Branch Creek.

During the Great Flood of 1993, the park and most of Downtown Parkville were submerged under more than 15 feet of water.

On May 4, 2003, English Landing Park narrowly missed an EF1 tornado that came across the river and cut damage paralleling the railroad tracks before crossing 9 Highway.

In May 2007, the Missouri River flooded the entire park with less than 3 feet of water. The river receded approximately a week later. Also in 2007, the Power Plant Restaurant's neglected smokestack had to be torn down, eradicating an icon of the city's past.
On March 17, 2019, The river flooded up over English Landing Park all the way to the train tracks before retreating a few days later. No buildings were damaged but playground equipment and structures at the dog park were damaged and lost. Also, a bridge that goes over the Linn branch creek collapsed. 

Eldon Bargewell

Major General Eldon A. Bargewell (August 13, 1947 – April 29, 2019) was an American army general. He was Commander of Delta Force from 1996 to 1998. Bargewell was born in Hoquiam, Washington. He served in the Vietnam War, Gulf War, Operation Just Cause, Operation Acid Gambit and in War in Afghanistan.

Bargewell was killed after his lawnmower crushed him on April 29, 2019 at his home in Eufaula, Alabama at the age of 71.

Hoquiam, Washington

Hoquiam ( ) is a city in Grays Harbor County, Washington, United States. The population was 8,726 at the 2010 Census. Its name comes from a Native-American word meaning "hungry for wood".

Dinko Dermendzhiev

Dinko Tsvetkov Dermendzhiev (; 2 June 1941 – 1 May 2019) was a Bulgarian football player and manager.

Dermendzhiev played his all of his club career for Botev Plovdiv. He played as a forward between 1959 and 1978. He also played for Bulgaria from 1962 to 1977. He played for his country 58 times, scoring 19 goals. He was in the squad for Bulgaria at three FIFA World Cups (1962, 1966 and 1970).

Dermendzhiev later became a football manager. He was in charge of Botev Plovdiv, Levski Sofia, Lokomotiv Plovdiv, as well as many other teams. He last managed in 2001.

Dermendzhiev died of problems caused by a stroke on 1 May 2019. He was 77.

Watford City, North Dakota

Watford City is a city in North Dakota, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,207 people lived there. It is the county seat of McKenzie County.

Caroline Bittencourt

Caroline Bittencourt (13 December 1981 – 28 April 2019) was a Brazilian model and television presenter. In 1997, she started her modelling career at the age of 15. She lived in Italy for a time and worked for fashion houses such as Valentino and Roberto Cavalli. She later worked on television for RedeTV!, as a reporter for the "Top Report" program, and on RecordTV's "Hoje em Dia". She was born in São Paulo.

On 28 April 2019, Bittencourt died by drowning during a boat trip off the coast of Ilhabela, São Paulo state. She was 37.

Luciano Comaschi

Luciano Comaschi (3 July 1931 – 30 April 2019) was an Italian football and manager. He played as a full back. He played for Brescia and Napoli. He also played for Italy at youth international level. He was born in Montichiari.

Comaschi died in Rome on 30 April 2019, at the age of 87.


Scotts Corner, California

Scotts Corner is a unincorporated community in Alameda County, California. It is 79 meters above sea level. It is on Interstate 680, about 1.65 kilometers southeast of Sunol.

Taylor Hawkins

Oliver Taylor Hawkins (February 17, 1972 – March 25, 2022) was an American musician, best known as the drummer and occasional lead singer of the rock band the Foo Fighters.

Prior to joining the band in 1997, he was the touring drummer for Alanis Morissette as well as the drummer in a progressive experimental band called Sylvia. In 2004, Hawkins formed his own side project, Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders, in which he plays drums and sings. He was voted "Best Rock Drummer" in 2005 by the UK drumming magazine "Rhythm".

On March 25, 2022, Hawkins was found dead in his hotel room at the Casa Medina hotel in Bogotá, Colombia at the age of 50. Shortly before his death, Hawkins said his chest began to hurt and hotel staff called medical officials. No cause of death was announced. The band was on tour in South America when he died. The next day, opioids, benzodiazepines, antidepressants and tetrahydrocannabinol were found in his system.






Cultural Materialism

Cultural Materialism is a way to understand why and how societies change. It grew in popularity by Marvin Harris in 1968 through his book The Rise of Anthropological Theory. It brings together many different ideas such as Marxism, cultural evolution, and cultural ecology. 

In order to understand societies as a cultural materialist, you need to first divide up societies into three parts: infrastructure, structure, and superstructure. 

Infrastructure provides the footing for the following parts, providing basic needs for the society.

Structure, is the well being of a society’s political, social, economic organizations.

Superstructure is the way ideas are used within symbols in a society.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Dresser, California

Dresser is a unincorporated community in Alameda County, California. It is in Niles Canyon, along State Route 84. It is 32 meters above sea level. California Pressed Brick Company was in Dresser. Now the factory is ruins.

Japanese Canadians

Japanese Canadians are Canadian citizens of Japanese ancestry.

Sweet but Psycho

"Sweet but Psycho" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Ava Max. It was released on August 17, 2018. Max wrote the song with Madison Love, William Lobban Bean, Andreas Andersen Haukeland, and its producer, Cirkut (known for his work with artists like Katy Perry).

The song has been successful worldwide, reaching number one in the UK, Switzerland, Norway, Finland, and Germany and the top ten in the US.

Australian Canadians

Australian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Australian descent or Australian-born people who resides in Canada.

Portuguese Canadians

Portuguese Canadians are Canadian citizens of Portuguese ancestry.

Black Canadians

Black Canadians is a designation used for all black people who are citizens or permanent residents in Canada.

Gliese 832c

Gliese 832c is a extrasolar planet that goes around the red dwarf Gliese 832. It is found about 16 light years from Earth in the Grus constellation. It has 5.4 times the mass of Earth, and has a radius of 1.5 times Earth's radius. The planet is thought to be on the hot edge habitable zone: the part of the habitable zone closest to the star.

Gliese 832c is thought to lie in the habitable zone, which is the zone around a star where water can be liquid. However, it may not be hospitable to life as we know it. While it gets about as much sunlight as Earth does, the planet is probably tidally locked, This means that one side of the planet is always facing the star. This would mean that the day side of the planet is extremely hot, while the dark side is cold. Between the day and night zones, life might be able to exist.

Jamaican Canadians

Jamaican Canadians are Canadian citizens of Jamaican descent or Jamaican-born permanent residents of Canada.

American Canadians

American Canadians are Canadian citizens of American descent, or Canadians who identify to some extent with American society.

Howie Hawkins 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Howie Hawkins, both the co-founder of the Green Party and its three time gubernatorial candidate of New York, was informally launched on April 3, 2019. Hawkins announced the formation of an exploratory committee to seek the Green Party nomination for the presidency of the United States in the 2020 presidential election.

On May 28, 2019, Hawkins officially announced his campaign's launch. In June 2020, he became the presumptive nominee for the Green Party nomination.

Adam Kokesh 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Adam Kokesh was announced on July 18, 2013, making Kokesh the first Libertarian to enter in the race for the 2020 United States presidential election.

The Fall 2017 "Taxation Is Theft" national tour was a preparation period where Kokesh championed his voluntaryist platform of "Nobody for President!"

On January 16, 2018 Kokesh officially filed the papers for his presidential campaign. Later the same day, he was pulled over by Texas police twice, and was arrested the second time. Kokesh was released on January 25.

John McAfee 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of John McAfee, anti-virus software pioneer and cryptocurrency investor, was formally launched on June 3, 2018. 

McAfee announced on June 3, 2018 via Twitter that he would run for President of the United States again in 2020, either with the Libertarian Party or under a party of his own creation. McAfee insisted that he did not want to be president, and that his primary goal in running for office was to raise awareness of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. 

On January 3, 2019, McAfee revealed on Twitter that he had not paid federal income taxes for eight years, claiming that the income tax was illegal. On January 22, McAfee announced via Twitter that he would be continuing his campaign "in exile", following reports that he, his wife, and four of his campaign staff were being indicted for tax-related felonies by the IRS. 

McAfee said that he was in "international waters", and had tweeted that he was on his way to Venezuela. 

Arvi Parbo

Sir Arvi Hillar Parbo (10 February 1926 – 1 May 2019) was an Estonian-born Australian business executive. He was the chairman of three of Australia's largest companies at the same time. Parbo was born in Tallinn, Estonia.

Parbo joined Western Mining Corporation in 1956 and over the next 12 years held the positions of Underground Surveyor, Underground Manager, Technical Assistant to the managing director, and Deputy General Superintendent. He was appointed General Manager in 1968 and became a Director in 1970. In 1974, Parbo was appointed chairman and managing director of Western Mining Corporation.

Parbo died in Melbourne on 1 May 2019, aged 93.


Dunaden

Dunaden (26 February 2006 – 30 April 2019) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. He was trained in France. In his 46 races, he won 10 and was placed in the top three 19 times. He won the 2011 Melbourne Cup, ridden by French jockey Christophe Lemaire and trained by Mikel Delzangles.

Other major wins by Dunaden include Prix de Barbeville (2011), Geelong Cup (2011), Hong Kong Vase (2011) and Caulfield Cup (2012).

Dunaden was retired in 2015. On 30 April 2019, he died after a paddock accident at Overbury Stud in England.

Alexis Ohanian

Alexis Kerry Ohanian (born April 24, 1983) is an American Internet entrepreneur and investor. He is best known as the co-founder and executive chairman of the social news website Reddit.

Qaem Shahr

Qaem Shahr (; also known as Qā’em Shahr) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Qaem Shahr County in the Mazandaran Province. The city had a population of 204,953 people in 2016.

Before the Iranian revolution, the city was known as Shāhi (or Ŝâhi). 



Micha Lindenstrauss

Micha Lindenstrauss (‎; 28 June 1937 – 2 May 2019) was a German-born Israeli judge. He was born in Berlin, but moved to Israel before World War II. Lindenstrauss was the State Comptroller between 2005 and 2012. In the Israel Defense Forces, he was a military prosecutor, and later, as a judge in a military tribunal.

Lindenstrauss died on 2 May 2019 at the age of 82.

Filipino Americans

Filipino Americans are people with Filipino ethnicity who are citizens, nationals, or residents of the United States.

Master Hirannaiah

Hirannaiah or Hirannayya known by his stage name Master Hirannaiah (15 February 1934 – 2 May 2019) was an Indian movie actor. His best known roles include "...Re" (2016), "Care of Footpath 2" (2015) and "No. 73, Shanthi Nivasa" (2007). He was mainly a theatre actor. He was born in Mysore, Karnataka.

Hurannaiah died on 2 May 2019 at a hospital in Bengaluru, Karnataka of problems caused by liver disease, aged 85.

Italian Canadians

Italian Canadians comprise Canadians who have full or partial Italian heritage and Italians who migrated from Italy or reside in Canada.

Su Yu-chang

Su Yu-chang (; – ) was a Chinese martial artist, scholar and physician. He spent his life teaching Kung Fu, traditional Chinese philosophy and medicine all over the world. He was born in Dongshan, Taiwan.

Su died at a hospital in La Palma, Canary Islands, Spain on 29 April 2019, aged 78.


Alessandra Panaro

Alessandra Panaro (14 December 1939 – 1 May 2019) was an Italian movie actress active from late 1950s and early 1960s. She was born in Rome. Her best known role was in Dino Risi's comedy "Poveri ma belli" in 1959 and Luchino Visconti's crime drama "Rocco e i suoi fratelli" in 1960. 

Panaro died at a hospital in Geneva, Switzerland on 1 May 2019, aged 79.

German Canadians

German Canadians are Canadian citizens of ethnic German ancestry.

Dino Risi

Dino Risi (23 December 1917 – 7 June 2008) was an Italian movie director. He was thought to have been the greatest comedic movie director in Italy.

His best known works were "Poor, But Handsome (Poveri ma belli)", followed by two sequels, which he also directed; "A Difficult Life (Una vita difficile"); "The Easy Life (Il sorpasso)"; "Opiate '67" or, in a cut version, "15 From Rome (I Mostri)"; and "Scent Of A Woman (Profumo di Donna)".

Marisa Allasio

Countess Marisa Allasio (born Maria Luisa Lucia Allasio; 14 July 1934) is a retired Italian actress. She appeared in nearly 20 movies between 1952 and 1957. She was born in Turin, Piedmont. She retired from acting in 1957 after marrying Count Pier Francesco Calvi di Bergolo. Allasio was known for her lead role in Dino Risi's comedy "Poveri ma belli" in 1957.

American Jews

American Jews, or Jewish Americans, are Americans who are Jews, whether by religion or ethnicity.

Rafael Hernández Colón

Rafael Hernández Colón (October 24, 1936 – May 2, 2019) was a Puerto Rican politician. He was the Governor of Puerto Rico from 1973 to 1977 and again from 1985 to 1993 for a total of three terms.

Hernández Colón was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia in December 2018. He died on May 2, 2019 in the Old San Juan neighborhood of San Juan, Puerto Rico of the disease at the age of 82.

Governor of Puerto Rico

The Governor of Puerto Rico () is the head of government of Puerto Rico. It is the executive branch of the government of the island. He is also the commander-in-chief of the island's military forces, the Puerto Rico National Guard. 

Since 1949, the governor has been elected by the people of Puerto Rico. Before that date, the governor was appointed either by the King of Spain (1510-1898) or by the President of the United States (1898-1946).

Michel Crauste

Michel Crauste (July 6, 1934 – May 2, 2019) was a French international rugby union player. He played as a flanker and Number 8 for Racing Club de France and FC Lourdes. He was born in Saint-Laurent-de-Gosse, France.

Crauste died on May 2, 2019 at the age of 84.

Nordic and Scandinavian Canadians

Scandinavian Canadians are Canadian citizens with ancestral roots in Scandinavia. They generally include:


Swedish Canadians

Swedish Canadians are Canadian citizens of Swedish ancestry or Swedes who emigrated to and reside in Canada.

Norwegian Canadians

Norwegian Canadians are Canadian citizens who identify themselves as being of full or partial Norwegian ancestry, or emigrated from Norway or reside in Canada.

Czech Canadians

Czech Canadians are Canadian citizens of Czech ancestry or Czech Republic-born people who reside in Canada.

Swiss Canadians

Swiss Canadians are Canadian citizens of Swiss ancestry or people who emigrated from Switzerland and reside in Canada.

Campbell County, Wyoming

Campbell County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 United States Census, 47,026 people lived there, which makes it the third-most populous county in Wyoming. Its county seat is Gillette.





God Save Our Solomon Islands

"God Save Our Solomon Islands" () is the national anthem of the Solomon Islands. It has been the anthem since the country's independence from the United Kingdom in 1978. The lyrics (words) were written by Matila Balekana and her husband Panapasa Balekana, who also composed the music.


Sebastopol, California

Sebastopol is a town in Sonoma County, California. At the 2020 census, 7,521 people lived there. The first people lived here in the 1850s, and it became a true city in 1902.

Mars Orbiter Mission

The Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) is a space probe that has been orbiting Mars since 24 September 2014. It was launched on 5 November 2013 by the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). It is India's first interplanetary mission. India is both the first Asian nation to reach Mars orbit and the first nation to reach Mars on its first try. Another name for the probe is Mangalyaan.

The main goal of the mission is to develop the technologies needed for interplanetary missions. The other goal is to explore Mars' surface, rocks, and atmosphere. Scientists want to know how much CO and methane is in the atmosphere of Mars. They also want to know how the solar wind and radiation affect Mars. Scientists also want to learn more about Mars's moons, Phobos and Deimos.


Zadie Smith

Zadie Smith FRSL (born 25 October 1975) is a contemporary English novelist, essayist, and short-story writer. Her first novel was called "White Teeth". It immediately became a best-seller and won awards. Her most recent book is "Feel Free" (2018). It is a collection of essays. She has been a tenured professor in the Creative Writing faculty of New York University since September 2010.

Smith was born Sadie Smith in Willesden in the north-west London borough of Brent. Her mother was Yvonne Bailey and her father was Harvey Smith. Bailey is Jamaican and Smith is English At the age of 14, she changed her name to Zadie.

Smith's mother grew up in Jamaica, and emigrated to England in 1969. Smith's parents divorced when she was a teenager. She has a half-sister, a half-brother, and two younger brothers (one is the rapper and stand-up comedian Doc Brown, and the other is the rapper Luc Skyz). As a child, Smith liked tap dancing. As a teenager, she considered a career in musical theatre. When she was a university student, Smith earned money as a jazz singer. She also wanted to become a journalist. Despite earlier ambitions, literature became her main interest.

Smith attended the local state schools, Malorees Junior School and Hampstead Comprehensive School. She then studied English literature atKing's College, Cambridge. She did not leave Cambridge with a double First. She got a Third on her Part Ones.

The popular British comedy double act Mitchell and Webb may have rejected Smith from the Cambridge Footlights in the 1990s.

At Cambridge, Smith published a number of short stories in a collection of new student writing called "The Mays Anthology". A publisher liked the stories and offered her a contract for her first novel. Smith contacted a literary agent, and A. P. Watt represented her. Smith returned to guest-edit the anthology in 2001.

Smith's first novel "White Teeth" was introduced to the publishing world in 1997, before it was completed. Publishers saw part of the manuscript and an auction for the rights started. Hamish Hamilton won. Smith completed "White Teeth" during her final year at Cambridge. It was published in 2000. The novel immediately became a best-seller. It was praised internationally and won awards, including: the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, and the Betty Trask Award. The novel was adapted for television in 2002. Smith was writer-in-residence at the ICA in London and later published, as editor, an anthology of sex writing, "Piece of Flesh", as the main work of this job.

In interviews, Smith reported that all the attention around her first novel had caused her to suffer briefly from writer's block. But, her second novel, "The Autograph Man", was published in 2002 and was a commercial success. Critics did not like it as much as "White Teeth".

After the publication of "The Autograph Man", Smith visited the United States as a Fellow of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University.

Smith's third novel, "On Beauty", was published in September 2005. The story happens mostly in and around Greater Boston. It received better reviews than "The Autograph Man": it was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize, and won the 2006 Orange Prize for Fiction and the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award.

Also in 2005, Smith published "Martha and Hanwell". This book combines two short stories about two troubled characters. The stories had been published first in "Granta" and "The New Yorker". Penguin published "Martha and Hanwell" with a new introduction by the author as part of their pocket series to celebrate their 70th birthday. The first story, "Martha, Martha", is about Smith's familiar themes of race and postcolonial identity. "Hanwell in Hell" is about a man in trouble trying to understand the death of his wife. In December 2008 she guest-edited the BBC Radio 4 "Today" programme.

After teaching fiction at Columbia University School of the Arts, Smith joined New York University as a tenured professor of fiction in 2010.

Smith's novel "NW" was published in 2012. The story happens in the Kilburn area of north-west London. So, the title comes from the local postcode, NW6. "NW" was shortlisted for the Royal Society of Literature's Ondaatje Prize and the Women's Prize for Fiction. "NW" was made into a BBC television film directed by Saul Dibb and adapted by Rachel Bennette. Starring Nikki Amuka-Bird and Phoebe Fox, it was broadcast on BBC Two on 14 November 2016.

Smith's fifth novel, "Swing Time", was published in November 2016. It was long-listed for the Man Booker Prize 2017.

Between March and October 2011, Smith was the monthly New Books reviewer for "Harper's Magazine". She often writes for "The New York Review of Books". In 2010, "The Guardian" newspaper asked Smith for her "10 rules for writing fiction".

Smith met Nick Laird at Cambridge University. They married in 2004 in the Chapel of King's College, Cambridge. Smith dedicated "On Beauty" to "my dear Laird". She also uses his name in "White Teeth": "An' all the good-lookin' men, all the "rides" like your man Nicky Laird, they're all dead."

The couple lived in Rome, Italy, from November 2006 to 2007. They now live in New York City and Queen's Park, London. They have two children, Katherine (Kit) and Harvey (Hal).





She was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 2002. In a 2004 In a BBC poll, cultural researchers named Smith in the top twenty most influential people in British culture.

In 2003, she was included on "Granta's" list of 20 best young authors, and was also included in the 2013 list. She joined New York University's Creative Writing Program as a tenured professor on 1 September 2010. Smith has won the Orange Prize for Fiction. and the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award in 2006 Her novel "White Teeth" was included in "Time" magazine's list of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005. 



Red Kelly

Leonard Patrick "Red" Kelly (July 9, 1927 – May 2, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Toronto Maple Leafs. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) between 1947 and 1967, as a defenceman and centre. He played on more Stanley Cup-winning teams (eight) than any other player who never played for the Montreal Canadiens. Jean Beliveau (10) and Henri Richard (11) won more with the Canadiens. He also served as a Liberal member of parliament for York West from 1962 to 1965. During his time in office, he was a Toronto Maple Leafs player. In 2001, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada. In 2017, Kelly was named one of the "100 Greatest NHL Players" in history.

Kelly was born in Simcoe, Ontario. He married his wife Andra Carol McLaughlin in 1959. He died on May 2, 2019 in Toronto, at the age of 91.

Viggo Fossum

Viggo Fossum (4 December 1949 – 23 April 2019) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway for Troms 2009 to 2013. He also served as mayor of Målselv from 2003 to 2011. Outside of politics, he was a school principal.

Fossum died on 23 April 2019, at the age of 69.

Radha Krishn

Radha krishn is an Indian mythological TV serial on Star Bharat. The show is produced by Siddharth Kumar Tewary.

Songbird (Oasis song)

"Songbird" is a song by English rock band Oasis, from their fifth studio album Heathen Chemistry, and is the first single by Oasis written by vocalist Liam Gallagher.

Liam has said of the song: "I like beautiful things . . . It's not all dark in Liam World. I take me shades off every now and again and have a look at the world and see some nice things." Noel Gallagher stated jokingly in an interview with Patrick Kielty that Liam decided to "write a song about his bird", and states the title "Song . . . bird" in a cave man like manner. The song was written as a tribute to then-fiancée Nicole Appleton. "Songbird" was composed in the key of G major using common time at 132 beats per minute.

“Songbird blew my head off when I first heard it because it was that f--king simple and that direct. But when Liam plays you a song he wants you to instantly f--king drop dead on the spot and then, when you come around, stab yourself in the heart and be in awe of the f--king sonic ability of the man.”

The song was released as the fourth single from the band's Heathen Chemistry album, on 3 February 2003 and peaked at number 3 in the UK charts. It is included on the band's compilation album Stop the Clocks. Being written by lead singer Liam Gallagher, it was the first time the band had released a single not written by his brother Noel. "(You've Got) The Heart of the Star" and "Columbia" are B-sides, the latter of which was recorded live at the Glasgow Barrowlands, in October 2001.

The demo of the song is a typical Oasis approach to the song, featuring overdriven guitar and a stronger beat, as well as a guitar solo. Courtney Love has said that she and Liam played a version with her whistling and Gallagher playing guitar and singing, this was noted in the book Kurt and Courtney: Talking. Gallagher played the song for UK Radio Aid in January 2005.

Scott W. Sloan

Scott William Sloan (2 July 1954 – 23 April 2019) was an Australian civil engineer and academic. He was noted for his work in the fields of geotechnical engineering and computational geomechanics. He was Professor of Civil Engineering at the University of Newcastle. In July 2015, he was named as a Fellow of the Royal Society. In January 2018, Sloan was made an Officer of the Order of Australia. He was born in Mildura, Victoria.

Sloan died on 23 April 2019, at the age of 64.

RadhaKrishn

Radhakrishn is Indian mythological television series. It is produced by Siddharth Kumar Tiwari, Rahul Kumar Tiwari and Gayatri Gill Tiwari. Which is produced by under his own production banner Swastik Productions and is directed by Rahul Tiwari. It is broadcast on Star Bharat from 1 October 2018.


Marble, Minnesota

Marble is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 610.

Chris Reccardi

Christopher Reccardi (November 24, 1964 – May 2, 2019) was an American cartoon director, animator, storyboard artist and writer. He is best known for his work on "The Ren & Stimpy Show". He also worked on many other animated series including "The Powerpuff Girls", "Chowder", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "The Modifyers", "Samurai Jack", "Tiny Toon Adventures", "Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!", "Regular Show", "Secret Mountain Fort Awesome" and "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack". 

Reccardi was born in New York City. He married his wife, Canadian animator Lynne Naylor, in 1994. He died of a heart attack in Ventura, California on May 2, 2019. He was 54.


Roseville, California

Roseville is a city in Placer County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 147,773.

Kenny Loggins

Kenneth Clark Loggins (born January 7, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.

Loggins was born in Everett, Washington. 

He first became well-known in the 1970s as one half of the rock-pop duo Loggins and Messina with Jim Messina. In the 1980s, Loggins became known for his songs, many of which were hits, for movie soundtracks. He famously sung "Danger Zone" (peaked at #2 in the U.S.) and "Playing with the Boys" from "Top Gun" (1986) and "Footloose" (#1 in the U.S., Australia, Canada, New Zealand and South Africa) and "I'm Free (Heaven Helps the Man)" from "Footloose" (1984). For "Footloose", he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. He also performed the songs "I'm Alright" (peaked at #7 in the U.S.), "Mr. Night" and "Lead the Way" from "Caddyshack" (1980), and "Meet Me Half Way" from "Over the Top" (1987).

Loggins wrote the song "What a Fool Believes" with Michael McDonald. The single was performed by the Doobie Brothers, reaching #1 in the U.S. and Canada in 1979. In 1981, he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for his song "This Is It". He was also a member of USA for Africa, singing on the 1985 fundraising single "We Are the World".

Loggins voiced himself, the host of Los Santos Rock Radio, in the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V". He has also had guest appearances in the animated series "Archer" and "Family Guy".

He was married to Eva Ein from 1978 to 1990. The couple had three children, Crosby (born 1980), Cody (born 1983) and Isabella (born 1988). He was married to Julia Cooper from 1992 to 2004. They have two children, Lukas (born 1993) and Hana (born 1997).



Boyd, Texas

Boyd is a town in Wise County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1,416.

Fatimih Dávila

Fatimih Dávila Sosa (1 February 1988 – 2 May 2019) was a Uruguayan model. She was the winner of Miss Uruguay beauty pageant in 2006. As the winner, she represented her country at the Miss Universe 2006 in Los Angeles, California, United States. She was a semi-finalist at Miss Model of the World 2006. She also competed at Reina Sudamericana in 2006, and Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She was born in Punta del Este.

On 2 May 2019, Dávila was found dead at a hotel in Colonia Nápoles, Mexico City. She was reportedly murdered.

Lord Toby Jug

Lord Toby Jug (born Brian Borthwick; 1965 – 2 May 2019) was a British politician. He was the leader of the Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire branch of the Official Monster Raving Loony Party. He also served as the party's media officer and a likely parliamentary candidate. He was removed from the Loony Party in 2014. After this, he founded the Eccentric Party of Great Britain in 2015. He was born in West Ham, London.

Jug died on 2 May 2019, at the age of 53.

List of The Game episodes

The list of episodes for The CW/BET sitcom "The Game". A total of 147 episodes aired over nine seasons.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

On April 12, 2011, it was announced that "The Game" was renewed for a fifth season, consisting 22 episodes. It was announced on the 2011 BET Awards Pre-show that it will begin in January 2012. This is Tia Mowry-Hardrict’s last season to appear and returns in the series finale.

Clarice Phelps

Clarice E. Phelps (originally Salone) is an American scientist who works at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. She was a member of the team that discovered element 117, tennessine. She is the first African-American woman to be involved with the discovery of an element. At Oak Ridge, Phelps serves as the program manager responsible for isotopes with industry uses. She also studies the treatment of radioactive "super heavy" elements like plutonium-238 and researches medical use isotopes.

Phelps was part of the Tennessee Aquatic Project and Development Group (TAP), which is a nonprofit organization for youth. Phelps earned a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from Tennessee State University in 2003.

At the U.S. Navy, she worked in areas like nuclear power, reactor theory, and thermodynamics. In the Navy, she lived and worked on board an aircraft carrier (a large military ship that carries airplanes) called the USS Ronald Reagan. She helped maintain the two nuclear reactors on the ship.

In 2009, Phelps joined the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. They use Oak Ridge's nuclear reactors to learn about different kinds of isotopes and how they work.
At Oak Ridge, Phelps was part of the team that helped discover a new element, number 117, called tennessine. Phelps is the first African-American woman to help discover an element.

Element 117 is called tennessine. It is the second-heaviest element that has been discovered. Several laboratories worked together to discover tennessine. They discovered tennessine by creating it in a nuclear reactor. Scientists created tennessine by shooting calcium isotopes at berkelium isotopes. The two isotopes joined together–called nuclear fusion–and created a new element, tennessine.

Berkelium is one of the most dangerous and radioactive elements. Oak Ridge was the only place in the world where berkelium could be made for the experiment (test). After the berkelium was made, it had to be purified (cleaned) to make it ready for the experiment. Berkelium has a half-life of only 310 days. This means that after 310 days, half of the berkelium will disappear because of radioactive decay. Oak Ridge could only make a small amount of berkelium (less than 30 milligrams). They had to work fast to purify it before it was lost because of radioactive decay.

Phelps and two of her co-workers worked for three months to purify the berkelium. They did it and only lost less than one milligram of berkelium. Phelps called the purification a tedious process that involved many steps. After they were done, they sent the very pure berkelium to another laboratory in Dubna, Russia, called the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research (JINR). There, scientists fused the berkelium with calcium to create tennessine. They named the new element "tennessine" after Tennessee, the US state where Oak Ridge resides.

In 2013, Phelps became the manager of Oak Ridge's programs that make the isotopes nickel-63 and selenium-75. She has also studied isotopes of plutonium and neptunium, which are used by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to power spaceships. Phelps also studies isotopes that are used for medical research and treatments, like actinium, lanthanum, europium, and samarium. Phelps has studied electrodeposition with californium-252 for the Californium Rare Isotope Breeder Upgrade project (CARIBU). Oak Ridge makes most of the world's californium, which is used in cancer treatments.

In 2017, Phelps won the YWCA Knoxville Tribute to Women Technology, Research, and Innovation Award. This award recognizes "local women who lead their fields in technology and excel in community service". Phelps is a member of the American Chemical Society. Phelps helped start a program to teach robotics, drones, circuitry, and coding to inner city high school students in Knoxville, TN. In 2019, Phelps was featured in the IUPAC Periodic Table of Younger Chemists "for her outstanding commitment to research and public engagement, as well as being an important advocate for diversity."

Phelps' contribution to the discovery of Element 117 was the subject of controversy after her article was twice deleted after discussion from the English Wikipedia.


Endeavour Award

The Endeavour Award is a prize for a science fiction or fantasy book written by an author from the Pacific Northwest. It is given each year in November at OryCon in Portland, Oregon. The award is for books published the year before.

The Endeavour Award started in 1999. The name comes from Northwest explorer Captain James Cook's ship HM Bark "Endeavour". A group of Portland area writers and readers of science fiction and fantasy collected money to support the award in 1996. It is managed by Oregon Science Fiction Conventions, Inc. (OSFCI) tax-exempt non-profit corporation.


Grappes Bluff, Louisiana

Grappes Bluff is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, in the United States.

Arne Sorenson

Arne Morris Sorenson (October 13, 1958 – February 15, 2021) was a Japanese-born American hotel executive. He was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Marriott International. He was born in Tokyo. He studied at the University of Minnesota.

Sorenson became the head of the largest publicly traded hotel chain in the world on March 31, 2012. He had been a director for Wal-Mart, and was the Chief Operating Officer for Marriott.

In May 2019, Sorenson was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease on February 15, 2021 at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland at the age of 62.

Jack Young (politician)

Bernard C. "Jack" Young (born June 26, 1954) is an American Democratic politician. He was the mayor of Baltimore, Maryland from 2019 until 2020. Young was elected to the Baltimore City Council in 1996 representing Baltimore's second district. 

In 2010, Young became City Council President following Stephanie Rawlings-Blake taking over as mayor. On April 2, 2019, Young was named acting mayor during the leave of absence by Mayor Catherine E. Pugh. Following Pugh's resignation on May 2, 2019, Young was fully made mayor of the city. 

Young expressed an interest in running for his prior seat as Council President once his term as Mayor ends in December 2020.

Angela Sarafyan

Angela Sarafyan (; June 30, 1983) is an Armenian-American actress. She is sometimes known as Angela Sarafian. She played Clementine Pennyfeather on the HBO series "Westworld". 

Prospero Nograles

Prospero Castillo Nograles (October 30, 1947 – May 4, 2019) was a Filipino politician. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2008 to 2010. He was the first ever elected Speaker from Mindanao in a hundred years in Philippine legislative history. 

Nograles had been elected to five terms as a member of the House of Representatives, representing the 1st District of Davao City from 1989 to 1992, 1995 to 1998 and again from 2001 to 2010.

Nograles died on May 4, 2019 in Davao City at the age of 71. He died of respiratory failure caused by pneumonia.

Sylvain Sylvain

Sylvain Mizrahi (February 14, 1951 – January 13, 2021), better known as Sylvain Sylvain, was an American rock musician. He is most notable for being a member of the New York Dolls. He was a guitarist and pianist for the group. He was a member from 1971 to 1976. He had a solo career after the band split up for the first time. From 2004 to 2011, the New York Dolls' surviving members regrouped.

Sylvain was born in Cairo, Egypt to a Jewish family. In the 1950s, his family fled Egypt to live in France, before moving to the U.S. state of New York. 

In April 2019, Sylvain made it known to the public that he had bladder cancer. He died from the disease on January 13, 2021 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 69.


Mills Lane

Mills Bee Lane III (born November 12, 1937- 6 December 2022) was an American boxing referee and professional boxer. He was also a Nevada District Court Judge for a two-terms and a television personality. 

Lane played the referee on MTV's "Celebrity Deathmatch" until 2002.

Some sources say he was born in 1936. Others say he was born in 1937.

The Power of Love (song)

"The Power of Love" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Jennifer Rush in 1984. It was later covered by Laura Branigan, Air Supply and Celine Dion.

Rush's version hit #1 in the United Kingdom. However, it only peaked at #57 in the United States.

Dion's version hit #1 in the United States, Canada and Australia in 1994. The song then became a pop standard. It won an ASCAP Pop Award for Most Performed Song in the United States.

Ali Mroudjaé

Ali Mroudjaé (2 August 1939 – 2 May 2019) was a Comorian politician. He served as the Foreign Minister of the Comoros from 1978 to 1982. He served as the nation's Prime Minister from 1982 to 1984. He was a member of the political party Comorian Union for Progress.

Mroudjaé died after a long illness on 2 May 2019 in Moroni. He was 79.
Ali Mroudjae was born on August 2, 1939 in the district of Iroungoudjani in Moroni.

Ali Mroudjaé attended the École normale supérieure des lettres et sciences humaines de Lyon. After a coup by Bob Denard (1929-2007), Ahmed Abdallah presented to the government the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ali Mroudjaé in 1978. In this post, he worked until 8 February 1982 as a member of the Prime Minister of the Comorian Union for Progress. He held this position until 31 December 1984. In 2002, he ran again in the elections but only reached 4.2%.

Mroudjaé died after a long illness on 2 May 2019 in Moroni. He was 79.

Issa J. Boullata

Issa J. Boullata (‎; February 25, 1929 – May 1, 2019) was a Palestinian scholar and writer. He was noted for his translation of Arabic writing. He was professor of Arabic literature and language at Hartford Theological Seminary (Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.) from 1968 to 1975, and McGill University (Montreal, Quebec, Canada) from 1975 to 1999. He was a two-time winner of the Arabic Translation Award by the University of Arkansas Press in 1993 and 1997.

Boullata was born in Jerusalem. He was a Palestinian Arab and Orthodox Christian. He was married to Marita Seward. The couple had three children. Boullata died on May 4, 2019 in Montreal, at the age of 90.

Terje Moe Gustavsen

Terje Moe Gustavsen (20 October 1954 – 4 May 2019) was a Norwegian politician and civil servant. He was a member of the Labour Party. He served as Minister of Transport and Communications from 2000 to 2001. He became the director of the Norwegian Public Roads Administration () in 2007. He served this role until his death in 2019. He was born in Larvik.

Gustavsen died of a lung infection on 4 May 2019, at the age of 64.

Rachel Held Evans

Rachel Grace Held Evans (June 8, 1981 – May 4, 2019) was an American Christian columnist, blogger and author. Her book, "A Year of Biblical Womanhood" (2012), was on "The New York Times" e-book non-fiction best-seller list. She also wrote for "The Washington Post" and "Vox". In total, she had four books published.
Evans was born in Alabama, and grew up in Birmingham. She moved to Dayton, Tennessee as a teenager. She was married to Dan Evans. The couple had two children.

In April 2019, Evans was put into a coma due to an infection. She died on May 4, 2019 in Nashville, Tennessee. She was 37.

Dayton, Tennessee

Dayton is a city and county seat in Rhea County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 7,065.

Bodega, California

Bodega is a census-designated place in Sonoma County, California. It is found 6.68 kilometers east of Bodega Bay, and lies 36 meters above sea level. At the 2020 census, 211 people lived there.

 

Valley Ford, California

Valley Ford is a census-designated place and a unincorporated community in Sonoma County, California. It lies along California State Route 1 about 11 kilometers east of Bodega Bay, and lies 16 meters above sea level. At the 2020 census, 148 people lived there.

Goro Shimura

He was known for developing the theory of complex multiplication of abelian varieties and Shimura varieties, as well as the Taniyama–Shimura conjecture which led to the proof of Fermat's Last Theorem.

Shimura died on 3 May 2019 at the age of 89.

Goshen County, Wyoming

Goshen County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 12,498 people lived there. Its county seat is Torrington. It is on the eastern border with Nebraska.






Torrington, Wyoming

Torrington is a city in and the county seat of Goshen County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 6,501 at the 2010 census.

Mirabeau B. Lamar

Mirabeau Buonaparte Lamar (August 16, 1798 – December 19, 1859) was an attorney and politician, poet, diplomat and soldier. He was a leading Texas political figure during the Texas Republic era. He was elected as the second President of the Republic of Texas after Sam Houston.He was president 1839-1841


Carbon County, Wyoming

Carbon County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 14,537 people lived there. Its county seat is Rawlins. Its south border abuts the north line of Colorado. The county was formed in 1868.




Anson Jones

Anson Jones (January 20, 1798 – January 9, 1858) was an American doctor, businessperson and politician. He was the fourth and last President of the Republic of Texas. He was sometimes called the "Architect of Annexation".

On January 9, 1858 Jones shot himself in Houston, Texas at the age of 59.

Tonic water

Tonic water is a kind of soda that tastes slightly bitter. The quinine in tonic water has a bitter flavor. Originally, it was to protect people against malaria. The first drug against malaria was chloroquine, which became available in 1934. The first time tonic water became available was in the 1860s, over 70 years before the first drug. 

Tonic water is often called Indian tonic. People drank it in Africa and Southeast Asia, where malaria was common. At the time, quinine was a powder that was mixed with water or soda water. Because quinine on its own is bitter, sweeteners were often added (usually sugar). Often, it was mixed with liquors. Gin and tonic is the most common. 

Quinine should not be used during pregnancy as it will have an influence on the unborn child. There are also other conditions where quinine (and tonic water) should not be used.

Today, tonic water contains a lot less quinine than before the drug was developed.

Tommy Raudonikis

Tommy Raudonikis (13 April 1950 – 7 April 2021) was an Australian former rugby league player and coach. He played as a halfback. He played for the Western Suburbs Magpies between 1969 and 1979, and the Newtown Jets for two seasons from 1980 to 1982. He also represented both New South Wales and Australia from 1971 to 1980. He later coached the Western Suburbs Magpies and New South Wales in the 1990s.

Raudonikis was born in Bathurst, New South Wales, and grew up in Cowra. His father was Lithuanian and his mother was Swiss.

After years of ill health, Raudonikis died on 7 April 2021 of cancer on the Gold Coast in Queensland. He was 70.


Scott Dureau

Scott Dureau (born 29 July 1986) is an Australian former rugby league player. He played as a goal-kicking halfback. He played for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League (NRL) from 2007 to 2010, and the Catalans Dragons in the Super League from 2011 to 2015. He was also loaned to the Sydney Roosters in 2014.

Dureau was born in Taree, New South Wales. Dureau was first told he had brain cancer in 2014. After being cured of the disease, he was told in 2018 that his cancer had returned.


Loleta, California

Loleta is a census-designated place in Humboldt County, California. At the 2020 census, 828 people lived there. The town 14 meters above sea level and 24 kilometers south of Eureka. The Northwestern Pacific Railroad runs through the town, although it is abandoned.

John Herriott

John Herriott (October 20, 1844 – September 24, 1918) was an American politician.

Born in Herriottsville, Pennsylvania, in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, Herriott served in the Union Army during the American Civil War as a member of the 1st Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiment and participated in the Battles of Fredericksburg and Gettysburg. Herriott moved to Iowa where he was in business. Herriott served as Iowa State Treasurer and then Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1902 until 1907, serving under Governor Albert B. Cummins. He died in Des Moines, Iowa.

In 1901 Herriott ran for the Republican nomination for governor of Iowa and came second to last with only 8 delegates against Cummins 860, however he won the Lieutenant Governor nomination after two ballots.

Osmoderma eremita

Osmoderma eremita, or Eremit, is a dark-brown beetle with a glossy surface and has a length of 20 to 40 mm in adult stage. It smells like leather or apricot. The beetle is common in Europe, except for the United Kingdom, Iceland, Ireland, Malta, Portugal, and San Marino. The Eremit lives near old trees in parks, avenues and roadsides. Due to loss of old trees, the beetle has decreased all over its distribution range.


Cantharis fusca

Cantharis fusca is a species of soldier beetle and is coloured red (sometimes orange) and black. This beetle is common in large parts of Europe and is 10mm to 15mm in length. It lives in bushes, edges of forests and meadows. They hunt for small insects.

The larvae have black hairs and also eat small insects. They are very cold-resistant and can be seen crawling on the snow in winter.

Cantharis rufa

Cantharis rufa is a species of soldier beetle and is coloured orange and black. This beetle is common in large parts of Europe and is 10mm to 15mm in length. It lives in bushes, edges of forests and meadows. They hunt for small insects.
It is often mixed up with the beetle named Cantharis fusca.

Frédéric Bartholdi

Frédéric Bartholdi (; 2 August 1834 – 4 October 1904) was a French sculptor. He designed the Statue of Liberty. He was born on 2 August 1834 in Colmar, France. He died on 4 October 1904 in Paris because of tuberculosis, aged 70.

St. Clair, Michigan

St. Clair is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 5,464.

Valentino (fashion designer)

Valentino Clemente Ludovico Garavani (born 11 May 1932), better known as Valentino, is an Italian fashion designer. He is the founder of the fashion house Valentino. His main lines include Valentino, Valentino Garavani, Valentino Roma, and R.E.D. Valentino. He was made a Chevalier (Knight) of the Legion of Honour in 2006 by French President Jacques Chirac. He retired in 2008. He appeared as himself in a small role in the movie "The Devil Wears Prada" (2006).

Valentino was born in Voghera, Lombardy. He has dated both men and women, including actress Marilù Tolo and businessman Giancarlo Giammetti.

Shih Chi-yang

Shih Chi-yang (; 5 May 1935 – 5 May 2019) was a Taiwanese politician. He was a member of the Kuomintang. He served as the Vice Premier of the Republic of China from 1988 to 1993. He was also the Ministry of Justice from 1984 to 1988, and the President of the Judicial Yuan from 1994 to 1999. He was born in Taichū.

Shih died of multiple organ failure on his 84th birthday (5 May 2019) in Sanxia District, New Taipei City.

Marilù Tolo

Marilù Tolo (born 16 January 1944) is an Italian actress and model. She appeared in 64 movies between 1960 and the 1980s. She is best known for her roles in movies such as "Sweet Deceptions" (1960), "Marriage Italian Style" (1964), "The Terror of Rome Against the Son of Hercules" (1964), "Espionage in Lisbon" (1965) and "Django Kill!" (1967). Her last acting role was in 1985.

Tolo was born in Rome. She dated the fashion designer Valentino.

Chiu Chuang-huan

Chiu Chuang-huan (; 25 July 1925 – 1 July 2020) was a Taiwanese politician. He was a member of the Kuomintang. He served as the Vice Premier from 1981 to 1984. He was also Governor of Taiwan Province from 1984 to 1990, and the President of the Examination Yuan from 1993 to 1996. Chiu was born in Taichū.

Chiu died on 1 July 2020 in Taipei from pneumonia-related problems at the age of 94.

Guido van den Berg

Guido van den Berg (24 February 1975 – 2 May 2019) was a German politician and economist. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He served as a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2012 until his death. At the time of his death, he was also the deputy district administrator of Rhein-Erft-Kreis since 2014. He was a member of the Rhein-Erft-Kreis district council from 1999 until his death.

Van den Berg was born in Grevenbroich, Rhein-Kreis Neuss. He studied economics and political science at the University of Cologne and the University of Duisburg-Essen. He was married and had two children.

Van den Berg died of cancer on 2 May 2019 in Grevenbroich. He was 44.


Monica Vitti

Monica Vitti (born Maria Luisa Ceciarelli; 3 November 1931 – 2 February 2022) was an Italian actress. She is best known for her starring roles in movies directed by Michelangelo Antonioni during the early 1960s. She later starred in comedy movies directed by Mario Monicelli. 

Vitti's movie acting credits include "L'Avventura" (1960), "La Notte" (1961), "Red Desert" (1964), "The Girl with the Pistol" (1968), "Camera d'albergo" (1981), "Flirt" (1983) and "Secret Scandal" (1989). She won five David di Donatello Awards for Best Actress, seven Italian Golden Globes for Best Actress, the Career Golden Globe and the Venice Film Festival Career Golden Lion Award.

Vitti was born in Rome. She married Roberto Russo in 2000.

In 2011, Vitti said she had Alzheimer's disease. She died on 2 February 2022 from the disease in Rome at the age of 90.

Rawlins, Wyoming

Rawlins is a city in Carbon County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 9,259 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Carbon County.

Crook County, Wyoming

Crook County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 7,181 people lived there, which makes it the third-least populous county in Wyoming. Its county seat is Sundance. It was formed on December 8, 1875.



Crook County

Crook County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Carbon County

Carbon County is the name of four counties in the United States:

Panghuang

"Panghuang" is Lu Xun 's short story assembled, a collection of Lu Xun in between 1924 - 1925's short story written by eleven. Its short stories include " Blessing ", " On the Restaurant ", " Soap ", " Happy Family ", " Gao Laofuzi ", " Brothers ", " Sadness " and so on. "Panghuang" was published by Beixin Book Store in 1926. The bookstore Works of Lu Xun, Volume 2 of the People's Literature Publishing House. 



Robert Brown

Robert Brown FRS FRSE FLS (21 December 1773 – 10 June 1858) was a Scottish botanist.

Brown made important contributions to botany by using the microscope. He made an early description of the cell nucleus and cytoplasmic streaming. He saw Brownian motion in pollen grains. He did early work on plant pollination and fertilisation.

Brown was the first to list the difference between gymnosperms and angiosperms. He did some of the earliest studies in palynology. He worked on plant taxonomy. He identified plant families which are still accepted today.

Brown explored Australia with Matthew Flinders. Based on what he saw and collected, he named many Australian plant genera and species. In Western Australia alone he is the author of nearly 1200 species.

After the division of the Natural History Department of the British Museum into three sections in 1837, Robert Brown became the first Keeper of the Botanical Department. He kept this appointment until his death until his death in 1858.

Ravendale, California

Ravendale is a unincorporated community in Lassen County, California. It goes along the US Highway 395, and is 1,617 meters above sea level. The town has a small airport.

Spaulding, California

Spaulding is a census-designated place in Lassen County, California. It is above sea level, near Eagle Lake. At the 2020 census, 178 people lived there. The town has a small airport.

Masherbrum

Masherbrum is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It was also once known as K1. It is the 22nd highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top of Masherbrum were George Irving Bell and Willi Unsoeld, in 1960.

Gasherbrum I

Gasherbrum I is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in China and Pakistan. It is also known as K5 and Hidden Peak. It is the 11th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Pete Schoening and Andy Kauffman in 1958.

Batura Sar

Batura Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is the 25th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Hubert Bleicher and Herbert Oberhofer in 1976.

Jo Walton

Jo Walton (born December 1, 1964) is a Welsh-Canadian fantasy and science fiction writer and poet. She has won many awards.

Walton was born in Aberdare, in the Cynon Valley of Wales. She went to Park School in Aberdare, then Aberdare Girls' Grammar School. She lived for a year in Cardiff and went to Howell's School Llandaff. She finished her education at Oswestry School in Shropshire, and at the University of Lancaster. She lived in London for two years. Then she lived in Lancaster until 1997. She moved to Swansea, where she lived until moving to Canada in 2002.

Walton speaks Welsh.

Walton has been writing since she was 13. Her first novel was published in 2000. Before that, she had been published in a number of role-playing game publications, such as "Pyramid". She often wrote with her husband at the time, Ken Walton. Walton was also active in online science fiction fandom, especially in the Usenet groups "rec.arts.sf.written" and "rec.arts.sf.fandom". Her poem "The Lurkers Support Me in E-Mail" is widely quoted on it and in other online arguments, often without her name attached.

Her first three novels, "The King's Peace" (2000), "The King's Name" (2001), and "The Prize in the Game" (2002) were all fantasy. They happen in a world based on Arthurian Britain and the Táin Bó Cúailnge's Ireland. Her next novel, "Tooth and Claw" (2003) was about dragons, but in the style of Anthony Trollope.

"Farthing" was her first science fiction novel. It was a mystery and an alternate history in which the United Kingdom made peace with Adolf Hitler before the United States entered World War II. It was nominated for a Nebula Award, a Quill Award, the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for best science fiction novel, and the Sidewise Award for Alternate History. A sequel, "Ha'penny", was published in October 2007 by Tor Books, with the final book in the trilogy, "Half a Crown," published in September 2008. "Ha'penny" won the 2008 Prometheus Award (jointly with Harry Turtledove's novel "The Gladiator") and has been nominated for the Lambda Literary Award.

In April 2007, Howard V. Hendrix stated that professional writers should never release their writings online for free. He claimed doing this made the writer a scab. Walton responded to this by declaring 23 April as International Pixel-Stained Technopeasant Day. Writers who disagreed with Hendrix could release their stories online all at once. In 2008 Walton celebrated this day by posting several chapters of an unfinished sequel to "Tooth and Claw" called "Those Who Favor Fire."

In 2008, Walton began writing a column for Tor.com, mostly reviews of older books.

Walton moved to Montreal, Quebec, Canada, after her first novel was published. She is married to Dr. Emmet A. O'Brien. She has one child. Her son, Alexander, was born in 1990.







She won the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer in 2002 and the World Fantasy award for her novel "Tooth and Claw" in 2004. Her novel "Ha'penny" was a co-winner of the 2008 Prometheus Award. Her novel "Lifelode" won the 2010 Mythopoeic Award. Her novel "Among Others" won the 2011 Nebula Award for Best Novel, and the 2012 Hugo Award for Best Novel, and is one of only seven novels to have been nominated for the Hugo Award, Nebula Award, and World Fantasy Award.


Murray Thomson

Murray McCheyne Thomson (December 19, 1922 − May 2, 2019) was a Canadian peace activist. He was known as a founder of many non-profit organizations in Canada, including Peace Brigades International and Project Ploughshares. He was awarded in 1990 with the Pearson Medal of Peace. In 2001, he was named an Officer of the Order of Canada. He was born in Taokow, Honan, China where his parents were Christian missionaries. He was a Quaker.

Thomson died in Ottawa, Ontario on May 2, 2019. He was 96.

Aeroflot Flight 1492

Aeroflot Flight 1492 was a regular passenger flight operated by Aeroflot. The Russian passenger flight was meant to fly from Sheremetyevo International Airport, Moscow to Murmansk Airport, Murmansk. On 5 May 2019, the Sukhoi Superjet 100 aircraft used for the flight returned to Sheremetyevo shortly after take-off. The plane was reported to have veered off the runway and caught fire. Of the 78 people on board, including five crew, 41 people died in the crash.


Carmel, New York

Carmel is a town in Putnam County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 33,576.

Scarsdale, New York

Scarsdale is a town and village in Westchester County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 18,253.

Brett Halsey

Brett Halsey (born Charles Oliver Hand; June 20, 1933) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in European-made B-movies beginning in the 1960s. He was credited as as Montgomery Ford in some movies. He starred in movies such as "High School Hellcats" (1958), "Return of the Fly" (1959), "Jet Over the Atlantic" (1959), "The Best of Everything" (1959), "Return to Peyton Place" (1961) and "Twice-Told Tales" (1963), "The Avenger of Venice" (1964), "Espionage in Lisbon" (1965), "Kill Johnny Ringo" (1966), "Today We Kill, Tomorrow We Die!" (1968), "All on the Red" (1968), "Twenty Thousand Dollars for Seven" (1969), "Roy Colt and Winchester Jack" (1970) and "The Godfather Part III" (1990). He also appeared in the soap opera "The Young and the Restless" and TV series "The Dukes of Hazzard". In 1961, Halsey won the Golden Globe Award for "New Star of the Year".

Halsey was born in Santa Ana, California. He is a great-nephew of William Halsey Jr., a U.S. Navy admirable. He has been married four times, including to Italian actress Luciana Paluzzi. He has three children.

Cytoplasmic streaming

Cytoplasmic streaming is where there is flow inside the cytoplasm. It is sometimes called protoplasmic streaming or cyclosis.

Streaming is often seen in large plant and animal cells. Cytoplasm moves inside the cells. The flow is driven by forces in the cytoskeleton. The function of the flow is probably to speed up transport of molecules and organelles around the cell. Cytoplasmic streaming is usually found in large cells, larger than about 0.1 mm. In smaller cells diffusion of molecules is rapid, but it slows as the cell size increases. Larger cells need flow to move nutrients inside them rapidly enough for efficient working.

British Science Association

The British Science Association (BSA) promotes science. It was founded in 1831. Until 2009 it was known as the British Association for the Advancement of Science (BA). It is a charity.

The British Science Association's mission is to get more people engaged in science. It does this by organising projects. 

The British Science Association has their head office at the Wellcome Wolfson Building in Kensington, London. There are four regional staff elsewhere in the UK. The British Science Association offers a wide variety of activities and events that recognize and encourage people to be involved in science. These include the British Science Festival, British Science Week, the CREST Awards, Huxley Summit, Youth Pannle, Media Fellowships Scheme. There are regional and local events.

Dexter King

Dexter Scott King (January 30, 1961 – January 22, 2024) was an American civil rights activist. He was the son of activists Coretta Scott King and Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.. He was the brother of Martin Luther King III, Bernice King and Yolanda Denise King. 

King was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He was named for Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama.

King was seven years old when his father was murdered.

King died of prostate cancer at his home in Malibu, California, on January 22, 2024, at the age of 62, just eight days short of his 63rd birthday.

Bernice King

Bernice Albertine King (born March 28, 1963) is an American minister. She is the youngest child of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. and civil rights activist Coretta Scott King.

King was five years old when her father was killed. She works for nonviolence.

King was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Gasherbrum II

Gasherbrum II is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in China and Pakistan. It is also known as K4. It is the 13th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Fritz Moravec, Josef Larch, and Hans Willenpart, in 1956.

Angel Witch

Angel Witch are a British heavy metal band. They gained popularity during the NWOBHM due to the release of their first album, the self titled "Angel Witch". The album was released in December 1980. The band have split up and reunited many times over the years, first in 1982, then in 1986, 1998, 2003, 2005 and finally in 2008.


Colt Single Action Army

The Colt Single Action Army is a single action revolver that was made a standard issue firearm in the United States Army in 1873. Designed by Samuel Colt, there are many variants of this pistol, ranging from different calibers all the way up to barrel lengths and engravings. The revolver's ammo capacity is six rounds. Being a single action revolver, it requires the user to cock (pull) the hammer back with every shot. With practice, the user can become quite fast in operating the action. The Colt Single Action Army is prized by collectors everywhere, and is one of the most recognizable firearms in history. 

Bici bici

Bici bici or bicibici muhallebisi is a Turkish dessert.

It is a very light dessert, which is normal for the southern part of Turkey that it comes from, as well as the Mediterranean in general. It is eaten during the summer in the provinces of Adana and Mersin.

Bici bici is made of crushed ice, starch, and syrup. After the starch is cooked in water, it is left to cool in a tray, and is then chopped. Then, it is flavoured with syrup (usually rose flavoured), and it put on ice, with sugar on top.



Line of Duty

Line of Duty is a British BBC police procedural television series created by Jed Mercurio. It was BBC Two's best-performing drama series in ten years with an audience of 4.1 million viewers. A second season was ordered. Its success led to the BBC ordering a further two series. The third series broadcast began on 24 March 2016, and the fourth on 26 March 2017 on BBC One. The fifth series was completed at the end of 2018. It was broadcast on BBC One on 31 March 2019. The BBC has ordered a sixth series.

It is the most popular drama series broadcast on BBC Two. It has won the Royal Television Society Award and Broadcasting Press Guild Award for Best Drama Series. "Line of Duty" was included in a list of the Top 50 BBC Two shows of all-time and in a list of the 80 best BBC shows of all time. It was the highest-ranked current series in a list of the best cop shows of all time. and third in a poll of the best British crime dramas of all time.

Gasherbrum III

Gasherbrum III is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in China and Pakistan. It is also known as K3a. It is the 15th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Wanda Rutkiewicz, Alison Chadwick-Onyszkiewicz, Janusz Onyszkiewicz and Krzysztof Zdzitowiecki, in 1975. As of 2018, only two expeditions had ever made it to the top.

Deaths in September 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Anne of Green Gables (1979 TV series)

Mamostong Kangri

Mamostong Kangri is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Jammu and Kashmir. This region is disputed. While under control of India, it is also claimed by Pakistan. The mountain is also known as K35 and Mamostang Kangri. It is the 48th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were N. Yamada, K. Yoshida, R. Sharma, P. Das, and H. Chauhan, in 1984.

Dala Airport

Dala Airport, or Borlänge Airport (IATA:BLE IACO:ESSD) is 7.4 kilometers southeast of downtown Borlänge, in Dalarna, Sweden. Commercial flights have flown from there since the 1960s. The airport was built during World War II. The airport has domestic flights to Malmö, and Örebro. Air Europa has charter flights to Palma de Mallorca and Gran Canaria. 

Michael Mastro

Michael (Mike) R. Mastro (born June 1, 1925), is a former American real estate developer. After declaring bankruptcy he became a fugitive in France. The United States tried to extradite him and his wife on charges of bankruptcy fraud but did not succeed.

On June 7, 2018, the Courthouse News Service reported that a Bankruptcy Appellate panel(BAP) ruled that Mastro might have to give information about his foreign accounts.

Mastro was in business for forty years in Seattle. He declared bankruptcy in 2009. Mastro and his wife moved to France in 2011. They were arrested in Lake Annecy of the French Alps in 2012 and faced extradition hearings. 
After several months of house arrest, they were freed in June 2013, by a French court that denied extradition back to the United States.

Mastro’s bankruptcy has been described as the largest personal bankruptcy in the history of Washington state.

Mike and Linda met in 1974 when they both worked at the People's Bank. They got married in 1989 after Mike's wife, Joan, died of cancer.

Gasherbrum IV

Gasherbrum IV is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in China and Pakistan. It is also known as K3. It is the 17th highest mountain in the world. A well known feature is the west face, which is called the "Shining Wall". Gasherbrum IV is considered as one of the most difficult mountains to climb. The first people to reach the top were Walter Bonatti and Carlo Mauri, in 1958.

Distaghil Sar

Distaghil Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is the 19th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Günther Stärker and Diether Marchart, in 1960. 

Hello, Dolly! (movie)

Hello, Dolly! is a 1969 American musical and romantic comedy movie. It is based on the Broadway production of the same name. Louis Armstrong recorded the title tune of the same name. That tune hit #1 in May 1964.

In 1890, all of New York City is excited because widowed and brassy Dolly Levi is in town. She is currently seeking a wife for grumpy "half a millionaire" Horace Vandergelder. It becomes clear, however, that Dolly wants to marry Horace herself. She travels to Yonkers, New York to visit Horace. 

Horace tells his two clerks, Barnaby Tucker and Cornelius Hackl, that he is about to get married because "It Takes a Woman" to do all the household chores. Dolly comes to Yonkers and sends Horace to the city.

Cornelius decides he and Barnaby need to leave Yonkers. Dolly knows two ladies in New York City they can call on: Irene Molloy, and her shop assistant, Minnie Fay. 

After meeting an old friend, Gussie Granger, on a float in a parade, Dolly catches up with the annoyed Horace. He is marching in the parade. She tells him the heiress Ernestina Semple would be perfect for him. She asks him to meet her at the Harmonia Gardens that evening.

Cornelius wants to get a kiss before the night is over. The clerks have no money to hire a carriage. They then tell the girls that walking to the restaurant shows that they have "Elegance". 

At the Harmonia Gardens Restaurant, the head waiter, Rudolph, gets his crew into shape for Dolly Levi's return. Horace arrives to meet his date. But she is really Dolly's friend Gussie. Gussie isn't elegant or rich as Dolly had said. She soon leaves after being bored by Horace.

Cornelius, Barnaby and their dates arrive at the restaurant. They're not aware Horace is also at the restaurant. Cornelius is scared of being caught. He tells the ladies he and Barnaby didn't have any money all along. Irene "knew" the two men pretended being rich.

Horace tells Dolly life would be dull without her. Dolly promises she will never go away again.

The movie began showing in New York City at the Rivoli Theater on December 16, 1969. It later began showing at the Grauman's Chinese Theater near Los Angeles on December 19.

The movie got favorable reviews upon release. 

The movie opened strongly. It took in more than "The Sound of Music" four years earlier. It made $33.2 million at the box office.

The movie won three Academy Award. It was nominated for another four.



Barbara Perry

Barbara Perry (June 22, 1921 – May 5, 2019) was an American actress, singer and dancer. She was born in Norfolk, Virginia. Perry was known for her television roles in "The Donna Reed Show", "The Andy Griffith Show", "My Three Sons", and "The Dick Van Dyke Show", where she played Buddy Sorrell's wife Pickles, before being replaced by Joan Shawlee.

She also played Thelma Brockwood on "The Hathaways". Perry's last known role was in the television series "Baskets".

Perry died on May 5, 2019 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 97.

Kadir Mısıroğlu

Kadir Mısıroğlu (24 January 1933 – 5 May 2019) was a Turkish writer, poet, lawyer, and journalist. He was known for his Islamist, anti-secularist, and monarchist opinions in the period after the one-party period of the Republic of Turkey.

He founded the foundation "Osmanlılar İlim ve İrfan Vakfı", an Ottoman monarchist NGO in 1994 and he led it until at least 2014.

Max Azria

Max Azria (Hebrew: מקס עזריה; Arabic: ماكس عزرية) (January 1, 1949 – May 6, 2019) was a Tunisian-American fashion designer.

He founded the contemporary women's clothing brand BCBGMAXAZRIA. Azria was also the designer, chairman and CEO of the BCBG Max Azria Group. He was born Sfax, Tunisia.

Azria died on May 6, 2019 in Houston, Texas from lung cancer at the age of 70.


Gjermund Eggen

Gjermund Eggen (5 June 1941 – 6 May 2019) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. He won three gold medals at the 1966 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1968. He competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics in the 30 km event, but finished only 34th. Eggen was born in Engerdal, Norway.

Eggen died in Elverum, Norway on 6 May 2019 at age 77.


Paz de la Huerta

María de la Paz Elizabeth Sofía Adriana de la Huerta y Bruce (born September 3, 1984), known by her stage name Paz de la Huerta , is an American actress and model. 

De la Huerta is known for her roles in the movies "The Cider House Rules" (1999), "A Walk to Remember" (2002), "Choke" (2008), "Enter the Void" (2009), "Nurse 3D" (2013) and as Lucy Danziger in the HBO drama series "Boardwalk Empire".

During the height of the Me Too movement, she accused Harvey Weinstein of rape. 

Ron Darling

Ronald Maurice Darling Jr. (born August 19, 1960) is an American former right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the New York Mets, Montreal Expos and Oakland Athletics. Darling currently works as a color commentator for national baseball coverage on TBS. He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. 

On May 6, 2019, Darling announced that he had been diagnosed with thyroid cancer.


1G

1G is the analog telecommunication standard that was introduced in the 1980s and continued until replaced by 2G digital telecommunication.

2G

2G is the short form for the second-generation mobile phone technology. It was the first version to be a digital standard and, it replaced the analog 1G standard. It was replaced by 3G. Some countries have already shut down their 2G networks.

Dante Gullo

Juan Carlos Dante Gullo (8 June 1947 − 3 May 2019) was an Argentine sociologist and politician. He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2007 to 2011. He was also a member the Buenos Aires City Legislature from 2011 to 2015. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Gullo died on 3 May 2019, at the age of 71.

Pratibhasthali

Pratibhasthali is a girls only school started by Acharya Vidyasagar. Schools are operational in Jabalpur, Dongargarh, Ramtek, Paporaji and Indore in India.

Wolfville

Wolfville is a Canadian town in the Annapolis Valley, Kings County, Nova Scotia, located about northwest of the provincial capital, Halifax.



Windsor, Nova Scotia

Windsor is a town located in Hants County, Nova Scotia, Canada. 



Westville, Nova Scotia

Westville is a town in Pictou County, Nova Scotia, Canada. 



Trenton, Nova Scotia

Trenton is a Canadian town located in Pictou County, Nova Scotia. 


Jean Vanier

Jean Vanier (September 10, 1928 – May 7, 2019) was a Canadian Catholic philosopher, theologian and humanitarian. He was the son of the 19th Governor General of Canada, Georges Vanier, and Pauline Vanier. He is best known as the founder of L'Arche. He founded the international organisation in 1964. L'Arche's purpose is to help people with intellectual disabilities. It now has communities in over 30 countries. In 1971, he co-founded a similar organisation Faith and Light. For his work, Vanier was awarded the Companion of the Order of Canada (1986), Grand Officer of the National Order of Quebec (1992), Legion of Honour (2003) and other honours.

Vanier was born in Geneva. His father was working as a diplomat in Switzerland at the time of his birth. Vanier died in Paris on May 7, 2019, at the age of 90. The cause of his death was thyroid cancer.


Deaths in October 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Te Wharehuia Milroy

James Te Wharehuia Milroy (24 July 1937 – 7 May 2019) was a New Zealand academic. He is best known for his work as an expert in the Māori language. He worked and lectured at the University of Waikato in the Māori Department. In 2003, he was made a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for public services. He was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2012. A Māori man himself, he was from a Ngāi Tūhoe background.

Milroy died on 7 May 2019, at the age of 81.

Genrikh Novozhilov

Genrikh Vasilevich Novozhilov (; 27 October 1925 – 28 April 2019) was a Soviet and Russian aircraft designer. He was an important part of the design of many Ilyushin passenger aircraft, including the Il-18, Il-62, Il-76 and Il-96. He was the main designer and head of Ilyushin for a time. He led the development of the Il-76, the Soviet Union's most popular passenger and military transport aircraft. He also served as a deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR from 1974 to 1989. He was born in Moscow.

Novozhilov died on 28 April 2019 at the age of 93.

Alburnoides bipunctatus

Alburnoides bipunctatus, also known as the schneider, the spirlin, the bleak, and the riffle minnow, is a species of small freshwater fish found in Afghanistan, Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, and other places. It lives in rivers with very calm waters.

Acanthopagrus latus

Acanthopagus latus, the yellowfin seabream or datina, is a species of marine ray-finned fish that lives in the Pacific Ocean. It is a member of the Sparidae.

Adam Svoboda

Adam Svoboda (26 January 1978 – 7 May 2019) was a Czech ice hockey player and coach. He played as a goaltender. Outside of the Czech Republic, Svoboda played in Russia, Sweden, Germany and Kazakhstan. He played for many teams including HC Sparta Praha, HC Pardubice, HC Lada Togliatti, Timrå IK, HC Slavia Praha, Nürnberg Ice Tigers. He also played for the Czech Republic national team. He won a winner's medal after his country's Ice Hockey World Championship win in 2005. He was born in Brno.

Svoboda died in a suicide by hanging on 7 May 2019 in Pardubice. He was 41.

Khunyang Chhish

Khunyang Chhish is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. Other ways of spelling the name are Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish. Khunyang Chhish is part of the Hispar Muztagh subrange. It is the 21st highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Andrzej Heinrich, Jan Stryczynski, Ryszard Szafirski, and Andrzej Zawada, in 1971.

Cosimo de' Medici

Cosimo di Giovanni de' Medici, called "the Elder" (Italian: "il Vecchio") and posthumously "Father of the Fatherland" (Latin: "pater patriae") (10 April 1389 – 1 August 1464), was an Italian banker and politician, the first member of the Medici political dynasty that served as "de facto" rulers of Florence during much of the Italian Renaissance. 

Kanjut Sar

Kanjut Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is also sometimes spelled Kunjudh Sar. Kanjut Sar is part of the Hispar Muztagh subrange. It is the 26th highest mountain in the world. The first person to reach the top was Camillo Pellissier in 1959.

Launch vehicle

A launch vehicle or carrier rocket is a rocket used to take a payload from Earth's surface through outer space. This can be to another place on earth (Sub-orbital transportation), or into space. Sub-orbital vehicles aren't as powerful as orbital vehicles must be. They use more than one stage so that they have enough delta-v performance. Many different rocket fuels can be used, and some rockets have solid rocket boosters attached. 

Most launch vehicles are expendable, which means that they can only be used once. This means that lots of expensive equipment is lost, but it also means that the launch vehicle can carry a heavier payload. SpaceX has developed a partly reusable rocket, called the Falcon 9. It is also developing a fully reusable rocket called Starship. The first stage of this rocket can land and be relaunched. Parts of the Space Shuttle were also reusable. There are many different types of launch vehicle. The vehicle that is used depends on the spaceport, the mass of the payload, and the orbit that the payload is being launched to. Many countries try and build their own rockets as part of their national space programs.

Sprent Dabwido

Sprent Arumogo Dabwido (16 September 1972 – 8 May 2019) was a Nauruan politician. He served as the President of Nauru from 2011 to 2013. He was a member of Nauru First. He also served as a member of the Nauruan Parliament for Meneng from 2004 until his death in 2019. Before entering politics, Dabwido was a super-heavyweight weightlifter and was the national champion of his country.

On 8 May 2019, Dabwido died of throat cancer in Armidale, New South Wales, Australia. He was 46.

Paris, France (movie)

Paris, France is a 1994 Canadian comedy and drama movie. It was set and filmed in Toronto, Ontario. The movie began showing in the United States in February 1995.

A novelist and publisher named Lucy, her husband Michael, and business partner William are the owners of a small Toronto publishing company. The stability of their lives is thrown into an emotional storm when a former boxer turned writer named Sloan arrives. His first book is about to be published by the company.

Sloan gets in over his head when he goes into a steamy affair with the sexually attracted and frustrated Lucy. Lucy wants to recreate her S&M filled days in Paris, France gone by. Lucy has writer's block, which she wonders whether a weekend of sexual passion can cure.

Sloan, who is bisexual, has an affair with the openly gay William. That leads to sexual confusion for the writer.


"Paris, France" is rated NC-17 because of explicit sexual content and foul language.

"Paris, France" has a 73% rating from the Rotten Tomatoes. "Variety" called the movie "silly" 

The film was nominated for two Genie Awards:

Cal Swenson

Calvin Berle Swenson (April 16, 1948 – January 1, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward.

Swenson was born in Watson, Saskatchewan. He played 102 games in the World Hockey Association with the Winnipeg Jets.

He died suddenly on January 1, 2014, aged 65.


Karel Gut

Karel Gut (16 September 1927 – 6 January 2014) was a Czech ice hockey player. Born in Prague, he played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga. As a player, he won three bronze medals on the World Championships. He was later coach of the Czechoslovak national team and won the World Championships in 1976 and 1977. He was inducted into the International Ice Hockey Federation Hall of Fame in 1998.

Gut died on January 6, 2014 at the age of 86.


Leslie Hope

Leslie Ann Hope (born May 6, 1965) is a Canadian actress and director. Her best-known role was Teri Bauer in the Fox television series "24".

Hope has acted in many Canadian and American movies and television programs. In 1987 she played Madeleine Henry in "War and Remembrance". She played the novelist Lucy in "Paris, France" in 1994. She later played Joan Luss in FX's "The Strain".

Hope was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

Joe Junkin

Joseph Brian Junkin (September 8, 1946 – January 11, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Boston Bruins during the 1968–69 NHL season. He died of cancer on January 11, 2014.

Yevgeny Krylatov

Yevgeny Pavlovich Krylatov (; 23 February 1934 – 8 May 2019) was a Russian composer. He wrote songs for over 120 Soviet and Russian live-action and animated movies. He created music for movies such as "Film, Film, Film" (1968), "Property of the Republic" (1971), "Three from Prostokvashino" (1978), "The Adventures of the Elektronic" (1979), "Lilac Ball" (1987) and "Don't Leave..." (1989). He was awarded People's Artist of Russia in 1994. He was born in Lysva.

Krylatov died of pneumonia on 8 May 2019 in Moscow. He was 85.

Eric Paterson

Eric Evan Paterson (September 11, 1929 – January 14, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.


David Montgomery (baseball)

David P. Montgomery (June 26, 1946 – May 8, 2019) was an American baseball executive. During his career, he held many roles at the Philadelphia Phillies. Montgomery and Bill Giles bought the Phillies for USD$30m in 1984. He was the chairman, minority-owner and president of the Major League Baseball (MLB) team. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Montgomery died of cancer on May 8, 2019, at the age of 72.

Milan Kajkl

Milan Kajkl (May 14, 1950 – January 18, 2014) was a Czechoslovak Olympic ice hockey player. Kajkl was born in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia. He participated at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where his team won a silver medal.

Kajkl died January 18, 2014 in Plzen at the age of 63.

Krzysztof Birula-Białynicki

Krzysztof Birula-Białynicki (15 August 1944 – 30 January 2014) was a Polish ice hockey player. He competed at the 1972 Winter Olympics.

Keith Allen

Keith Allen may refer to:


Georg Katzer

Georg Katzer (10 January 1935 – 7 May 2019) was a German composer. He is best known for helping electronic new music become popular in East Germany. He held leading roles in music organisations, first in the East, and later in the united Germany. He was student of Hanns Eisler and Leo Spies. He won many awards in his career. He was also a professor at the Academy of Arts, Berlin. He was born in Habelschwerdt, Lower Silesia.

Katzer died on 7 May 2019 in Berlin, at the age of 84.


Celil Oker

Celil Oker (1952 – 5 May 2019) was a Turkish novelist. He is best known for writing crime fiction. His books include "Çıplak Ceset" (1999), "Kramponlu Ceset" (1999), "Bin Lotluk Ceset" (2000), "Rol Çalan Ceset" (2001), "Bir Şapka Bir Tabanca" (2005), "Beyaz Eldiven Sarı Zarf" (2011) and "Sen Ölürsün Ben Yaşarım" (2015). Outside of Turkey, his books were published in Europe. He was also a member of staff at Istanbul Bilgi University. He was born in Kayseri.

Oker died in Istanbul on 5 May 2019, at the age of 67.

Andrés Junquera

Andrés Avelino Zapico Junquera (23 April 1946 – 6 May 2019) was a Spanish professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

Junquera was born in La Felguera. He played for Langreo, Real Madrid and Zaragoza. He won many honours with Real Madrid. Trophies he won during his time at the club include five La Liga titles, three Copa del Rey and the Ricardo Zamora Trophy in the 1967–68 season. He retired due to injury in 1978, at the age of 32.

Junquera died of a heart attack on 6 May 2019 in Riaño, Asturias. He was 73.

Vasile Huțanu

Vasile Huţanu (June 1, 1954 – February 24, 2014) was a Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.

Commune (disambiguation)

Commune may refer to:





Vicente Emano

Vicente Yap Emano (31 March 1943 – 7 May 2019) was a Filipino politician. He served as governor of the province of Misamis Oriental from 1986 to 1995. He was the mayor of Tagoloan from 1980 to 1983. He was also the mayor of the city of Cagayan de Oro from 1998 to 2007, and again from 2010 to 2013. He was born in Tagoloan.

Emano died of pneumonia on 7 May 2019, at the age of 76.

Joel Virador

Joel G. Virador (5 March 1967 – 7 May 2019) was a Filipino politician and human rights activist. He was a member of Bayan Muna. He served as a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from November 2003 to June 2007. He was born in Kidapawan City, Cotabato.

Virador died of papillary thyroid cancer on 7 May 2019 in Davao City. He was 52.

Georginio Wijnaldum

Georginio Gregion Emile "Gini" Wijnaldum (born 11 November 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer. He plays for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Netherlands national team. He plays as a midfielder. He was born in Rotterdam, South Holland.

Wijnaldum played for Eredivisie side Feyenoord in his youth. He went on to became the youngest person to ever player the club when he played his first game in 2007. After playing 134 matches for Feyenoord over five years, he signed for PSV Eindhoven in 2011. He won the KNVB Cup and Eredivisie title during his time at Eredivisie. He also earned the Dutch Footballer of the Year award during his time with PSV. In 2015, Wijnaldum joined Premier League side Newcastle United for £14.5 million. He left the club after their relegation a year later to join Liverpool in a £23 million deal.

Wijnaldum plays for the Netherlands. Since 2011, he has made over 50 caps. He was part of his country's squad which came third at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Feyenoord

PSV

Liverpool

Paris Saint-Germain

Roma

Netherlands

Individual

Divock Origi

Divock Okoth Origi (born 18 April 1995) is a Belgian professional footballer. He plays for AC Milan and the Belgium national team. He plays as a forward. He was born in Ostend. He is the son of former Kenyan professional footballer Mike Origi.

Origi started his career at French club Lille. In 2014, he signed for Liverpool for £10 million. He has since spent time on loan at Lille and VfL Wolfsburg as a Liverpool player. On 2 December 2018, after coming on as a substitute, he scored his side's 96th minute 1–0 winner over Everton in the Premier League. On 7 May 2019, he scored two goals for Liverpool (including the overall tie winner) in a 4–0 win over Barcelona in the UEFA Champions League semi-final. In the final of the competition, in the 87th minute, Origi scored Liverpool's second goal in the side's 2–0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur.

Origi has played for Belgium since 2014. He has played for his country 25 times, scoring three times. He was part of the 2014 FIFA World Cup squad.

Liverpool


Jacques Taminiaux

Jacques Taminiaux (29 May 1928 – 7 May 2019) was a Belgian philosopher. 

Taminiaux was born in Seneffe. He studied law and philosophy at the Katholieke Universiteit, Leuven.
He became a professor at Boston College in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States in 1989. His research interests were on phenomenology, aesthetics, political philosophy and contemporary continental philosophy. In 1977, he was awarded the Francqui Prize for his work on the history of philosophy.

Taminiaux died on 7 May 2019, at the age of 90.

Andy Gilpin

Andrew Crowley Gilpin (September 30, 1920 – March 1, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey forward. Born in Montreal, Quebec, he was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.

Deaths in November 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.
































Prince Archie of Sussex

Prince Archie of Sussex (Archie Harrison; born 6 May 2019) is the son of Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. He is the eighth great-grandchild of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. He is the 4th grandchild of King Charles III and is sixth in line of succession to the British throne.

Titles

8 May 2019-9 March 2023 Master Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor 

9 March 2023 His Royal Highness Prince Archie Harrison of Sussex 

He was born at 05:26 BST (04:26 UTC) on 6 May 2019. at Portland Hospital in London. His name was announced on 8 May 2019. He was baptised wearing the royal christening gown by the Archbishop of Canterbury on 6 July 2019 in the private chapel at Windsor Castle. The ceremony was private and the public were not invited to see the family or guests arrive or leave.

Archie descends from the British royal family on his father's side and from the American working and middle classes on his mother's side. He is a citizen both of the United Kingdom and of the United States.

He is the first half-American and the third multiracial child in the history of the British monarchy.

As a grandson of King Charles III, Archie is sixth in the line of succession to the British throne. At the time of his birth, he normally would be entitled to use his Prince Harry's senior subsidiary title, Earl of Dumbarton, as a courtesy. However, it was reported that the Duke and Duchess decided that he would be styled as Master Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, as they wanted him to grow up as a private citizen.

In the 2021 television interview, the Duchess of Sussex said that she had been told that changes would be made to remove Archie's entitlement to the style of "prince" as part of Charles's reported plans for a slimmed-down monarchy. 


Forensic anthropology

Forensic anthropology is the analysis of human remains for the purpose of solving criminal cases and identifying the cause of death. In order to understand the death of a person, forensic anthropologists collect information from their bones. Forensic anthropologists use bone analysis to learn more about the person who died.

"How old was the person when they died?"

Scientists can discover the stages of growth and development that the bones were in when a person died to guess their age. Bones such as the femur can be measured in order to determine what stage of life a person was in. A child’s bones would typically be shorter than an adult’s bones, and a child's bones would not have the epiphyses, the growing part of a bone, attached completely. Another way to determine age is to look for cartilage, a tissue that is replaced by hard bone as a person gets older. Younger children will have more cartilage in their bones while adults will have more hard bone. Using these methods can help guess the age of a person when they died. 

"How did they die?"

Causes of death are usually related to injury and/or disease. Forensic anthropologists study bone to see if injuries were caused by bullets, blunt objects, sharp objects, or other weapons. Injuries that cause death can also be accidental, like falling or a car accident. They may also be able to see if a person had a disease that caused their death. Some diseases can cause changes in the structure of bone. Anemia can cause bones in the skull to flatten. Diseases like scurvy and rickets can cause bones to soften and bend. Diseases like rickets can also be used to identify the person if their doctor or the police knew they had the disease. 

"What is the sex of the person who died?"

"When did they die?" 

"What is the individual’s ancestry?"

"Occupational Markers"

When looking at bones, anthropologists look for markings left on bones caused by stress. These markings are called stress markers or occupation markers. Occupational markers can be found in cases where muscles or tendons insert into the cortical tissue of bone via the , or where there is hypertrophy of muscular attachments on the bones. The cause of the markers left are from repetitive activities over a long period of time. But some studies do not think occupational markers are very helpful for forensic identification and may be a source of bias. 

Green Party (Sweden)

The Green Party of Sweden is a political party in Sweden.

Bob Zeman

Edward Robert Zeman (February 22, 1937 – May 8, 2019) was an American football player and coach. He played as a defensive back. He played six seasons in the American Football League (AFL) from 1960 to 1966. He played for the Los Angeles Chargers/San Diego Chargers and Denver Broncos. He later had coaching roles at the Oakland Raiders, Denver Broncos, Buffalo Bills and the San Francisco 49ers. He was born in Geneva, Illinois.

Zeman died on May 8, 2019, at the age of 82.


Pekka Airaksinen

Pekka Airaksinen (21 August 1945 – 6 May 2019) was a Finnish composer of electronic music. He started his first band, The Sperm, in the 1960s. The Sperm mixed avant-garde music with free jazz and psychedelic pop, as well as performance art. After the band's breakup in the early 1970s, he turned to Buddhism and stopped making music. He returned to music in the mid-1980s with his album "Buddhas of Golden Light". In the 1990s, Airaksinen founded the Dharmakustannus record label. He was born in Helsinki.

Airaksinen died on 6 May 2019, at the age of 73.

Web shell

A Web shell is a script that can be uploaded to a web server to enable remote administration of the machine. A web shell can be written in any language that the target web server supports. The most commonly observed web shells are written in languages that are widely supported, such as PHP and ASP. Perl, Ruby, Python, and Unix shell scripts are also used. Once successfully uploaded, an adversary can use the web shell to leverage other exploitation techniques to escalate privileges and to issue commands remotely. These commands are directly linked to the privilege and functionality available to the web server and may include the ability to add, delete, and execute files as well as the ability to run shell commands, further executables, or scripts.
Web shells such as China Chopper, WSO, C99 and B374K are frequently chosen by adversaries; however these are just a small number of known used web shells.
 <?=`$_GET[1]`?>
Web shell of size 15 bytes.

Web shells can be delivered through a number of web application exploits or configuration weaknesses such as:

Mediterranean race

The Mediterranean race (also Mediterranid race) is one of the multiple sub-races into which the Caucasian race was categorised by most anthropologists in the late 19th to mid-20th centuries. 



Doru Tureanu

Doru Tureanu (11 January 1954 – 11 March 2014) was a Romanian ice hockey player who competed for Romania at the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1980 Winter Olympics. In 2011, he became just the second Romanian player to be inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame.

Jim Mikol

James Stanley Mikol (June 11, 1938 – March 15, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. A left winger and defenceman, he played 34 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Maple Leafs and New York Rangers.

Robert Meyers (ice hockey)

Robert Roderick Meyers (August 11, 1924 – March 22, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.


Shelburne, Nova Scotia

Shelburne is a town located in southwestern Nova Scotia, Canada. It is home to the Bowers Meadows Wilderness Area.



National Constituent Assembly (France)

The National Constituent Assembly was the first revolutionary government formed by the rebellious peasants in the French Revolution. 
During an Estates General meeting, Louis XVI, the king of France at the time, removed the peasants from the room to try and cool the disruption they caused. The peasants, who were angry, went to a nearby indoor tennis court in Versailles. They swore the Tennis Court Oath, their unanimous agreement on the creation of a new form of government for France: The National Constituent Assembly. This was a semi-democratic form of government that focused mainly on popular vote.

1949–50 Minneapolis Lakers season

The 1949–50 Minneapolis Lakers season was the second season for the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Lakers became NBA Champions by winning in the finals against the Syracuse Nationals in six games in the NBA Finals. It is the only team franchise to win the championship in each of its first two NBA seasons.

! colspan="2" style="background-color: #6495ED; color: #FFC11F; text-align: center;" | Minneapolis Lakers 1949–50 roster
! Players !! Coaches

! Pos. !! # !! Nat. !! Name !! Ht. !! Wt. !! From

Rochester Royals vs. Minneapolis Lakers: "Lakers win series 1–0"






Lyudmila Putina

Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Ocheretnaya (born 6 January 1958) is the former wife of Russian President Vladimir Putin. The couple was married from 1983 to 2014.

She was born on 6 January 1958 in Kaliningrad, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

New Safe Confinement

The New Safe Confinement is a mega project that is part of the Shelter Implementation Plan and supported by the Chernobyl Shelter Fund. ... The French consortium Novartis with partners Vinci Construction Grands Projects and Bouygues Travaux Public's designed and built the New Safe Confinement. The purpose of the structure is to contain the radioactive material released by the Chernobyl disaster. It was built to replace the aging sarcophagus, which was built in 1986 shortly after the explosion and by 2016 was beginning to crumble.

Coad's riffle minnow

Coad's riffle minnow (scientific name: "Alburnoides coadi") is a type of freshwater fish.

Alburnoides devolli

Alburnoides devolli is a type of freshwater fish.

Alburnoides eichwaldii

Alburnoides eichwaldii is a type of freshwater fish that lives in temperate waters.

Clive Palmer

Clive Frederick Palmer (born 26 March 1954) is an Australian businessman and politician. He is the leader of the United Australia Party, formerly known as the United Palmer Party, since 2013. He served as a member of the House of Representatives from 2013 to 2016. He is well known for his wealth and holdings in iron ore, nickel and coal. He owns a nickel refinery in Townsville, Queensland. He also owns many other businesses, including golf courses. From 2008 to 2012, he owned the soccer team Gold Coast United FC. He announced the development of "Titanic II" (a modern-day replica of RMS "Titanic") in 2013.

Palmer was born Footscray, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. He has two children with his first wife, Susan Parker. She died of cancer in 2006. In 2007, he married Annastacia Topalov. The couple have two daughters. Palmer lives on the Gold Coast, Queensland.


Beyazsu chub

The Beyazsu chub ("Alburnoides emineae") is a type of freshwater fish.

Alburnoides fangfangae

Alburnoides fangfangae is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Albania.

Alburnoides gmelini

Alburnoides gmelini, commonly called the Dagestan spirlin, is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Russia.

Alburnoides holciki

Alburnoides holciki is a type of freshwater fish. It lives in Afghanistan, Iran and Turkmenistan.

Transcaucasian spirlin

The Transcaucasian spirlin ("Alburnoides fasciatus") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Turkey.

It prefers to swim in rivers and streams with fast-running shallow water over gravel, pebbles, or rocks.

Alburnoides kubanicus

Alburnoides kubanicus is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Russia.

Alburnoides maculatus

Alburnoides maculatus is a type of freshwater fish.

Jens Beutel

Jens Beutel (12 July 1946 − 8 May 2019) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). From 1997 to 2011, he served as the Lord Mayor of Mainz, the state capital of Rhineland-Palatinate. He was also a chess player. He was born in Lünen, Westphalia.

Beutel died on 8 May 2019, at the age of 72.


Manyas spirlin

The Manyas spirlin ("Alburnoides manyasensis") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Turkey.


Tashkent riffle bleak

The Tashkent riffle bleak (scientific name: "Alburnoides oblongus") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Asia.

Saltoro Kangri

Saltoro Kangri is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in the disputed Jammu and Kashmir region. It is also known as Saltoro Range. The name means "Yellow Mountain". It is the 31st highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were R.A. Bashir, A. Saito, and Y. Takamura, in 1962.

2019 FIFA Women's World Cup knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup is the second and final stage of the competition, following the group stage. It started an on 22 June with the round of 16 and will end on 7 July with the final match, held at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu. A total of 16 teams (the top two teams from each group, along with the four best third-placed teams) got to the knockout stage to compete in a single-elimination style tournament.All times listed are local, CEST ().

The top two placed teams from each of the six groups, plus the four best-placed third teams, qualified for the knockout stage.

<section begin=bracket /><section end=bracket />

<section begin=r16-1 /><section end=r16-1 />

<section begin=r16-2 /><section end=r16-2 />

<section begin=r16-3 /><section end=r16-3 />

<section begin=r16-4 /><section end=r16-4 />

<section begin=r16-5 /><section end=r16-5 />

<section begin=r16-6 /><section end=r16-6 />

<section begin=r16-7 /><section end=r16-7 />

<section begin=r16-8 /><section end=r16-8 />

<section begin=qf1 /><section end=qf1 />

<section begin=qf2 /><section end=qf2 />

<section begin=qf3 /><section end=qf3 />

<section begin=qf4 /><section end=qf4 />

<section begin=sf1 /><section end=sf1 />

<section begin=sf2 /><section end=sf2 />

<section begin=tpp /><section end=tpp />

Hahm Eun-jung

Hahm Eun-jung (born December 12, 1988), is a South Korean singer and actress. She is known by the stage name Eunjung and also as Elsie. She has been a member of the girl group T-ara since 2009. She also performs as a solo artist and is an actress in movies and television.

Hahm was born in Seoul, South Korea. When in seventh grade, Hahm took taekwondo lessons and won three competitions. Later that year, Hahm went to Dongguk University. She is an only child.

In 1995, when Hahm was seven years old, she participated in the "Little Miss Korea" pageant and won. That same year, she was in the youth drama "A New Generation of Adults". Later, she had several minor roles in movies and Korean dramas. She was also in a few commercials.

In 2007, Hahm was in a few music videos. One was SG Wannabe's music video "Gasiri" ("가시리") from their 2007 album "Story In New York". Others were FT Island's music videos "Thunder" ("천둥"), "Only One Person" ("한사람만"), and "A Man's First Love Follow Him To The Grave" ("남자의 첫사랑은 무덤까지 간다").

She also was in the 2008 horror film "Death Bell". She plays a student who is murdered by her teacher.

Hahm became a member of the girl group T-ara in 2009.
Hahm featured in Davichi's music video "Time, Please Stop" ("시간아 멈춰라") which was released on May 6, 2010.

Her first major acting role after joining T-ara was in the SBS drama "Coffee House", in 2010. That same year, she was in the horror film "White: The Melody of the Curse".

In 2011 she had a leading role in the teen drama "Dream High". From 2011-2012, she was in MBC's variety program "We Got Married". Hahm was also in dramas "The King of Legend" and "Insu, The Queen Mother".

In 2014 she was in the SBS' drama "Endless Love".

In 2015, she had the lead role in the Thai comedy "Micro Love".

In May 2015, Hahm made her solo debut as a singer with the name ELSIE.

In 2016, Hahm was in "Flowers of Evil", a thriller.

In 2017, Hahm was in MBC's daily drama "Sisters-in-Law".

In 2018, Hahm was cast in the KBS's drama "Lovely Horribly".

In 2019, Hahm was announced as the narrator for the documentary "The Muse Story".

Alnitak

Alnitak, also known as Zeta Puppis, is a triple star system made out of three blue stars in the constellation Orion. It is part of Orion's Belt. It is a rare O9-type star 20 times larger than the Sun.

Freddie Starr

Frederick Leslie Fowell (9 January 1943 – 9 May 2019), better known by his stage name Freddie Starr, was an English comedian, singer and actor. He was the lead singer of the Merseybeat group the Midnighters (also spelled "Midniters") during the 1960s. He also appeared on TV shows such as "Opportunity Knocks" and "Royal Variety Performance". In the 1990s, he starred in many shows such as "Freddie Starr" (1993–94), "The Freddie Starr Show" (1996–98) and "An Audience with Freddie Starr" (1996).

Starr is also well-known for being the subject of a headline by "The Sun" in 1986. The tabloid's headline, "Freddie Starr ate my hamster", became one of the UK's most known headlines.

Starr was born in Huyton, Lancashire. He was investigated by police as part of the Operation Yewtree sex crimes. He was never charged.

Starr died of heart disease on 9 May 2019 at his home in Mijas, on the Costa del Sol, Spain. He was 76.

Batta, Libya

Battah or Batta () is a village in eastern Libya, almost northeast of Al Marj.

Sergey Dorenko

Sergey Leonidovich Dorenko (; 18 October 1959 – 9 May 2019) was a Russian journalist and news presenter. He hosted "Vremya", the main evening newscast in Russia, between 1996 and 1999. He began hosting his own show, a controversial weekly news commentary program in 1999. After his criticism of the government's response to the "Kursk" submarine disaster, his show was cancelled in 2000. He also served as deputy director of ORT. He was born in Kerch, Crimea.

On 9 May 2019, Dorenko crashed his motorcycle in Moscow after having had a heart attack. He was taken to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. He was 59.

Eric Cornell

Eric Allin Cornell (born December 19, 1961) is an American physicist. Together with Carl E. Wieman he synthesized the first Bose–Einstein condensate in 1995. In 2001 Cornell, Wieman, and Wolfgang Ketterle shared the Nobel Prize in Physics for their work.

Jim Hawkes

Frederick James Hawkes (June 21, 1934 – May 9, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. He served as a member of of the Canadian Parliament for Calgary West from 1979 to 1993. After the 1993 federal election, future Prime Minister Stephen Harper became the MP for Calgary West. Hawkes was born in Calgary, Alberta. His daughter is actress Terri Hawkes.

Hawkes had dementia in his final years. He died on May 9, 2019 in Calgary, at the age of 84.


Abul Khayr Alonto

Abul Khayr Dangcal Alonto (30 October 1945 – 9 May 2019) was a Filipino politician, lawyer and businessman. He served as the chairman of the Mindanao Development Authority (MinDA) from September 2016 until his death in May 2019. He was the first Muslim to chair MinDa. Alonto was born in Marawi, Lanao.

Alonto died of pneumonia on 9 May 2019 in Quezon City. He was 73.

Daredevil (Marvel Comics character)

Daredevil is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is commonly known by such epithets as the "Man Without Fear", the "Devil of Hell's Kitchen", and is the alias of Matt Murdock, who is blind, but sees more than any seeing person. After pushing an old man out of the way of a car, he gets hit and radioactive chemicals get into his eyes and blind him, but also give his other senses super powers. Super hearing, boosted touch sensitivity, smell and taste. He lives in Hell's Kitchen, a fictional place in New York. His friends are Foggy Nelson and Karen Page. He has also met The Punisher, Iron Fist, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and the group the Hand. His first appearance in a comic was "Daredevil" #1. He was created by Stan Lee and Bill Everett.

Matt Murdock was played by Ben Affleck in the 2003 movie "Daredevil". Most recently he was played by Charlie Cox in the Marvel Television productions "Daredevil" and "The Defenders" on Netflix, set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Affleck later made a cameo in a deleted scene of Elektra. Cox reprised his role for the movie "" in 2021, in the series in 2022, and for the upcoming series "".

Allison Anders

Mary Allison Anders (or just Allison Anders; born November 16, 1954) is an American independent movie director. Her movies include "Gas Food Lodging", "Mi Vida Loca" and "Grace of My Heart".

Anders' movies have been shown at Cannes Film Festival and at Sundance Film Festival. 

Anders was awarded a MacArthur Genius Grant and a Peabody Award.

Anders was born near Ashland, Kentucky


Alburnoides ohridanus

Alburnoides ohridanus is a species of freshwater fish that lives in North Macedonia and Albania.

Parham's riffle minnow

Parham's riffle minnow (scientific name: "Alburnoides parhami") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Iran.

Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba

Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba (28 July 1951 – 10 May 2019) was a Spanish politician, professor and chemist. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Spain, under Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, from 2010 to 2011. Before this, he served as Minister of Education (1992–1993), as Minister of the Presidency (1993–1996), as Minister of the Interior (2006–2011) and as acting Minister of Defence between May and June 2008. He also served as Leader of the Opposition from 2011 to 2014. Pérez Rubalcaba was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). He was the party's Secretary-General from 2012 to 2014.

Pérez Rubalcaba was born in Solares, Cantabria. He gained a Ph.D. in organic chemistry at the Complutense University of Madrid.He married Pilar Goya in 1979.

Pérez Rubalcaba died of a stroke in Majadahonda, Community of Madrid on 10 May 2019. He was 67.


Alburnoides petrubanarescui

Alburnoides petrubanarescui is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Iran.

Alburnoides prespensis

Alburnoides prespensis is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Greece, North Macedonia and Albania.

Alburnoides qanati

Alburnoides qanati is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Iran.

Recep's chub

Recep's chub ("Alburnoides recepi") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Turkey. It belongs to the family Cyprinidae in the order Cypriniformes.

Alburnoides rossicus

Alburnoides rossicus is a type of freshwater fish.

Park Ji-yeon

Park Ji-yeon is a South Korean singer and actress. She is known by the stage name Jiyeon. She has been a member of girl group T-ara since 2009. She also performs as a solo artist and is an actress in movies and television.

Park was born in Seoul, South Korea, on June 7, 1993. She went to Hyehwa Girls' High School and Lila Art High School.

She and Hahm Eun-jung are the only two members of T-ara to be trained in acting. Park had a desire to be a model. In 2008, she was in several advertisements for clothing.

In early 2009 she sang with Davichi and SeeYa in the song "Women's Generation". This made her the first member of T-ara to appear in public. She also was in SG Wannabe's music videos "I Love You" and "Crybaby" in 2009.

He first appearance with T-ara was on July 29, 2009.

In 2010, Park was in the movie "Master of Study". That same year, she had a lead role in horror film "Death Bell 2: Bloody Camp". She was also in the movie "Jungle Fish 2".

In 2010, Park became the host for MBC's "Show! Music Core", alongside Bae Suzy, Choi Min-ho and Onew. She also was in SBS's television show "Heroes".

In 2011, Park was a voice actor in the Korean translation of "Gnomeo and Juliet".

In 2012, she was in the drama "Dream High 2".

Park made her solo debut in May 2014. It was with her song "Never Ever". The music video ranked number one on China's YinYueTai for two weeks.

In June 2014, Park was in MBC's television series "Triangle". The same month, she began hosting SBS MTV's "The Show: All About K-pop".

In May 2015, Park was in the Korean-Chinese movie "Encounter". In July 2015, she sang the song "Summer Love" with 2BiC's Jun-hyung.

In 2016, Park was in the drama "My Runway". The drama was released on Netflix in December 2016.

In February 2017, Park said she would make a new solo album. It was later cancelled.

In early 2018, Park and her fellow T-ara members left MBK Entertainment when their contracts finished. While they stated they would stay together as a group, they have not released any new music as a group since then. In May 2018, Park joined Chinese agency Longzhen Culture Development. She then made a song with Vietnamese singer Soobin Hoàng Sơn. The title is "Between Us". In November 2018, she signed with Partners Park for her work in Korea. In December 2018, Park made music videos for her song "One Day"

In 2019, she was cast in the drama "Let Me Hear Your Song".

Park Ji-yeon at Hancinema

Samii's riffle minnow

Samii's riffle minnow (scientific name: "Alburnoides samiii") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Iran.

Tabarestan riffle minnow

The Tabarestan riffle minnow (scientific name: "Alburnoides tabarestanensis") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Iran.

Elihu Root

Elihu Root (February 15, 1845 – February 7, 1937) was an American lawyer and politician. Root was United States Secretary of State under President Theodore Roosevelt and United States Secretary of War under President Roosevelt and President William McKinley. He was later a United States Senator from New York until 1915. In 1912, he received the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in developing the International Court of Justice, a court where countries could solve legal disputes.

Root was born in Clinton, New York in 1845. His father Oren Root was a mathematics professor at Hamilton College. Elihu studied at Hamilton College and graduated in 1864. He taught physical education classes in Rome, New York for a couple years before going to law school at New York University in New York City.

After law school, Root began to work as a lawyer. His clients included future president Chester A. Arthur. When Arthur became President of the United States after the assassination of James A. Garfield, he hired Root as a US Attorney for the state of New York.

Under President William McKinley and President Theodore Roosevelt, Root was United States Secretary of War from 1899–1904. While Secretary, Root made the United States Military Academy at West Point larger. When he left office he again worked as a lawyer.

President Roosevelt asked Root to return to office in 1905 after the death of United States Secretary of State John Hay.

Kimberly Peirce

Kimberly Peirce (born September 8, 1967) is an American movie maker and movie director. Her first movie was the Academy Award Winning "Boys Don't Cry".

Peirce directed the remake of the 1976 horror movie "Carrie" in 2013.

Pierce was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.


Striped bystranka

The striped bystranka (scientific name: "Alburnoides taeniatus") is a type of freshwater fish.

Alburnoides varentsovi

Alburnoides varentsovi is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Turkmenistan.

Hyomin

Park Sun-young is a is a South Korean singer and actress. She is known by the stage name Hyomin. She has been a member of girl group T-ara since 2009. She also performs as a solo artist and is an actress in movies and television.

Hyomin was born on May 30, 1989, in Busan, South Korea. She is the only child in her family. She went to Sungkyunkwan University.

In 1997, Hyomin won the MiMi Princess modeling contest at the age of 8. She went on to modeled for online shopping malls in later years. She trained for music with JYP Entertainment and was thought of as a possible member of Wonder Girls. She then was in music videos, such as SS501's "Unlock", SG Wannabe's "Smooth Break-Up" and FT Island's "Heaven".

In 2009 Hyomin became as a member of T-ara. The group made their debut on July 30 with their song "Lie". In 2009 and 2010, Hyomin was in the KBS' television show "Invincible Youth". In November 2009, Hyomin was in the musical "I Really Really Like You". Fellow T-ara member Jeon Bo-ram was in the same musical.

In 2010, Hyomin sang on the soundtrack for television show "Coffee House". She was also in the drama "My Girlfriend is a Nine-Tailed Fox".

In 2011, Hyomin was in the horror film "Gisaeng Ryung,".

In 2012, Hyomin was in the musical "Our Youth Roly-Poly" along with other T-ara members Park Ji-yeon and Park So-yeon. Hyomin was also in the Chinese version of "We Got Married". She also had a role in the MBC's show "The Thousandth Man".

On February 10, 2013, Hyomin was cast in a lead role in the Japanese film "Jinx!!!"

In April 2013, Hyomin was in a girl group called T-ara N4 along with other T-ara members Hahm Eun-jung, Park Ji-yeon and Areum.

Hyomin made her first solo album in 2014. It was called "Make Up" and has the lead single "Nice Body". She made a single called "Fake It" later in the year.

In 2016, Hyomin made the single "Still". She also made her second extended play album called "Sketch".

In early 2018, Park and her fellow T-ara members left MBK Entertainment when their contracts finished. They stated they would stay together as a group. However, they have not released any new music as a group since then. In May 2018, Hyomin joined Sublime Artist Agency. In September 2018, Hyomin made a single called "Mango".

In January 2019, Hyomin made a new single called "U Um U Um". Then in February, 2019, Hyomin released her album "Allure".

For T-ara's performance of "Roly-Poly" in 2011, Hyomin designed her own clothing.

In 2012, Hyomin started her own clothing line.

In 2019, Hyomin started a cosmetic brand named called "MINITT".

Hyomin at Hancinema
Hyomin at IMDb

Park Sun-young

Park Sun-young (born 17 February 1968) is a South Korean taekwondo athlete. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantamweight event. 

At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she became Asian Champion in 1988 after winning the bronze medal in 1986.

Velioglu's chub

Velioglu's chub (scientific name: "Alburnoides velioglui") is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Turkey.

Qri

Lee Ji-hyun is a South Korean singer and actress. She goes by the stage name Qri. She is known for being the leader of T-ara, which is one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. She also has performed as a solo artist and is an actress in television.

Qri was born on 12 December 1986. She went to Juyeob High School. Then she attended Myungji University.

Qri joined T-ara in mid-2009.

In July 2013, Qri became the leader of T-ara.

Qri, Boram and Soyeon formed QBS in May 2013. QBS was focused on the Japanese market. They released their first song in 2013. It is called "Kaze no You ni" (風のように, Like the Wind).

In September 2009, Qri has a role in the television drama "Queen Seondeok".

In 2010, she had a cameo appearance in the drama "Master of Study". Later that year she had a lead role on KBS's drama "Southern Trader Kim Chul Soo's Update". Qri also made a cameo appearance in SBS' drama "Giant".

In 2011 she was in KBS' drama "King Geunchogo" with fellow T-ara member Hahm Eun-jung.

Qri at IMDb

T-ara albums

This discography is a list of the albums and singles by T-ara. T-ara is a South Korean girl group. They have made four studio albums. One of these was re-released under a different title. They have made nine extended plays, of which four were also re-released under different titles. They have two compilation albums, two remix albums, thirty-six singles, and six promotional singles.

T-ara's first studio album was released in 2009. It is called "Absolute First Album". It peaked at number two on the Gaon Album Chart. It also included two Korean top ten singles. These were "Bo Peep Bo Peep" and "Like the First Time". The 2010 reissue of the album titled "Breaking Heart" made it to number two on the Gaon Album Chart and sold over 40,695 physical units in South Korea. It lead to the single "You Drive Me Crazy" (). This song made it to number one on the Gaon Digital Chart. It sold over three million digital copies. It was the fifth best-selling single of 2010 in South Korea.

T-ara's first extended play (EP) was released in 2010. It is called "Temptastic". It lead to two Gaon top five singles. These were "What's Wrong" () and "Yayaya". In 2011 T-ara released the EP called "John Travolta Wannabe" (). It made it to number three on the Gaon Album Chart. It lead to the single "Roly-Poly", which made it to the first place on the Korea K-Pop Hot 100 chart. It became the highest-selling digital single of 2011 in South Korea. It had over four million digital downloads.

In 2011 and 2012, T-ara continued to have popular releases. These included the number-one singles "Cry Cry", "Were In Love" (), and "Lovey-Dovey". The last of these was the second highest-selling digital single of 2012 in South Korea. It had over 3.7 million digital units sold. T-ara released their first Japanese language album in 2012. It is called "Jewelry Box". It made it to number two on the Oricon chart. Its lead single, the Japanese language version of "Bo Peep Bo Peep", made number one on the Oricon chart and the Japan Hot 100. It sold more than 100,000 units in Japan. A month later, T-ara returned to Korean language music with songs "Day by Day" and "Mirage". The songs "Day by Day" and "Sexy Love" made it to the top ten of the Gaon Digital Chart. They were among the top 100 best-selling singles in South Korea in 2012.

In 2013, T-ara made a second Japanese studio album. It is called "Treasure Box". This album made it to number four on the Oricon chart. It lead to two Oricon top five singles. These were "Sexy Love" and "Bunny Style!" (). T-ara also made their fifth Korean EP in 2013. It is called "Again" and made it to number two on the Gaon Album Chart. It lead to the single "Number Nine" (), which made it to number five on the Gaon Digital Chart. It also made it to number four on the Korea K-Pop Hot 100.

In 2015, the group made two more EPs. These were "And & End" (2014), and "So Good" (2015). Both of these made it to the top ten of the Gaon Album Chart. The album "And & End" included the song "Sugar Free". This became the group's highest-charting song on the "Billboard" World Digital Songs, at number four.



Abel Ferrara

Abel Ferrara (born July 19, 1951) is an American movie maker. In his movies there is provocative and controversial content. His best known movies are "Ms. 45" (1981), "Cat Chaser" (1989), "King of New York" (1990), "Dangerous Game" and "The Funeral" (1996).

Ferrara later directed the movie "'R Xmas" (2001). He directed the movie "Mary" in 2005. That was about religion and Jesus Christ.

Ferrara was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Eric Stoltz

Eric Stoltz (born September 30, 1961) is an American actor, movie director and producer. He played Rocky Dennis in the 1985 movie "Mask". He was later nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture.

Stoltz later acted in the movies "Sleep with Me", "Pulp Fiction", "Killing Zoe", "Little Women" and "Jerry Maguire".

Stoltz was born near Whittier, California.

The Funeral (movie)

The Funeral is a 1996 American crime-drama movie. Abel Ferrara directed the movie.

The movie begins with the burial of one of the three Tempio brothers. These men are violent criminals. Mourning the death of their beloved brother Johnny are Chez and Ray. The earlier is hot tempered. The latter is cold and calculating. Flashbacks show that Johnny was more sensitive.

The main suspect in Johnny's murder is rival gangster Gaspare Spoglia.

However, as it turns out, Johnny wasn't murdered by rival gangsters. Johnny was murdered by a man who said Johnny had raped his girlfriend. Just before Ray kills him, the man admits he wanted revenge because Johnny had beaten him up in front of his girlfriend and his friends.

As he buries the dead murderer, Chez is looking back on his brothers' lives before the tragedy. He then returns to Ray's house and kills Ray and all of Ray's bodyguards. Chez then shoots Johnny, who is already dead. Finally, Chez puts the gun in his own mouth and commits suicide. The family women wail over Ray's dying body.


Rotten Tomatoes rates this movie at 79% "Variety" called the cast "top notch" and said the movie was "an easier pic to enjoy".

Chris Penn won the best supporting actors' award at the 1996 Venice Film Festival.

Pua Magasiva

Pua Magasiva (10 August 1980 – 11 May 2019) was a Samoan-born New Zealand actor. He is best known for his roles as Shane Clarke, the Red Ranger, in "Power Rangers Ninja Storm" and as nurse Vinnie Kruse in the soap opera "Shortland Street". He was also one of the co-hosts of the radio station Flava. He also appeared in the horror movie "30 Days of Night" (2007).

Magasiva was born in Apia, capital of Samoa. He grew up in Wellington. He was the younger brother of actor Robbie Magasiva.

On 11 May 2019, Magasiva was found dead in Wellington.

Differential privacy

Differential privacy is a mathematically-rigorous definition of privacy. An algorithm uses a dataset to calculate its output. An algorithm is said to be differentially private if, based on its output, it is impossible to tell whether or not a "particular individual" was in the dataset. 

In simpler terms, this property is fulfilled if the algorithm's behavior does not noticeably change when a single individual joins or leaves the dataset.

Dauphin, Manitoba

Dauphin (French for "heir to the French throne", see Dauphin of France) is a city in Manitoba, Canada, located in western Manitoba near Duck Mountain Provincial Park and Riding Mountain National Park, west of Lake Manitoba and Dauphin Lake, and south of Lake Winnipegosis.

As the largest city within the Parkland, Dauphin has a trading area of over 50,000 people. A large part of Dauphin's economy is based on agriculture, with farms in this area of the province producing grains, oilseeds, honey, and livestock. It is served by Provincial Trunk Highways 5, 10, and 20 and is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Dauphin.

The nearby lake was given the name "Dauphin" by the explorer Pierre Gaultier de Varennes, sieur de La Vérendrye in 1741 in honour of the heir to the French throne.

Dauphin has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfb") with cold winters and warm summers.


The Markup

The Markup is a non-profit news startup.

The Markup was founded in 2018 to report on the effects of technology on society. Its mission is to "hold the powerful to account, raise the cost of bad behavior, and spur reforms."

The executive director of the markup is Sue Gardner. 

Grey partridge

The grey partridge ("Perdix perdix") is a 30 cm tall bird. It is brown-backed and has grey flanks and chest. The belly is white, usually marked with a large chestnut-brown horse-shoe mark. This mark should not only be the detail to divide into male or female partridge. When disturbed or if it feels danger, it flies a short distance. The song is a harsh "kieerr-ik" or "keev-it" and often calling "rick rick rick" or "it-it-it".

Partridges live in open country including farmland, moorland, downs, steppes, semi-desserts and sand dunes. They prefer a warm and dry climate. They eat grains, seeds and small insects.

The scientific name is the Latin for "partridge", and is itself derived from Ancient Greek "perdix".

I Don't Care (Ed Sheeran and Justin Bieber song)

"I Don't Care" is a song recorded by English singer Ed Sheeran and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on May 10, 2019. as the lead single from Sheeran's fourth studio album, "No. 6 Collaborations Project". The two wrote the song with Jason Boyd and its producers, Fred Gibson, Max Martin, and Shellback. The song is Sheeran's and Bieber's third collaboration together. Sheeran co-wrote Bieber's 2015 song "Love Yourself", and the two appeared on the 2019 single "Earth" by rapper Lil Dicky.

The song entered at the top of the Australian and UK charts and at number two in the US and New Zealand.

Luisa Eugenia Navas

Luisa E. Navas (born 1918 in Chillán; died 18 November 2020 in Santiago), also called Eugenia Navas, is a Chilean botanist and professor in Pharmacy School of the Chilean University.

1973
Flora de la cuenca de Santiago de Chile. Tomo I. Pteridophyta, Gimnospermae, Monocotyledoneae. Ediciones de la Universidad de Chile, Santiago, Chile. 301 pp.


Bert Cooper

Bertram Cooper (January 10, 1966 – May 10, 2019), nicknamed Smokin' Bert Cooper, was an American professional boxer. He was a boxer in the heavyweight division. He famously fought Evander Holyfield, George Foreman, Riddick Bowe, Michael Moorer, Chris Byrd, Ray Mercer and Corrie Sanders. Cooper challenged three times for a world title. He had 63 pro fights, winning 38 (31 by knockout) and losing 25. He was born in Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania.

Cooper died of pancreatic cancer on May 10, 2019. He was 53.

Gianni De Michelis

Giovanni "Gianni" De Michelis (26 November 1940 – 11 May 2019) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI). He notably had many government minister roles during the 1980s and early 1990s. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Italy from 1988 to 1989, and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1989 to 1992. He also served as Minister of State Holdings (1980–1983) and Minister of Labour and Social Policies (1983–1987). He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies (1976–1994) and the European Parliament (2004–2009). He was born in Venice.

De Michelis died in Venice on 11 May 2019, at the age of 78.


Hector Busby

Sir Hector "Hec" Busby (1 August 1932 – 11 May 2019) was a New Zealand Māori navigator and waka builder. He is also known by his Māori name Heke-nuku-mai-nga-iwi Puhipi. He built 26 traditional waka, a Māori canoe. He sailed over 30,000 nautical miles in the Pacific including Hawaii, Cook Islands, French Polynesia, New Caledonia and Norfolk Island. He was award many honours for services to Māori people, including Member of the Order of the British Empire (1994), Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit (2014) and Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit (2018).

Busby died on 11 May 2019, at the age of 86.

Gordon Neate

Gordon Neate (14 March 1941 – 10 May 2019) was an English professional footballer. He played as a full back.

Neate was born in Reading. He joined his hometown club as a teenager. He played his first professional game in April 1959. He played 99 games for Reading before retiring due to injury in 1966. He remained at Reading as a non-playing staff member. He retired as the club's groundsman in 2009.

Neate died on 10 May 2019, at the age of 78.

Jon Gittens

Jonathan Antoni Gittens (22 January 1964 – 11 May 2019) was an English professional footballer. He played as a centre back.

Gittens was born in Moseley, Birmingham. He started his career playing for Southampton. He played for Swindon Town from 1987 to 1991, making over 120 appearances for the club. He returned to Southampton in 1991. He later played for Middlesbrough, Portsmouth, Torquay United and Exeter City. He also managed non-league football teams after retiring from playing.

Gittens died on 11 May 2019, at the age of 55.

Designated School Official

Designated School Official (DSO) is an official U.S. term for anyone who officially represents an American college or university in matters dealing with F-1 (visa category for foreign students to enter the United States) affairs. A school appoints its DSO, but it must also be approved by the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services (BCIS), which is a federal government body.

The duties of the DSO include signing immigration documents for foreign students. The DSO also supports and advises foreign students.


List of women composers

This is an alphabetical list of women composers:




List of women lawyers

This is an alphabetical list of women lawyers.

Silver King (wrestler)

César Cuauhtémoc González Barrón (9 January 1968 – 11 May 2019), better known by his ring name Silver King, was a Mexican professional wrestler and actor. He was a "luchador enmascarado" (masked wrestler). He worked for Universal Wrestling Association (UWA), Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Lucha Libre AAA World Wide (AAA), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW), New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) and other smaller federations all over the world. He played the villain, Ramses, in the movie "Nacho Libre" (2006), starring Jack Black. He was born in Torreón, Coahuila.

On 11 May 2019, González was part of a wrestling match against Juventud Guerrera in Camden Town, London, England. During the bout, he had heart attack and died. He was 51.

N. R. Madhava Menon

Neelakanta Ramakrishna Madhava Menon (4 May 1935 – 8 May 2019) was an Indian lawyer and educator. He has been called the main figure of modern legal education in India. He was founder and director of the National Law School of India University (NLSIU) and the National Judicial Academy. He also served as founder and vice-chancellor of the West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences (NUJS). Menon was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour, by the government in 2003. He was born in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.

Menon died of liver cancer in Thiruvananthapuram on 8 May 2019. He was 84.

Rezo Cheishvili

Revaz (Rezo) Cheishvili (, 24 April 1933 – 11 September 2015) was a Georgian writer and scriptwriter.

Cheishvili was born in Kutaisi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union in 1933. He moved to Tbilisi, the capital, in 1954 to continue his studies. In 1958 he graduated from Tbilisi State University with a degree in Georgian language and literature.

Cheishvili worked from 1961 to 1992 at the 'Georgian Film' studio as a film editor and served on the Film Script Administrative Board. He was a leading member of the Creative Association. He edited various Georgian literary journals and newspapers.

Rezo Cheishvili was the scriptwriter of feature-length films "My Friend Nodari", "Samanishvili’s Stepmother" and the widely famed "The Blue Mountains", which was directed by noted Georgian director Eldar Shengelaia.

Cheishvili’s short stories and novels have been published in several countries.

Cheishvili died at his Kutaisi apartment on 11 September, 2015, aged 82.



David Gordon Wilson

David Gordon Wilson (11 February 1928 – 2 May 2019) was a British engineer. He served as a professor of engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the United States. He is known for, along with Chester Kyle, starting the modern recumbent bicycle movement in the US. Wilson also invented carbon tax in 1973. He co-founded Wilson TurboPower, a company focused on the development of microturbines, in 2001. He was born in Warwickshire.

Wilson died on 2 May 2019 in Winchester, Massachusetts. He was 91.

Kyler Murray

The first round pick of the NFL draft, Kyler Murray was selected by the Arizona Cardinals. He played in Oklahoma. He won the Heisman Trophy in 2018, which is an award for the most outstanding college football player in the United States.

Baker Mayfield

Baker Mayfield (born April 14, 1995) is an American football player for the NFL. He selected 1st overall by the Cleveland Browns in 2018 and started for the Browns for two seasons. After two seasons at Carolina, he is now the starting quarterback at Tampa Bay. Before that, he played college football at Texas Tech University before he moved on to Oklahoma University, where won the Heisman Trophy, which is an award for the most outstanding college football player in the nation. 

In his first year, Mayfield broke a record for most touchdown passes by a rookie and also helped the Browns rebound from a very bad season the previous year. In 2020, he helped Cleveland make the playoffs for the first time since 2002, and they also won a playoff game. However, after Mayfield struggled with injuries in 2021 and did not get along with new coach Kevin Stefanski, the Browns traded for embattled quarterback Deshaun Watson, all but marking the end of Mayfield's time in Cleveland. Mayfield himself was traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers before the 2023-2024 season.

Mayfield was born on April 14, 1995 in Austin, Texas to James and Gina Mayfield and has two brothers. He played high school football for Lake Travis High School and grew up a fan of Oklahoma. Mayfield's father James played football for the University of Houston and eventually became a businessman focusing on private equity. The Mayfield family was well off until they ran into hard times during Baker's last year of high school, when they had to sell their house.

Mayfield first decided to enroll at Texas Tech University after finishing high school. He signed up for their football team as a walk-on, and eventually became their starting quarterback that year. He did well for the first few games before he got hurt and was benched for Davis Webb.

Mayfield transferred to Oklahoma after his first year, as he believed his treatment at Texas Tech was not fair. Because of rules for transfer students, Mayfield would have to sit out for one year in 2014 before being able to play for Oklahoma in 2015. This sparked a debate and eventually led to the creation of the "Baker Mayfield rule", which allows walk-on players to play immediately after transferring to another school in the same conference.

After winning the competition for starting quarterback from previous starter Trevor Knight in 2015, Mayfield passed for over 3,700 yards and averaged almost 40 passing touchdowns in all three years he was Oklahoma's quarterback. He finished near the top in Heisman Trophy voting before winning it in his senior year. Oklahoma would also win the Big 12 Conference championship in all three years, also making it to the Sugar Bowl in 2016 and the Rose Bowl in 2017.

East Moriches, New York

East Moriches is a small community in Long Island, New York with a population of about 6,000 people. It is in the town of Brookhaven. It is near Center Moriches or Moriches. East Moriches is near where the TWA flight 800 disaster happened.

Old Sugar Mill of Koloa

The Old Sugar Mill of Kōloa was a sugarcane plantation in Hawaii. It was one of the first plantation to be profitable. The Mill was founded by a company called Ladd & Company in 1935. The Mill location was on an island called Kauai in Kōloa. This was the start of the sugarcane plantation industry in Hawaii. The sugarcane industry is Hawwii largest industry. The Mill Building was named as a National Historic Landmark on December 29, 1962. A stone chimey and the lowest part of the building (or called Building foundation) remains today. They were build in the 1840.


Frederick Brownell

Frederick Gordon Brownell (8 March 1940 – 10 May 2019) was a South African herald, vexillologist and genealogist. He is best known for designing the flags of Namibia and South Africa. He also designed many coats of arms. He served as the Herald of South Africa from 1982 to 2002. He was a founding member of the Southern African Vexillological Association (SAVA). He was born in Bethlehem, Free State.

Brownell died of cancer on 10 May 2019 in Pretoria, Gauteng. He was 79.

Herobust

Hayden Jerome Kramer, better known by his stage name Herobust, is an American electronic music DJ and record producer. His music style includes trap, bass and dubstep. His EP "I'm Aloud" peaked at #22 on the "Billboard" "Top Dance/Electronic Albums" chart in February 2016. Herobust has been featured on "Rolling Stone", "Vice", "The Huffington Post" and MTV. He is from Atlanta, Georgia.

Héctor Enrique Olivares

Héctor Enrique Olivares (18 February 1958 − 12 May 2019) was an Argentine politician, engineer and agricultural producer. He was a member of the Radical Civic Union (UCR). He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2015 until his death in 2019. He was born in La Rioja.

On 9 May 2019, Olivares and his adviser, Miguel Marcelo Yadón, were badly injured after being shot in Buenos Aires. The men were taken to a nearby hospital, where Yadón was pronounced dead. Olivares died of his injuries on 12 May 2019, three days after the attack.

Religion in North Macedonia

The Orthodox Church today is the main religion of North Macedonia. About 63% of the population of North Macedonia are Orthodox Christians.

Islam is the second religious group with one-fourth of the total population of Macedonia or 33.33% of the total population, with most of Albanian and Turkish people, along with the minority of the Macedonian people. There are higher estimates that says at least 36% of the population are Muslims.

By 2020, Orthodox Christianity will fall about 53.7%, Muslims will increase to 43.6%, and other Christian domination will be 1%, Irreligious will be 1.3%, and other religions will make 0.4%.

Marble run

A marble run is a course made for a small ball (or marble) and the aim is for it travel from the start to finish with no flaws.

To make a marble run you need a small ball. After that, you make a course using anything you can find (see: Rube Goldberg machine)

A marble is a small glass ball and is more commonly used for the game 'marbles.'

A German glassblower invented marble scissors, a device for making marbles, in 1846. The first mass-produced toy marbles (clay) made in the US were made in Akron, Ohio, by S. C. Dyke, in the early 1890s. Some of the first US-produced glass marbles were also made in Akron, by James Harvey Leighton.

Shishapangma

Shishapangma is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Tibet, China. It is also known as Gosainthān. It is the 14th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Xǔ Jìng and his expedition, in 1964.

Gyachung Kang

Gyachung Kang is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Nepal and China. It is the 15th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Yukihiko Kato, Kiyoto Sakaizawa, and Sirdar Pasang Putra Three, in 1964.

Annapurna II

Annapurna II is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Nepal. It is the 16th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Richard Grant, Chris Bonington, and Ang Nyima, in 1960.

Ngadi Chuli

Ngadi Chuli is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Nepal. It is also known as Peak 29, Dakura, Dakum, Dunapurna, and Gurkha Massif. It is the 20th highest mountain in the world. The first confirmed people to reach the top were Ryszard Gajewski and Maciej Pawlikowski, in 1979. Hiroshi Watanabe and Lhakpa Tsering may have made it to the top earlier, in 1970. However, they died on the way down, and their camera was damaged. So, while the other members of their expedition believed that they made it, it cannot be confirmed.

Paul-Werner Scheele

Paul-Werner Scheele (6 April 1928 – 10 May 2019) was a German Roman Catholic bishop and theologian. He was born in Olpe. He became a priest in 1952. He was named Auxiliary Bishop of Paderborn in 1975. In 1979, he became the Bishop of Würzburg, serving until his retirement in 2003.

Scheele died on 10 May 2019 in Würzburg, at the age of 91.

Cyprinidae

Cyprinidae are a family of freshwater fish. They are in the class Actinopterygii, and include more than 3000 different species. They have a maximum length of over 2.5 metres (8 feet 2 inches) but most types of cyprinidae are smaller than 5cm (2 inches).

George Avis Fulcher

George Avis Fulcher (January 30, 1922 – January 25, 1984) was a bishop of Columbus, Ohio and later a bishop of Lafayette, Indiana.

Harold Lederman

Harold Lederman (January 26, 1940 – May 11, 2019) was an American professional boxing judge and analyst. He began his career as a boxing judge in 1967 and joined the cast of "HBO World Championship Boxing" in 1986. He stayed in this role until HBO dropped boxing in 2018. He was added to the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2016. He was born in the Bronx, New York. He was a Columbia University graduate.

Lederman died of cancer on May 11, 2019, at the age of 79.

1949–50 Rochester Royals season

The 1949–50 NBA season was the second season for the Rochester Royals in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

! colspan="2" style="background-color: #FFFFFF; color: #0046AD; text-align: center;" | Rochester Royals 1949–50 roster
! Players !! Coaches

Rochester Royals vs. Minneapolis Lakers: "Lakers win series 1-0"



1949–50 Fort Wayne Pistons season

The 1949–50 NBA season was the second season for the Fort Wayne Pistons in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and ninth as a franchise. 

! colspan="2" style="background-color: #00519a; color: #FFFFFF; text-align: center;" | Fort Wayne Pistons 1949–50 roster
! Players !! Coaches

! Pos. !! # !! Nat. !! Name !! Ht. !! Wt. !! From

Fort Wayne Pistons vs. Chicago Stags: "Pistons win series 1-0"




1996–97 Utah Jazz season

The 1996–97 NBA season was the Jazz's 23rd season in the National Basketball Association, and 18th season in Salt Lake City, Utah.

 Also one of the best Utah Jazz draft picks was Edgar Nave (Utah Utes)

(1) Utah Jazz vs. (8) Los Angeles Clippers
Last Playoff Meeting: 1992 Western Conference First Round (Utah won 3–2)

(1) Utah Jazz vs. (4) Los Angeles Lakers
Last Playoff Meeting: 1988 Western Conference Semifinals (Los Angeles won 4-3)

(1) Utah Jazz vs. (3) Houston Rockets
Last Playoff Meeting: 1995 Western Conference First Round (Houston won 3-2)
In the finals, the Jazz faced the Chicago Bulls losing the first two games on the road. However, the Jazz upon arriving at the Delta Center continued their home court advantage by taking Game 3, and Game 4 to even the series. With a chance to take a series lead in Game 5, the Jazz were beaten by a heroic performance by Michael Jordan playing with the flu like ailment 90-88. Back in Chicago for Game 6, the Jazz battled the Bulls tightly before falling by four points as the Bulls won their fifth title in seven years.

(E1) Chicago Bulls vs. (W1) Utah Jazz


Everytime We Touch (album)

Everytime We Touch is an album by German pop group Cascada.

The album was accidentally released on iTunes for digital download on 11 February 2006, ten days before its scheduled release. It was said to be a computer error. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 67, selling over 17,000 copies in its first week. It has gone on to sell over 100,000 copies in the US.

In the United Kingdom, the album entered the charts at #6. It then went on to peak at #2. It spent 28 weeks in the UK Albums Top 75, and 35 weeks in the Ireland Albums Top 75 (where it peaked at #1). The album went on to sell over 600,000 copies in the UK, achieving Platinum Certification.

Arif Malikov

Arif Malikov (also Melikov; 13 September 1933 – 9 May 2019) was an Azerbaijani composer. His first major composition "Legend of Love" was staged at the Kirov State Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet in Leningrad. The ballet was staged in many countries in Europe.

The ballet "Legend of Love", is based upon the legend of "Farhad and Shirin". Malikov went on to write music for two more ballets, including "Yer üzündə iki nəfər (balet)" ("Dvoe" or "Two") (1967) and "Poem of Two Hearts" (1981).

Malikov died on 9 May 2019, at the age of 85.


Hayat Saif

Hayat Saif (, born Saiful Islam Khan; 16 December 1942 – 13 May 2019) was a Bangladeshi poet and literary critic. He became well-known during the 1960s. He published eight poetry collections. He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 2018 for his writing. He was active in the scout movement. He was awarded the 305th Bronze Wolf Award in 2005. In 1999, he retired as chairman of the National Board of Revenue (NBR). He was born in Dhaka.

On 13 May 2019, Saif died in Dhaka, at the age of 76.

Allene Roberts

Allene Roberts Cochran (September 1, 1928 – May 9, 2019) was an American actress. She was born in Fairfield, Alabama. Her first movie role was "The Red House" (1947) starring Rory Calhoun, Julie London and Edward G. Robinson. She starred in "Knock on Any Door", "Union Station" and "Bomba on Panther Island".

Roberts died on May 9, 2019 in Huntsville, Alabama at the age of 90.


T-ara

T-ara () is a South Korean girl group. They are one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. T-ara was formed in 2009. The group mainly makes dance-pop music. This is partly due to their partnership with composer Shinsadong Tiger, who has favored that genre. T-ara uses a wide variety of visual looks in their dance and performances.

T-ara debuted in July 2009 with the single "Lies". Their first studio album was called the "Absolute First Album". It was released in December 2009 and lead to several hit songs. These included "TTL (Time to Love)", "Bo Peep Bo Peep", and "You Drive Me Crazy".

In 2011, T-ara released the song "Roly-Poly". It became the best-selling single of the year on the "Gaon" chart in South Korea. The group also became popular in Japan. Later that year they signed a contract with agency J-Rock to manage their sales in Japan. The contract was for USD 4.7 million. This was the most any Korean girl group had made in a foreign market at the time. T-ara went on to make a Japanese studio album called "Jewelry Box". This album reached number one on the "Oricon" weekly charts in Japan. Also in 2011, T-ara released the Korean album "Black Eyes". It lead to three number ones songs in a row. These were "Cry Cry", "We Were in Love" and "Lovey-Dovey".

In 2012, T-ara had a drop in popularity. The group was accused of disagreements and problems with one another. Soon after, Hwayoung left T-ara. Areum did the same a year after. After these issues, T-ara's albums and songs had mixed success in South Korea. As a result, T-ara changed their focus to China. In 2014, they made a cover of the Chopstick Brothers' song "Little Apple". After focusing on China, T-ara became one of the most popular K-pop groups in the country.

In 2017, the contracts of Soyeon and Boram were set to expire. On the other hand, Qri, Eunjung, Hyomin and Jiyeon had extended their contracts. This would reduce the members of the group from six to four. T-ara had intended to make one more album as a six-member group. However, a conflict with their management lead to a delay and it did not happen. T-ara's next release was as a four-member group. This was the EP called "What's My Name?" which was released in June 2017.

T-ara was formed by the record label Mnet Media, which is now known as Stone Music Entertainment. The original members of T-ara were Jiae, Jiwon, Eunjung, Hyomin and Jiyeon. They trained together for three years before their debut. The group's name is based on the word "tiara". The idea for the name was that they would be "queens of the music industry". Their first song came before their official debut as a group. It was "Joheun Saram" for the soundtrack of the "Cinderella Man" television show. One month before their official debut, Mnet Media changed some of the members of the group. Jiae and Jiwon left T-ara in early June 2009, and were replaced by Boram, Soyeon, and Qri. Then in early July 2009, T-ara was moved from Mnet Media to Core Contents Media. Core Contents Media is a subsidiary of Mnet Media, and is now known as MBK Entertainment.

T-ara made their debut in July 2009 on the "Radio Star" talk show. Their first performance was on the "M Countdown" music show a few days later. It included the songs "Geojitmal" (or "Lies") and "Norabollae?". The performance had negative reviews by those who watched it. Some felt was that it was lip-synced and had an "elementary school" appearance. In response, the group decided that future performances would be live. In September 2009, T-ara made the song TTL "(Time to Love)" with the boy band Supernova. It became the first number one song for both groups and topped many online charts. A month later, T-ara and Supernova made the follow up song "TTL Listen 2".

T-ara made their first studio album in November 2009, with the name "Absolute First Album". Core Contents Media held a survey to have the public help choose which song would be the title track. The choices were "Bo Peep Bo Peep" and "Cheoeum Cheoreom" (처음처럼, "Like the First Time"). Of the 9,000 people who took the survey, 53% chose "Cheoeum Cheoreom". However, "Bo Peep Bo Peep" was chosen as the title track. It made it to number four on the "Gaon" chart. "Cheoeum Cheoreom" made it to number ten. T-ara performed these songs live on the "Music Bank" television show on 4 December 2009. At the 24th Golden Disk Awards, T-ara won Rookie of the Year along with girl group 4minute.

The group won their first music show award with "Bo Peep Bo Peep" on the first day of 2010. The song went on to win five awards in total. T-ara intended to follow up with promotions for "Cheoeum Cheoreom" as well. But these had to be canceled in January 2010, as Soyeon got sick with H1N1. Later that month, T-ara had a cameo appearance in two episodes of the television show "God of Study".

In February 2010, the group re-released their debut album under the title "Breaking Heart". The digital release was on February 23. The two lead singles were "Neo Ttaemune Michyeo" (너 때문에 미쳐; "I Go Crazy Because of You") and "Naega Neomu Apa" (내가 너무 아파, "I'm Really Hurt"). "Neo Ttaemune Michyeo" made it to number one on the "Gaon" chart and "Naega Neomu Apa" made it to thirty-one. T-ara performed on the same day on "M Countdown". They went on to win three awards for "Neo Ttaemune Michyeo". The physical release of the album was March 3. It made it to number two on the weekly "Gaon" chart and number thirty-five on the yearly chart. T-ara performed "Naega Neomu Apa" on music shows in March and early April 2010.

In July 2010, T-ara added Hwayoung as a seventh member. The stated reason was to give other members some relief from their heavy schedules. It would also allow each member to be away for solo activities from time to time. In November 2010, the group starred in the third season of the reality show "Hello Baby". Later that month, T-ara released "Wae Ireoni". It is the lead single for their first extended play, which is called "Temptastic". "Temptastic" was released in December 2010, along with the single, "Yayaya". T-ara performed on "Music Bank" on December 3 with their new seventh member Hwayoung. They later won awards for "Wae Ireoni" and "Yayaya" on "M Countdown".

T-ara made their second extended play (or EP) in June 2011. The title is "John Travolta Wannabe". It made it to number three on the Gaon Album Chart. The EP's single, "Roly-Poly", made it to number two on the Gaon Digital Chart and number one on the Korea K-Pop Hot 100 chart. It became the highest-selling song of 2011 in South Korea. "Roly-Poly" won the award of Best Music Video at the 3rd Melon Music Awards. T-ara also won Singer of the Year at the 1st Gaon Chart Awards. They were also nominated for Best Dance Performance by a Female Group and Song of the Year at the 13th Mnet Asian Music Awards.

In August 2011, T-ara made a limited edition re-issue of "John Travolta Wannabe" with the title "Roly-Poly in Copacabana". The title track is a eurodance remix of "Roly-Poly". It was given the name "Roly-Poly in Copacabana" after the song "Copacabana" which was popular in the 1980's in disco clubs. The album made it to number three on the Gaon chart. The song made it to number forty-five on the Billboard Korea K-Pop Hot 100 chart. The group then performed the song on the "Music Bank" television show.

T-ara made a Japanese version of "Bo Peep Bo Peep" in September 2011. It made it to number one on the "Oricon" weekly chart. This made T-ara the first non-Japanese girl group to make it to number one on the "Oricon" chart. The song also made it to number one on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 chart.

In November 2011, T-ara made their third EP, "Black Eyes", which made it to number two on the "Gaon" charts. The album followed the release of the song "Cry Cry", which made it to number one on the Billboard Korea K-Pop Hot 100. "Cry Cry" also won two first-place awards on "M Countdown". The music video for "Cry Cry" had a billion Korean won budget and a thirty-minute drama story line. The group made their second Japanese song, a remake of "Yayaya" from their "Temptastic" EP, in November. It made it to number seven on the "Oricon" charts and number six on the Billboard Japan Hot 100.

In December 2011, the group held a three-day concert tour in Tokyo, Nagoya, and Osaka. By the end of the year, T-ara had become the second most popular girl group in Korea. Also in December, T-ara made a ballad with Davichi called "Uri Saranghaetjanha" (우리 사랑했잖아, "We Were in Love"). It was later included on T-ara's "Funky Town" re-release album. "Uri Saranghaetjanha" made it to number one on the "Gaon" chart and number two on the Billboard Korea K-Pop Hot 100. Both groups performed the song on SBS's "Inkigayo" television show.

T-ara re-released "Black Eyes" under the title "Funky Town" in January 2012. The album made it to number one on the "Gaon" weekly chart and number two on the monthly chart. "Lovey-Dovey" was the second single from the album. It made it to number one on both the "Gaon" and "Billboard Korea" charts.

In February 2012, Forbes Korea listed T-ara as number 17 in their list of "Top 40 Power Celebrities". In April, Core Contents Media announced that they would add two new members to T-ara. Areum joined T-ara in June 2012, bringing the group to eight members. The second new member was to be Dani, who was 14 years old at the time. While she starred in T-ara's "Day by Day" music video, she did not end up becoming a member.

T-ara made their first Japanese studio album in June 2012 with the title "Jewelry Box". It made it to number two on the "Oricon" weekly albums chart with sales of over 57,000 copies. Following the album release, T-ara held a concert tour in Japan.

In July 2012, T-ara released their fourth extended play (EP), with the title "Day by Day". It made it to number five on the "Gaon" chart. The title track, also called "Day by Day", was released as a single on the same day. It made it to number two on the "Gaon" chart. On July 7, T-ara performed "Day by Day" live on "Music Core" with a 70-person orchestra. This was the first time Areum performed with the group.

In late July 2012, T-ara held a concert in Japan. Hwayoung only performed one song due to a leg injury. Afterwards, one member of T-ara tweeted a message about showing determination. Later four of the other members agreed with her. After this Hwayoung and her twin sister (Hyoyoung) tweeted about a "bad person". This lead to rumors of conflict within the group. Some assumed that Hwayoung was being bullied. Soon after, Core Contents Media ended Hwayoung's contract and she left T-ara. The stated reason was that Hwayoung's actions were harming teamwork. The record label claimed that the bullying rumors were not a factor in the decision. The group stated that the rumors were not true but did confirm a conflict between Hwayoung and the others. Due to the rumors, the group put all activity on hold for a time. Their scheduled performances were postponed without a new date planned.

In September, T-ara resumed their activity as a group. In that month they released "Mirage", which was a re-issue of their "Day by Day" EP with additional songs. Two of the songs from the EP were also released as singles on the same day. These were "Sexy Love" and "Najgwa Bam (Love All)" (낮과 밤, "Day and Night"). "Sexy Love" made it to number four on the "Gaon" charts and number three on the Billboard Korea K-pop Hot 100 charts. While the new EP and song were a success, the group’s popularity suffered a drop due to the bullying rumors.

Later in September, T-ara made a Japanese version of "Day by Day". In October, T-ara released a greatest hits album in Japan. They stated that it was in celebration of one year since their Japanese debut. Also in October, T-ara made a Japanese version of "Sexy Love" and traveled to Japan to promote it.

In March 2013, T-ara released their sixth Japanese single, with the title "Bunny Style!" It was their first song made just for the Japanese market. It was released in ten different editions. Each of these included a different second song along with "Bunny Style!" Seven of them had a solo song by one of the T-ara members. Three of them had a song performed by a sub-group (a smaller group formed from members within T-ara). To promote the single, T-ara held special concerts in 10 Japanese cities.

In April, T-ara formed a sub-group with members Eunjung, Hyomin, Jiyeon, and Areum. It was given the name T-ara N4. The sub-group made the song "Jeon Won Diary".

In July 2013, T-ara performed at the Nippon Budokan to celebrate the release of their second Japanese album "Treasure Box". That album was announced for August 2013. At the concert, it was announced that Qri would be the new leader of T-ara. T-ara later released the music video "Painkiller" as a digital single. The song was made with T-ara, Davichi, See Ya, 5dolls and SPEED. Jiyeon appeared as the main character in the music video. Also in July, Core Contents Media stated that Areum would be leaving the group "towards the beginning of next year".

In August, T-ara released the music video "Bikini" featuring Davichi and Skull. T-ara then held a concert in Mongolia, along with Davichi, SPEED, and The SeeYa. In October, T-ara performed in Korea for the first time since the bullying rumors. This included their new song "Number 9" along with "Sexy Love". Four days later they released "Number Nine" as part of a mini-album with the title "Again".

In December, T-ara performed in Korea with the song "Do You Know Me". They also released a repackaged album titled "Again 1977". It contains the most popular songs from "Again". The group also released a ballad version of "Do You Know Me". Later in the month, T-ara released the Christmas song, "Hide & Seek". By the end of 2013, T-ara was ranked seventh in by number of top songs in the past decade.

T-ara planned to make China a focus in 2014, with five scheduled concerts. They held the first of these in January, in Chengdu. In February, T-ara held a concert in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, along with SPEED. In March, T-ara performed in Japan and released the singles "Lead The Way" and "LA'booN". They also made their third Japanese album and gave it the title "Gossip Girls".

In September 2014, T-ara made their sixth mini album with the title "And & End". They released it along with two music videos for the title track, "Sugar Free". The song was inspired by EDM and is part of the big room subgenre of electro house music. On September 24, a remix album was released called "EDM CLUB Sugar Free Edition". This included an English version of "Sugar Free". This was the first song T-ara recorded in English.

In October 13, T-ara signed a contract with Chinese record label Longzhen Culture Development. The contract was worth 5 billion KRW (~4.8 million USD). Then in November, T-ara made a cover version of the Chopstick Brothers' song "Little Apple". It is partly in Korean and partly in Chinese, and includes the Chopstick Brothers for the chorus. This music video had ́8 million views within the first two days.

In December, T-ara held a small concert in Seoul. This was their first concert in 2014 in Korea. Later in the month, T-ara closed out their year with a concert in Shanghai.

T-ara held a concert in Korea in early January of 2015. Soon after, they went to Vietnam to perform. On January 9, the group arrived at the airport, but had problems entering the country. So the concert had to be rescheduled. It later took place on October 10.

In February 2015, MBK Entertainment formed a project group known as TS. It included Eunjung and Soyeon as well as members of other groups. The TS group made a winter single, titled "Don't Forget Me." In March 2015, T-ara was announced as the main performer for Malaysia's Sultan Of Johor Coronation celebrations in Johor Bahru. The group appeared at the event along with Sistar, and The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo.

In June 2015, T-ara began a China tour, called the Great China Tour. The tour started with Nanjing, Beijing and Hefei. The group performed 22 songs. The next concert on their Great China Tour was held in Guangzhou on December 19.

On July 17, 2015, MBK Entertainment announced that T-ara would be part of their summer performance lineup in the first week of August. In August, T-ara's made their seventh extended play (EP), with the title "So Good". The title was track "So Crazy". The EP was composed by Brave Brothers.

In October 2015, the website "Insider Monkey" published a list of 16 best selling girl groups of all time. T-ara was number ten on the list with a total of 36.18 million sales. Later in the month T-ara appeared on the Chinese variety show "The Brain".

In June 2016, T-ara performed at the "Dream Concert 2016", with a remix of "Be Peep Bo Peep", "Roly Poly", and "So Crazy".

On September 9, T-ara performed 3 songs for the IASGO in Seoul. Then on September 11, T-ara flew to Japan for a concert at the Tokyo Dome City Hall. T-ara performed seven songs and talked to their fans. T-ara performed twice during the day, as the event was divided into 2 parts. One was in the afternoon and the other in the evening. At this concert T-ara performed their song "Memories" live for the first time. On September 17, T-ara held their last Concert in the Great China Tour at the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai. Also in September 2016, the Dong-a Ilbo newspaper listed "Roly-Poly" as the 14th favorite song of the past 20 years.

On October 1, 2016, T-ara performed at the Busan One Asia Festival. They also held a concert on October 4 and performed eight different songs.
T-ara flew to Jeju for a concert the next day, and performed five songs.

In November 2016, T-ara made their eighth extended play (EP), with the title "Remember". The lead single of the EP was "Tiamo". Their music video for "Tiamo" was voted the number one music video of the year on Fuse.

In February 2017, Hwayoung and her twin sister Hyoyoung spoke about the "bullying" scandal on a reality show. Hwayoung used the opportunity to state how hard it was for her, and her only support was her sister. This brought the rumors back to public attention. Soon after, a former staff member claimed that it had really been the twins who had "bullied" the other members. This person released texts that appeared to show Hyoyoung threatening Areum with physical harm. Other staff members also came forward with evidence that Hwayoung had treated the other members and staff badly. They also claimed that she had faked how severe her injury was, in order to get more sympathy. Hwayoung at first tried to deny this, but later admitted that the texts were real. This put an end to the bullying rumors about other members of T-ara.

In March 2017, MBK Entertainment announced Soyeon and Boram were ending their contracts in a few months time. They also stated that T-ara would make one more album as a six member group. However, a conflict with their management lead to a delay and it did not happen. Instead, the release was rescheduled for after Soyeon and Boram had departed. T-ara's last performance as six-member group was in Taiwan on May 13, 2017.
T-ara made their ninth extended play (EP) as a four member group, with Qri, Hyomin, Jiyeon, and Eunjung. The title is "What's My Name?" and it was released on June 14, 2017. T-ara won first place on "The Show" on June 20. This was their first win on a music show in five years.

In July 2017, T-ara made the song "My Love" for the television drama "Greatest One-Shot".

On November 4, the group held a concert in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Part of the ticket proceeds were donated to charity. On November 24, the group performed with B.A.P, Rain, Kim Jong-kook and Haha for K-Pop Music Wave 2017 in Penang, Malaysia.

On January 3, 2018, Hyomin announced that she, Jiyeon, Eunjung, and Qri would not renew their contracts with MBK Entertainment. The record label later confirmed that the group had left the company. MBK later confirmed that they had filed for a trademark on the name "T-ara". In January 2018, Hyomin, Jiyeon, Eunjung, and Qri filed for a rejection of MBK's trademark request. In August 2018, MBK's trademark request was denied. This allows Hyomin, Jiyeon, Eunjung, and Qri to continue using the group name. They later stated that they intend to stay together as a group.

In an interview in October 2019, Jiyeon stated that they hope to appear again as group. However, she also said that it may not be right away but only after some time passed.

Jiae and Jiwon left the group in 2009, before their official debut. Boram, Qri, and Soyeon were added soon after, and before the official debut. Hwayoung joined the group on July 26, 2010. Areum joined T-ara in early 2012.

Hwayoung had her contract ended in mid-2012 and had to leave the group. Then Areum left in July 2012. T-ara continued as a six-member group until Soyeon and Boram left in 2017. The remaining four members are Qri, Hyomin, Jiyeon, and Eunjung.

On several occasions T-ara formed sub-groups (or sub-units). These were smaller girl groups formed with a few members of T-ara. The first sub-groups of T-ara were formed in March 2013 when "Bunny Style!" was released. These made a few of the songs that were included with "Bunny Style!" in special editions. As these groups had no activity apart from T-ara, they had no official names. The first official sub-groups came a few months later.

On April 12, 2013, Core Contents Media announced a sub-group called T-ara N4. The members were Jiyeon, Eunjung, Hyomin, and Areum. The group's first song, "Jeon Won Diary", was inspired by a 1980s drama show. It is a "funky and intense" dance song with elements of hip-hop. T-ara N4 released the song, the extended play (EP) of the same name, and a music video on April 29, 2013.

A Japanese sub-group called QBS was announced in May 2013. The members were Qri, Boram and Soyeon. QBS focused on the Japanese market. They released their first single "Kaze no You ni" on June 26, 2013. It was written and composed by Takanori Fukuta. QBS held a live show at the Sunshine City Fountain Square in Ikebukuro, Tokyo on June 10, 2013. At the show the group performed "Kaze no Yō ni". Boram and Qri also sang their song "Shabontama no Yukue" and Soyeon sang her song "Love Poem".

In October 2009, the group signed a contract to make a commercial for Nonghyup Apples. They made the song "Apple Song" for the commercial. It was later included on the group's first studio album "Absolute First Album" under the name "Apple is A". In 2010, the group modeled for Mentholatum Korea, Tedin Water Parks, and Olympus cameras. T-ara was chosen to model for Tedin Waterpark again in 2011.

In 2011, T-ara starred in commercials for Spris, iRiver, Windysoft, Look Optical, Shin Ramyun, and Crown Mountain. T-ara also launched the café franchise called Cafe Page One. The name was taken from the cafe that Eunjung's character ran in the drama "Coffee House". When it was opened on July 1, 2011, the members of T-ara were present to greet the customers. The same year, T-ara was chosen as models for cosmetics brand Tony Moly. The group modeled for the brand in South Korea, China, Japan, and other Asian countries. T-ara also signed a contract with online shopping mall Hi-Mart.

In February 2012, T-ara became models for the chicken franchise Brilliant Chicken.

In early 2015, T-ara signed a USD 1 million contract with the Chinese clothing brand Celucasn. In November, T-ara made a Chinese version of "Cry Cry" to be the theme song for the game "World of Warships". The group also became the face of the mobile game "Dream of the Three Kingdoms". In the same month, T-ara was made brand ambassadors of the partnership between Hankyung Media Group and Sina Weibo.

In 2016, the group became brand ambassadors in Vietnam for Pantech Korea.

T-ara held a charity event on December 14, 2013, in Cafenne, which is a cafe run by Eunjung's mother. They sold their old clothing, stage costumes, and similar items from Davichi, Ha Seokjin, Hwang Jungeum and Son Hojun. T-ara made 12.5 million won (about USD 12,000) from the sale. They donated this to the "Hope Windmill" campaign which was organized by the Red Cross. T-ara said, "We are able to end the year with a warm heart thanks to the many people who took part in the charity event and we give thanks to those who helped T-ara take the steps necessary for it."



Saskhori

Saskhori () is a small village in Mtskheta, Georgia.


Yuan Baohua

Yuan Baohua (; 13 January 1916 – 9 May 2019) was a Chinese economic official and academic administrator. He was Vice Minister of the Ministry of Metallurgy Industry, Minister of the Ministry of Materials, Executive Vice Director of the State Planning Commission, and Director of the State Economic Commission. 

From 1985 to 1991, he was President of Renmin University of China. He was a mentor of Zhu Rongji, the former Premier of China.

On 9 May 2019, Yuan died in Beijing at the age of 103.

Jackson Wang

Jackson Wang (; ; born 28 March 1994) is a Hong Kong rapper, singer and dancer based in China. He is a member of the South Korean boy group Got7 under JYP Entertainment and is known for his appearances on Korean reality television, notably Roommate. He is also active in China as a solo artist and TV host.


Hiralal Yadav

Hiralal Yadav (1925/1926 – 12 May 2019) was an Indian folk singer. He was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in India in 2019. He was awarded the Yash Bharti Award in 2015. He was born in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. He was best known for his works with T-Series.

Yadav died on 12 May 2019 at a hospital in Varanasi at the age of 93.


Milos

Milos or Melos is a volcanic Greek island in the Aegean Sea, just north of the Sea of Crete. Milos is the southwesternmost island in the Cyclades group. Melos is one of the Aegean Islands where many ancient artifacts were found, including the Venus de Milo. This island covers .

Unita Blackwell

Unita Zelma Blackwell ("née" Brown; March 18, 1933 – May 13, 2019) was an American civil rights activist and politician. She was the first African American woman, and the tenth African American, to be elected mayor in the U.S. state of Mississippi. She served as mayor of Mayersville, Mississippi from 1976 to 2001. She was a project director for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). She was also a founder of the US–China Peoples Friendship Association. Her autobiography, "Barefootin", was published in 2006.

Blackwell was born in Lula, Mississippi. She was married to Jeremiah Blackwell. The couple had a son, Jeremiah Blackwell Jr. (born 1957).

Blackwell had dementia in her final years. She died on May 13, 2019 in Biloxi, Mississippi. She was 86.

Ejnar Hertzsprung

Ejnar Hertzsprung (8 October 1873 – 21 October 1967) was a Danish chemist and astronomer born in Copenhagen. In the period 1911–1913, together with Henry Norris Russell, he helped to create the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram.



Henry Norris Russell

Prof Henry Norris Russell ForMemRS HFRSE FRAS (October 25, 1877 – February 18, 1957) was an American astronomer who, along with Ejnar Hertzsprung, helped create the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram (1910). In 1923, working with Frederick Saunders, he developed Russell–Saunders coupling, which is also known as LS coupling. This concerns the way electrons interact in light atoms.


Mayersville, Mississippi

Mayersville is a town in Issaquena County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 433.

Unita Blackwell was the first African American mayor of Mississippi. She served as Mayersville's mayor from 1976 to 2001.

Lula, Mississippi

Lula is a town in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 204.

Terry Melcher

Terrence Paul Melcher (born Terrence Paul Jorden, February 8, 1942 – November 19, 2004) was an American musician and record producer. He was a producer for the Byrds. He produced their hit cover versions of Bob Dylan's "Mr. Tambourine Man" and Pete Seeger's "Turn! Turn! Turn!". He was the son of actress Doris Day and Day's first husband, Al Jorden. Day's third husband, Martin Melcher, adopted him in 1951.

On November 19, 2004, Melcher died at his home in Beverly Hills, California of melanoma, aged 62.

Seymour Nurse

Seymour MacDonald Nurse (10 November 1933 − 6 May 2019) was a Barbadian cricketer. He is best known for his role as a right-handed batsman. He played 29 Test matches for the West Indies between 1960 and 1969. He played his first Test match against England, and his final against New Zealand. His last Test innings of 258 is the highest score by a cricketer in his final Test innings. He also played for the Barbados national team from 1958 until the early 1970s. He was born in Jack-My-Nanny Gap, Saint Michael.

Nurse died on 6 May 2019 in Bridgetown, at the age of 85.


David Harney

David Harney (2 March 1947 – April/May 2019) was an English footballer. He played as a forward. 

Harney was born in Jarrow, County Durham. He played for Sunderland in his youth, before joining Grimsby Town. He played in the Football League for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United and Brentford during the 1960s. He also played for non-league clubs Wimbledon and Bromley.

Harney's death was reported on 2 May 2019.

Alan Skirton

Alan Frederick Graham Skirton (23 January 1939 – 11 or 12 May 2019) was an English footballer. He played as a winger.

Skirton was born in Bath. He started his career at Bath City. He made 144 league appearances for the club, scoring 44 goals. He joined Arsenal in 1959, playing his first game for the side the next year. He was the club's leading goalscorer in the First Division during the 1961–62 season, with 19 goals. He was nicknamed "The Highbury Express" during his time at Arsenal. After 154 total games for the Gunners and 54 goals, he joined Blackpool in 1966. He later played for Bristol City, Torquay United, Durban City and Weymouth.

Skirton died on 11 or 12 May 2019, at the age of 80.

Thomas Silverstein

Thomas Edward Silverstein (February 4, 1952 – May 11, 2019) was an American convicted murderer. He was in prison since 1977 after being convicted of four separate murders while imprisoned, one of which was overturned. 

Silverstein was in solitary confinement since 1983, when he killed Corrections Officer Merle Clutts at the Marion Penitentiary in Marion, Illinois. He was called a brutal killer by prison officials and a former leader of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang. 

Silverstein said that the bad living conditions in prison caused him to kill prison officials. He was held "in a specially designed cell" in what is called "Range 13" at ADX Florence federal penitentiary in Colorado. He was the longest-held prisoner in solitary confinement within the Bureau of Prisons at the time of his death.

Silverstein died of heart failure after having heart surgery on May 11, 2019, after spending 36 years in solitary confinement. He was 67 years old.

Sven Lindqvist

Sven Oskar Lindqvist (28 March 1932 – 14 May 2019) was a Swedish author. He wrote mostly non-fiction works. Some of his noted works include "Exterminate All the Brutes" and "A History of Bombing". His writings focused on developing nations in Africa, China, India, Latin America and Australia. During the 1960s, Lindqvist lived in China for two years. He wrote three books about China with his first wife, Sinologist Cecilia Lindqvist. From the 1980s onward, he wrote about many topics including European imperialism, colonialism, racism, genocide and war.

Lindqvist was born in Stockholm. He was married to Cecilia Lindqvist from 1956 until their divorce in 1986. He was later married to economist Agneta Stark. Lindqvist died after a long illness on 14 May 2019, at the age of 87.

Jörg Kastendiek

Jörg Kastendiek (18 September 1964 – 13 May 2019) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU). He was on the Bürgerschaft, the state parliament of Bremen, from 1991 to 2005, and again from 2007 until his death in 2019. Kastendiek also was senator of Bremen from 2005 to 2007, as Senator for Economy and Ports and as Senator for Culture.

Kastendiek died in Bremen on 13 May 2019 from lymphoma. He was 54.

Chomo Lonzo

Chomo Lonzo is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Tibet. It has three different summits. These are the main (or South) peak (), central peak (), and North peak (). It is the 24th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top of the main peak were Jean Couzy and Lionel Terray, in 1954.

Leopoldo Brizuela

Leopoldo Brizuela (8 June 1963 – 14 May 2019) was an Argentine journalist, writer, poet and translator. He was born in La Plata, Argentina. In 1977, he began publishing his works with the Argentine magazine "Oeste". His best known work was "One night". He studied at the University of Cambridge under the International Writing Program.

He won many literary awards, including the 2012 Premio Alfaguara. As a translator, he translated the works of American writers such as Henry James, Flannery O'Connor and Eudora Welty. Brizuela was openly gay.

Brizuela died on 14 May 2019 in Buenos Aires from leukemia at the age of 55.

Remig Stumpf

Remig Stumpf (25 March 1966 − 14 May 2019) was a German cyclist. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the 100 km team time trial (finishing sixth) and the individual road race (finishing 14th). He won the Tour of Berlin, Rund um Köln and Rund um Düren in 1986. In 1989, he finished third in the Kellogg's Tour of Britain. He also won the six-day race of Cologne in 1992 and 1993. He was born in Schweinfurt.

Stumpf had four children. On 14 May 2019, Stumpf murdered his wife and killed himself in Bergrheinfeld.


Shanghai Cooperation Organisation

The Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) is an intergovernmental organization founded on June 14, 2001 by the leaders of the People's Republic of China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. With the exception of Uzbekistan, they had been known before as the "Five of Shanghai".


List of University of Cambridge people

This is an alphabetical list of alumni of the University of Cambridge.

Pelican eel

The pelican eel ("Eurypharynx pelecanoides") is a deep sea fish. They are rarely seen by humans, although these creatures are sometimes hooked on the nets of fishermen. It is a fish with the shape of an eel. 

It is the only known species of the genus "Eurypharynx" and the family Eurypharyngidae. It belongs to the order Saccopharyngiformes, which are closely related to the true eels.

The pelican eel's most notable feature is its huge mouth, much larger than its body. They can be opened wide enough to swallow a fish much larger than itself. The pouch-like lower jaw is similar to that of a pelican, hence its name. It is also sometimes referred to as the umbrella mouth gulper. The stomach can stretch and expand to make room for large meals. The eel uses a long, whip-like tail for movement, and the end of the tail is bright enough to attract prey.

The pelican eel feeds primarily on fish, shrimp and plankton. It grows to about 0.61 to 1 metre in length and is found in all tropical and subtropical seas at depths ranging from 900 to 8,000 metres (3,000 to 27,000 feet).

Stanton T. Friedman

Stanton Terry Friedman (July 29, 1934 – May 13, 2019) was an American-Canadian nuclear physicist and professional ufologist He was the original civilian investigator of the Roswell incident. He worked on research and development projects for several large companies and tried to prove that aliens exist. Friedman was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey and moved to New Brunswick.

Friedman died suddenly on May 13, 2019 while traveling from Toronto to Fredericton, New Brunswick at the age of 84.



Hani Shukrallah

Hani Shukrallah (‎; 1950 – 5 May 2019) was an Egyptian journalist and political analyst. He was editor-in-chief of "Al-Ahram Weekly" between 1991 and 2005. He was later founder and editor-in-chief of "Ahram Online". He also worked as a co-editor of "Al-Shorouk". He wrote articles for "Al-Hayat", "The Guardian", Indian magazine "Outlook" and the "Journal of Palestine Studies". He was born in Cairo.

Shukrallah died on 5 May 2019, at the age of 69.

Salvatore Corallo

Salvatore Corallo (11 October 1928 – 4 May 2019) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party (PCI). He became a member of the Sicilian Regional Assembly in 1959. He served as President of Sicily from June to September 1961. He later served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1976 to 1979, and as a Senator from 1979 to 1983. He was born in Syracuse, Sicily.

Corallo died on 4 May 2019 in Syracuse, at the age of 90.


Lajos Faragó

Lajos Faragó (3 August 1932 – 13 May 2019) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He played for the national team. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1960 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal. He was born in Budapest.

Faragó died on 13 May 2019, at the age of 86.


Michael Zampelas

Michael Herodotou Zampelas (19 March 1937 – 15 May 2019) was a Cypriot businessman, politician and philanthropist. He served as mayor of Nicosia, the capital city of Cyprus, from 2002 to 2006. He was named the Honorary Consul General of Estonia in Cyprus in 1997. For his services in the relations between two countries, he was awarded the Order of the National Coat of Arms by the President of Estonia.

Zampelas died on 15 May 2019, at the age of 82.

Nuptse

Nuptse is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Nepal. It not considered an independent peak but as a part of Lhotse. If it was, however, it would be the 20th highest mountain in the world. It is a very dangerous mountain to climb. The first people to reach the top were Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi, in 1961.

Escalon, California

Escalon is a city in San Joaquin County, California. It lies 118 feet (36 m) above sea level and is 19 miles (31.4 km) southeast of Stockton, along California State Route 120. At the 2020 census, 7,472 people lived there.

Siamaggiore

Siamaggiore ("Siamaiore"", Siamajori") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 927 people lived there. Its area is 13.17 km². It is 8 meters above sea level.

Siamanna

Siamanna ("Siamànna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 812 people lived there. Its area is 28.36 km². It is 100 meters above sea level.

Siapiccia

Siapiccia ("Siapicìa, Siipicìa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 359 people lived there. Its area is 17.93 km². It is 64 meters above sea level.

Siddi, Sardinia

Siddi ("Sìddi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 654 people lived there. Its area is 11.02 km². It is 184 meters above sea level.

Silanus, Sardinia

Silanus ("Silànos") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,142 people lived there. Its area is 47.94 km². It is 432 meters above sea level.

Siliqua, Sardinia

Siliqua ("Silìcua") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,872 people lived there. Its area is 189.85 km². It is 66 meters above sea level.

Silius

Silius ("Silìus") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,192 people lived there. Its area is 38.36 km². It is 585 meters above sea level.

Simala

Simala ("Simàba") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 326 people lived there. Its area is 13.38 km². It is 155 meters above sea level.

Simaxis

Simaxis ("Simàghis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,243 people lived there. Its area is 27.82 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Sindia, Sardinia

Sindia ("Sindìa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,717 people lived there. Its area is 58.57 km². It is 509 meters above sea level.

Siniscola

Siniscola ("Thiniscòle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 11,517 people lived there. Its area is 196.38 km². It is 39 meters above sea level.

Siris, Sardinia

Siris ("Sìris") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 230 people lived there. Its area is 6 km². It is 161 meters above sea level.

Siurgus Donigala

Siurgus Donigala ("Seùrgus Donigàla, Sriùgus Donigàlla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,992 people lived there. Its area is 76.39 km². It is 452 meters above sea level.

Soddì

Soddì ("Soddìe") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 120 people lived there. Its area is 5.24 km². It is 250 meters above sea level.

Solarussa

Solarussa ("Sabarùssa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,425 people lived there. Its area is 31.86 km². It is 12 meters above sea level.

Soleminis

Soleminis ("Solèminis") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,874 people lived there. Its area is 12.79 km². It is 200 meters above sea level.

Sorgono

Sorgono ("Sòrgono") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,671 people lived there. Its area is 56.05 km². It is 700 meters above sea level.

Sorradile

Sorradile ("Sorradìle") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 379 people lived there. Its area is 26.34 km². It is 337 meters above sea level.

Sorso

Sorso ("Sòssu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 14,732 people lived there. Its area is 67.01 km². It is 136 meters above sea level.

Stintino

Stintino ("Isthintìni, Istintìnu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,623 people lived there. Its area is 59.04 km². It is 9 meters above sea level.

Suelli

Suelli ("Suèddi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,103 people lived there. Its area is 19.2 km². It is 256 meters above sea level.

 

Suni, Sardinia

Suni ("Sùne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,092 people lived there. Its area is 47.46 km². It is 340 meters above sea level.

Tadasuni

Tadasuni ("Tadasùne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 152 people lived there. Its area is 5.09 km². It is 180 meters above sea level.

Talana

Talana ("Talàna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,027 people lived there. Its area is 118.68 km². It is 682 meters above sea level.

Telti

Telti ("Tèlti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,304 people lived there. Its area is 83.25 km². It is 326 meters above sea level.

Tempio Pausania

Tempio Pausania ("Tèmpiu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 14,159 people lived there. Its area is 210.82 km². It is 566 meters above sea level.

Tergu

Tergu ("Zèlgu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 595 people lived there. Its area is 36.88 km². It is 284 meters above sea level.

Terralba

Terralba ("Terràba") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 10,257 people lived there. Its area is 49.8 km². It is 12 meters above sea level.

Tertenia

Tertenia ("Tertenìa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,936 people lived there. Its area is 117.65 km². It is 129 meters above sea level.

Teti, Sardinia

Teti ("Tèti") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 674 people lived there. Its area is 43.91 km². It is 714 meters above sea level.

Teulada, Sardinia

Teulada ("Teulàda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,604 people lived there. Its area is 246.19 km². It is 50 meters above sea level.

Thiesi

Thiesi ("Tièsi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,986 people lived there. Its area is 63.25 km². It is 461 meters above sea level.

Tiana, Sardinia

Tiana ("Tìana") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 499 people lived there. Its area is 19.32 km². It is 564 meters above sea level.

Tinnura

Tinnura ("Tinnùra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 245 people lived there. Its area is 3.85 km². It is 328 meters above sea level.

Tissi

Tissi ("Tissi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,402 people lived there. Its area is 10.24 km². It is 250 meters above sea level.

Tonara

Tonara ("Tonàra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,019 people lived there. Its area is 52.02 km². It is 900 meters above sea level.

Torpè

Torpè ("Torpè") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,869 people lived there. Its area is 91.5 km². It is 24 meters above sea level.

Torralba, Sardinia

Torralba ("Turàlva") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 974 people lived there. Its area is 36.5 km². It is 435 meters above sea level.

Tortolì

Tortolì ("Tortolì") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 11,064 people lived there. Its area is 40.29 km². It is 13 meters above sea level.

Tramatza

Tramatza ("Tramàtza") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 977 people lived there. Its area is 16.8 km². It is 19 meters above sea level.

Tratalias

Tratalias ("Tratalìas") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,085 people lived there. Its area is 31 km². It is 17 meters above sea level.

Tresnuraghes

Tresnuraghes ("Tresnuràghes") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,159 people lived there. Its area is 31.58 km². It is 257 meters above sea level.

Triei

Triei ("Trièi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,110 people lived there. Its area is 32.98 km². It is 140 meters above sea level.

Trinità d'Agultu e Vignola

Trinità d'Agultu e Vignola ("La Trinitàie Vignòla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,245 people lived there. Its area is 134 km². It is 365 meters above sea level.

Tuili

Tuili ("Tuìli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,023 people lived there. Its area is 24.59 km². It is 208 meters above sea level.

Tula, Sardinia

Tula ("Tùla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,569 people lived there. Its area is 66.19 km². It is 275 meters above sea level.

Turri

Turri ("Tùrri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 422 people lived there. Its area is 9.6 km². It is 164 meters above sea level.

Ula Tirso

Ula Tirso ("Ula") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 570 people lived there. Its area is 18.85 km². It is 348 meters above sea level.

Ulassai

Ulassai ("Ulàssa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,457 people lived there. Its area is 122.41 km². It is 775 meters above sea level.

Uras

Uras ("Ùras") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,856 people lived there. Its area is 39.24 km². It is 23 meters above sea level.

Uri, Sardinia

Uri ("Uri") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,009 people lived there. Its area is 56.81 km². It is 150 meters above sea level.

Urzulei

Urzulei ("Orthullè") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,231 people lived there. Its area is 129.64 km². It is 511 meters above sea level.

Usellus

Usellus ("Usèddus") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 773 people lived there. Its area is 35.07 km². It is 289 meters above sea level.

Usini

Usini ("Ùsini") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,365 people lived there. Its area is 30.74 km². It is 200 meters above sea level.

Tula

Tula may refer to:















Ussana

Ussana ("Ùssana") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,198 people lived there. Its area is 32.82 km². It is 97 meters above sea level.

Ussaramanna

Ussaramanna ("Soramànna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 547 people lived there. Its area is 9.76 km². It is 157 meters above sea level.

Ussassai

Ussassai ("Ussàssa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 568 people lived there. Its area is 47.32 km². It is 710 meters above sea level.

Valledoria

Valledoria ("Codaruìna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,319 people lived there. Its area is 25.95 km². It is 16 meters above sea level.

Vallermosa

Vallermosa ("Biddaramòsa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,932 people lived there. Its area is 61.75 km². It is 70 meters above sea level.

Viddalba

Viddalba ("Vidda 'ècchja") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,718 people lived there. Its area is 50.41 km². It is 22 meters above sea level.

Villa Sant'Antonio

Villa Sant'Antonio ("Sant'Antòni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 352 people lived there. Its area is 19.05 km². It is 249 meters above sea level.

Villa Verde

Villa Verde ("Bàini") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 319 people lived there. Its area is 17.65 km². It is 204 meters above sea level.

Villacidro

Villacidro ("Biddade Cidru, Biddexìdru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 14,076 people lived there. Its area is 183.48 km². It is 267 meters above sea level.

Villagrande Strisaili

Villagrande Strisaili ("Biddamànna Strisàili") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,248 people lived there. Its area is 210.35 km². It is 700 meters above sea level.

Villamar

Villamar ("Mara Arbarèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,727 people lived there. Its area is 38.53 km². It is 108 meters above sea level.

Villaperuccio

Villaperuccio ("Sa Baronìa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,101 people lived there. Its area is 36.43 km². It is 68 meters above sea level.

Villaputzu

Villaputzu ("Biddepùtzi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 4,763 people lived there. Its area is 181.31 km². It is 11 meters above sea level.

Villasalto

Villasalto ("Biddesàtu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,052 people lived there. Its area is 130.36 km². It is 502 meters above sea level.

Villamassargia

Villamassargia ("Bidda Matzràxia") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,604 people lived there. Its area is 91.39 km². It is 121 meters above sea level.

Villanova Monteleone

Villanova Monteleone ("Biddanòa Monteleòne") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,304 people lived there. Its area is 202.68 km². It is 567 meters above sea level.

Villanova Truschedu

Villanova Truschedu ("Biddanòa Truschèdu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 305 people lived there. Its area is 16.61 km². It is 56 meters above sea level.

Villanova Tulo

Villanova Tulo ("Biddanòa'e Tùlu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,095 people lived there. Its area is 40.45 km². It is 600 meters above sea level.

Villanovaforru

Villanovaforru ("Biddanòa de Fòrru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 672 people lived there. Its area is 10.93 km². It is 324 meters above sea level.

Villanovafranca

Villanovafranca (Biddanoa Franca, Bidda Noa Franca in Sardinian) is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Italian region of Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Sanluri. As of 2016, 1,345 people lived there. Its area is 27.59 km². It is 292 meters above sea level.

Villasimius

Villasimius ("Crabonàxa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 3,711 people lived there. Its area is 57.97 km². It is 49 meters above sea level.

Villasor

Villasor ("Bidd'e Sòrris") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,929 people lived there. Its area is 86.79 km². It is 25 meters above sea level.

Villaspeciosa

Villaspeciosa ("Biddaspitziòsa") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,570 people lived there. Its area is 27.19 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Villaurbana

Villaurbana ("Biddobràna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,643 people lived there. Its area is 58.7 km². It is 110 meters above sea level.

Zeddiani

Zeddiani ("Tzeddiàni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,151 people lived there. Its area is 11.81 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

Zerfaliu

Zerfaliu ("Tzorfolìu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,092 people lived there. Its area is 15.56 km². It is 15 meters above sea level.

Unix time

Unix time is the number of seconds that have passed since the initial date and time known by UNIX as Tuesday 1 January 1970 00:00:00 UTC. It is mostly used in Unix-like and many other operating systems. People can check Unix time on most Unix computers by typing on the Unix command line.

Namcha Barwa

Namcha Barwa is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Tibet. It is the 28th highest mountain in the world. From 1976 to 1992, it was the highest unclimbed mountain on Earth. The first people to reach the top were Kazuo Yamamoto, Hiroshi Aota, Atsushi Yamamoto, Jiabu, Chirenduoji, and Biamba Zaxi, in 1992.

Nobuo Sekine

Nobuo Sekine (関根伸夫, Sekine Nobuo; September 19, 1942 – May 13, 2019), was a Japanese sculptor. He was one of the key members of Mono-ha, a group of artists who became known in the late 1960s and 1970s. He was born in Saitama, Japan. In October 1968, he created his best known work "Phase: Mother Earth" in Kobe’s Suma Rikyu Park for the "First Open Air Contemporary Sculpture Exhibition" (第一回野外彫刻展).

Sekine died on May 13, 2019 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 76.

Bill Workman

William Douglas Workman III (July 3, 1940 – May 12, 2019) was an American businessman and Republican politician. He was the mayor of Greenville, South Carolina from 1983 to 1995. Workman was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He was also the town manager of Bluffton.

In 2014, Workman retired in Walterboro. He wrote about his business and political career as follows, "Economic development is what I have done for a living and for fun. ... Economic development is a high calling as far as I am concerned," upon receiving in Columbia the designation of "South Carolina Economic Ambassador".

Workman died on May 12, 2019, in Walterboro at the age of 78.

Bluffton, South Carolina

Bluffton is a town in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States. The population was counted by the 2020 census at 27,716. Its population grew 882.7% from 2000 to 2010, which made it the fastest-growing municipality in South Carolina. It also grew 121.2% from 2010 to 2020.

Bluffton is the fifth largest city in South Carolina by land area. 

Vasili Blagov

Vasili Vyacheslavovich Blagov (; 29 October 1954 − 9 May 2019) was a Russian pair skater. He competed for the Soviet Union. He and partner Irina Cherniaeva finished 6th at the 1972 Winter Olympics. He finished first at the Soviet Championships in 1972, and second in 1973. With Natalia Dongauzer, he won the silver medal at the 1973 Prize of Moscow News. He was born in Moscow.

Blagov died on 9 May 2019, at the age of 64.


Beatrix Philipp

Beatrix Philipp ("née" Hellweg; 7 July 1945 – 1 May 2019) was a German politician. She was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). She served on the city council of Düsseldorf from 1975 to 1985. She was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1985 to 1994. In 1994, she was elected to the national Bundestag, serving until 2013. Outside of politics, Philipp was a headmistress.

Philipp was born in Mönchengladbach. She had two children and was a Roman Catholic.

Philipp died on 1 May 2019 in Düsseldorf. She was 73.


Haskell Indian Nations University

The Haskell Indian Nations University is a university in Lawrence, Kansas in northeastern Kansas. It has free tuition for all Native Americans. About 1000 people attend the university. The university was created in 1884.

Haskell Indian Nations University was built in 1884. It was called the United States Indian Industrial Training School. It changed its name to Haskell Institute in 1887. Its name changed to Haskell Indian Nations University in 1993. Haskell offered its first four-year bachelor degree program in elementary teacher education.



Junko Tabei

Tabei died of peritoneal cancer on 20 October 2016 in Kawagoe, Saitama. She was 77.

List of territorial entities where English is an official language

The following is a list of territories where English is an official language. As of 2019, there were 55 sovereign states and 27 non-sovereign states where English was an official language.

Most countries where English is a prominent or official language are former colonies of the British Empire. Notable exceptions include Rwanda, which was a former Belgian colony, and Eritrea, which was an Italian colony where the British Empire controlled it only in World War II and shortly after (19411952).

English is the sole official language of the Commonwealth of Nations and the Commonwealth Games. 
English is one of the official languages of the United Nations, the European Union and the International Olympic Committee.

Although English is not classified as an official language in the United States. Instead, many states and regions within the U.S. do have English as an official language.
India's linguistic picture is complex. According to the Constitution of India, "Hindi in the Devanagari script" is the official language of the union; and English the 'subsidiary official language'; however, English must be used for the official texts of all federal laws and Supreme Court decisions (with Hindi). It is one of the two languages of the Indian Parliament. English is taught in schools. The quality and effectiveness of the teaching is very varied. English is used almost exclusively for higher education.
The situation of Pakistan is also complex. While the national language is Urdu, English is an official language and used in business, government and law.

In these country subdivisions, English has "de jure" official status, but English is not official in their relevant countries at the national level.


Bill Blair (politician)

William Sterling Blair is a Canadian politician. He is a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada. He speaks for the electoral area of Scarborough Southwest, and is a member of the Liberal Party. Blair is the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness in Canada's cabinet right now. From 2018 to 2019, he was the Minister of Border Security and Organized Crime Reduction. Before working in politics, Blair was the chief of police for the city of Toronto.

In October 2021, he became the Minister of Emergency Preparedness and President of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada.

List of awards and nominations received by T-ara

T-ara is a four-member South Korean girl group formed in 2009. They are one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. This is a list of their awards and nominations.

T-ara videography

This videography is a list of music videos and other videos by T-ara. T-ara is a South Korean girl group. They are one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. T-ara was formed in 2009.


United States (disambiguation)

The United States is a country located mainly in North America.

United States may also refer to:



Cocos plate

The Cocos plate is a geologically young oceanic tectonic plate. It is beneath the Pacific Ocean off the west coast of Central America. Cocos Island rides on it. 

The Cocos plate was created about 23 million years ago when a larger plate broke into two pieces. The other piece became the Nazca plate. The Cocos plate also broke into two pieces, creating the small Rivera plate. 

The Cocos plate touches several different plates. To the northeast it touches the North American plate and the Caribbean plate. To the west it touches the Pacific plate and to the south the Nazca plate.

This complicated set of little plates is caused by what geologists call the "Cocos-Nazca spreading system". The leading edge is subducting (going under existing plates). This causes the Central American Volcanic Arc.

The Cocos Plate is near the Galapagos hotspot, which caused the Galapagos Islands.

Sol Yaged

Sol Yaged (December 8, 1922 – May 16, 2019) was an American jazz clarinetist. He was born in New York City. 

Yaged was inspired by Benny Goodman. Yaged played clarinet with professional groups for over 70 years, with such musicians as Phil Napoleon, Coleman Hawkins, Red Allen, and Jack Teagarden. He was a movie score consultant for "The Benny Goodman Story".

Yaged died on May 16, 2019 in New York City at the age of 96.



The Young Turks

The Young Turks (TYT) is a progressive, American news and commentary program on YouTube. The program was created by Cenk Uygur, Ben Mankiewicz, and Dave Koller. It is co-hosted by Uygur, Ana Kasparian and John Iadarola. 

"The Young Turks" began as a radio program that premiered on February 14, 2002, on Sirius Satellite Radio; it was later carried on Air America, before launching a web series component in 2005 on YouTube. 

In 2018, Regional News Network offered it initially on WMCN, its New Jersey broadcast television station.

They have been criticized for naming themselves after the Young Turks from the Ottoman Empire.

David Cervinski

David Cervinski (8 November 1970 – 16 May 2019) was an Australian association footballer. He was born in Geelong, Victoria.

Cervinski played for the Melbourne Knights, Carlton and Wollongong Wolves in the National Soccer League (NSL) and for Gombak United in Singapore. His achievements include winning four NSL titles and the 2000 NSL Grand Final. He was the brother of footballer Adrian Cervinski.

Cervinski died of melanoma on 16 May 2019, at the age of 48.

Kadavoor Sivadasan

Kadavoor Sivadasan (11 March 1932 – 17 May 2019) was an Indian politician and trade unionist. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was elected as an member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. In 1985, he represented the Indian government at the International Labour Organization (ILO) in Geneva. He was born in Kadavoor, Kollam.

Sivadasan died on 17 May 2019 in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala. He was 87.

Kamet

Kamet is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in India. It is the 29th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Frank Smythe, Eric Shipton, R.L. Holdsworth, and Lewa Sherpa, in 1931.

Bacchus Marsh

Bacchus Marsh is a large town in Victoria, Australia. It is about north west of the state capital Melbourne. The population of the Bacchus Marsh was 20,345 at the 2016 Census. It is the largest town in the local government area of Shire of Moorabool.

The area became known for its fruit and vegetable farms. In recent years it has become a commuter town for people working in Melbourne.

Bacchus Marsh was named after one of its original inhabitants, Captain William Henry Bacchus. It is located beside two rivers — the Lerderderg and Werribee.

Cutworm

Cutworms are the caterpillar of several kinds of moths. They cause problems for people trying to grow plants in their garden.

Cutworms eat tender shoots at the base of the plant. They have big appetites and will destroy a plant in a very short time. They eat many kinds of plants.

The eggs of the cutworms are laid in the autumn by the moth and the cutworms emerge in the spring. 

Jannu

Jannu is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Nepal. It is also known as Mount Khumbhakharna and Phoktanglungma. It is the 32nd highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach were René Desmaison, Paul Keller, Robert Paragot, and Sherpa Gyalzen Mitchung, in 1962.

Molamenqing

Molamenqing is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Tibet. The height is disputed, and some sources put it at . It is also known as Phola Gangchen. It not considered an independent peak but as a part of Shishapangma. If it was, however, it would be either the 37th highest or 34th highest mountain in the world. (Depending on which height measurement is correct). The first people to reach the top were B. Farmer and R. Price, in 1981.

Eduardo A. Roca

Eduardo Alejandro Roca (15 December 1921 – 17 May 2019) was an Argentine lawyer, academic and diplomat. He was Argentina's Ambassador to the United States, serving from 1968 to 1970. He also served as the Ambassador of Argentina to the United Nations during the Falklands War in 1982. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was the grand-nephew of Julio Argentino Roca.

Roca died on 17 May 2019 in Buenos Aires, at the age of 97.

Rallapalli (actor)

Rallapalli Venkata Narasimha Rao (15 August 1945 – 17 May 2019), known simply as Rallapalli, was an Indian character actor. He acted in Telugu and Tamil cinema. He appeared in over 800 movies and was noted for his comedy roles. He is best known for his roles in movies such as "Anveshana" (1985), "Bombay" (1995) and "Minsara Kanavu" (1997). He was born in Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh.

Rallapalli died of a lung disease on 17 May 2019 in Hyderabad. He was 73.

Janet Kitz

Janet F. Kitz ("née" Brownlee; 12 January 1930 – 10 May 2019) was a Scottish-born Canadian educator, author and historian. She is best known helping the 1917 Halifax Explosion become well-known to the public. The event is the largest man-made explosion before the atomic bomb and the worst man-made disaster in Canadian history. In the 70 years after the Halifax Explosion, only two books had been written about the event. She wrote many books about the disaster, including "Shattered City: The Halifax Explosion and the Road to Recovery" (1989).

Kitz was born in Carnwath, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. She married Leonard Arthur Kitz, the former mayor of Halifax, Nova Scotia, in 1971. The couple soon moved to Nova Scotia.

Kitz died on 10 May 2019 in Halifax, Nova Scotia. She was 89.

Juan Antonio Menéndez Fernández

Juan Antonio Menéndez Fernández (6 January 1957 – 15 May 2019) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1981. He served as an auxiliary bishop of Oviedo and titular bishop of "Nasai" from 2013 to 2015. He served as the Bishop of Astorga from 2015 until his death in 2019. Menéndez Fernández was born in Villamarín de Salcedo.

Menéndez Fernández died of a heart attack on 15 May 2019 in Astorga. He was 62.

Quentin Pongia

Quentin Lee Pongia (9 July 1970 – 18 May 2019) was a New Zealand rugby league player. He played as a prop. He played for the Canberra Raiders, Auckland Warriors, Sydney Roosters, St George Illawarra Dragons and Wigan Warriors. He also played for the New Zealand national team between 1992 and 2000. He was from the West Coast, South Island.

Pongia died of bowel cancer on 18 May 2019 in Greymouth, West Coast. He was 48.


Kozo Iizuka

Kouzou Iizuka (, いいづかこうぞう "Iizuka Kouzou"; born 1931) is a Japanese engineer, Top of National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Chairman of International Measurement Confederation, Chairman of Human Frontier Science Program, and Kubota CEO.

In 1931, he was born in Nakano, Tokyo. He was enrolled in Fourth municipal high school (Now Toyama municipal high school) , Urawa high school (old), and graduated at Tokyo University Graduate School of Engineering.In 1972, he became Doctor of Engineering(Tokyo Univ.).

In 2015, he was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure.

In 2019, he caused a traffic accident at Ikebukuro, Tokyo. A 3-year-old girl and her mother were killed by the accident, and nine others were injured. He caused a fatal accident, but not arrested. So he was criticized on the Internet（[東池袋自動車暴走死傷事故]）.

Wanda Metropolitano

Metropolitano Stadium (), also called Wanda Metropolitano for sponsorship reasons, is a stadium in Madrid, Spain. It has been the home stadium of football club Atlético Madrid since the 2017–18 season. The stadium is in the Rosas neighbourhood in the San Blas-Canillejas district. Wanda Metropolitano has a seating capacity of 67,829.

The stadium was built during 1990–93 and was opened in 1994. After the stadium was closed in 2004, the stadium reopened in 2017 as Atlético Madrid's home ground. Wanda Metropolitano replaced their former home ground Vicente Calderón Stadium. The first match in the stadium was on 18 September 2017 in a 2017-18 La Liga match against Málaga CF. The stadium was formerly known as "Estadio de la Comunidad de Madrid" (Madrid Community Stadium), "Estadio Olímpico de Madrid" (Madrid Olympic Stadium), and more commonly by its nickname "Estadio de La Peineta" (The Comb Stadium). Naming rights were acquired by the Wanda Group, a Chinese real estate company.

On 1 June 2019, Wanda Metropolitano hosted the 2019 UEFA Champions League Final.

Ismoil Somoni Peak

Ismoil Somoni Peak () is the highest mountain in Tajikistan. The mountain is in the Pamir Mountains range and is above sea level. It is the 50th highest mountain in the world and was formerly the Soviet Union's highest mountain. The first climb was made by Soviet mountaineer Yevgeniy Abalakov in 1933.

Ismoil Somoni Peak was once called Stalin Peak, and after de-Stalinization, Communism Peak before being renamed in honour of Ismail Samani, a ruler of the Samanid dynasty.


Samuel Eugenio

Samuel Ricardo Eugenio Cabrera (12 August 1958 – 13 May 2019) was a Peruvian football player and coach. He played as a defender.

Eugenio was born in Cañete. He played for Universitario de Deportes between 1980 and 1989, winning three titles. He also played for Alayza and Sport Boys. He was later part of the Universitario de Deportes coaching staff.

On 13 May 2019, Eugenio died of problems caused by surgery for peritonitis in Lima. He was 60.

CiNii

CiNii () is a bibliographic database service for things in Japanese academic libraries. The database started in April 2005 and is maintained by the National Institute of Informatics. The service searches from the NII databases [NII Electronic Library Service (NII-ELS) and Citation Database for Japanese Publications (CJP)], and the databases from the National Diet Library of Japan, institutional repositories, and other organizations.

The database has more than 15 million articles from more than 3,600 publications. 

The database gives a unique identifier, "NII Article ID" (NAID), to each of the journal articles in its list. A different identifier, "NII Citation ID" (NCID or 書誌ID) or "NACSIS-CAT Record ID", is used for books.


British Columbia New Democratic Party

The New Democratic Party of British Columbia (BC NDP) is a provincial political party in British Columbia, Canada. It is a social democratic party and is considered to be centre-left. David Eby has been the leader of the party since 2022. The party is a part of the federal New Democratic Party.

The party is the one governing the province right now. This is because there was a hung parliament after the 2017 elections and the BC Liberal Party did not win a motion of no confidence in the legislature. Instead, the BC NDP began a confidence and supply deal with the BC Green Party to form a minority government. Before that, the party governed British Columbia under six different premiers. They also won a majority government three times, in 1971, 1991, and 1996.

The leader before 2014 was Adrian Dix. He resigned from being the leader of the BC NDP in 2013. Because of this, there was an election in the party in 2014 to decide who would be the next leader. John Horgan was elected by acclamation (when there are no other candidates). Because he became leader, he also became the Leader of the Opposition in the legislature.

The first election that the NDP took part in while Horgan was the leader was the 2017 general election. The NDP won 41 seats in the election. The other parties that won seats were the Liberal Party (43 seats) and the Green Party (3 seats). The Liberal Party did not win enough seats to form a majority government so the first minority government in BC in 65 years was elected. This was a very close election. The Liberals won the popular vote by only 1566 votes. Because both parties did not have enough seats to form a majority government, the Greens held the balance of power. Both the Liberals and NDP began negotiating with the Greens to see if they would support a minority government by either of the parties. On 29 May, Horgan and the Greens announced that the Greens would support the NDPs in a confidence and supply deal. The Liberals lost a vote of no confidence vote by two votes to the Greens and NDP. Because of this, the Lieutenant Governor Judith Guichon asked Horgan to form government and become the next premier. Horgan became the first NDP premier in 16 years.

On November 4, 2021, Horgan announced that he had a malignant tumor in his throat and that he would need radiation treatment. On June 28, 2022, Horgan said he would step down as both premier and leader of the BC NDP party when a new leader was been selected.

On October 21, 2022, David Eby would be elected as the Horgan's successor.

Domain hack

A domain hack is a domain name that blends the text in a web address' domain (before the dot) with its top level domain (after the dot) to create a word (such as youtu.be), or a phrase (such as play.it). These are called "hacks" because they use top level domains in ways that they were not intended to be used. In the example above, YouTube uses .be as part of their link shortening service, even though .be was meant to be used as a country code top level domain (ccTLD) for Belgium. Entercom Communications Corporation does the same thing with their play.it domain name, using Italy's ccTLD.

Matthew Doucette first used the term "domain hack" in a blog post on November 3rd, 2004.

Adrian Dix

Adrian Dix (born April 20, 1964) is a Canadian politician. He is a member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia and the Minister of Health of British Columbia, Canada. He was also the leader of the British Columbia New Democratic Party from 2011 to 2014.

Dix was first elected to the Legislative Assembly in the 2005 provincial election. He led the BC NDP into the 2013 provincial election. Even though opinion polling showed that he would win the election, he lost the election to the BC Liberal Party. Because of this, he resigned as the leader of the BC NDP.

Dix was first elected to the Legislative Assembly in the 2005 provincial election. He was elected to the electoral district of Vancouver-Kingsway. He beat the incumbent Liberal MLA Rob Nijjar.



Jürgen Kissner

Jürgen Kißner or Kissner (18 August 1942 – 18 May 2019) was a German cyclist. He competed for West Germany. He won the silver medal in the team pursuit at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Luckau, Brandenburg.

Kissner died on 18 May 2019 in Cologne, at the age of 76.


Four Ways to Forgiveness

Four Ways to Forgiveness is a collection of four short stories and novellas by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin. All four stories happen in the future. They are stories from the planets Yeowe and Werel. Both planets are members of the Ekumen. The group of Ekumen planets is the background for many novels and short stories in Le Guin's Hainish Cycle. In 2017 it was reissued as an e-book, augmented with a fifth related story by Le Guin, as Five Ways to Forgiveness.

The stories in the book are set on two planets in a distant solar system, Werel and Yeowe, inhabited by humans placed there by the ancient Hainish. (This 'Werel' is not the same as the world called Werel in Le Guin's "Planet of Exile" and "City of Illusions".) Werel has a long history of institutional enslavement of its lighter-skinned ethnic groups by its darker-skinned ethnic groups (the latter's derogatory term for the former is "dusties"). When the Ekumen recontacted the Werelians, the shock spurred one of the Werelian nations, Voe Deo, to develop a space program and settle the other inhabitable planet in the system, Yeowe, transporting a primarily slave population to do so. Eventually the slaves on Yeowe conducted a successful revolt and gained their independence, an event that occurred in the fairly recent past of the four stories. The nations of Werel are nervous that the "assets" on that planet might attempt the same thing for themselves.
The common themes of the stories are the freedom and slavery. For thousands of years, the dark-skinned "owners" of Werel kept the light-skinned "assets" as slaves. Then things began to change after the colonized the second planet, Yeowe. The Yeowans gained freedom and fought to have their own government and identity. They wanted to enter the Ekumen of worlds.

Gender relations are another important theme in the stories. At first, only male slaves were transported to Yeowe. The culture there became extremely masculine. Homosexual relationships were important and had strong effect on later gender relations on Yeowe. 

Harper Paperbacks published the book first in 1995. "Betrayals" first appeared in 1994 in "Blue Motel". The others appeared in the science fiction magazine "Asimov's" in 1994 and 1995.

"Four Ways to Forgiveness" was published in 1995 in a leather-bound, signed edition by Easton Press.

"Five Ways to Forgiveness" was published in 2017 by Penguin Random House. It was an e-book only from Rakuten Kobo and Library of America eBook Classics.

Analía Gadé

María Esther Gorostiza Rodríguez (28 October 1931 – 18 May 2019), better known as Analía Gadé, was an Argentine actress. She appeared in more than 60 movies between 1948 and 2001. She starred in movies such as "Emergency Ward" (1952), "Yesterday Was Spring" (1955), "Crime on a Summer Morning" (1965), "Another's Wife" (1967) and "The King is the Best Mayor" (1974). She was born in Córdoba. Her brother was playwright Carlos Gorostiza.

Gadé died on 18 May 2019 of cancer in Madrid. She was 87.



Mark Warawa

Mark Warawa (May 7, 1950 – June 20, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He served as a city councillor in Abbotsford, British Columbia from 1990 to 2004. He was the Member of Parliament for Langley—Aldergrove (formerly Langley) from 2004 until his death in 2019.

Warawa lived in Langley, British Columbia. He was married to Diane and had five children. In April 2019, it was announced that Warawa had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer that had spread to his lungs, colon and lymph nodes. He died on June 20, 2019, in Langley, at the age of 69.


Adansonia gregorii

Adansonia gregorii, commonly known as the boab, is a tree in the family Malvaceae. Its trunk has a swollen base, which makes it easily recognizable. For this reason, it is also called a bottle tree. It is endemic to Australia, where it mostly occurs in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, east into Northern Territory, parts of western Queensland, and New South Wales. 

There are other species of baobabs, which are native to Madagascar (six species) and mainland Africa and the Arabian Peninsula (one species).
Boab ranges from 5 to 15 metres, usually between 9 and 12 metres, with a broad bottle-shaped trunk. Its trunk base may be extremely large; trunks with a diameter of over five metres have been recorded. "A. gregorii" is deciduous, losing its leaves during the dry winter and producing new leaves and large white flowers between December and May.

Mandalay Bay

Mandalay Bay is a 43-story luxury hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States. It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International and has 3,209 hotel rooms.

The gold coloring of the hotel is a result of gold leaf used on the windows. Levels 40-42 (numbered as floors 60–62) are designed as penthouse suites, with a penthouse lounge on level 62 for guests staying in the penthouses. Level 43 (numbered as 64) is the Foundation Room, a restaurant and bar.

Five floors (floors 35–39) of the main hotel building are the five-star and AAA Five-Diamond Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas.

Nickey Iyambo

Nickey Iyambo (20 May 1936 – 19 May 2019) was a Namibian politician and physician. He was a member of SWAPO. He served as the Namibia's first Vice-President, serving from 2015 to 2018.

Iyambo was a member of the Cabinet of Namibia since independence in March 1990. He was the Minister of Health and Social Services from 1990 to 1996, Minister of Regional and Local Government and Housing from 1996 to 2002, Minister of Mines and Energy from 2002 to 2005, Minister of Agriculture, Water and Forestry from 2005 to 2008, Minister of Safety and Security from 2008 to 2010, and Minister of Veterans' Affairs from 2010 to 2015.

Iyambo was born in Onayena, Oshikoto Region. He died in Windhoek on 19 May 2019, a day before his 83rd birthday.

Nilda Fernández

Nilda Fernández (25 October 1957 – 19 May 2019) was a Spanish-born French singer. His first album was recorded in 1981. He became known for his 1987 album "Madrid, Madrid". He might be best known for his 1991 single "Nos fiancailles". He became popular in Russia and also worked in Cuba. Fernández was born in Barcelona, Catalonia and grew up in the French city of Lyon.

On 19 May 2019, Fernández died of heart failure in the south of France. He was 61.

Frank F. Ledford Jr.

Frank Finley Ledford Jr. (April 22, 1934 – May 15, 2019) was an American orthopedic surgeon. He served as the 37th Surgeon General of the United States Army from 1988 to 1992. He reached the U.S. Army rank of lieutenant general. He also held positions as a clinical professor at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (USUHS). He was born in Jacksonville, Florida.

Ledford died after a short illness on May 15, 2019 in San Antonio, Texas. He was 85.

Rainwater tank

A rainwater tank (sometimes called a rain barrel in North America in reference to smaller tanks, or a water butt in the UK) is a container to capture water runoff from the roof. Water can be stored during the rainy season and used later in the summer when water is more scarce.

The use of water barrels is forbidden in some jurisdictions.

Quinn H. Becker

Quinn Henderson Becker (June 11, 1930 – March 13, 2022) was an American orthopedic surgeon and lieutenant general in the U.S. Army. He was the 36th Surgeon General of the United States Army from 1985 to 1988. He attended Louisiana State University's School of Medicine. He was born in Kirksville, Missouri.

Becker died on March 13, 2022 at his home in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 91.

Bernhard T. Mittemeyer

Bernhard Theodore Mittemeyer (born October 30, 1930) is an American urologist and retired lieutenant general in the U.S. Army. He served as the 35th Surgeon General of the United States Army from 1981 to 1985. He has served as the chief of urological surgery at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center. He was born in Paramaribo, Suriname.

Tanya Plibersek

Tanya Joan Plibersek (born 2 December 1969) is an Australian politician. She was the Deputy Leader of the Australian Labor Party from 2013 to 2019. She has been a member of the Member of Parliament (MP) for Sydney since 1998. She is currently the Minister for the Environment and Water in the Albanese ministry since 2022.

Anthony Albanese

Anthony Norman Albanese ( ; born 2 March 1963) is an Australian Labor politician. Albanese is the 31st Prime Minister of Australia, taking the position in 2022. He has been Member of Parliament for Grayndler since 1996. Since May 2019, Albanese has been the Leader of the Australian Labor Party.

Albanese was Deputy Prime Minister of Australia and Deputy Leader of the Labor Party in 2013. He was a critic of Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard leadership conflicts from 2010 to 2013. Albanese has described his political views as progressive. 

After Labor lost the 2013 election, Albanese ran against Bill Shorten in the leadership election. He lost to Shorten. After Labor was defeated in the 2019 election, he was the first to become a candidate for the leadership after Shorten resigned. He was soon elected unopposed as leader on 30 May 2019 and later became Opposition Leader.

In May 2022, the Labor Party won the most seats in the 2022 federal election with Albanese becoming the 31st prime minister.

Albanese was born on 2 March 1963 in the Sydney suburb of Darlinghurst. He is the son of Carlo Albanese and Maryanne Ellery. Growing up, Albanese was told that his father had died in a car accident; he did not meet his father, who was in fact still alive, until 2009. He later discovered that he had two half-siblings.

Albanese graduated with a bachelor of economics from the University of Sydney. After, Albanese became a research officer to Minister Tom Uren. In 1995, became a senior adviser to New South Wales Premier Bob Carr.

In June 2013, when Kevin Rudd beat Julia Gillard in a final leadership election. That same ballot saw Albanese elected by the caucus as Deputy Leader of the Labor Party, and the next day Albanese was sworn in as Deputy Prime Minister. He held this role until Labor's defeat at the 2013 election, and was replaced by Warren Truss on 18 September.

When Bill Shorten announced his resignation as Leader of the Labor Party on 18 May 2019, after Labor's unexpected loss in the 2019 election, Albanese announced his candidacy of Labor Party leader. Albanese became party leader on 30 May since no one else ran against him, with Richard Marles as his deputy. Aged 56 when he took office, he is the oldest first-time Opposition Leader in 59 years.

Albanese led the Labor Party to victory at the 2022 federal election on 21 May, becoming prime minister–designate shortly afterwards. Albanese is the first Italian-Australian prime minister in the country's history. He is the fourth Labor leader to be appointed prime minister, directly after being the opposition leader, since World War II. He was sworn-in as prime minister on 23 May 2022.

On 30 June 2022, Albanese met with French president Emmanuel Macron in Paris to "reset" relations between France and Australia. The next day, Albanese travelled to Ukraine to meet with president Volodymyr Zelenskyy, making him the first Australian prime minister to make a diplomatic visit to Ukraine.

In 2000, Albanese married Carmel Tebbutt, a future Deputy Premier of New South Wales. They have one son. Albanese and Tebbutt separated in January 2019. In June 2020, it was reported that Albanese was in a new relationship, with Jodie Haydon. While some prime ministers divorced after leaving office, Albanese is the first divorced person to become prime minister.

Albanese describes himself as "half-Italian and half-Irish". "Albo" is a well known nickname for Albanese used by his supporters and media.

Albanese was injured in a car crash while driving in Marrickville, New South Wales, on 8 January 2021 with serious injuries. The other driver was a 17-year-old who received a ticket for negligent driving. Emergency workers told Albanese that if the teen's car had hit just 30 centimetres either side of where it did, he would have been killed.

In April 2022, Albanese tested positive for COVID-19.

Fuck tha Police

"Fuck tha Police" is a protest song from American hip hop group N.W.A. The song is included on the group's 1988 studio album "Straight Outta Compton". It was also included on "N.W.A's Greatest Hits" album.

Since it was released in 1988, the "Fuck the Police" slogan is continuing to influence pop culture in the form of songs, T-shirts and artwork. The lyrics protest police brutality and racial profiling. There have been several cover versions of the song from Rage Against the Machine and Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.

Anglo-Indian people

Anglo-Indians is a word which is used to describe anybody with mixed Indian and British ancestry. It is also used to describe people living in the Indian subcontinent who had British forefathers.

Ruskin Bond

Ruskin Bond is an Anglo Indian. He lives with his adopted family in Landour, Mussoorie, India. The Indian Council for Child Education has recognised his role in the growth of children's literature in India. He was awarded the Sahitya Academy Award in 1992 for "Our Trees Still Grow in Dehra", a novel in English. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1999 and the Padma Bhushan in 2014. 

Ruskin Bond Famous Quotes

Ruskin Bond - Written works
The Best of Ruskin Bond

The Blue Umbrella

The Room on the Roof

The Eyes Have It

Angry River

Delhi Is Not Far

Rusty the Boy from the Hills

A Flight of Pigeons

Night Train at Deoli and Other Stories

Landour Days: A Writer's Journal 

Career. Ruskin Bond started his career by working in a photo studio. He worked there while he was looking for publishers for his works.

Awards and Achievements. In 1992, Ruskin Bond won the Sahitya Academy Award for his book ‘Our Trees Still Grow in Dehra.’ In 1999, he received the Padma Sri award.

FAMILY- he is wonderful
List of rivers of Canada

This is an alphabetical list of rivers of Canada.






Air Force School Jodhpur

Air Force School Jodhpur is a CBSE school in Jodhpur city of Rajasthan.

Signe Marie Stray Ryssdal

Signe Marie Stray Ryssdal (22 July 1924 – 18 May 2019) was a Norwegian lawyer and politician. She was a member of the Liberal Party. She served as a a deputy representative of the Storting, the parliament of Norway, from 1965 to 1973. She served as a member of Oslo's city council from 1968 to 1972. She was the County Governor of Aust-Agder from 1983 to 1994. She also chaired of the board of the National Insurance Administration from 1968 to 1980. She was born in Tromøya.

Stray Ryssdal died on 18 May 2019 in Arendal. She was 94.


Austin Eubanks

Stephen Austin Eubanks (October 8, 1981 – May 18, 2019) was an American motivational speaker. He was a survivor of the Columbine High School massacre in 1999. He was shot in his hand and knee by shooter Dylan Klebold, and his friend Corey DePooter was murdered in the shooting. After the massacre, Eubanks became addicted to opioids. He later was a motivational speaker on drug addiction recovery. Eubanks was divorced and had two children.

Eubanks was found dead on May 18, 2019 in Steamboat Springs, Colorado. He was 37. His death was confirmed as an accidental overdose of heroin.

Secular state

A secular state is a state that does not have a state religion or a theocracy, instead advocating secularism and a separation of church and state. Most states in the world today are secular states.

There are two types of secular countries:




Lifeline Theatre

Lifeline Theatre started in Chicago, Illinois, United States, in 1983. Five Northwestern University graduates started the theater group. They moved to Rogers Park—a converted Commonwealth Edison substation— in 1986. This includes a 99-seat theater, rehearsal and office space, a scene shop, and costume, prop, and scenery storage.

Since 1986, Lifeline members have received 48 Joseph Jefferson Awards.

Member Meryl Friedman won the 1999 Distinguished Play Award in the Elementary Category from the American Alliance of Theatre and Education for her adaptation of "Journey of the Sparrows", produced at Lifeline in 1996. 

The American Alliance for Theater and Education awarded Lifeline the 2003 Sara Spencer Artistic Achievement Award for sustained and successful achievement in the field of theater for young audiences.

Lifeline Theatre's work includes MainStage productions:

Family MainStage productions have included: 

In 1986 Lifeline started its KidSeries program. Productions have included:

Lifeline Theatre's members are: Patrick Blashill, Christina Calvit, Victoria DeIorio, Alan Donahue, Kevin D. Gawley, Peter Greenberg, James E. Grote, Chris Hainsworth, John Hildreth, Paul S. Holmquist, Elise Kauzlaric, Robert Kauzlaric, Frances Limoncelli, Katie McLean Hainsworth, Dorothy Milne (Artistic Director), Shole Milos, Sandy Snyder Pietz, Suzanne Plunkett, Phil Timberlake, Jennifer Tyler, Christopher M. Walsh, and Elizabeth Powell Wislar. Emeritus members include: Eric Lane Barnes, Meryl Friedman, Rebecca Hamlin, James Sie, and Steve Totland.

Amédée Grab

Amédée Antoine-Marie Grab (3 February 1930 – 19 May 2019) was a Swiss Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1954. He served as titular bishop of "Canæ" and auxiliary bishop of Lausanne, Geneva and Fribourg from 1987 to 1995. He then served as bishop of the diocese from 1995 to 1998. He then served as the bishop of Chur from 1995 to 2007. Grab was born in Zürich.

Grab died on 19 May 2019, at the age of 89.

2018–19 Bundesliga

The 2018–19 Bundesliga was the 56th season of the Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on 24 August 2018 and ended on 18 May 2019. The defending champions were Bayern Munich. The champion was not decided until the last matchday, making this the first time since 2009 when this happened. FC Bayern Munich won the tournament the 7th time in a row, with a 2-point lead.

Below is the table for the 2018–19 Fußball-Bundesliga season. Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund, RB Leipzig and Bayer 04 Leverkusen directly qualified for the UEFA Champions League, while Hannover 96 and 1. FC Nuremberg were relegated to the 2. Bundesliga.

List of colleges and universities in Japan

This is an alphabetical list of colleges and universities in Japan.



Gulliver's Travels

Gulliver's Travels is a book written in 1726 by Jonathan Swift. It is a satire about human nature—how humans act—and was very popular. It is about a man named Gulliver who goes to four places. The first has very tiny people that are less than 6 inches tall, the second has very tall people, the third is a floating island with people obsessed with science, and the fourth has savage humans and talking, wise horses.

The book was an immediate success. John Gay said that "it is universally read, from the cabinet council to the nursery".

After many scientists have tried to calculate the approximate height of Gulliver, the closest result has come from Townsville, Australia with an approximate height of Gulliver 14.79647688 metres tall.

Cedar Fair

Cedar Fair L.P., also called the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company is a company that runs amusement parks in the United States and Canada. The company is headquartered inside their main park Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio.

Cedar Point opened as a picnic area in 1870. The park went through a few owners during its early years. The park then wanted to build a new amusement park in Cambridge Township but the plans never went through. Three years later the park bought another park named Vallyfair. The name Cedar Fair comes from the names Cedar Point and Vallyfair. Cedar Fair was created in 1983.

Miguel Montes Busto

Miguel Ángel Montes Busto (28 February 1940 – 20 May 2019) was a Spanish football player and manager.

Montes Busto was born in Oviedo, Asturias. He played as a forward. He spent twelve seasons in the Segunda División between 1959 and 1971. He played for Real Gijón, Las Palmas and Real Oviedo. After retiring from playing, he managed Segunda División side Palencia, many Segunda División B clubs and Sporting de Gijón in La Liga.

Montes Busto died on 20 May 2019 in Gijón, Asturias, at the age of 79.

Blair

Blair may be a given name or surname.

Blair may also refer to:





Dude Perfect

Dude Perfect is a sports entertainment conglomerate company on YouTube. It is headquartered in Frisco, Texas, USA. It is made of Coby Cotton, Cory Cotton, Cody Jones, Garrett Hilbert, and Tyler Toney. All of them went to Texas A&M university.

Gurla Mandhata

Gurla Mandhata is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Tibet. It is the 34th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Katsutoshi Hirabayashi and twelve other members of his expedition, in 1985.

Chris Bowen

Christopher Eyles Guy Bowen (born 17 January 1973) is an Australian politician. Bowen is the Minister for Climate Change and Energy since June 2022. He was the Shadow Treasurer of Australia. Bowen is a senior Labor Right figure. He was the Interim Leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition in 2013 after Labor lost the federal election. 

Bowen worked for the Rudd and Gillard Governments as Minister for Financial Services, Minister for Immigration and Citizenship, and Treasurer. 

After the Labor's loss in the 2019 federal election, Bowen announced his candidacy in the leadership election to replace Opposition Leader Bill Shorten on 21 May. He withdrew from the race the next day due to lack of support.

Peter Slipper

Peter Neil Slipper (born 14 February 1950) is an Australian politician. He was in the House of Representatives from 1984 to 1987 and from 1993 to 2013, representing the Division of Fisher in Queensland. 

He was Speaker of the House of Representatives from 2011 to 2012.


Saturn I

Saturn I (also known as Cluster's Last Stand) was the name of the kind of rockets used by NASA in the Apollo program. Although German engineer and scientist Wernher von Braun intended it as the launch vehicle for crewed Apollo flights. NASA used the original Saturn I ten times and more often used a bigger version, the Saturn IB.


Arti (Hinduism)

Aarti also spelled arti, arati, arathi, aarthi (In Devanagari: "") is a Hindu religious ritual. Worshippers offer light to the gods or goddess and sing praise to them. Aarti is usually contains a holder, which they put fire or flame in and it is part of a puja.

List of WWE United States Champions

The WWE United States Championship is a secondary professional wrestling championship contested in the American promotion WWE for the men of the SmackDown brand. It was also competed for in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), Jim Crockett Promotions and World Championship Wrestling (WCW)

As of May 17, 2021.

As of 31, 2024.
!Rank
!Wrestler
!No. ofreigns
!Combineddays
!Combined daysrec. by WWE
!1
!2
!3
!4
!5
!6
!7
!8
!9
!10
!11
!12
!13
!14
!15
!16
!17
!18
!19
!20
!21
!22
!rowspan=2|23
!25
!26
!27
!28
!29
!30
!rowspan=2|31
!33
!34
!35
!36
!37
!38
!39
!40
!41
!42
!43
!44
!rowspan=2|45
!47
!48
!49
!50
!51
!52
!53
!54
!55
!56
!57
!58
!59
!60
!rowspan=2|61
!63
!rowspan=2|64
!66
!67
!68
!69
!70
!71
!72
!73
!74
!75
!rowspan=4|76
!80
!81
!rowspan=3|82
!85
!86
!87
!rowspan=2|88
!90
!91
!rowspan=2|92
!rowspan=3|94
!97
!98
!99
!100
!101
!102

Saser Kangri

Saser Kangri is a massif (a group of mountains) in the Karakoram range, in India. It is a group of six named mountains. The tallest is Saser Kangri I at . It is the 35th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top of Saser Kangri I were Dawa Norbu, Da Tenzing, Nima Tenzin, and Thondup, in 1973.

The second highest mountain in the massif is Saser Kangri II East. It is tall and is the 49th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Mark Richey, Steve Swenson, and Freddie Wilkinson, in 2011.

The other four mountains in the massif are: 

Sandy D'Alemberte

Talbot "Sandy" D'Alemberte (June 1, 1933 – May 20, 2019) was an American lawyer, professor, politician and educational administrator. He served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1966 to 1972. He was the president of the American Bar Association between 1992 and 1992, and Florida State University from 1993 to 2004. He was also the first chairman of the Florida Constitution Revision Commission, serving from 1977 to 1978. He was born in Tallahassee, Florida.

D'Alemberte died on May 20, 2019 in Tallahassee. He was 85.

Yuriy Bohutsky

Yuriy Petrovich Bohutsky (; 24 September 1952 – 14 May 2019) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the Minister of Culture three times, serving for four months in 1999, from 2001 to 2005 and finally from 2006 to 2007. He was born in Mykolaivka, Velyka Lepetykha Raion, Kherson Oblast.

On 14 May 2019, Bohutsky died of problems caused by surgery which left him in a coma. He was 66.

John Moore, Baron Moore of Lower Marsh

John Edward Michael Moore, Baron Moore of Lower Marsh (26 November 1937 – 20 May 2019) was a British politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was a Member of Parliament for Croydon Central between 1974 and 1992. He held a number of political roles in the Thatcher Cabinet. He served as Economic Secretary to the Treasury (1983), Financial Secretary to the Treasury (1983–1986), Secretary of State for Transport (1986–1987), Secretary of State for Health and Social Services (1987–1988) and Secretary of State for Social Security (1988–1989). He was born in Kentish Town, London.

Moore died on 20 May 2019, at the age of 81.

Ronnie Virgets

Ronald Edward Virgets (April 4, 1942 – May 20, 2019) was an American writer, commentator and journalist. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, where he worked and is best known. He worked as a feature reporter for TV stations WDSU and WWL-TV. He also wrote for "The Times-Picayune", "Gambit", "New Orleans Magazine" and had many books published. He won a regional Emmy Award for a 1992 story on the city of New Orleans. Virgets served as host of "Crescent City," a radio program broadcast in New Orleans on National Public Radio's WWNO.

Virgets died on May 20, 2019 in Destrehan, Louisiana. He was 77.

Kochavi Shemesh

Kochavi Shemesh (‎; 10 January 1944 – 13 May 2019) was an Iraqi-born Israeli lawyer and leftist activist. He was one of the leaders of the Israeli Black Panthers protest movement. He served as editor of the movement's main publication "Ha'panter Ha'shachor" (, meaning ""The Black Panther""). He also helped form the political party Hadash. The party formed as a merger between the Black Panthers, the Israeli Communist Party and other leftist organisations. He was born in Baghdad and grew up in Jerusalem.

Shemesh died on 13 May 2019, at the age of 75.

Julio César Trujillo

Julio César Trujillo Vásquez (25 March 1931 – 19 May 2019) was an Ecuadorian lawyer and politician. He was born in Ibarra, Ecuador. He was a member of the National Congress from 1979 to 1984. From 2018 until his death, he was President of the Council of Citizen Participation and Social Control.

Trujillo died on 19 May 2019 from problems caused by a cerebral hemorrhage in Quito at the age of 88.

Geneviève Waïte

Geneviève Waïte (February 13, 1948 – May 18, 2019) was a South African actress, singer and model. She was known for her roles as the lead character in "Joanna" (1978) and as The Girl in "Move" (1970).

Waïte died on May 18, 2019 at the age of 71.

Charles Kittel

Charles Kittel (July 18, 1916 – May 15, 2019) was an American physicist. He was a Professor at University of California, Berkeley from 1951 and was Professor Emeritus from 1978 until his death. He was born in New York City. Kittel was known for his works about RKKY interaction and for his "Introduction to Solid State Physics" textbook.

Kittel died on May 15, 2019 at the age of 102.

Geneviève Raugel

Geneviève Raugel (27 May 1951 – 10 May 2019) was a French mathematician. She worked in the field of numerical analysis and dynamical systems. Raugel worked for Centre national de la recherche scientifique, University of Rennes 1, École Polytechnique and at University of Paris-Sud.

In the mid-1980s, she started working on the dynamics of evolution equations, in particular on global attractors, perturbations, and Navier-Stokes equations on thin domains, where she was recognized a world expert.

Raugel died on 10 May 2019 at the age of 68.


Ma'ruf Amin

Ma'ruf Amin (born 11 March 1943) is an Indonesian politician and Islamic cleric. He is the chairman of the Ulema Council of Indonesia. On 21 May 2019, Ma'ruf was elected Vice President of Indonesia.

On 9 August 2018, President Joko Widodo announced that Ma'ruf would be his running mate in the 2019 Indonesian presidential election.

Queensland lungfish

The Queensland lungfish ("Neoceratodus forsteri"), also known as the Australian lungfish, Burnett salmon and barramunda, is one of the surviving species of lungfish. It is native only to the Mary and Burnett River systems of the Australian state of Queensland. The species has been introduced elsewhere and is also found in many other parts of Queensland's south-east. Although it is not a threatened species, the Queensland lungfish are protected.

Fossils of Queensland lungfish from up to 380 million years ago have been discovered. The species lives in slow-flowing rivers and still water (including reservoirs). They are commonly found to be about in length and weigh , but can get up to in length and weigh .


Dumont d'Urville Station

The Dumont d'Urville Station () is a French scientific station in Antarctica. It is on Île des Pétrels, archipelago of Pointe-Géologie in Adélie Land. It is named after explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville. His expedition landed on Débarquement Rock in the Dumoulin Islands at the northeast end of the archipelago on January 21, 1840. The station is run by the "French Polar Institute Paul-Émile Victor".

The first French Antarctic research station was at Port Martin, east of D'Urville. It was destroyed by fire on January 23, 1952. In 1952, a small base called Base Marret, was built on Île des Pétrels to study a rookery of emperor penguins. When the Port Martin station was destroyed, Base Marret was used in the winter of 1952/1953. A new main base, Dumont D'Urville station, was built on the same island and opened on January 12, 1956. This became the centre for French scientific research during the Antarctic International Geophysical Year 1957/1958. It has remained in active use ever since.

The station allows between 30 and 40 people to come ashore at one time. Ice and strong katabatic winds often prevent landings, either by boat or by helicopter. The station can accommodate about 30 people in winter and 120 during the summer. The icebreaker ship "L'Astrolabe" carries supplies and people to the station from the port of Hobart, Tasmania. It does five trips between November and March.

The Academy Award-winning documentary movie "La Marche de l'empereur", in English "March of the Penguins", was filmed in the region around this base.

Leland Stanford

Amasa Leland Stanford (March 9, 1824June 21, 1893) was an American tycoon, industrialist, politician. He was also the founder of Stanford University along with his wife, Jane Stanford. He came to California with his brothers in 1852 and they were successful in selling tools and mining equipment. 

Leland joined with three other Sacramento merchants to form a group who called themselves “The Associates.” It was these men—, , , and, as President, himself. They bonded together as a team to build the first Transcontinental Railway. His role with them drove his politics, and his success in politics for what he was trying to do for Sacramento and California was very much driven by his position as the head of .

Stanford was a white supremacist. In 1859, he wrote:I am in favor of free white American citizens. I prefer free white citizens to any other race. I prefer the white man to the negro as an inhabitant to our country.He spent one two-year term as Governor of California after his election in 1861. He later spent eight years as a United States Senator.

Aker (deity)

Aker ("also known as Akeru") is the ancient Egyptian god of Earth and the horizon. He guarded the eastern and western borders of the netherworld. He protected Ra, the sun god, when he entered the netherworld at sunset and when he returned to the world of the living at sunrise and bore the sun on his back through the underworld. 

He welcomed the deceased pharaoh Apep ("Apophis) and" was rumored to have the ability to neutralize a snake bite.


Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39

The Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39 (LC-39) is a rocket launch facility of Kennedy Space Center of Florida, United States. The site was originally made for the Apollo program. Later, it was modified for the Space Shuttle program. , only Pad 39A is in use to launch SpaceX's Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy. Pad 39B is modifying for NASA's Space Launch System. The Pad 39C was added in 2015 for small rocket launches, although it is not in use.


James Fitz-Allen Mitchell

Sir James Fitz-Allen Mitchell (15 May 1931 – 23 November 2021) 
was the former Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

He was the second Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the founder of the New Democratic Party (NDP). 

He also was Premier of the then colony of Saint Vincent from 1972 to 1974, and as Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines from 1984 to 2000.

Tang Fei

Tang Fei (; born 15 March 1932) is a retired ROC Air Force general and politician. He was the Premier of the Republic of China between May 20 and October 6, 2000 under the Chen Shui-bian government. He worked for the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), even though he was a member of the Kuomintang (KMT).

Jeffrey A. Rosen

Jeffrey Adam Rosen (born April 2, 1958) is an American lawyer. Rosen was the Acting United States Attorney General from December 23, 2020 to January 20, 2021. He was the 38th United States Deputy Attorney General from May 22, 2019 until he became acting Attorney General. He was the 21st United States Deputy Secretary of Transportation from May 18, 2017 to May 21, 2019. He was a senior partner at the law firm Kirkland & Ellis.

On February 19, 2019, President Donald Trump announced his plans to nominate Rosen for United States Deputy Attorney General replacing Rod Rosenstein. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on May 16.

On December 14, 2020, it was announced that Rosen would become acting Attorney General on December 23, when William Barr's resignation takes effect.

List of dialling codes in Italy

Country Code: +39
International Call Prefix: 00
Trunk Prefix: None. Leading 0 is dialed both within and from outside Italy, just because it is now part of the actual number and no longer the trunk prefix.

Area codes in Italy are administered by Telecom Italia:











List of countries and dependencies by population density

This is a list of countries and dependencies ranked by human population density, and measured by the number of human inhabitants per square kilometer or square mile. The list includes sovereign states and self-governing dependent territories based upon the ISO standard ISO 3166-1. The list also includes but does not rank unrecognized but de facto independent countries. The figures in the following table are based on areas including inland water bodies (lakes, reservoirs, rivers). Data estimates for July 2005, taken from the United Nations World Prospects Report (2004 revision), unless stated differently.

The names of dependent territories are shown in italics. Area figures provided here have been obtained from the main articles of the respective countries and territories.

This list consists of the top 100 most populous countries (see also List of countries and dependencies by population).

Eduard Punset

Eduard Punset i Casals (9 November 1936 – 22 May 2019) was a Spanish politician, lawyer, economist and science popularise. He was a member of Adolfo Suárez's Union of the Democratic Centre. He served as a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1982 to 1983. He was later a member of the European Parliament between 1987 and 1994. He also wrote for the BBC and "The Economist". He was born in Barcelona, Catalonia.

Punset was diagnosed with lung cancer in November 2007 but recovered. He died on 22 May 2019 of lung cancer in Barcelona. He was 82.


Ali Mohammad Mahar

Sardar Ali Mohammad Khan Mahar (‎; 12 January 1967 – 21 May 2019) was a Pakistani politician. He served as the 25th Chief Minister of Sindh from 2002 to 2004. He was also a member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from 2002 to 2007. Until his death in 2019, he was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since 2008, and was Federal Minister for Narcotics Control since 2018.

Mahar died on 21 May 2019 of heart failure, at the age of 52.

Referential transparency

Referential transparency is a feature of parts of computer programs. A part of a program is called "referentially transparent" if it can be replaced with the value it gives back without changing the program's behavior. A referentially transparent function must be pure—it must always give the same output if it takes the same input, and it must not have any side effects—parts of the program that perform an action other than giving a value back. The opposite of referential transparency is referential opacity.

In mathematics, most functions are referentially transparent, because a mathematical function can only take values in and spit a value out. There are some exceptions, due to some historically convenient functions, which can help highlight the notion of referential transparency. For example, formula_1 means "apply the function twice", or formula_2. If making statements that apply to functions formula_3, then formula_1 means this, regardless of the function. For specific functions (usually trig functions like sine, cosine, etc), mathematicians use the square notation to mean "square the output". For example, formula_5 means formula_6 which is not the same as formula_7. This is an example of referential opacity because formula_1when formula_3 happens to be sine does not mean the same thing as formula_5, so substituting sine in for f changes the meaning of the statement.

In programming, a function might also find out what day of the year it is, or print a message to the screen. Because of this difference, some people use other names for functions in programming, like procedures.

Referential transparency lets programmers and compilers to think of code as a rewrite system—something that takes an expression and replaces it with something else. This can help with several tasks, such as:


There are several ways of doing the last task—the most well-known are memoization (saving answers after the first time), common subexpression elimination (figuring out if it is worth it to combine two parts of the code that are the same) , lazy evaluation (not finding the answer until the code really needs it), and parallelization (working on multiple problems at the same time).

Walter Harris (author)

Walter Harris (15 October 1925 – 9 May 2019) was a British author and broadcaster. He wrote ten books and had many poetry volumes published. His first book was "Clovis" (1970), and his last was "Godhead" (2014). He worked for the BBC and interviewed Peter Cook, Dudley Moore, Alan Bennett and Jonathan Miller on the opening night of "Beyond the Fringe", as well as Danny Kaye, John Wayne and W. Somerset Maugham. Recordings of his interviews and broadcasts are held at the BBC Sound Archive and the British Library.

Harris died on 9 May 2019, at the age of 93.

Nan Winton

Nancy Wigginton (1925 – 11 May 2019), better known as Nan Winton, was a British broadcaster. She is best known for being the first female newsreader on BBC television. After her first news broadcaster on 20 June 1960, she worked for ITV. She was also a regular panellist on the radio panel game "Treble Chance".

Winton was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire. She was married to actor Charles Stapley from 1948 to 1962. The couple had two children. On 11 May 2019, Winton died from congestive heart failure and hypertension after having a fall at her home in Dorchester, Dorset. She was 93.

Jean Beaudin

Jean Beaudin (6 February 1939 – 18 May 2019) was a Canadian movie director and screenwriter. He directed 20 movies, including French-language movies "J.A. Martin Photographer" (1977), "The Alley Cat" (1985), "Being at Home with Claude" (1992) and "The Collector" (2002). He was born in Montreal, Quebec. Beaudin's partner of more than 20 years was actress Domini Blythe (1947–2010).

Beaudin died on 18 May 2019, at the age of 80.

Jonathan Miller

Sir Jonathan Wolfe Miller (21 July 1934 – 27 November 2019) was a British theatre and opera director, actor, author, television presenter and medical doctor. He was born in St John's Wood, London. He first became well-known in the early 1960s in the comedy revue "Beyond the Fringe" with Peter Cook, Dudley Moore and Alan Bennett.

Miller started directing operas in the 1970s. His best-known production was probably his 1982 "Mafia"-styled "Rigoletto" set in the 1950s. He was an associate director at the National Theatre and later ran the Old Vic Theatre. He was a writer and presenter of many BBC documentaries.

Miller was married to Rachel Collet from 1956 until his death. The couple had three children.

Miller died at his home in Camden, London of Alzheimer's disease-related problems on 27 November 2019. He was 85.


Side effect (computer science)

A part of a program with a side effect performs a noticeable action other than giving back a value. Examples include showing a picture on a computer screen, or checking what year it is. Code with side effects can be harder to understand without any context, and the order of instructions more important for code with side effects. 

In functional programming, programmers try to avoid side effects when they can, so it is easier to prove that a program will always do what it is supposed to. In some functional languages, like Standard ML, Scheme, or Scala, side effects are not restricted, but programmers still try to use them less. In Haskell, actions with side effects must be stated explicitly—this makes it easier to tell what code does or does not have them.

Mars Climate Orbiter

The Mars Climate Orbiter was a space probe. It was launched by NASA on 11 December 1998 to study the Martian climate and Martian atmosphere. However, on 23 September 1999, communication with the spacecraft was lost, when the spacecraft was about to enter orbit. Because the computer software was working with non-SI units instead of the SI units. The spacecraft entered Mars on an orbit that brought it too close to the planet. However, what happened with the probe is still unknown, either it was destroyed in the atmosphere or entered in an orbit around the Sun after leaving the Martian atmosphere.

Glauco Sansovini

Glauco Sansovini (20 May 1938 – 21 May 2019) was a Sammarinese politician. He served as one of the Captains Regent of San Marino together with Marco Conti from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010. He was born in Rocca San Casciano, Italy.

Sansovini died on 21 May 2019 in Borgo Maggiore, a day after his 81st birthday.

Neville Lederle

Neville Lederle (25 September 1938 – 17 May 2019) was a South African racing driver. He raced in two Formula One World Championship Grand Prix. His two F1 appearances were in the and South African Grand Prix. He scored a single F1 championship point. He was born in Theunissen, Orange Free State.

Lederle died at his home in Knysna on 17 May 2019, at the age of 80.

Scala (programming language)

Scala is a general-purpose programming language—a language that is designed for solving all kinds of problems, not just a specific one.

It provides support for functional programming, and is statically typed. It is designed to fix some problems with Java, and to be concise—to be able to express a lot with only a little bit of code.

Scala code is supposed to be compiled into Java bytecode, so Scala code can be run on a Java Virtual Machine (JVM). Scala has language interoperability with Java—Scala code can be used in Java programs, and the other way around.

William Wyatt Bibb

William Wyatt Bibb (2 October 1781 – 10 July 1820) was a United States Senator from Georgia. He was the first Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama. Bibb County, Alabama, and Bibb County, Georgia, are named for him.

He was a member of the Democratic-Republican political party. Bibb served as governor of the Alabama Territory from August 1817 to December 1819, and as the first elected governor of the state of Alabama from December 1819 to his death on July 10, 1820.

Shispare

Shispare is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is the 38th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were H. Bleicher, L. Cichy, M. Grochowski, J. Holnicki-Szulc, A. Mlynarczyk, H. Oberhofer, and J. Poreba, in 1974.

Piet Blauw

Pieter Marinus "Piet" Blauw (30 September 1937 – 16 May 2019) was a Dutch politician and farmer. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He became a member of the House of Representatives in 1981, serving until 1998. He born in Alkmaar, North Holland.

Blauw died on 16 May 2019 in Veendam, Groningen. He was 81.

TEC-9

The Intratec TEC-9, also called a TEC-DC9, KG-99, or AB-10, is a blowback-operated semi-automatic pistol. 

Artemis program

The Artemis program is an international human space-flight program. The goal is to return humans to the Moon by the year 2025. It will involve the first woman and thirteenth man to land on the moon. It is led by the United States and planned by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). It will be the first lunar landing since Apollo 17 in 1972, which was the final lunar mission of the Apollo program. The Artemis program began in December 2017. It was created by bringing together many programs that had been started since 2009 by the United States as it tries to return to the moon. As a result of Artemis, the United States hopes that there will always be humans on the moon. One day the program might take humans to Mars and other places in the Solar System. As well as NASA, the Artemis program work is done by companies and other international organisations like European Space Agency.

Artemis 1 was a flight that landed in December 2022.
Artemis 3 is supposed to happen in 2026, according to media (2023's first quarter).



Khwe language

Khwe (also rendered "Kxoe, Khoe"; or ) is a dialect continuum of the Khoe family of Namibia, Angola, Botswana, South Africa, and parts of Zambia, with some 8,000 speakers.

Information commissioner

An information commissioner is a government-appointed person who controls a country's laws regarding data. In the United Kingdom these are laws such as the Data Protection Act.

Value (computer science)

A value is a piece of information that can be used by a program. A group of values is sometimes called a type.

Manual labour

Manual labor is labor done "by hand". This means that it is physical work done by people. Examples of labor that is not manual include work done by machines, work done by animals, or work that is more focused on thinking, planning, or giving information to other people. While manual labor is often done with the hands, it does not always have to be—crushing grapes by walking on them is also an example of manual labor.

Artemis 1

Artemis 1 (previously known as Exploration Mission-1 and before that Space Launch System-1) was an uncrewed flight of the Space Launch System and the second flight of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle. It was launched on 16th November, 2022, at 1:47 AM EST, from LC-39B in KSC, Florida. The flight ended on 11 December; The space capsule landed in the Pacific Ocean.



New Mexico Territory

The Territory of New Mexico was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed (with varying boundaries) from September 9, 1850, until January 6, 1912, when the remaining extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of New Mexico, making it the longest-lived organized incorporated territory of the United States, lasting approximately 62 years.


Kongur Tagh

Kongur Tagh is a mountain in the Pamir range, in China. It is also known as Kongkoerh. It is the 37th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Peter Boardman, Chris Bonington, Alan Rouse, and loe Tasker, in 1981.

Muztagh Ata

Muztagh Ata is a mountain in the Kunlun range, in China. It is also known as Muztagata. The name means "Father of Ice Mountain". It is the 43rd highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were three members of Chinese and Soviet expedition, in 1956.

Kongur Tiube

Kongur Tiube is a mountain in the Pamir range, in China. It is also known as Jiubie. It is the 47th highest mountain in the world. Some consider it to be a sub-peak of Kongur Tagh instead of an independent mountain.

Carlton, Nottinghamshire

Carlton is a suburb to the east of the city of Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, England. 

Richard Beckinsale, actor and father of actresses Samantha Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale, was born in Carlton in 1947.

Clifton, Nottinghamshire

Clifton is a former village and historic manor, which now forms part of the south western suburbs of the city of Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.


Doug Wilson (rugby union)

Douglas Dawson Wilson (30 January 1931 – 18 May 2019) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He was born in Whanganui, North Island. Wilson played for the provisional teams Canterbury and Wellington. He played for the New Zealand national rugby union team. He played 14 matches, including two internationals, and scored five tries and one drop goal.

Wilson died at Kowhainui Hospital in Whanganui on 18 May 2019. He was 88.

Judith Kerr

Judith Kerr, OBE (surname pronounced ; 14 June 1923 – 22 May 2019) was a German-born British writer and illustrator. She was known for her "Mog" series and "The Tiger Who Came to Tea". She also wrote novels for young adults such as "When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit", which gave a child's-eye view of the Second World War.

Kerr was born in Berlin, but moved to the United Kingdom before the Nazis rose to power because Kerr's father, openly a Nazi critic, was scared for his family's safety. Kerr later became a naturalized British subject.

Kerr died on 22 May 2019 from a short-illness at her home in Barnes, London at the age of 95.

Dumiso Dabengwa

Dumiso Dabengwa (December 6, 1939– 23 May 2019) was a Zimbabwean politician. He was the head of Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army (ZIPRA) intelligence during the Rhodesian Bush War. He was Minister of Home Affairs from 1992 to 2000. He was a candidate of ZAPU for President of Zimbabwe during the 2013 general election.

Dabengwa died on 23 May 2019 in Harare from liver disease at the age of 79.

Mette Frederiksen

Mette Frederiksen (born 19 November 1977) is a Danish Social Democrat politician. Frederiksen has been the 27th Prime Minister of Denmark since 27 June 2019. She has been a member of the Folketing since 2001. She worked in Helle Thorning-Schmidt's government as Minister of Employment from 2011 to 2014, and as Minister of Justice from 2014 to 2015. 

On 28 June 2015, Frederiksen replaced Thorning-Schmidt as leader of the Social Democrats.

After the 2019 general election, her party won 49 out of 179 seats in the Folketing. She has been commissioned by Queen Margrethe II to lead the negotiations to form a new government. Frederiksen became the youngest Prime Minister in Danish history, at the age of 41 on 27 June 2019.

Rolf Huisgen

Rolf Huisgen (13 June 1920 – 26 March 2020) was a German chemist.

In 1947, he was named professor at the University of Tübingen in 1949. He returned to the University of Munich in 1952 where he remained dedicated to research long after attaining emeritus status in 1988.

His best known work was related to the 1,3-Dipolar cycloaddition reaction, also known as the Huisgen cycloaddition or Huisgen reaction. He is an important person in post-war chemistry departments in Germany and Austria, due to the large number of his "habilitants" becoming professors.

His daughter, mathematician Birge Huisgen-Zimmermann was born in 1946.

Huisgen died on 26 March 2020 at the age of 99.

Beaton Tulk

Beaton Tulk (May 22, 1944 – May 23, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was the seventh Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador from 2000 to 2001. He was born in Ladle Cove, Newfoundland. He was a member of the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1979 to 1989 and again from 1993 to 2002 as a Liberal.

On December 16, 2002, Tulk was appointed by the federal government of Jean Chrétien to the Canadian Transportation Agency.

In 2018, Flanker Press released his autobiography, "A Man of My Word".

Tulk died of prostate cancer, one day after his 75th birthday on May 23, 2019 at his home in Musgravetown, Newfoundland and Labrador.

Nanni Balestrini

Nanni Balestrini (2 July 1935 – 19 May 2019) was an Italian experimental poet, author and visual artist. He was active in the Neoavanguardia movement. His works were written in Italian and were sometimes translated to English. He published many poetry collections and novels. He is well-known for his novels "Vogliamo tutto" (1971) and "Gli invisibili" (1987), among others. He was born in Milan.

AMC Theatres

AMC Theatres (referred to as simply AMC is a multi-nation owned movie theater chain based in Leawood, Kansas. It was founded in 1920. It has the largest share of American theater market, ahead of the Cineworld and Cinemark theater chains.

AMC took over Odeon Cinemas, Carmike Cinemas and UCI Cinemas in 2016. At that point, it became the largest movie theater chain in the world and the United States. It has over 2,200 screens and 244 theatres in Europe. It owns over 8,200 screens and 661 theatres in the United States.

AMC Theatres has an R-rated policy. No person under age 17 can see an R-rated movie without having parents or a guardian 21 or older with them. Those who "are" 17 or older though look under age 25 must carry a photo ID and date of birth before being allowed to see R-rated movies. Children under age 6 are not allowed to see R-rated movies after 6 pm.

Bobby Joe Long

Robert Joseph Long (October 14, 1953 – May 23, 2019), also known as Bobby Joe Long, was an American serial killer and rapist. He abducted, sexually assaulted and murdered at least 10 women in the Tampa Bay Area in Florida during an eight-month period in 1984. For the murder of one of victims, Michelle Sims, he was sentenced to death. According to the Florida Department of Corrections, Long had one five-year sentence, four 99-year sentences, 28 life sentences and one death sentence. He was born in Kenova, West Virginia.

Long was executed by lethal injection on May 23, 2019 at Florida State Prison in Raiford, Florida.

Hosei Norota

Norota died of bladder cancer on 23 May 2019 in Tokyo. He was 89.

Lionel Heinrich

Lionel Grant Heinrich (April 20, 1934 – April 21, 2014) was a professional ice hockey player who played 35 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Boston Bruins.

Ralph Nattrass

Ralph William Nattrass (May 26, 1925 – April 30, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 223 games in the National Hockey League. He would play all of his NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks (1946–47 to 1949–50). In 2014, Nattress died at the Grey Nuns Community Hospital in Edmonton, Alberta.

Ross Lonsberry

David Ross Lonsberry (February 7, 1947 – May 4, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Boston Bruins, Los Angeles Kings, Philadelphia Flyers and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Brian Marchinko

Brian Nicholas Wayne Marchinko (August 2, 1948 – May 12, 2014) was a professional ice hockey player who played 47 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the New York Islanders and Toronto Maple Leafs. He was born in Weyburn, Saskatchewan and died in Chilliwack, British Columbia.

Fred Dunsmore

Frederick Roy Dunsmore (March 30, 1929 – May 13, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey centerman who was runner-up for Manitoba's "Athlete of the Century".

He played baseball for the Winnipeg Goldeyes briefly in 1954.


Neebing, Ontario

Neebing is a municipality in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Thunder Bay District south of the city of Thunder Bay. It is part of Thunder Bay's Census Metropolitan Area.

Neebing is made of the former geographic townships of Blake, Crooks, Pardee, Pearson and Scoble. It was created in its current form on January 1, 1999. It should not be confused with the geographic township of Neebing, which was merged into the City of Thunder Bay in 1970.

The Municipality of Neebing was created in 1881 by the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It included Neebing township, Neebing Additional township, Blake, Crooks and Pardee townships. In 1892 all of Neebing Additional township and a large portion of Neebing township was removed to form the City of Fort William. In 1970 the remainder of Neebing township was also removed from the Municipality of Neebing, leaving it with only the name.

The municipality includes the communities of Cloud Bay, Jarvis River, Moose Hill, Scoble West and Wamsley.

Population trend:

Parastratiosphecomyia stratiosphecomyioides

Parastratiosphecomyia stratiosphecomyioides is a species of flies in the soldier fly family (Stratiomyidae). 

The fly's obvious wasp-waist suggests it may be showing Batesian mimicry. Looking a bit like a wasp would presumable give it some protection.

Ben 10: Race Against Time

Ben 10: Race Against Time (also known as Ben 10: The Movie) is a 2007 Canadian-American animated film. It was created by Man of Action. It was released on November 21, 2007, in the United States.


Phil Proctor

Philip "Phil" Proctor (born July 28, 1940) is an American actor and screenwriter. He is a member of The Firesign Theatre. He has performed voice-over work for video games, movies and television shows. He was born in Goshen, Indiana and graduated from Yale University.

He voiced Howard Deville in "Rugrats" and "All Grown Up!" on Nickelodeon and "background" voices for Disney features, also provided "additional voices" in Pixar films, as well as voice work on "Power Rangers Time Force". He also did two voices in the GameCube video Game "", and on the Playstation 2's "Dark Chronicle".

He is the voice of The Professor and White Monkey in the "Ape Escape series". He voiced Dr. Warren Vidic in "Assassin's Creed" and Bob the Seahorse in "Finding Nemo".

Both animated and live action:




Anna Udvardy

Anna Udvardy (1949 – 23 May 2019) was a Hungarian movie producer and production manager. She is best known for producing the short movie "Sing" (2016). The movie won Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 89th Academy Awards in 2017. She was born in Budapest.

Udvardy died on 23 May 2019, at the age of 69.

Wayne Thiebaud

Wayne Thiebaud (November 15, 1920 – December 25, 2021) was an American painter. He was best known for his paintings showing food and household items in many forms. He was said to be part of the pop art movement although his paintings predate the beginning of the movement. He was awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Bill Clinton in 1994.

Thiebaud was born in Mesa, Arizona to Mormon parents. His family moved to Long Beach, California when he was six months old. He married twice and had four children, including Twinka Thiebaud (born 1945) and Paul Thiebaud (1960–2010).

Thiebaud died on December 25, 2021 at his home in Sacramento, California at the age of 101.

Estelle Parsons

Estelle Margaret Parsons (born November 20, 1927) is an American actress, singer and stage director. She worked for the television program "Today" and first appeared on stage in 1961. 

During the 1960s, Parsons became known her career on Broadway becoming a movie actress. She is best known for her roles in the movies "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967), "Rachel, Rachel" (1968), "I Never Sang for My Father" (1970), "I Walk the Line" (1970) and "Boys on the Side" (1995). 

She won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Bonnie and Clyde", and for "Rachel, Rachel" was nominated with the same award. She later became known on television for her role as Beverly Harris in the sitcom "Roseanne".

Parsons was born in Lynn, Massachusetts. She was married to Richard Gehman in 1953, before divorcing in 1958. The couple had twin daughters. She married Peter Zimroth in 1983 and have one son.


Vijaya Mulay

Vijaya Mulay (16 May 1921 – 19 May 2019) was an Indian filmmaker, historian, writer, educationist and researcher. She is best for directing and writing animated short movie "Ek Anek Aur Ekta" (1974). For the movie, she won the National Film Award for Best Educational Film. She was born in Bombay.

Mulay died on 19 May 2019 at her south Delhi home. She was 98.

Icona Pop

Icona Pop is a Swedish electropop duo. They formed in 2009. They have electro house, indie pop and punk influences. The duo's two members are Caroline Hjeltt and Aino Jawo. Both singers grew up in Stockholm.

From September 2012 on, the group is based in the United States, mainly in Los Angeles and New York City.

The group's biggest hit was "I Love It", a 2012 electropop song. "I Love It" charted at #1 on the UK Singles Chart.

World calendar

The World Calendar is a variation of the of the Gregorian calendar. It was created by Elisabeth Achelis of Brooklyn, New York in 1930.

The World Calendar is a 12-month, perennial calendar with 4 seasonal quarters.

Each quarter begins on Sunday and ends on Saturday. The quarters lengths are same: each has exactly 91 days, 13 weeks or 3 months. The three months have 31, 30, 30 days respectively.

The World Calendar also has two extra days outside of the week to keep the new year days as same as the Gregorian calendar.


The main critics of The World Calendar are the leaders of religions that worship according to a seven-day cycle.

Jews worship on Saturday, as in the Hebrew Bible: "Keep in memory the Sabbath and let it be a holy day" (). Christians worship on Sunday on which they believe Jesus was resurrected. Muslims worship on Friday on which they believe Adam was created. With the World calendar, their worship would change from year to year. So, the United Nations rejected the calendar.


2020 Belizean general election

The 2020 Belizean general election elected the members of the House of Representatives in the National Assembly. On 14 March 2017, Prime Minister of Belize, Dean Barrow stated that he would call for early elections in November 2019. But in March 2018, Barrow pushed back and set it for 13 February 2020. On 22 May 2019, Barrow insisted that there would be no General election before 1 November 2020 in Belize. 

The Deadline for nominations was 21 October 2020, with political Campaigning lasting for four Weeks until Polling day on 11 November 2020. On the Day of the Election, Polling stations across the Country opened from 7 am, and closed at 10 pm. It was the third to be held in November since 1979.
Individuals eligible to vote have to be registered to vote by Midnight on 26 September 2020. To be eligible to vote, Individuals had to be aged 18 or over; residing as a Commonwealth citizen at an address in Belize, or a Belizean citizen overseas who registered to Vote in the last 15 years and not legally excluded (on grounds of detainment in Prison, a Mental hospital, or on the run from Law enforcement) or disqualified from Voting. Anyone who qualified as an Anonymous elector will have until midnight on 26 October to Register.

The previous general election was held on 4 November 2015, and the new National Assembly was opened on 13 November 2015, which was also the date that the first sitting of the National Assembly of Belize began after the 2015 Belizean general election. According to Section 84 of the Constitution of Belize, the National Assembly of Belize (House of Representatives and Senate) must be dissolved every “five years from the date when the two Houses, first met” unless dissolved sooner by the Governor-General of Belize upon the advice of the Prime Minister. A general election must be called within three months of a dissolution, meaning the latest possible date for Barrow to call the next Belizean general election is on 13 February 2021. If by any chance the next Belizean general election is not held by 13 February 2021, Barrow may be forced to vacate the office of Prime Minister, however he may still remain as Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), but he will have to make a Snap! decision on a Caretaker Prime Minister of Belize to formally announce a date for the next general election. The Caretaker Prime Minister must be from the ruling, UDP and must also be a Cabinet minister in government.

Despite the five-year term of the National Assembly, three of the last four general elections have been called at least a year early. Both Prime Minister, Dean Barrow and Leader of the Opposition, Johnny Briceño of the People’s United Party (PUP) are on record supporting lowering the maximum five-year term of the National Assembly of Belize to four years. This was also one of the promises that Briceño promised the People of Belize should the PUP be elected in the next election.
Barrow first declared on 1 March 2016 that he would be stepping down as Prime Minister on 13 February 2020 and was finding a suitable successor. He also told the Media that the next election is likely to be held in early 2020 and also scheduled a UDP Leadership convention and election in May 2019. His remarks came as he was being questioned about the then pending United Democratic Party First Deputy Leadership election and convention. On 1 April 2017, at the Belize Chamber of Commerce and Industry annual general meeting Barrow narrowed down his departure as Prime Minister to less than a year and stated that he will retire in March 2018. He also narrowed down the date of the Leadership convention to 13 February 2018. He also declared that “Since this will be my last opportunity to address your annual gathering, I close by saying how thankful I am for what has in the main been a constructive relationship with the Chamber”.

In early 2017, Barrow was ailing with excruciating back pain; a serious condition that he was enduring for some time. He could barely sit upright without visible signs of pain on his face, It is understandable then, that in such a poor and un-stabilised state of health he would welcome retirement. But on 1 September 2018, things changed, after enduring the back pain for more than a year, Barrow went to Cuba and requested the Doctors in a hospital there to perform a Spinal Surgery. The Cuban Doctors did as they were told by Barrow and they also did a phenomenal job. The surgery was a success and after one week of rest and recovery, Barrow returned to perfect health. So after the surgery was over, Barrow rescheduled his retirement once again this time to December 2019 and hinted he could do so earlier and also rescheduled the date for the UDP’s Leadership convention back to May 2019.

On 18 November 2018, Barrow’s cabinet urged him to remain as Prime Minister until the 2020 general election. They also urged him to remain as Leader of the UDP until February 2020. He said he will take that move and eventually for the final time, rescheduled the convention to February 2020. On 4 December 2018, Minister of Human Development and Minister of Social Transformation, Anthony Martinez revealed to the media on why he and the Cabinet urged Barrow to remain as Prime Minister until 2020. Martinez stayed on course saying that Barrow ultimately took the decision and that the goal is for the currently leadership to take the UDP into a fourth term in government. A fourth term will be historic for the UDP as no political party in post-independence Belize has ever had a fourth term. Plus this will also be a major upset for the majority of Belizeans who were expecting the PUP to win at the next election.

With the exception of the Belize Progressive Party, led by Patrick Rogers in the 2015 elections, all parties were contesting under first-time leaders.

Jaroslav Erik Frič

Jaroslav Erik Frič (14 August 1949 – 24 May 2019) was a Czech poet, musician and publisher. He also helped organise underground culture festivals. 

Since he did not support the Soviet-led invasion of Czechoslovakia, he wrote samizdat poems. After the Velvet Revolution, he founded publishing houses. He later founded two non-governmental organisations to help minority groups and others. Beginning in 2000, he organised an annual poetry festival in Brno. He was born in Horní Libina.

Frič died of cancer on 24 May 2019 in Brno. He was 69.

Kingdom of Koya

The Kingdom of Kquoja or Koya or Koya Temne, or the Temne Kingdom (1505–1896), was a pre-colonial African state. It was located in the north of Sierra Leone. Its capital was at Cape Mount in what is now Liberia.

The kingdom was founded by the Temne ethnic group in or around 1505. Migrants from the north who wanted to trade with the Portuguese in the south founded the kingom. 

It was ruled by a king called a Bai or Obai. The sub-kingdoms within the state were ruled by nobles titled "Gbana". The Koya Kingdom kept and maintained diplomatic relations with the British and French in the 18th century. Children of Temne nobles were allowed to get western educations abroad. Koya also traded with Islamic states to its north and had Muslims within its borders.

Under Nembanga's reign (1775–1793), the Koya kingdom signed a treaty which made it possible for the establishment of a British colony on the peninsula of Sierra Leone in 1788.

Koya participated in the trans-atlantic slave trade, though sources state that such commerce was much more privatized than in other kingdoms. Subjects of Koya traded in slaves on the coast even against the wishes of the state at times.

From 1801 to 1807, Koya fought a war with British colonists and the Susu. Koya lost the northern shoreline of Sierra Leone to the British and Port Loko to the Susu. However, they remained a power in the region. In 1815, the Temne fought another war with the Susu and regained the port. In 1841, the Temne defeated the Loko tribe of Kasona on the Mabaole River dispersing many of the people. In response to a British bombardment, the kingdom expelled the Church Missionary Society missionaries operating at Magbela in 1860.

The kingdom became a British protectorate August 31, 1896. At that point the Koya kings lost almost all power. Revolts of the Temne and Mende in 1898 were fierce but futile. The British would govern the area of the former kingdom until 1961.


Peter Gammond

Peter Gammond (30 September 1925 – 6 May 2019) was a British music critic, writer, journalist, musician, poet, and artist. Gammond was born in Winnington, Northwich, Cheshire. Upon returning to civilian life in 1947 Gammond continued his studies at Wadham College, Oxford, until 1950, where he read English. During his time at Oxford, he composed and produced an operetta, "Love and Learning".

Gammond worked for a time in a West Country pub and as a rates assessor in Willesden, before joining the publicity department of the Decca Record Company in 1952, as an editor and sleeve-note writer. He died on 6 May 2019 at the age of 93.


George Zweig

George Zweig (; born May 30, 1937) is a Russian-American physicist. He was trained as a particle physicist under Richard Feynman. He is known for his works with Murray Gell-Mann especially when they created the quark model (although he named it "aces"). He later turned his works to neurobiology. 

He has worked as a Research Scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory and MIT, and in the financial services industry.

Flaminia Jandolo

Flaminia Jandolo (February 11, 1930 – May 22, 2019) was an Italian actress and voice actress. She dubbed many animated characters in Italian such as Lady in "Lady and the Tramp", the fairy Merryweather in "Sleeping Beauty", Perdita in "One Hundred and One Dalmatians" and Mrs. Brisby in "The Secret of NIMH".

Jandolo died on May 22, 2019 in Rome at the age of 89.

Marisol Nichols

Marisol Nichols (born November 2, 1973) is an American actress. She is best known for her role in the sixth season of "24" as Special Agent Nadia Yassir and as Hermione Lodge in the 2017 thriller series "Riverdale". Nichols was born in Chicago.


Camila Mendes

Camila Carraro Mendes is an American actress. She was born in Charlottesville, Virginia. She is known for playing Veronica Lodge on The CW teen drama series "Riverdale".

Colchagua (historical province)

The historical province of Colchagua was one of the regions of Chile, between 1826 and 1976. Its capital was located in San Fernando during most of its existence. For some years, Curicó and Rancagua were capitals of Colchagua.

The province of Colchagua was one of the eight provinces of Chile (Coquimbo, Aconcagua, Santiago, Colchagua, Maule, Concepción, Valdivia, and Chiloé) created by the federal laws of 31 January 1826. Its territory comprised former delegations of Colchagua, Curicó and Talca. The province was sanctioned by the 1828 Constitution.

During its early years, Colchagua was divided into the departments of San Fernando (cap. San Fernando), Curicó (cap. Curicó), and Talca (cap. Talca).

In 1833, a new Constitution reorganized the country, creating departments, subdelegations and districts as lower entities of provinces. Later that year, by law dated August, the department of Talca was separated to create the province of Talca, and in 1834, the department of Caupolicán was created, with Rengo as its capital.

Although the title of provincial capital was disputed by San Fernando, Curicó and Talca a September 1840 decree established San Fernando as the capital.

In 1865, the department of Curicó was separated from Colchagua, in order to create the province of Curicó.

On 17 September 1925, by Law Decree N.° 529, the department of San Vicente was created, separated from Caupolicán.

In 1928, the government of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo decided to reorganize the provinces of Chile, by Decree with Law Force N.° 8.582 dated 28 January 1929. The new province of Colchagua incorporated the departments of Rancagua (cap. Rancagua) and Cachapoal (cap. Peumo), originally from the province of O'Higgins, and the department of Santa Cruz (cap. Santa Cruz), which belonged to the province of Curicó.

Because of public discontent, the former provinces of O'Higgins and Colchagua were re-established by Law 5.376, in January 1934. Colchagua kept the departments of San Fernando and Santa Cruz. In 1973, under the government of Salvador Allende, the department of Cardenal Caro was created (cap. Marchigüe).

In July 1974, a new reform took place, directed by the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet, who created regions. On 1 January 1976, the new VI Región (Sixth Region) came into existence, with the territory of former provinces of O'Higgins and Colchagua. Former departments of San Fernando, Santa Cruz and Cardenal Caro were supressed. In 1979, the region was renamed VI Región del Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins (Sixth Region of Liberator General Bernardo O'Higgins, in short, Region of O'Higgins). Its territory comprises current provinces of Cachapoal, Colchagua and Cardenal Caro.

Joseph Nye

Joseph Samuel Nye Jr. (born January 19, 1937) is an American political scientist, writer and politician. He was born in South Orange, New Jersey. A neoliberal and Democrat, he is best known for his 1977 book "Power and Interdependence" and for his theories and explanations between soft and hard power in the international political scale. 

Nye was Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs for President Bill Clinton from 1994 to 1995. Before, he was Chair of the National Intelligence Council from 1993 to 1994.


Wonder Stories

Wonder Stories is an early American science fiction magazine. It was published under several titles from 1929 to 1955. Hugo Gernsback started the magazine after he had lost control of his first science fiction magazine, "Amazing Stories".

"Air Wonder Stories" and "Science Wonder Stories" were merged in 1930 as "Wonder Stories". The magazines were not financially successful, and in 1936 Gernsback sold "Wonder Stories" to Ned Pines at Beacon Publications, where, retitled "Thrilling Wonder Stories", it continued for nearly 20 years. The last issue was dated Winter 1955, and the title was then merged with "Startling Stories", another of Pines' science fiction magazines.

The editors under Gernsback's ownership were David Lasser, who worked hard to improve the quality of the fiction, and, from mid-1933, Charles Hornig.

Gernsback's new magazine, "Amazing Stories", was successful, but Gernsback lost control of the publisher when it went bankrupt in February 1929.

Gernsback claimed that science fiction was educational.

In 1930, Gernsback decided to merge "Science Wonder Stories" and "Air Wonder Stories" into "Wonder Stories". 

The first issue of the merged magazine appeared in June 1930, still on a monthly schedule, with Lasser as editor.

"Wonder Stories" had a circulation of about 25,000 in 1934.

Pines' magazines included several with "Thrilling" in the title, such as "Thrilling Detective" and "Thrilling Love Stories".

The title was changed to "Thrilling Wonder Stories" to match the rest of the "Thrilling" line. The first issue appeared in August 1936—four months after the last Gernsback "Wonder Stories" appeared.



Yemeni Civil War (2014–present)

The Yemeni Civil War is an ongoing war that began in 2015 between two factions: the Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi led Yemeni government and the Houthi armed movement, along with their supporters and allies.
Both sides claim to constitute the official government of Yemen. Houthi forces currently controlling the capital Sanaʽa, allied with forces loyal to the former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, have clashed with the forces loyal to Hadi who are based in Aden. Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant have also carried out attacks, with AQAP controlling swathes of territory in the hinterlands, and along stretches of the coast. On 21 March 2015, after taking over Sanaʽa and the Yemeni government, the Houthi-led Supreme Revolutionary Committee declared a general mobilization to overthrow Hadi and expand their control by driving into southern provinces. The Houthi offensive, allied with military forces loyal to Saleh, began fighting the next day in Lahij Governorate. By 25 March, Lahij fell to the Houthis and they reached the outskirts of Aden, the seat of power for Hadi's government. Hadi fled the country the same day. At the same time, a coalition led by Saudi Arabia launched military operations by using air strikes to restore the former Yemeni government. The United States provided intelligence and logistical support for the campaign. 
According to the UN and other sources, from March 2015 to December 2017, between 8,670–13,600 people were killed in Yemen, including more than 5,200 civilians. They estimated more than 50,000 have died as a result of an ongoing famine due to the war. With Iran suporting the Huthi and Saudi Arabia opposing them, the conflict has been widely seen as a proxy war and a means for Saudi Arabia to combat Iranian influence in the region. 
In 2018, the United Nations warned that 13 million Yemeni civilians face starvation in what it says could become "the worst famine in the world in 100 years." The international community sharply condemned the Saudi Arabian-led bombing campaign, which included widespread bombing of civilian areas. The bombing campaign has killed or injured an estimated 17,729 civilians as of March 2019 according to the Yemen Data Project. Despite this, the crisis gained less international media attention than the Syrian civil war. The US has been providing bombs to aid the Saudi forces and airstrikes in Yemen. In March 2019, this led the US senate to pass a resolution to end US support of Saudi Arabia. It was vetoed by President of the United States Donald Trump, and in May, the Senate failed to override the veto.


Scott Bailey (bishop)

The Right Reverend Scott Field Bailey was the 6th diocesan bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of West Texas, a district of the Episcopal Church consisting of part of Texas, from 1977 to 1987. He was born on October 7, 1916, in Houston, Texas and died in San Antonio, Texas on April 9, 2005.

 

Scott Bailey (actor)

Scott Michael Bailey (born December 16, 1978) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Sandy Foster on the CBS soap opera "Guiding Light" and as Roman Martin on the MyNetworkTV limited-run serial "Saints & Sinners". He has acted in movies including Bank Roll, and Timeless.

Rocketdyne F-1

The Rocketdyne F-1 was the rocket engine used on Saturn V. Although it had some problems during test, it never failed in flight. It was first flown in Apollo 4. It was also planned to use on following rockets:


Stephen Thorne

Stephen Thorne (2 March 1935 – 26 May 2019) was a British actor. He largely worked in radio, appearing in over 2000 BBC broadcasts. He is well-known for his roles as villains Omega, Azal and Eldrad in "Doctor Who". He acted in other TV series including "Z-Cars", "Crossroads" and "Last of the Summer Wine". He recorded over 300 audiobooks including children's stories. He was born in London and trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).

Thorne died on 26 May 2019, at the age of 84.

Jean Burns

Jean Ethel Burns (December 1919 – 25 May 2019) was an Australian aviatrix. She was the first Australian woman to parachute from an aeroplane over Australia. She also held the title of being the youngest female pilot in Australia for 15 years, between 1937 and 1952. She was born in the inner Melbourne, Victoria suburb of Brunswick East.

Burns died on 25 May 2019, at the age of 99.

Vittorio Zucconi

Vittorio Guido Zucconi (16 August 1944 – 26 May 2019) was an Italian journalist and author. He was also a naturalized U.S. citizen. He was director of the online edition of the newspaper "la Repubblica". He also served as the U.S. correspondent for the same newspaper. He also reported for the newspapers "Corriere della Sera" and "La Stampa". He was awarded the America Award of the Italy–USA Foundation in 2015. 

Zucconi was born in the Emilia-Romagnan "comune" of Bastiglia, Province of Modena. He was married and had two children. He lived in Washington, D.C. until his death.

Zucconi died on 26 May 2019 in Washington, D.C., at the age of 74.

Charles C. Pattillo

Charles Curtis "Buck" Pattillo (June 3, 1924 – May 20, 2019) was an American Air Force lieutenant general. He was deputy commander in chief, U.S. Readiness Command and vice director of the Joint Deployment Agency with headquarters at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. In 1953, he helped organize and then flew left wing for the U.S. Air Force demonstration team, the "Thunderbirds". He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. His twin brother was Cuthbert A. Pattillo.

Pattillo died on May 20, 2019, at the age of 94.

Abdel Latif El Zein

Abdel Latif El Zein (‎; 23 November 1932 – 26 May 2019) was a Lebanese politician. He served as a member of the Lebanese Parliament from 1960 to 2018. He was also the national Minister of Agriculture. He was born in Kfar Remen.

Zein died on 26 May 2019, at the age of 86.

Golden (Kylie Minogue album)

Golden is the fourteenth studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was released worldwide on 6 April 2018 by BMG Rights Management. Most of the album was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee and spawned six singles. Minogue described the album as one of her most personal efforts, writing songs about topics like failed relationships, death and having fun.

Credits taken from album notes.

KylieFever2002

KylieFever2002 was the seventh concert tour by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. The tour was created to promote her eighth studio album, "Fever" (2001). It began in Cardiff, Wales on 26 April 2002 and ended on 16 August 2002 in Melbourne, Australia.

At the time, KylieFever2002 was the biggest tour Minogue had created. The album and its music videos were able to provide and inspire multiple stage sets and costume changes. It also had a much larger budget than past tours, due to the success of the album and its singles.

The tour was sponsored by Evian, a brand of mineral water, and Vodafone, a mobile phone network operator. At each of the shows in the United Kingdom, Evian provided free bottles of their water with the name 'Kylie' written on them.

A special webcast of a show at the Manchester Evening News Arena was shown on MSN UK live for fans across the world.

Act 1: Silvanemesis


Act 2: Droogie Nights


Act 3: The Crying Game


Act 4: Street Style


Act 5: Sex in Venice


Act 6: Cybertronica


Act 7: Voodoo Inferno


Encore


Anand Panyarachun

Anand Panyarachun (, , ; born 9 August 1932) is a Thai politician. He was the Prime Minister between 1991–1992 and again during the latter half of 1992.


Suchinda Kraprayoon

Suchinda Kraprayoon (; , born 6 August 1933) is a Thai politician. He was the Prime Minister of Thailand from 7 April 1992 until 24 May 1992.

Chavalit Yongchaiyudh

Chavalit Yongchaiyudh (, , ; born 15 May 1932), also known as "Big Jiew" (, , ), is a Thai politician and retired army officer. In 1990 he founded the New Aspiration Party which he led until 2002. He was Thailand's 22nd Prime Minister of Thailand from 1996 to 1997.

Umar Ghalib

Umar Arteh Ghalib or Omer Carte Qalib (, ) (1930 – 18 November 2020) was a Somali politician. He was Prime Minister of Somalia from January 24, 1991 to May 1993. 

Ghalib died on 18 November 2020 at the age of 90.

Anthony Graziano

Anthony A. Graziano (November 12, 1940 – May 25, 2019) was an American mobster and consigliere. He worked in the Bonanno crime family. In 1990, Graziano pleaded guilty to federal tax evasion. He had failed to pay $100,000 to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). 

In September 2002, Graziano was indicted on federal racketeering and extortion charges, bookmaking, and murder based on recorded conversations with his son-in-law and Hector Pagan Graziano, Jr. and conspiracy to commit murder.

On July 18, 2003, Graziano was sentenced to 11 years in prison on the Florida charges. On November 13, 2003, Graziano was sentenced to nine years in prison on the New York charges. He was suffering from diabetes and bladder cancer.

Graziano died on May 25, 2019 at the age of 78.

Dmytro Kremin

Dmytro Dmytrovych Kremin (; August 21, 1953 – May 25, 2019) was a Ukrainian poet, journalist, translator and scholar. Kremin won the Taras Shevchenko National Literary Prize in 1999. He was known for his book of poems called "Pectoral". He was born in Irshava district of Transcarpathia (Zakarpattia region), Ukraine.

Kremin died on May 25, 2019 in Mykolaiv, Ukraine at the age of 65.

Mira Zakai

Mira Zakai (‎; 21 September 1942 – 20 May 2019) was an Israeli opera singer. She was a contralto. She was born in Jerusalem. She worked with Yehudi Menuhin. She appeared with Menuhin at a concert in Castel Gandolfo for Pope John Paul II. Before this, she appeared in Menuhin's festival as a soloist in Bach's "Mass in B minor". Her recording of Mahler's Symphony No. 2 with Georg Solti won the Grammy Award for Best Overall Classical Recording in 1982. She studied at the University of Tel Aviv, where she later served as a professor.

On 20 May 2019, Zakai died of problems caused by a stroke she had a year before. She was 76.

Ibrahim Lame

Ibrahim Yakubu Lame (10 February 1953 – 25 May 2019) was a Nigerian educator and politician. He served in the Senate from 1992 to 1993. He was made Minister of Police Affairs by President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua in 2008, serving until 2010. He was born in Bauchi State.

Lame died on 26 May 2019 in Abuja, at the age of 66.

Hampton, Victoria

Hampton is a suburb in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, . At the 2011 Census, Hampton had a population of 12,482.


Andrew Peacock

Andrew Sharp Peacock AC GCL (13 February 1939 – 16 April 2021) was an Australian politician and diplomat. He was leader of the Liberal Party (1983–1985 and 1989–1990). During his leadership, the party lost in the 1984 and 1990 elections. 

When John Howard became Prime Minister, he made Peacock the Australian Ambassador to the United States.

Peacock died at his Austin, Texas home on 16 April 2021, aged 82.

Siamodon

Siamodon is an iguanodontian dinosaur found in the Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.

Bill Blair

Bill Blair may refer to:


Bill Blair (racing driver)

Bill Blair (July 14, 1911 in High Point, North Carolina, US – November 2, 1995) was an American stock car racing driver in the 1940's and the 1950's, and he was one of the pioneers of NASCAR.

Blair won three NASCAR Strictly Stock/Grand National races:


Blair, Jimmie Lewallen, and Fred Harb are the subject of the independent movie "Red Dirt Rising", which is based on the book "Red Dirt Tracks: The Forgotten Heroes of Early Stockcar Racing" by Gail Cauble Gurley.


Trivor

Trivor is a mountain in the Karakoram range, in Pakistan. It is the 39th highest mountain in the world. The first people to reach the top were Jack Sadler and Wilfrid Noyce, in 1960.

Waterhole

A waterhole or water hole is a depression in the ground in which water can collect.

Waterhole or water hole may also refer to:


The Water Hole

The Water Hole is a 1928 American Western film directed by F. Richard Jones starring Jack Holt, Nancy Carroll, and John Boles It was based on a novel by Zane Grey and released by Paramount Pictures. The film had sequences filmed in Technicolor, and it was shot during July in Death Valley, California. No copies of "The Water Hole" are known to exist, suggesting that it is a lost film.



Chumbawamba

Chumbawamba were a British alternative rock group. They were formed in 1982. They stopped in 2012. The band constantly changed their musical style. They music genres included punk rock, pop and folk.

The band were known for the 1997–98 hit song "Tubthumping". That was nominated for the Best British Single at the 1998 Brit Awards. 

Between 31 October and 3 November 2012, Chumbawamba played their last three shows.


Veeru Devgan

Veeru Devgan (25 June 1934 — 27 May 2019) was an Indian stunt and action choreographer and movie director. He was active in helping create fight and action scenes in over 80 Hindi movies, including "Inkaar" (1977). He directed the action movie "Hindustan Ki Kasam" (1999). He was born in Amritsar, Punjab.

Devgan died of a cardiac arrest on 27 May 2019 in Mumbai. He was 85.

Margaret-Ann Armour

Margaret-Ann Armour (September 6, 1939 – May 25, 2019) was a Scottish-born Canadian chemist. She is best known for her work in creating guidelines for hazardous laboratory waste disposal. She was also a voice for women in science. She founded the Women in Scholarship, Engineering, Science and Technology (WISEST) program. She was a professor at the University of Alberta. She was named a member of the Order of Canada in 2006, and a Canada 150 ambassador in 2017. She was born in Glasgow.

Armour died on May 25, 2019, at the age of 79.

Tsilkani

Tsilkani () is a big village in Mtskheta, Georgia. There is public school in the village.

Alan Murray (golfer)

Alan Albert Murray (17 June 1940 – 24 May 2019) was an Australian professional golfer. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He played golf around the world and won 76 tournaments. Notable wins by Murray include the 1962 French Open, the 1961 Australian PGA Championship and the 1967 Australian Wills Masters. He was the 1961 Australian PGA Order of Merit winner. He finished tied for 19th in the 1964 Open Championship. He represented Australia at the 1967 World Cup in Mexico City.

Murray died of skin cancer in Perth, Western Australia on 24 May 2019. He was 78.

Gianfranco Bozzao

Gianfranco Bozzao (3 August 1936 – 24 May 2019) was an Italian footballer. He played as a defender.

Bozzoa was born in Venice. He played for Fiorentina, Salernitana, Arezzo, SPAL, Juventus and Piacenza during the 1950s and 1960s. He died in Ferrara in 2019, at the age of 82.

Harry Hood (footballer)

Henry Anthony Hood (3 October 1944 – 26 May 2019) was a Scottish football player and manager. He played as a forward.

Hood was born in Glasgow. During the 1960s and 1970s, he played for Clyde, Celtic, Motherwell
and Queen of the South in Scotland, Sunderland in England and San Antonio Thunder
in the United States. He won over ten domestic honours with Celtic. He later managed Albion Rovers and Queen of the South during the early 1980s.

Hood died on 26 May 2019, at the age of 74.

Thembinkosi Mbamba

Thembinkosi Khumo Mbamba (9 September 1995 – 25 May 2019) was a South African professional footballer. He played as a forward.

Mbamba played for TS Galaxy of the National First Division. He won the 2018–19 Nedbank Cup with TS Galaxy on 18 May 2019. On 25 May 2019, a week after winning the final, he died in a car accident in Duduza, Gauteng.

American Bar Association

The American Bar Association (ABA), founded August 21, 1878, is a federal American association for lawyers who practice law in the United States. It is also the accrediting body for all law schools in the United States. It is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.

Bill Buckner

William Joseph Buckner (December 14, 1949 – May 27, 2019) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a first baseman in Major League Baseball (MLB) between 1969 and 1990. During his career, he played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Chicago Cubs, Boston Red Sox, California Angels and Kansas City Royals. He won a batting title in 1980. He also represented the Cubs at the All-Star Game in 1981.

Buckner famously made an error fielding a ground ball in the tenth inning when playing for the Red Sox that ended Game 6 of the 1986 World Series against the New York Mets. The moment has since become a very famous event in baseball history.

Buckner was born in Vallejo, California. He was married to Jody and had three children.

Buckner died of Lewy body dementia on May 27, 2019 in Boise, Idaho. He was 69.

Gangkhar Puensum

Gangkhar Puensum is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in Bhutan and Tibet. It is the 40th highest mountain in the world. It is also known as Kangkar Pünzum. The name means "White Peak of the Three Spiritual Brothers". No one has ever made it to the top of Gangkhar Puensum. It is the highest unclimbed mountain in the world.

Details about the mountain have not always been correct. It was first measured in 1922, but not all maps showed the same height. There was also confusion on the location of the mountain. Some maps showed it in different places than others. Due to this confusion, the first team to try to climb it wasn’t even able to find it at all. The present listed height and location are from China, as Bhutan has not surveyed the mountain.

A few people have tried to climb the mountain in the past, but none succeeded. In 1994, Bhutan made a law that no one could climb above . Then in 2003, they banned all climbing. As long as the ban is in place, it is unlikely that anyone will reach the top from the Bhutan side. While it may be possible to start the climb in Tibet, China has not allowed it. Tibet is an autonomous region of the People's Republic of China (PRC). This is a political decision due to issues in the border region between China and Bhutan. There is a border dispute between the two countries.

Gabriel Diniz

José Gabriel de Souza Diniz (18 October 1990 – 27 May 2019), better known as Gabriel Diniz, was a Brazilian singer and guitarist. He became known nationally in Brazil following his hit single "Jenifer", released in 2018. He released three studio albums, the first coming in 2016. He worked with Wesley Safadão on the 2017 single "Acabou Acabou". He was born in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso do Sul.

On 27 May 2019, Diniz was killed in a plane crash in Estância, Sergipe.

Contour integral

In complex analysis, contour integration is a way to calculate an integral around a contour on the complex plane. In other words, it is a way of integrating along the complex plane.

More specifically, given a complex-valued function formula_1 and a contour formula_2, the contour integral of formula_1 along formula_2 is written as formula_5 or formula_6.

For a standard contour integral, we can evaluate it by using the residue theorem. This theorem states that 

formula_7

where formula_8 is the residue of the function formula_9, formula_2 is the contour located on the complex plane. Here, formula_9 is the integrand of the function, or part of the integral to be integrated.

The following examples illustrate how contour integrals can be calculated using the residue theorem.

To solve multivariable contour integrals (contour integrals on functions of several variables), such as surface integrals, complex volume integrals and higher order integrals, we must use the divergence theorem. For right now, let formula_14 be interchangeable with formula_15. These will both serve as the divergence of the vector field written as formula_16. This theorem states that:

formula_17

In addition, we also need to evaluate formula_18, where formula_19 is an alternate notation of formula_20. The divergence of any dimension can be described as

The following examples illustrate the use of divergence theorem in the calculation of multivariate contour integrals.

Let the vector field formula_22 be bounded by the following conditions

The corresponding double contour integral would be set up as such:

We now evaluate formula_24 by setting up the corresponding triple integral:

From this, we can now evaluate the integral as follows:

formula_26
Given the vector field formula_27 and formula_28 being the fourth dimension. Let this vector field be bounded by the following:

To evaluate this, we use the divergence theorem as stated before, and evaluate formula_24 afterwards. Let formula_31, then:

From this, we now can evaluate the integral:

Thus, we can evaluate a contour integral of the fourth dimension.


Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold

Eric David Harris (April 9, 1981 – April 20, 1999) and Dylan Bennet Klebold (September 11, 1981 – April 20, 1999) were an American mass murder duo. On April 20, 1999, the pair killed 13 and wounded 24 others at the high school they both attended in Columbine, Colorado. Both Harris and Klebold also killed themselves in school's library. The event became known as the Columbine High School massacre. The school shooting and attempted bombing has gained a lot of notoriety. Harris and Klebold have been described as cultural icons and had a large impact on popular culture. The duo have been referenced in many different types of media.

Harris was born in Wichita, Kansas. His father was a U.S. Air Force transport pilot. He moved with his family to Littleton, Colorado in 1993. Klebold was born in Lakewood, Colorado. The pair met in middle school and became close friends. Both have been said to have different personalities and be targets of bullying. Harris was described as being more outgoing and charismatic. Klebold has been described as being more quiet and shy.

Harris and Klebold both worked at a local pizza chain. In 1998, they broke into a van and stole equipment. They were charged with mischief, breaking and entering, trespassing and theft. At the time of the massacre, Harris was 18 and Klebold was 17.


Aharon Razin

Aharon Razin (Hebrew: אהרון רזין) (April 6, 1935 – May 27, 2019) was an Israeli biochemist. He was born in Tel Aviv. He won the Israel Prize in 2004 and the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 2008.

Razin's works focused on the metabolism of nucleic acids and the biochemical faults in patients with gout.

Razin died on May 27, 2019 in Jerusalem at the age of 84.

John Pinto

John Pinto (December 15, 1924 – May 24, 2019) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the New Mexico Senate from 1977 until his death in 2019. He was the longest-serving member in the Senate. Pinto represented the 3rd District.

Pinto was born in Lupton, Arizona, in the Navajo Nation. He was in the United States Marine Corps during World War II and was a Navajo code talker. Pinto died in Gallup, New Mexico, on May 24, 2019 at the age of 94.

Lupton, Arizona

Lupton () is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Apache County, Arizona, United States. Lupton is near Interstate 40 at the New Mexico border. It is southwest of Gallup, New Mexico. As of the 2020 census, the Lupton CDP had a population of 19.

Edmund Morris (writer)

Arthur Edmund Morris (May 27, 1940 – May 24, 2019) was a Kenyan-born British-American writer. He was born in Nairobi, Kenya. Morris was best known for his biographies of United States Presidents Theodore Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan. 

Morris's first book, "The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt", was the first volume of what would eventually become a trilogy on the life of the 26th president and won the 1980 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography and the 1980 National Book Award for biography.

In 1981, Ronald Reagan became President of the United States and was impressed by a reading of "The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt". In 1985, Reagan made Morris his official biographer. In 1999, Morris published "". 

He was a travel journalist and wrote for "The New Yorker", "The New York Times", and "Harper's Magazine". 

Morris died on May 24, 2019 in Kent, Connecticut from a stroke at the age of 78.

Khoo Kay Kim

Khoo Kay Kim (; 28 March 1937 – 28 May 2019) was a Malaysian historian. He was born in Kampar, Perak to a family of Chinese heritage. He was an emeritus professor in the history department of the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur. He was one of the co-authors of "Rukunegara". In January 2011, Khoo was named Chancellor of KDU University College.

Khoo died of respiratory failure on 28 May 2019 in Petaling Jaya, Selangor. He was 82.

Aurèle Joliat

Aurèle Émile "Mighty Atom, Little Giant" Joliat (August 29, 1901 – June 2, 1986) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens.

Nana Saheb Peshwa II

Nana Saheb (19 May 1824 – 24 September 1859), born as Dhondu Pant, was an Indian Peshwa of the Maratha empire. An aristocrat and fighter, he led the rebellion in Cawnpore (Kanpur) during the 1857 uprising. 

As the adopted son of the exiled Maratha Peshwa Baji Rao II, Nana Sahib believed that he should get a pension from the English East India Company, but he didnt get one and joined the mutiny. 

Nana Sahib won the confidence of Charles Hillersdon, the Collector of Kanpur. It was planned that Nana Sahib would assemble a force of 1,500 soldiers to support the British, in case the rebellion spread to Cawnpore.

On 6 June 1857, at the time of the rebellion by forces of the East India Company at Cawnpore, the British contingent had taken refuge at an entrenchment in the northern part of the town. Amid the prevailing chaos in Cawnpore, Nana and his forces entered the British magazine in the northern part of the town. However, once he entered the magazine, Nana Sahib announced that he was a participant in the rebellion against the Company, and intended to be a vassal of Bahadur Shah II.

After taking possession of the Company treasury, Nana advanced up the Grand Trunk Road stating that he wanted to restore the Maratha confederacy under the Peshwa tradition, and decided to capture Cawnpore. On his way, Nana met the rebel Company soldiers at Kalyanpur. The soldiers were on their way to Delhi, to meet Bahadur Shah II. Nana wanted them to go back to Cawnpore, and help him defeat the British. The soldiers were reluctant at first, but decided to join Nana when he promised to double their pay and reward them with gold, if they were to destroy the British entrenchment.

He later disappeared, after his forces were defeated by a British force that recaptured Cawnpore. He went to the Nepal Hills where he probably died on 24 September 1859.

Apolo Nsibambi

Apolo Robin Nsibambi (25 October 1940 – 28 May 2019) was a Ugandan academic and politician. He served as the 8th Prime Minister of Uganda from 5 April 1999 until 24 May 2011. He was a member of the National Resistance Movement. Before becoming Prime Minister, he served as Minister of Public Service (1996–1998) and Minister of Education and Sports (1998–1999). He was also the chancellor of Makerere University from 2003 to 2007.

Nsibambi died on 28 May 2019 of cancer at the age of 78.

Tony Horwitz

Anthony Lander Horwitz (June 9, 1958 – May 27, 2019) was an American journalist and author. He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1995. His books include "One for the Road: a Hitchhiker's Outback" (1987), "Baghdad Without a Map" (1991), "Confederates in the Attic" (1998), "Blue Latitudes" (also known as "Into the Blue") (2002), "A Voyage Long and Strange: Rediscovering the New World" (2008) and "Midnight Rising: John Brown and the Raid That Sparked the Civil War" (2011). In 1994, he won the James Aronson Award. In 1995, he won the Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting for stories about conditions of low-income workers in the US, published in "The Wall Street Journal". He also wrote for "The New Yorker" and "The New York Times".

Horwitz was born in Washington, D.C. to a Jewish family. He married Australian writer Geraldine Brooks in 1984. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2006 for her novel, "March" (2005). The couple had two children.

Horwitz died on May 27, 2019 in Washington, D.C., at the age of 60.

Nicolae Pescaru

Nicolae Pescaru (27 March 1943 – 25 May 2019) was a Romanian football player and manager. He played as a midfielder.

Pescaru was born in Breaza, Prahova County. He played for Steagul Roşu Braşov between 1962 and 1981, making over 300 league appearances. He played four times for Romania national football team. He played for his country at the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He later had two stints as the manager of Steagul Roşu Braşov from 1981 to 1982, and from 1993 to 1994.

Pescaru died on 25 May 2019, at the age of 76.



Manuel Pazos

Manuel Pazos González (17 March 1930 – 24 May 2019) was a Spanish professional footballer. He played a goalkeeper.

Pazos was born in Cambados, Galicia. His career spanned between 1951 and 1969. During his career, he played for Celta Vigo, Real Madrid, Hércules, Atlético Madrid and Elche.

Pazos died on 24 May 2019, at the age of 89.

Zlatko Škorić

Zlatko Škorić (27 July 1941 – 23 May 2019) was a Croatian footballer. He played a goalkeeper.

Škorić was born in Zagreb. He played professionally between 1960 and 1976 for many clubs, including Dinamo Zagreb, Stuttgart, Bayern Munich and Zagreb. He also played eight games for Yugoslavia. He played for the Yugoslav team at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Škorić died on 23 May 2019 in Zagreb, at the age of 78.

