Blister agent

A blister agent, or vesicant, is a chemical compound that causes severe pain on the skin, in the eyes, and in the mucus membranes. They can cause severe chemical burns, which then cause painful water blisters, on both the outside and the inside of the body. (This is why these chemicals are called "blister agents.") Throughout history, blister agents have been used for chemical warfare.

Some blister agents are used to treat medical problems - for example, to remove warts. However, they must be used very carefully. If a person accidentally gets even a little bit of the chemical in their mouth, they can die.

There are three major types of blister agents.

Mustard agents are also called "sulfur mustards" or "mustard gas." They are a group of blister agents that have sulfur in them. When they are mixed with other chemicals to be used in chemical warfare, mustard agents are a yellowish-brown color, and smell like mustard plants. This is why they got the name "mustard agents."

Throughout history, many different types and mixtures of sulfur mustards have been used. Mustard agents were first used as a chemical weapon by the German Army during World War I. More recently, in September 2015, the United States said that the terrorist group The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was making and using sulfur mustard in Syria and Iraq.

Nitrogen mustards are similar to sulfur mustards, but they have nitrogen in them instead of sulfur. While some countries stockpiled (gathered a lot of) nitrogen mustards during World War II, nitrogen mustards have never been used as chemical weapons. In fact, today, they are mainly used to treat medical problems. A few nitrogen mustards are too poisonous to be used for anything but chemical weapons. But many others are used as chemotherapy medications to treat cancer.

Lewisite was first created in 1904. The United States experimented with using lewisite as a chemical weapon in the 1920s and during World War II. However, lewisite did not work well because it smelled like geraniums (a type of flower) and made people's eyes water. Enemy soldiers would smell the chemical and realize their eyes were watering, and would put on gas masks to protect themselves.

In the 1940s, British scientists made an antidote to lewisite, called dimercaprol (or "British anti-Lewisite"). After this, lewisite was no longer as useful as other blister agents, and countries stopped using it.

Blister agents can cause many different symptoms. These symptoms are very painful, and can kill a person. Symptoms include: 

All blister agents easily enter the body through the eyes, lungs, and skin. 

Lewisite causes symptoms right away. However, mustard agents do not. When they are breathed in, symptoms usually do not appear for 4 to 6 hours. When mustard agents get on the skin, symptoms can take 2 to 48 hours to appear.

Zina

Zināʾ (زِنَاء) or zina (زِنًى or زِنًا) is an Islamic law concerning unlawful sexual relations between male and female who are not married to one another through a "nikah". It includes extramarital sex and premarital sex. It also includes adultery (consensual sexual relations outside marriage). Zina covers fornication (consensual sexual intercourse between two unmarried persons), and homosexuality (consensual sexual relations between same-sex partners).

In the four schools of Sunni fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence), and the two schools of Shi'a fiqh, the term zināʾ is a sin of sexual intercourse that is not allowed by Sharia (Islamic law) and classed as a hudud crime (class of Islamic punishments that are fixed for certain crimes that are considered to be "claims of God"). To prove an act of zina, a qadi (religious judge) in a sharia court relies on an unmarried woman's pregnancy, the confession in the name of Allah, or four witnesses to the actual act of penetration. The last two types of prosecutions are uncommon. Most cases of zina in the history of Islam have been pregnant unmarried women. In some schools of Islamic law, a pregnant woman accused of zina who denies sex was consensual must prove she was raped with four eyewitnesses testifying before the court. This has led to many cases where rape victims have been punished for zina. Pressing charges of zina without required eyewitnesses is considered slander (Qadhf, القذف) in Islam, itself a hudud crime.

The above sense of "zina" is not to be confused with the woman's name "Zina" or "Zeina" (زينة). The name has a different linguistic root (Greek "xen"-). It also has a different meaning ("guest, stranger"), is pronounced differently (either Zīnah or Zaynah), and is usually spelled differently.

École polytechnique

École Polytechnique (EP or "l'X") is a engineering graduate school in France.. It is in a campus of Palaiseau (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed in French and English languages. Students from a lot of nationalities participate to the different curricula at École Polytechnique.



Farmington

Farmington may refer to: 

in Canada:

in the United Kingdom:

in the United States (by state):

Ada County, Idaho

Ada County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, 494,967 people lived in the county. That was more than any other county in Idaho. The county seat and largest city is Boise. Boise is also the state capital.



Hidden Springs, Idaho

Hidden Springs is a census-designated place in Ada County, Idaho, United States. Its population was 3,076 in the 2020 census.

Buddy Cianci

Vincent Albert "Buddy" Cianci, Jr. (, ; , ; April 30, 1941 – January 28, 2016,) was an American lawyer, convicted felon, conservative radio talk show host, politician and political commentator.

He served as the mayor of Providence, Rhode Island from 1975 to 1984 and again from 1991 to 2002. Cianci was the longest-serving mayor of Providence, and one of the longest-serving "big city" mayors in United States history, having held office for over 21 years.

Cianci died of colon cancer in Providence, Rhode Island on January 28, 2016 at the age of 74.


Carlos Loyzaga

Carlos Matute Loyzaga (August 29, 1930 – January 27, 2016) was a Filipino basketball player and coach. He was born in Manila, Philippine Islands.

He was the most dominant basketball player of his era in the Philippines. He was called the greatest Filipino basketball player of all time. Loyzaga was a two-time Olympian (1952, 1956), as a member of the Philippines men's national basketball team.

Loyzaga died on January 27, 2016 in San Juan, Metro Manila from complications of a stroke at the age of 85.


PhinDeli Town Buford, Wyoming

PhinDeli Town Buford, originally known as Buford, is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. In 2013, it had only 1 resident.


Harmony, Wyoming

Harmony is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. It is located about southwest of Laramie. Harmony Elementary School is a part of Albany County School District #1. Older students attend school in Laramie.

Garrett, Wyoming

Garrett is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States.

Wellesley, Massachusetts

Wellesley is a town in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.

Paul Kantner

Paul Lorin Kantner (March 17, 1941 – January 28, 2016) was an American guitarist, vocalist, and political activist. He was known for co-founding Jefferson Airplane, a psychedelic rock band of the 1960s and its more commercial spin-off band Jefferson Starship. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Kantner died from multiple organ failure and septic shock caused by a heart attack in San Francisco, California on January 28, 2016. He was 74.


Dmitry Shirkov

Dmitry Vasil'evich Shirkov (; 3 March 1928 – 23 January 2016) was a Russian theoretical physicist. He was known for his works to quantum field theory and to the development of the renormalization group method. He used to work at Lund University in Sweden. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Shirkov died at his home in Dubna, Russia from a heart attack on 23 January 2016 at the age of 87.


Middle Passage

The Middle Passage the part of the Atlantic slave trade where African slaves were brought to the Americas on slave ships. Millions of African people were shipped to the Americas over the Middle Passage.

Enslaved people were treated so badly on the slave ships that about 15% of them died during the Middle Passage. Even more were killed before they left Africa, when slave traders were trying to kidnap them and force them onto the slave ships. Historians think that up to two million African people died during the Middle Passage. However, somewhere between 9.4 million and 12 million African people survived the Middle Passage, and arrived in the Americas as slaves.

The transatlantic trade of African people had three different parts. Because of this, it was called "the triangular trade." The Middle Passage got its name because it was the middle part of the triangular trade. The three parts of the Atlantic slave trade were:

(1) Europe to Africa
(3) The Americas to Europe

After the kidnapped, enslaved African people were usually forcibly marched to forts along the coast of western Africa. There they were sold to European and American human traffickers. They might have to wait in these forts, which were like prions, for months slave ships arrived.

Enslaved people were then packed onto the slave ships. Often, they were packed together as closely as possible. (The famous drawing on the right shows how closely enslaved people were packed together on some slave ships.) Enslaved men were often chained together at the ankles. Sometimes, slaves were allowed to move around during the day, but many ships kept enslaved people chained up for the entire trip.

Sailing through the Middle Passage could take anywhere from one to six months, depending on the weather. Over time, human trafficking ships got better at making the trip more quickly. In the early 16th century, the average trip took a few months. However, by the 19th century, many slave ships crossed the Middle Passage in fewer than six weeks.

The Enslaved people were treated barbarically and wickedly during the Middle Passage. Slaves were not seen as human. They were thought of as "cargo" or "goods" - commodities rather than innocent people - to be bought and sold, and not respected and cared about, they would be ignored until slavery was abolished 

Enslaved people were starved during the Middle Passage. At "best", the enslavers fed enslaved people beans, corn, yams, rice, and palm oil. However, enslaved African people were not always fed every day. If there was not enough food for the sailors (human traffickers) and the slaves, the enslavers would eat first, and the enslaved might not get any food. On some slave ships, slaves who looked sick were not given any food. Many enslaved people died from starvation and dehydration (not having enough water) during the Middle Passage.

The enslaved peoples' living conditions on the slave ships were horrific. Diseases spread very quickly because the enslaved people were so crowded together, and because there was no sanitation. The most common diseases were dysentery, scurvy, smallpox, syphilis, and measles. Many enslaved African people were killed by disease during the Middle Passage. On longer trips, even more enslaved people died, because there was less food and water (this made dysentery and scurvy more common). Also, many slaves became too depressed to eat.

Slaves were often tortured as punishment if they did not follow the human traffickers' orders or if they seemed disobedient in any way. For example, enslaved people who were too depressed or sick to eat might be beaten or whipped. The worst forms of torture were for enslaved people who tried to rebel (fight back). For example, one slave ship captain punished an enslaved person who tried to rebel, by murdering him; then he forced two other slaves to eat his heart and liver.

Enslaved women and enslaved children were often raped or sexually abused by the sailors.

Many different people participated in the Middle Passage and the triangular trade. 

The countries that controlled most of the slave trade were European and Asian countries that were very powerful at the time. These countries included:


Slave traders in North America, Brazil, and the Caribbean also took part in the slave trade.

Different countries were more powerful in the slave trade at different times. For example, for two hundred years, from 1440–1640, Portugal controlled most of the slave trade. However, over time, the balance of power in Europe changed. By the 18th century, the British Empire was much more powerful. During the 18th century, when 6 million Africans were brought over the Middle Passage, British slavers carried almost 2.5 million of them.

Most of the African slaves came from eight different areas:

The slave trade was very profitable for slave traders. By the late 18th century, a strong male slave could be sold for about $600 to $1500 (which is about $9,000 to $15,000 in United States dollars today). Because of this, kidnapping people in Africa and selling them into slavery became more and more popular. Historians think that African warlords, kings, and private kidnappers - Europeans, Americans, and Africans alike - all participated in kidnapping people into slavery.



Jorma Kaukonen

Jorma Ludwik Kaukonen, Jr. (born December 23, 1940) is an American blues, folk and rock guitarist. He is best known for his work with Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna. "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked him #54 on its list of 100 Greatest Guitarists.

Kaukonen was born in Washington, D.C.. He moved to San Francisco, California in the 1960s and studied at Santa Clara University.


Jack Casady

John William "Jack" Casady (born April 13, 1944) is an American musician. He is called one of the popular bass guitarists of the rock music era. He is best known as a member of Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He became the bass player for Jefferson Airplane with lead guitarist Jorma Kaukonen and Paul Kantner.


Sciences Po

Sciences Po or Institut d'études politiques de Paris is a special university in France. The school is in Paris. It was created in 1872.

It is a specialist in the fields of economics, administration, social sciences and politics.




Work (Rihanna song)

"Work" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is from her eighth studio album, "Anti". The song features Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on January 27, 2016. It was the most heard song for its first day on the over 1,200 stations monitored by Nielsen music. A few hours after its release, it was sent to digital outlets such as iTunes and Google Play Music. Rihanna announced via Twitter that "Work" was the lead single for "Anti". In June 2017, the song was certified sextuple-Platinum in the US for sales and streams equal to six million copies.

The song was nominated for Record of the Year and for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017.

The song reached number one on the iTunes charts of over 70 countries. "Work" debuted at number 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, which made her one of the artists with the fifth-most top-ten singles in "Billboard" history (with 27 top-ten songs), along with singer-songwriters Mariah Carey, Janet Jackson, and Elton John. In addition, the song also managed to enter the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number one. "Work" reached number two in the UK, number five in Australia, and topped the charts in Canada. The song became Rihanna's 14th and Drake's second number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Rihanna became the artist with the third-most number-one songs in Hot 100 history and the second-most for a female artist. She passed Michael Jackson's record of 13 number-ones and is behind Mariah Carey's 18 chart-toppers and The Beatles' 20 number-one songs. "Work" was the third longest-running number-one song of 2016, with nine weeks at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 (The Chainsmokers' "Closer" featuring Halsey has spent 12 weeks at number one, and Drake's "One Dance" has spent ten weeks at the top). The song was later replaced at number one by rapper Desiigner's first single, "Panda".

"Work" is about a relationship that has turned bad and using work as a distraction from the relationship. It is a reggae-pop and dancehall song.

The music video was released on February 22, 2016, two days after Rihanna's 28th birthday. It first appeared on the streaming service Tidal and was later uploaded to YouTube/Vevo. The first half of the video contains scenes of a club and shows Rihanna performing Caribbean dance moves with short hair. The second half is a different version of the video, which contains a couch and neon signs, while Rihanna, wearing much longer hair, sings to Drake, and is wearing a sheer shirt. Drake is present in both versions of the video.

Rover

Rover or rovers may refer to: 1878-2005




Slave ship

Slave ships were large cargo ships specially converted for the purpose of taking slaves, especially newly captured African slaves to the Americas. Living conditions for slaves on these ships was awful. Men, women and children were crowded into every possible space, leaving no room to move or even breathe. There was little food and the smell could not be described. Between 1526 and 1867 about 12.5 million slaves were sent by slave ships from Africa to the Americas. But only about 10.7 million slaves actually arrived. Of all human migrations it caused the most human deaths. The average time to sail across the Atlantic was 60 to 90 days. Sometimes the trips took up to four months.

Ship captains were under orders by slavers to deliver only saleable slaves. Starving, sick or troublesome slaves were often thrown overboard into the ocean to drown. Sometimes Africans were kept on deck chained together with long chains. There were times when they would jump overboard, taking every other chained slave with them, to avoid their unknown fate. Many ships kept extra crew members on deck to prevent this from happening. At other times crew members would throw slaves overboard as a warning to other slaves. If the ship was running out of food or water, all the slaves would be killed to save the crew from starving.

Slave ships could at times get insurance on their cargos of slaves. But insurance would not pay if the slavers starved the slaves or they got sick. Insurance paid out if the slaves drowned, but not if they were severely starved to death. In 1781 the slave ship "Zong" was hauling 470 slaves—more than the ship could handle. Many began to get sick. By the time the ship reached the Doldrums, a mid-Atlantic region that at times had no wind, several of the crew had died from the spreading diseases. To save themselves, the remaining crew threw 132 dying and sick slaves into the ocean. Another 10 slaves jumped with them. When they tried to collect the insurance the Insurance underwriter denied the claim. In 1782 in a court in Jamaica, ruled for the owners. The insurance company appealed the decision. This brought a good deal of public attention. It began to be called the "Zong" massacre. No member of the crew or the owners were ever charged with murder. 

About 15% to 20% of the ships leaving Africa never arrived in the Americas. In thousands of cases the crews were overtaken by captured slaves, some of them warriors. Often the crew was killed and the Africans managed to sail back to Africa. In other cases the ships were lost at sea.

Some of the documented slave ship revolts are:







Gooding County, Idaho

Gooding County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. In the 2020 census, the population was 15,598. Its county seat is Gooding. It is named for Frank R. Gooding, an early 20th Century governor and United States Senator from Idaho.


 

Lost River, Idaho

Lost River is a city in Custer County, Idaho, United States. It had 42 residents at the 2020 census.

Lost River is located at (43.721785, -113.544931).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . of it is land and is water.

Its named after the Big Lost River.

Getúlio Vargas

Getúlio Dornelles Vargas (; 19 April 1882 – 24 August 1954) was President of Brazil. He was the dictator from 1930 to 1945. His first 15-year long rule is known as the Vargas Era. Then he was elected President in 1951 and served until 1954. Vargas led Brazil for 18 years, the longest of any President. He was second in Brazilian history only to Emperor Pedro II among heads of state. He favored nationalism, industrialization, centralization, social welfare and populism. Vargas won the nickname "The Father of the Poor". He was a supporter of workers rights and was very much an anti-communist. He committed suicide by shooting himself with a gun, after he was forced by the Brazilian military to resign from the Presidency.

In 2014, sixty years after his death, the movie "Getúlio" which depicts the events that ended with his suicide, was made.

Custer County, Idaho

Custer County is a county in U.S. state of Idaho. In the 2020 census, the population was 4,249. The county seat is Challis.





Bosler, Wyoming

Bosler is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States, along the Laramie River. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 30 and 287 north of Laramie. Its elevation is 7,080 feet (2,158 m). Although Bosler is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82051.

Gordon Goody

Gordon Goody (11 March 1929 – 29 January 2016) was a British criminal and small businessman. He was born in London, England. Goody was known for playing a role in the Great Train Robbery in 1963 that was lead by Bruce Reynolds.Goody was sentenced to 30 years in jail, but was released in 1975. A year after his release, he moved to Spain were he opened a small business as a bar owner.

Goody died at his home in Mojácar, Spain from a heart attack on 29 January 2016 at the age of 86.


List of municipalities in Wyoming

There are 99 incorporated municipalities in the state of Wyoming.


List of census-designated places in Wyoming

This page lists census-designated places (CDPs) in the U.S. state of Wyoming. At the 2010 census, there were 104 census-designated places in Wyoming.

Twenty-one of Wyoming's twenty-three counties contain census-designated places.








Powell, Wyoming

Powell is a city in Park County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 6,314 at the 2010 census.

Albany, Wyoming

Albany is a census-designated place (CDP) in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. Its population was 55 at the 2010 census.

Centennial, Wyoming

Centennial is a census-designated place (CDP) in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 270 at the 2010 census.

Ellis, Idaho

Ellis is an unincorporated community in Custer County, Idaho, United States. It is located on U.S. Route 93 northeast of Challis. Ellis has a post office with ZIP code 83235.

Lander, Pennsylvania

Lander is a unincorporated community in Farmington Township in Warren County, Pennsylvania. 

Farmington, Ohio

Farmington is an unincorporated community in Belmont County, Ohio, United States.

Farmington was laid out in 1818. A former variant name of Farmington was Cope. A post office called Cope was established in 1874, and operated until 1895.

Hershey, Pennsylvania

Hershey is a census-designated place (CDP) in Derry Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States. Hershey's chocolates are made in Hershey, which was founded by candy magnate Milton S. Hershey.

The community is located east of Harrisburg and is part of the Harrisburg−Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 13,858 at the 2020 census.

Lovell, Ohio

Lovell is an unincorporated community in Wyandot County, Ohio.

Lovell was founded in the 1870s soon when the railroad was extended to that point. A post office was established at Lovell in 1877, and operated until 1909. The community was named for its founder, Lovell B. Harris.

Agnès Varda

Agnès Varda (30 May 1928 – 29 March 2019) was a French movie director and producer, screenwriter, editor, actress, artist, photographer. She was also a professor at the European Graduate School.

Her movies, photographs, and artworks focused on realism, feminist issues, and social commentary with a distinct experimental style. Movie historians have cited Varda's work as central to the development of the French New Wave movie movement. She was known for her works "Cleo de 5 a 7", "La Pointe Courte", and "Vagabond".

Varda was born in Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium to French parents. She studied at École des Beaux-Arts. Varda was married to Jacques Demy from 1962 until his death in 1990. They had one daughter, Rosalie.

Varda died of cancer on 29 March 2019 in Paris, at the age of 90.



U.S. News &amp; World Report

U.S. News & World Report is an American media company that publishes news, opinions, consumer advice, rankings, and analysis. It was founded as a weekly news magazine in 1933. Since 2010, it mainly publishes its content on the internet. U.S. News is best known today for its influential rankings of colleges and hospitals. It has expanded its content on education, health, money, careers, travel, and cars.

The editorial staff of U.S. News & World Report is based in Washington, D.C. Brian Kelly has been the chief content editor since April 2007. The company is owned by Mortimer Zuckerman.


Richard Sugarman

Richard Sugarman (born July 12, 1944) is an American academic and political advisor. He is a Professor of Religion and Philosophy at the University of Vermont. He has been called a "world-renowned expert on the Lithuanian-born philosopher Emmanuel Levinas." He is a political advisor to presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on his 2016 presidential campaign.

He studied philosophy at Yale and Boston University.

Sugarman is of Jewish descent. He is an Orthodox Jew and also a Zionist.


Huck Gutman

Huck Gutman (born about 1944) is an American academic and political advisor. He is a Professor of English at the University of Vermont. He was the Chief of Staff to U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. He co-wrote Sanders' political memoir, "Outsider in the White House".


Outsider in the White House

Outsider in the White House is a political memoir written by Huck Gutman and Bernie Sanders. It was first published as "Outsider in the House" in 1997. It was republished in 2015, when Sanders ran for President of the United States. The book contains an afterword by journalist John Nichols. 

The book talks about Sanders's support for the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution. This law gives United States citizens the right to own guns. 

John Roper, Baron Roper

John Francis Hodgess Roper, Baron Roper (10 September 1935 – 29 January 2016) was a British politician.

Roper was elected Member of Parliament for Farnworth in 1970. He sat as a Labour Co-operative MP from 1970 to 1981, and for the Social Democratic Party (SDP) from 1981 to 1983, when he was also the party's Chief Whip. His Farnworth seat was then abolished, and he contested the seat of Worsley at the 1983 general election. He finished third in a three-way marginal election.

On 12 May 2000, he was created a life peer as Baron Roper, of Thorney Island in the City of Westminster. He was the Liberal Democrat Chief Whip in the House of Lords until 2005. He was then appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. In 2008, he was elected Principal Deputy Chairman of Committees. He retired from the House of Lords on 23 May 2015.

Roper died on 29 January 2016 after a long illness. He was aged 80.


Aleš Debeljak

Aleš Debeljak (25 December 1961 – 28 January 2016) was a Slovenian cultural critic, poet, and essayist. He was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia, Yugoslavia. From the mid-1980s onwards, Debeljak took an active part in civil society movements. He was one of the co-editors of popular journal "Nova revija".

Debeljak was killed in a car crash on 28 January 2016. He was aged 54.


Augusto Giomo

Augusto Giomo (3 February 1940 – 27 January 2016) was an Italian basketball player. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. He finished in fourth and fifth place. His younger brother Giorgio played for Italy at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Treviso.

Giomo died in Treviso, from cancer, on 27 January 2016. He was aged 75.

Paul Terasaki

Paul Ichiro Terasaki (September 10, 1929 – January 25, 2016) was an American scientist. He worked in the field of human organ transplant technology. He was the Professor Emeritus of Surgery at UCLA School of Medicine. Terasaki was born in Los Angeles, California. 

In 1964, Terasaki developed the microcytotoxicity test. This is a tissue-typing test for organ transplant donors and recipients. It required only 1 microliter of antisera used to identify human leukocyte antigens (HLA).

Terasaki died on January 25, 2016 after a long illness in Beverly Hills, California. He was aged 86.


Słopnice

Słopnice is a village in southern Poland. It is located in Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słopnice. It is located about west of Limanowa and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.

Michel Legrand

Michel Legrand (24 February 1932 – 26 January 2019) was a French musical composer, arranger, conductor, and pianist. He was born Courbevoie, in present-day France.

Legrand was a well-known composer. He has written over 200 movie and television scores, as well as many memorable songs. 

He was best known for his movie music, such as "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg" (1964) and "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968). "The Thomas Crown Affair" featured the song "The Windmills of Your Mind". Legrand won his first Academy Award for this song. He would win another Academy Award in 1971 for "Summer of '42".

Legrand died suddenly from sepsis after suffering from a lung infection in Paris on 26 January 2019 at the age of 86.

Legrand stated composers like Stan Kenton, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Oscar Peterson, Bill Evans, Gil Evans, Django Reinhardt, Nat King Cole, Art Tatum, Dizzy Gillespie, Erroll Garner, Thelonious Monk, Bud Powell, Dave Brubeck, Earl Hines and Teddy Wilson as influences.


Pressurized heavy-water reactor

A pressurized heavy-water reactor (PHWR) is a nuclear reactor developed by Canada. It commonly uses uranium as its fuel. It uses heavy water (deuterium oxide DO) as its coolant and neutron moderator. The heavy water coolant is kept under pressure. This allows it to be heated to higher temperatures without boiling. While heavy water is a lot more expensive than ordinary water, it creates greatly enhanced neutron economy. This allows the reactor to operate without fuel-enrichment facilities (offsetting the additional expense of the heavy water).


List of presidents of the Marshall Islands

The following is a list of presidents of the Marshall Islands, since the creation of that office in 1979. 

Whirlpool galaxy

The Whirlpool galaxy, is also known as Messier 51a, M51a, or NGC 5194. It is a large galaxy with well-defined spiral arms, with a smaller companion galaxy. They have been through a collision, and are still interacting.

The Whirlpool was the first galaxy to be classified as a spiral galaxy. Different methods put its distance as between 15 to 35 million light-years. Recently it was estimated to be 23 ± 4 million light-years from the Milky Way. Messier 51 is one of the best known galaxies in the sky.

Its spiral arms are so impressive and well-defined that it is called a "grand design" spiral galaxy. It has an active galactic nucleus, no doubt fuelled by a massive black hole.

The galaxy and its companion, NGC 5195, are easily seen by amateur astronomers, in the constellation Canes Venatici. The two galaxies can be seen with binoculars. The Whirlpool galaxy is also a popular target for professional astronomers. They study its galaxy structure (particularly the spiral arms) and galaxy interactions.

Museo del Prado

The Museo del Prado is a museum established on 19 November 1819, located in Madrid. It is one of the biggest and most important museums in the world. Its collection includes works of European artists, from the 12th to the 19th century. It was founded as a museum for paintings and sculptures, but also contains other types of works of art. The collections include many works of Francisco de Goya, Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Titian and Peter Paul Rubens and Hieronymus Bosch. In 2012, about 2.8 million people visited the museum. Some of the most famous paintings in the museum include: Las Meninas, The Garden of Earthly Delights, The Third of May 1808, and La Maja Desnuda. The architects that constructed the museum are Rafael Moneo and Juan de Villanueva.

Mathematical optimization

In many branches of science, including mathematics, mathematical optimization is a branch that is about finding a right set of answers that gives the best (optimal) solution to a problem, given some limitations, or criteria. In the simplest case, this means that a function needs to be minimized or maximized. 
For example, consider a baker with a set amount of flour, sugar, yeast, etc. They also are given five hours to prepare. Time and ingredients are the constraints, or criteria. The baker is tasked with providing the largest volume of food to feed a hungry crowd. Maximizing the number of servings is the optimization function. 
Many problems are much harder, though, and solving them analytically is not feasible: in these cases, numerical methods are often used. This often is a result of when the decisions that need to be made involve whole numbers. A baker can usually make half of a recipe, but consider a rancher trying to determine how many cattle and sheep to graze. Limitations may include amount of land available or money to purchase the animals. The optimization function is to maximize profit. If they could purchase a fraction of a cow or sheep, then the problem is pretty easy to solve. However, since one can only buy whole sheep or cows, the problem becomes very difficult to solve perfectly, so the best one can do is sometimes to get a "best guess" using numerical methods with the help of a computer.
The first step is usually to take the derivative of the initial function. From here maxima or minima can be found within a domain by simply finding the critical points. These include domain (x) values where the differentiated function equals 0 or does not exist. Simply finding critical points is not enough to determine maxima or minima. The final step to determining a maximum, minimum, or neither can be one of two methods.

(1) X values lesser and lesser than the critical point must be substituted into the differentiated function to determine if the values change sign. If they go from negative to positive, the critical point is a minimum. If they go from positive to negative, the critical point is a maximum. If neither occurs, the point is neither. This is known as the first derivative test.

(2) The derivative of the differentiated function can be taken, creating a second-order derivative. The critical point must be substituted into the second derivative. If the output is positive, the critical point is a minimum. If the output is negative, the critical point is a maximum. This is known as the second derivative test.
The application of optimization span many fields. A simple example is attempting to find the smallest possible difference in the distance of two objects in two-dimensional space (x and y). In this context, the derivative of the function that gives the difference is taken in order to find the minimum. A more complicated example is in Machine Learning, in which the optimization function attempts to find the global minimum of the loss function in order to minimize the difference or loss between the algorithm’s predictions and the actual values. This example is more difficult as Machine learning algorithms often utilize multidimensional data usually in the form of tensors yielding more complicated functions.
Today, there are many tools to support optimization studies:

Arab slave trade

The Arab slave trade, was a slave trade in which slaves were mainly transported across the Sahara. Most were moved from sub-Saharan Africa to North Africa to be sold to Mediterranean and Middle Eastern civilizations; a small percentage went the other direction. Estimates of the total number of black slaves moved from sub-Saharan Africa to the Arab world range from 6-10 million, and the trans-Saharan trade routes conveyed a significant number of this total, with one estimate tallying around 7.2 million slaves crossing the Sahara from the mid-7th century until the 20th century when it was abolished. The Arabs managed and operated the trans-Saharan slave trade, although Berbers were also actively involved and also traded. Alongside Black Africans, Turks, Iranians, Europeans and Berbers were among the people traded by the Arabs, with the trade being practised throughout the Arab world, primarily in Western Asia, North Africa, East Africa, and Europe.

One of the oldest slave trades in history was the Arab trade of Zanj (Bantu) slaves in Southeast Africa. This trade began 700 years before the European Atlantic slave trade. Men taken as slaves were often used as servants, soldiers, or workers. Women and children were mainly used as servants and concubines. 

Most male slaves were castrated. It is estimated that as many as 6 out of every 10 boys bled to death during this process. Even so, castrating slaves was worthwhile because eunuchs sold for high prices. Over time, the Arab slave trade shifted to concentrate more on women and young girls for sexual purposes. This was different than the later Atlantic slave trade, which concentrated on enslaving men for labor.

During the Arab slave trade, 
Europeans were among those traded by the Arabs. The term "Saqaliba" (Arabic: صقالبة) was often used in medieval Arabic sources to refer specifically to Slavic slaves traded by the Arab traders, but it could also refer more broadly to Central, Southern, and Eastern Europeans who were also traded by the Arabs, as well as all European slaves in some Muslim regions like Spain including those abducted from military raids on Christian kingdoms of Spain. During the era of the Fatimid Caliphate (909–1171), the majority of slaves were Europeans taken along European beaches and during conflicts.

In Mauritania slavery was abolished legally in 1980. But Muslim Berbers still own an estimated 90,000 African slaves. This is despite the fact that African Mauritanians converted to Islam over a hundred years ago and the Qur’an does not allow Muslims to enslave other Muslims. Slaves are used for farm labor, concubines and domestic servants. The children remain the property of their masters. They can be bought, sold, or exchanged for trucks, camels or guns. 

Slavery in Sudan is active again with the Muslim north waging war against Animists and Christians in the south. In these raids almost all slaves are taken from the tribes in the Nuba Mountains. Government sponsored Arab militias often kill the men and enslave women and children. Those taken slaves are forced to convert to Islam. Those that refuse are put to death. The trafficking in women and children in Western and Southern Africa violates the 1948 UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights.


John King Jr.

John B. King Jr. (born January 5, 1975) is an American politician. He was the Secretary of Education at the U.S. Department of Education from 2016 to 2017. Before, he served as its Acting Deputy Secretary, and from 2011 to 2014 he was the New York State Education Commissioner. 

The former Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, was given the job of putting into effect the No Child Left Behind Act. However, King is required to put into effect the law that replaces that law, the Every Student Succeeds Act.

In April 2021, King announced that he would be running for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maryland in the 2022 election. He lost the Democratic nomination in July 2022.

Sally Jewell

Sarah Margaret Roffey Jewell (born February 21, 1956) is a British-born American businesswoman. She is the 51st United States Secretary of the Interior. She served in the government of President Barack Obama from April 2013 to 2017. She is the second woman to hold the position, after Gale Norton.

Antennae galaxies

The Antennae galaxies (NGC 4038/NGC 4039) are two colliding galaxies. They are in the constellation Corvus. The process takes hundreds of millions of years, maybe even a billion years.

The collision, with its clouds of gas, dust and magnetic fields, causes extremely rapid star formation. This is their starburst phase, and might last a few hundred million years. They were discovered by William Herschel in 1785.

They are in the NGC 4038 group with five other galaxies. Before The Collision, NGC 4038 was a barred spiral galaxy and NGC 4039 was a spiral galaxy. These two galaxies are known as the Antennae galaxies because they have two long tails of stars, gas and dust ejected from the galaxies as a result of tidal force in the collision that look like an insect’s antennae. The nuclei of the two galaxies are joining to become one giant galaxy, sometime in the future to form an Elliptical galaxy.
These interacting galaxies are nearer and less remote to the Milky Way than previously thought—at 45 million light-years instead of 65 million light-years.

Yisroel Belsky

Chaim Yisroel Belsky (August 22, 1938 – January 28, 2016) was an American rabbi and posek of Orthodox and Haredi Judaism. He was one of the roshei yeshivas at Yeshiva Torah Vodaas, and rabbi of the summer camp network run by Agudath Israel of America. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Belsky was criticized by other rabbis for his repeated defense of sexual abusers. Some have claimed that he intimidated victims of abuse. Belsky has publicly stated that victims should not report their rape to the police.

Belsky was taken to hospital on January 22, 2016 in Brooklyn. He had a "serious illness". He died eight days later on January 30, at the age of 77.

Jean-Marie Doré

Jean-Marie Doré (12 June 1938 – 29 January 2016) was a Guinean politician. He was the Prime Minister of Guinea from January 2010 until December 2010.

Doré was the President of the Union for the Progress of Guinea (UPG). He was opposition leader for years before being chosen to lead a transitional government that was in place during the preparation and conduct of the 2010 presidential election.
Doré died in Conakry on 29 January 2016, at the age of 77.

T. N. Gopakumar

T. N. Gopakumar (1957 – 30 January 2016) was an Indian writer, movie director and journalist. He was the news editor in chief of Asianet News. Gopakumar was also the producer and anchorperson of the popular weekly programme "Kannadi" on Asianet.

Gopakumar died of cancer in a private hospital in Thiruvananthapuram on 30 January 2016. He was aged 58.

Georgia Davis Powers

Georgia Montgomery Davis Powers (October 19, 1923 – January 30, 2016) was an American politician and civil rights activist. She served for 21 years as a member of the state Senate of Kentucky. When elected in 1967, she became the first non-White person and the first woman elected to the Kentucky Senate. She was born in Springfield, Kentucky.

Powers died of congestive heart failure in Louisville, Kentucky on January 30, 2016. She was aged 92.

Jean Paul Gaultier

Jean Paul Gaultier (; born 24 April 1952) is a French haute couture fashion designer. He created his own ready-to-wear brand in 1976. His first couture fashion show was in 1997. From 1993 to 1997, Trademark co-hosted "Eurotrash" with Antoine de Caunes on Channel 4 (UK). 

He was the creative director of Hermès from 2003 to 2010. Gaultier ended his ready-to-wear line in 2014 in order to focus on haute couture and his perfume range.

<br>

Piers Corbyn

Piers Richard Corbyn (born 10 March 1947) is a British businessman and conspiracy theorist. He was born in Chippenham. He is the owner of the business WeatherAction which makes weather forecasts. It claims to make accurate forecasts up to a year in advance. He is the older brother of former Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn.

Jeremy Corbyn: Accidental Hero

Jeremy Corbyn: Accidental Hero is a book by British writer W. Stephen Gilbert. It was published in 2015 by Eyewear Publishing.

The book is an analysis of the rise of long-serving MP Jeremy Corbyn to the leadership of the Labour Party. The book talks about Corbyn's life and career and future as Labour leader. It received positive reviews.

2015 Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party leadership campaign

In 2015, Jeremy Corbyn, the Member of Parliament for Islington North, stood as a candidate in the British Labour Party leadership election. His campaign that would eventually result in his becoming the leader of the Labour Party.

His campaign was announced in an article for the "Islington Tribune" on 3 June 2015. Corbyn promised support for the anti-austerity movement and because he wanted to "give Labour Party members a voice" in the debate.

He was originally seen as an "outsider" in the leadership race. This means that, though he was a member of the Labour Party, he was not someone people expected to be leader. Bookmakers had his odds of winning at 200-to-1. However, following a series of televised and radio debates with the other three candidates – Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall – Corbyn went on to gain the support of six of the fourteen trade unions affiliated with the Labour Party. This included the UK's two largest trade unions, Unite and UNISON. He received the highest number of supporting nominations from Constituency Labour Parties, winning over 100 by the end of July.

Many politicians, unions and celebrities supported Corbyn such as Ken Livingstone, Emma Thompson, Russell Brand, Daniel Radcliffe, Joseph Stiglitz, Bernie Sanders and Michael Meacher.

To become a candidate in the party's election, 35 nominations from Labour MPs are needed. Commentators in the media widely predicted that Corbyn would struggle to get this many. However, he managed at a very late stage, to secure enough support, with 36 nominations in total. Around 12 of the MPs who nominated him actually supported other candidates, but "lent" him their support in order to widen the contest. Corbyn was reported to say: "We had two minutes to spare, it was easy."

On September 12, 2015, at a special conference held in the Queen Elizabeth Conference Centre, Corbyn was announced to have been elected Leader of the Labour Party. He won 59.5% of first-preference votes.


Leader of the Labour Party (UK)

The Leader of the Labour Party is the leading politician within the Labour Party in the United Kingdom. Since 4 April 2020, Keir Starmer is leader. He represents the constituency of Holborn and St Pancras.

The post of Leader of the Labour Party was officially created in 1922. Before this time, between when Labour MPs were first elected in 1906 and the election in 1922, when substantial gains were made, the post was known as Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party.

A list of leaders (including acting leaders) since 1906.

Islington North (UK Parliament constituency)

Islington North is a constituency in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. The seat has been held since 1983 by Jeremy Corbyn of the Labour Party. Corbyn was Leader of the Labour Party and the Leader of the Opposition from September 2015 to April 2020.

At , it is the smallest UK Parliamentary constituency.

Tom Watson (Labour politician)

Thomas Anthony Watson (born 8 January 1967) is a British Labour Party politician. He was elected as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party in September 2015. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for West Bromwich East from 2001 through 2019. He was Minister for Digital Engagement and the Civil Service at the Cabinet Office from 2008 to 2009.

On 6 November 2019 Watson announced that he would be standing down both as an MP and as Deputy Leader, and leave office on 12 December 2019, stating that his reasons for standing down were "personal, not political."

University of North London

The University of North London was a university in London, England, from 1992 to 2002. It was merged with London Guildhall University to form London Metropolitan University. Its former campus are now the university's north campus, on Holloway Road and Highbury Grove, Islington. In 1996, the university celebrated its centenary year.


Michael O'Halloran (British politician)

Michael Joseph O'Halloran (20 August 1933 – 29 November 1999) was a British politician. He was a member of the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Party.

He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington North in a by-election in 1969 after the death of MP Gerry Reynolds. He was secretary of the Constituency Labour Party. O'Halloran was among the Labour MPs who moved to the new Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 1981. 

In 1983, the SDP chose John Grant, the MP for Islington Central (which was being abolished in boundary changes), to be its candidate in Islington North. O'Halloran left the SDP to stand as an independent Labour candidate in the 1983 general election. The official Labour candidate Jeremy Corbyn won while O'Halloran came in fourth with 11% of the vote. Grant came third with 22% of the vote.

He retired to County Wexford. He died on 29 November 1999 from a heart attack at the age of 66.


Union representative

A union representative, union steward or shop steward is an employee of an organization or company who represents and defends the interests of her/his fellow employees but who also works for a trades union. 

Ordinary members of the union are elected to this position by fellow workers or sometimes by appointment of a higher union body. While working as a representative, they keep their role as an employee of the company. 

As a result, the union steward becomes an important link and source of information between the union leadership and ordinary workers.

Plainfield

Plainfield is the name of several places 



Torrington

Torrington may refer to:

In Australia:

In Canada:

In the United Kingdom:

In the United States of America:


Constituency Labour Party

A constituency Labour Party (CLP) is an organisation of members of the British Labour Party who live in a particular UK parliamentary constituency in England, Scotland and Wales. The Labour Party in Northern Ireland has, since February 2009, been organised as a single constituency.

For much of the Labour Party's history, especially during the 1980s, CLPs were perceived as the more left wing faction in the Labour Party. The unions were said to be a more moderate or pragmatic force.

Lost River

Lost River may refer to:

In Canada:
In the United States:


Whip (politics)

A whip is a person in a political party whose job is to make sure the party's members vote with the party. This happens in a legislature. Whips are a party's "enforcers", who talk to each member of the party to make sure that they vote according to the official party policy.

A whip must also make sure that the elected representatives of their party are in attendance when important votes are taken. The usage comes from the hunting term "whipping in", which means to stop hounds from wandering away from the pack. 

Lost River, Kentucky

Lost River is an unincorporated community in Warren County, Kentucky, United States.

New Labour

New Labour refers to a period in the history of the British Labour Party. This period was from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s, under leaders Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. The name dates from a conference slogan first used by the party in 1994. This slogan was later seen in a draft manifesto published in 1996, called "New Labour, New Life For Britain". It was presented as the brand of a newly reformed party that had changed Clause IV and supported market economics.

Bridgeport

Bridgeport may refer to:

In Canada:

In the United States:

Bridgeport, New Jersey

Bridgeport is an unincorporated community in Logan Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08014.

Anti-austerity movement

The anti-austerity movement refers to the mobilization of street protests and grassroots campaigns that has happened across many countries, especially in Europe, since the onset of the worldwide Great Recession. 

Anti-austerity actions are different and ongoing. They continue as of the present day. The global Occupy movement has arguably been the most noticeable physical enactment of anti-austerity and populist sentiment.

United Kingdom government austerity programme

The United Kingdom government deficit reduction programme is a series of reductions in public spending, intended to reduce the government budget deficit and the welfare state in the United Kingdom. However, the NHS and education were "ringfenced" and protected from spending cuts.

The programme was created in 2010 by the Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition government. Its original stated goal was to, "achieve cyclically-adjusted current balance by the end of the rolling, five-year forecast period." At the June 2010 budget, the end of the forecast period was 2015–16. However, in 2014 the Treasury extended the proposed austerity period until at least 2018.

Anti-war movement

An anti-war movement (also "antiwar") is a social movement, usually against to a nation's decision to start or continue a war. It does not matter whether the nation has a just cause for war.

The term can also refer to pacifism, which is the opposition to all use of military force during conflicts. Many activists distinguish between anti-war movements and peace movements. Anti-war activists work through protest and other peaceful means to attempt to pressure a government (or governments) to put an end to a particular war or conflict.



Non-interventionism

Non-interventionism or non-intervention is a foreign policy that holds a country should avoid all wars unless it is defending itself from attack. It promotes neutrality and discourages alliances with other nations, but still encourages diplomacy.

The original, more formal definition is that non-interventionism is a policy of not interfering in the affairs of another country without its permission.


Cayetano Paderanga Jr.

Cayetano Paderanga Jr. (October 9, 1948 – January 29, 2016) was a Filipino economist. He was Director-General of the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA), an agency of the government of the Philippines responsible for economic development and planning. He held this position twice, from 1990 to 1992 and from 2010 to 2012.

In his first term, Paderanga served under President Corazon Aquino. He was a member of the Monetary Board of the Central Bank of the Philippines from 1993 to 1999. He was also executive director for the Philippines in the Asian Development Bank (ADB) from 2001 to 2003.

Paderanga died in Taguig City, Philippines, from complications after heart surgery, on January 29, 2016. He was aged 67.


Unilateral disarmament

Unilateral disarmament is a policy option where a single country disarms or renounces weapons without expecting other nations or rivals to also renounce their use of weapons. It was most commonly used in the twentieth century in the context of "unilateral nuclear disarmament", a recurrent mission of peace movements in countries such as the United States and the United Kingdom.

Nations do not often choose to dismantle their entire military capability. Unilateral disarmament is usually sought in one technical competency, such as weapons of mass destruction. Non-violent political movements from that of Mahatma Gandhi to the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament have recommended unilateral disarmament as a step toward world peace.

Nuclear disarmament

Nuclear disarmament talks about the act of reducing or eliminating nuclear weapons and to the end state of a nuclear-weapon-free world, in which nuclear weapons are completely eliminated.

Nuclear disarmament groups include the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, Peace Action, Greenpeace, International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, Mayors for Peace, Global Zero, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2017), and the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation. 

There have been many large anti-nuclear demonstrations and protests. On June 12, 1982, one million people demonstrated in New York City's Central Park against nuclear weapons and for an end to the cold war arms race. It was the largest anti-nuclear protest and the largest political demonstration in American history.

In recent years, some U.S. elder statesmen have also advocated nuclear disarmament. Sam Nunn, William Perry, Henry Kissinger, and George Shultz have called upon governments to embrace the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons, and in various op-ed columns have proposed an ambitious program of urgent steps to that end. The four have created the Nuclear Security Project to advance this agenda. Organisations such as Global Zero, an international non-partisan group of 300 world leaders dedicated to achieving nuclear disarmament, have also been established.


Insubordination

Insubordination is when people do not obey an authority. In the military, for example, insubordination is when a serviceman or servicewoman disobeys the orders of a higher-ranking officer.

In civil life, a person may refuse to obey a law or order that he or she thinks is wrong. This is called civil disobedience.

Socialist Campaign Group

The Socialist Campaign Group is a left-wing, democratic socialist group of Labour Party Members of Parliament in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. It was formed in December 1982 as an alternative Parliamentary left-wing group to the Tribune Group. The Campaign Group, as it's commonly known, is often considered on the hard left of the Labour Party and has been very critical of New Labour.

Palestine Solidarity Campaign

The Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC) is an activist organisation in England and Wales. It supports the Palestinian people. It was founded in 1982 during the build-up to Israel's invasion of Lebanon. It was incorporated in the UK in 2004 as Palestine Solidarity Campaign Ltd.

Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament

The Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) is an organisation that supports nuclear disarmament by the United Kingdom. It also supports disarmament by other countries and stricter weapons rules through international agreements such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. It opposes military action that may result in the use of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. It also opposes the building of nuclear power stations in the UK.

Abjad

An injamam is an alphabet in which all of the letters are consonants. Even though vowels can be added in some abjads, they are not needed to write a word correctly. Abjad are commonly written from right to left, rather than left to right, like in other writing systems. Well-known examples of abjads are the English alphabet and the Hebrew alphabet.

Abjads are the first writing systems that were made to show only a word's pronunciation, instead of its meaning, unlike ideographs or ideograms, and were created before full alphabets like the Greek alphabet, which have letters for both consonants and vowels.

The earliest known abjad in the world is the Phoenician alphabet. Since in Afro-Asiatic languages, the root meaning of a word is found in its consonants, abjads are widely used in those languages. There are also languages without consonant roots that use abjads, such as Persian and Urdu, both of which use the Arabic alphabet.

Stop the War Coalition

The Stop the War Coalition (StWC; informally Stop the War) is a British group created on 21 September 2001, shortly after the September 11 attacks. It was created to campaign against what it believes are unjust wars.

The group has campaigned against the wars that are part of the "War on Terror" of the United States and its allies. It has campaigned against the war in Afghanistan and the Iraq War. The demonstration against the Iraq War on 15 February 2003 was organised with Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) and the Muslim Association of Britain (MAB). It is claimed to be the largest public demonstration in British history.

"Stop the War" has been accused of supporting Bashar al-Assad in Syria, and the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014.

Frank Finlay

Francis Finlay, CBE (6 August 1926 – 30 January 2016) was an English stage, movie and television actor. Finlay was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Iago in the 1965 movie version of William Shakespeare's "Othello". He was also known for his role as Jacob Marley in the 1984 movie "A Christmas Carol". He won a BAFTA Award in 1974.

Finlay died on 30 January 2016 at his home in Weybridge, Surrey. He died from heart failure after suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 89.

Kington St Michael

Kington St Michael is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is located about north of Chippenham. It is about west of the A350 which links Chippenham with junction 17 of the M4 motorway; the village is about southwest of the junction. 


Pave Lane

Pave Lane is a hamlet in Shropshire, England. It is in the borough of Telford and Wrekin. It is located south of Newport, near the border with Staffordshire. The hamlet is in a very rural area. It has excellent views of the Shropshire countryside. Pave Lane is near the former estate, Lilleshall Hall. 

Pave Lane was located on a toll road between Newport and Wolverhampton. Because of this, the area had many inns and coach houses. The road later became the A41.

Castle House School

Castle House School is a preparatory day school for boys and girls in England. It was first established in 1944, at Chetwynd End, Newport, Shropshire. The school is owned and operated by the Castle House School Trust Ltd, a registered charity, by up to twelve governors of the Trust.

Newport, Shropshire

Newport is a market town and civil parish in the county of Shropshire in England. It is in the borough of Telford and Wrekin, near to the border with Staffordshire. It is around 6 miles (10 kilometres) north of Telford and around 12 miles (19 km) west of Stafford, Staffordshire's county town.

In 2011, a census revealed that the parish's population was 11,387 people.

The town has won seven Britain in Bloom gold medals, more than any other town in Great Britain.

Newport town centre has a lot of old buildings and architecture. The main street has a Norman design with a very wide High Street. 

Adams' Grammar School

Adams' Grammar School (often abbreviated as AGS) is a selective boys' grammar school in England. It is located in Newport, Shropshire.

It was founded in 1656 by William Adams, a wealthy member of the Worshipful Company of Haberdashers (one of the Great Twelve Livery Companies of the City of London). It is now one of the country's best-performing schools. It was rated by the Ofsted as a Grade 1 outstanding school.

Chiune Sugihara

Sugihara was born in Yaotsu, Gifu. He was first married to Klaudia Semionovna Apollonova until their divorce in 1935. He was later married to Yukiko Sugihara. They had four sons.

Sugihara died on 31 July 1986 at a hospital in Kamakura. He was 86.


Ramón Castro Jijón

Admiral Ramón Castro Jijón (15 November 1915 – 1 November 1984) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was the President of Ecuador from 11 July 1963 to 29 March 1966. He was appointed commander of the Ecuadorian Navy by Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy. He later overthrew Arosemena in a military coup. For his entire term as President he was chairman of a military junta.


Union organizer

A union organizer (or union organiser) is a type of trade union official. In most unions, the organizer's role is to hire groups of workers under the organizing model. In other unions, the organizer's role is largely that of servicing members and enforcing work rules, similar to the role of a shop steward. In some unions, organizers may also take on industrial/legal roles such as making representations before Fair Work Australia, tribunals, or courts.

In North America, a union organizer is a union representative who "organizes" or unionizes non-union companies or work sites. Organizers are mainly there to help non-union workers in forming groups of locals, usually by leading them in their efforts.

A union organizer is either elected or appointed. Most unions appoint rather than elect their organizers.


Hebei

Hebei (Hanzi: 河北 ; pinyin: Héběi) is a province in China that wraps around the cities of Beijing and Tianjin, two of China's four "municipalities". The name Hebei means "North of the (Yellow) River" in Chinese. It was formed in 1928 after the central government dissolved Chihli province. The old name, Chihli or Zhili, which means "directly administered" referred to its status under the Qing dynasty. Hebei province borders Liaoning province on the northeast. On the north it borders Inner Mongolia. To the west it borders Shanxi province. It borders the provinces of Henan to the south and Shandong to the southwest. Shijiazhuang is the capital of the province.

The abbreviated name of Hebei is Ji (冀), since there is another province that also has the syllable "He" (河) in it, Henan (河南). Due to Hebei completely surrounding Beijing and Tianjin, the municipalities of Beijing and Tianjin and the province of Hebei are often lumped together and called Jingjinji, with the "Jing" being Beijing, the "Jin" being Tianjin, and the "Ji" being the abbreviation of Hebei.


Drakensberg

Drakensberg (derived from Afrikaans Drakensberge, literally: Dragon mountains) is the highest mountain range in Southern Africa. The highest peak is in Lesotho, where they are called Maloti. The drakensberg are also known for their many waterfalls, and cave paintings done by the San people.UKhahlamba-Drakensberg Park, which was created in 2000, is an UNESCO World Heritage Site which covers part of the range. 

Moodle

Moodle is a free and open-source learning management system written in PHP and distributed under the GNU General Public License. It was designed for education as online learning space.

The name "moodle" stands for "Module Object Oriented Dynamic Learning Environment".

It was developed by Martin Dougiamas.

Moodle has continued to evolve since 1999 (since 2001 with the current architecture). It has been translated into over 100 different languages and is accessible in many countries worldwide. Institutions can add as many Moodle servers as needed without having to pay license fees. The Open University of the UK currently uses a Moodle installation for their 200,000 users while the UK government uses a Moodle installation for their Civil Service Learning platform serving half a million employees.

Thomas Bibb

Thomas Bibb (May 8, 1783 – September 20, 1839) was the second Governor of Alabama. He was born in Amelia County, Virginia in 1783. Bibb was president of the Alabama Senate when his brother, Governor William Wyatt Bibb, died in office on July 10, 1820. The new state constitution specified the president of the senate was next in line as governor. So he took over the rest of his brother's term of office. Bibb served as acting Governor from July 25, 1820 to November 25, 1821. He decided not to run for the governorship again. Bibb was elected to the Alabama House of Representatives in 1828 and 1829. He was the director of the Huntsville branch of the Alabama State Bank. Bibb was married to Parmelia Thompson.

Deaths in February 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.

































Francisco Flores Pérez

Francisco Guillermo Flores (October 17, 1959 – January 30, 2016) was a Salvadoran politician. He served as President of El Salvador serving from 1999 to 2004 as a member of the conservative Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA) replacing Armando Calderón Sol. He was born in Santa Ana, El Salvador. At the time of his death, Flores was being investigated for corruption charges.

Flores died on January 30, 2016, at the age of 56. He died in a hospital in San Salvador from a Cerebral hemorrhage after having surgery to treat it.


Councillor

A councillor is a member of a local government council. In the United Kingdom all local authorities are overseen by elected councillors. In England, Wales and Northern Ireland, most larger borough, unitary authority or county councils pay their councillors basic allowances and pay for their expenses.

Councilmember, councilman, councilwoman, councilor, or councillor is a title for a member of a council used in the United States.


District health authority

A district health authority was a division of the National Health Service in England and Wales. It was introduced by the National Health Service Reorganisation Act 1973. It was created in 1974 and disestablished in 1996. There were 205 when they were established in 1974, but some were later merged. In 1979 there were 199.

The district health authority worked alongside a Family Health Services Authority, which was responsible for managing primary care services such as general practice, pharmacy and dentistry. The districts were reorganised on a number of occasions in the 1990s. In 1996 new single-tier health authorities replaced districts and areas and the regions were again reorganised. In 2002, Health Authorities were replaced by Primary Care Trusts.

National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers

The National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers (NUTGW) was a trades union in the United Kingdom. The union was founded as the Tailors and Garment Workers' Union (T&GWU) in 1920. In 1932, it was joined by the Amalgamated Society of Tailors and Tailoresses and renamed itself as the "National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers". The NUTGW had 118,700 members in 1945, making it the tenth largest union in Britain. The NUTGW merged into the General, Municipal, Boilermakers and Allied Trades Union in 1991.

Harringay

Harringay (pronounced ) is a housing area in the London Borough of Haringey in north London, in England. It is centred on the section of Green Lanes running between the New River, where it crosses Green Lanes by Finsbury Park, and Duckett's Common, near Turnpike Lane.

2015 Labour Party leadership election (UK)

The 2015 Labour Party leadership election was election to choose the leader of the Labour Party in the United Kingdom. It won by Jeremy Corbyn. The election was held because Ed Miliband resigned on 8 May 2015, after the party's defeat at the 2015 general election. Harriet Harman, the Deputy Leader, became Acting Leader but announced that she would resign after the leadership election.

Four candidates were successfully nominated to stand in the election: Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper, Jeremy Corbyn and Liz Kendall. The voting process began on Friday 14 August 2015 and closed on Thursday 10 September 2015. The results were announced on Saturday 12 September 2015. Voting was by Labour Party members and registered supporters. They voted using the alternative vote system.

When Corbyn entered the election, he was considered unlikely to win. However, support for him increased quickly. Opinion polls showed him leading against the other candidates. This led to warnings from people such as Gordon Brown, Tony Blair, Jack Straw, David Miliband, and Alastair Campbell. Many of them claimed that Corbyn's election as leader would leave the party unable to win elections. Corbyn won the election in the first round, with 59.5% of the votes.

Camden New Journal

The Camden New Journal is a free, independent newspaper that covers the London Borough of Camden. It was created because of a strike in the 1980s supported by campaigning journalist Paul Foot, Holborn and St Pancras MP Frank Dobson and the paper's editor Eric Gordon. It has a lot of influence in Camden because of its news content, investigations and high number of readers.

It was named "Free Newspaper of The Year" at the Press Gazette's national industry awards in 2001, 2003, 2005 and 2010. It was nominated in 2002 and 2004.


Annual

Annual may refer to:

Private Finance Initiative

The private finance initiative (PFI) is a way of creating partnerships between the public and private parts of the economy. It involves paying for public building projects (such as infrastructure) with money from private companies. It was created by the governments of Australia and the United Kingdom. It was used there and in Spain. PFI and its variants have now been used in many countries as part of the wider programme of privatisation and financialisation. This has been because of an increased need for accountability and efficiency for the spending of public money. PFI has also been used simply to avoid reporting costs and debt on the balance sheets.

HM Revenue and Customs

Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HM Revenue and Customs or HMRC) is a non-ministerial department of the United Kingdom Government. It is responsible for the collection of taxes, the payment of some types of welfare, and the management of other regulations such as the minimum wage.

HMRC was formed when the Inland Revenue and Her Majesty's Customs and Excise were combined. This happened on 18 April 2005. The department's logo is the St Edward's Crown enclosed within a circle.

Senegambia

Senegambia was a region of West Africa occupying the area of present day Senegal and Gambia. The 20th century 
Senegambia Confederation, was a loose confederation between Senegal and Gambia. The term Senegambia was used by the British as early as 1765. They used it to refer to their settlements on the islands off the coast of present day Senegal. The modern use of the term Senegambia means the region that includes both Senegal and Gambia.

There is little known about the early history of the area. By about 1000 AD the Soninke, Mandinka and Fula peoples had formed settlements along the Gambia River. The Toucouleur people were settled in east and central Senegal. Kingdoms such as the Jolof and the Sere settled in the area north of the Gambia River. The first Europeans, Portuguese sailors, arrived about 1455. Portugal controlled the area between the Sénégal and Gambia Rivers until the British, Dutch and French moved into the area. They traded goods such as salt, iron, guns and gunpowder for gold, ivory, ebony and slaves. 
About 24% of the African slaves brought to America, were from Senegambia. The Africans from Senegambia were found nearly everywhere in the United States before the American Civil War, both in the North and South.Senegambia was strongly Muslim. This means that many African slaves in the US had been exposed to Islam much more than the rest of the Americas. 

Because of the need for field workers up to two-thirds of Africans taken captive were men. In the Senegambia region due to the high demand by buyers, men and boys were taken from all over the region. Women, however, being in less demand, were taken from the easily accessed coastal areas. Most of them belonged to the Jolof people and so, unlike the men, they had a common language. Due to the fear of slaves revolting, men were kept below decks and in chains. Women were usually kept on deck and were sometimes allowed to move around. Some historians say that it was the women who organized many of the slave uprisings at sea. 

Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013

The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013 (c. 30) is an Act passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It legalises same-sex marriage in England and Wales.

After the 2010 General Election, in September 2011, Liberal Democrat Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Equalities, Lynne Featherstone, announced they would try to make same-sex marriage legal from March 2012. The session closed in June 2012 and, in December 2012, the new Minister for Women and Equalities, Maria Miller, announced that the Government would be introducing a law before the next election. She also said that they were trying to get this done within parliament's current session. 

The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill was introduced into Parliament on 24 January 2013. The leaders of the three main political parties in the United Kingdom gave their MPs a free vote. This means they would not be made to vote in favour or against it; they could vote however they wanted.

Labour Briefing

Labour Briefing is a monthly political magazine made by members of the British Labour Party. The magazine was started in 1980 as London Labour Briefing.

Throughout the 1990s, "London Labour Briefing" lost supporters and influence as New Labour's hold over the Labour Party increased. This was also because control inside the Labour Party was centralised, and the role played by activists was reduced.

"London Labour Briefing" was renamed "Labour Briefing" and was then known as "Labour Left Briefing". In 2008 it was changed back to "Labour Briefing" on merging with "Voice of the Unions". It supports the Socialist Campaign Group of Members of Parliament, and aims to promote and build the network of local Campaign Groups.

Parliamentary select committees of the United Kingdom

A parliamentary select committee in the United Kingdom can be appointed from the House of Commons, like the Foreign Affairs Select Committee; from the House of Lords, or as a joint committee of Parliament drawn from both of them. Some of the committees are near-permanent and some are set up for some special work and then stop. Most of the Commons committees look at the work of government departments and agencies but the Lords committees mostly look at big subjects. 

Committees may be nearly permanent), or as "ad-hoc" committees with a specific timeline by which to complete their work, after which they stop existing, such as the recent Lords Committee on Public Service and Demographic Change.

Both Houses have their own committees to review drafts of European Union directives: the European Union Committee in the House of Lords, and the European Scrutiny Committee in the House of Commons.

Department for Social Security

The Department of Social Security (DSS) was a government department in the United Kingdom. 

The department was created in 1988. The Department of Health and Social Security was divided into two departments, one of which was the DSS. During 2001, the department was largely replaced by the Department for Work and Pensions. The other responsibilities of the department were assumed by the Treasury and the Ministry of Defence. 

London Regional Select Committee

The London Regional Select Committee was one of nine regional select committees of the House of Commons in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The House of Commons agreed to create the committee on 25 June 2009, after committees for the eight other regions of England were created in November 2008. 'Regional ministers' were appointed by Gordon Brown when he was made Prime Minister in June 2007. The committee was created on 1 January 2009. It ceased to exist upon the dissolution of Parliament on 12 April 2010.

Justice Select Committee

The Justice Select Committee is a committee made up of a small number of members of the British House of Commons. The committee looks at the policy, management and spending of the Ministry of Justice. It also looks at the work of the Law Officers of the Crown, the Serious Fraud Office, and the Crown Prosecution Service. It gives reports with opinions and advice.

The committee also reviews draft Sentencing Guidelines issued by the Sentencing Guidelines Council.

15 February 2003 anti-war protests

On February 15, 2003, there was a day of protests across the world. The protests were to express people's opposition to the imminent invasion of Iraq. They were held in more than 600 cities. It was part of a series of protests and political events that had begun in 2002 and continued as the war took place. Social movement researchers have described the 15 February protest as "the largest protest event in human history."

Sources vary in their estimations of the number of participants involved. According to BBC News, between six and eleven million people took part in protests in up to sixty countries over the weekend of the 15th and 16th. Other estimates range from eight million to thirty million.

Some of the largest protests took place in Europe. The protest in Rome involved around three million people, and is listed in the 2004 "Guinness Book of World Records" as the largest anti-war rally in history. Madrid hosted the second largest rally with more than 1.5 million people protesting the invasion of Iraq; Mainland China was the only major region not to see any protests on that day, but small demonstrations, attended mainly by foreign students, were seen later.

Iraq Inquiry

The Iraq Inquiry is a public inquiry into the United Kingdom's role in the Iraq War. It is also called the Chilcot Inquiry after its chairman, Sir John Chilcot.

The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The original announcement was that the inquiry would take place in private. This decision was later reversed after receiving criticism in the media and the House of Commons.

On 6 July 2016, Sir John Chilcot announced the report's publication, more than seven years after the inquiry was announced. It referred to as the Chilcot report by the news media, the document stated that Saddam Hussein was not an urgent threat and that the Iraq War was not necessary. 

Andrew Murray (trade unionist)

Andrew Murray (born 1958) is a British campaigner and journalist. He was Chair of the Stop the War Coalition from its formation in 2001 until September 2011, and again from September 2015 after Jeremy Corbyn resigned.

Murray has been a senior official for several trade unions over many years.

All-party parliamentary group

An all-party parliamentary group (APPG) is a grouping in the British Parliament that is made up of politicians from all political parties.

If a parliament consists of both a lower house and an upper house, all-party parliamentary groups can usually include members of both houses. In the British Parliament, for example, APPGs include members of the House of Commons and the House of Lords.

In the British Parliament, an associate parliamentary group is similar to an all-party parliamentary group except that it is made up of not only members of the House of Commons or Lords but can also include members from outside Parliament.

Chagossians

The Chagossians (also Îlois or Chagos Islanders) are people who previously lived on the Chagos Islands. They are of African, Indian and Malay ancestry. They lived on Diego Garcia, Peros Banhos and the Salomon island chain, as well as other islands. They were forcibly removed from the islands by the British government in the late 1960s and early 1970s. This was done at the request of the United States government, so that Diego Garcia could become a military base. Most Chagossians now live in Mauritius and the United Kingdom. No Chagossians live in the Chagos Islands anymore, as it is now the site of the military base Camp Justice.

The Chagossians are mostly descended from African people, particularly from Madagascar, Mozambique and Mauritius. There is also a significant proportion of Indian and Malay ancestry. The French brought some to the Chagos islands as slaves from Mauritius in 1786. Others arrived as fishermen, farmers, and coconut plantation workers during the 19th century.

The Chagossians speak Chagossian Creole, a creole language based on French. It has words that come from various African and Asian languages. It is part of the Bourbonnais Creole family. Chagossian Creole is still spoken by some of their descendants in Mauritius and Seychelles. Chagossian people living in the UK speak English.

On 22 May 2019, the UN General Assembly adopted a resolution [86] asking the United Kingdom to surrender the Chagos Archipelago to Mauritius within six months.

Chagos Archipelago

The Chagos Archipelago ( or ) or Chagos Islands (formerly the Bassas de Chagas, and later the Oil Islands) is a group of seven atolls in the Indian Ocean. The atolls are made up of more than 60 individual islands. The islands are located about south of Maldives.
The International community has a strong consensus that the islands are part of Mauritius, but nevertheless, they remain illegally occupied by the United Kingdom, which rents out the islands to the US for a military base.

On 25 February 2019, in an advisory opinion, the International Court of Justice found that the United Kingdom illegally separated the Chagos Archipelago from Mauritius after its independence in 1968. 

The UN General Assembly adopted a resolution on May 22, 2019, commanding Great Britain to return the Chagos Archipelago to the Republic of Mauritius within six months, which would allow Chagossians to recover their land, but Great Britain refused to comply.


Brighton hotel bombing

The Brighton hotel bombing was an attack at the Grand Hotel in Brighton, England. It happened on 12 October 1984. A time bomb was planted in the hotel by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA) member Patrick Magee. The purpose was to kill Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her ministers, who were staying at the hotel for the Conservative Party conference. Patrick Magee, an IRA volunteer, stayed in the hotel under the pseudonym "Roy Walsh" on the weekend of 14–17 September. During his stay, he planted the bomb under the bath in his room.

The bomb brought down a five-ton chimney stack, which crashed down through the floors into the basement.

Thatcher narrowly escaped injury. Five people were killed, including the Deputy Chief Whip Sir Anthony Berry, and 31 were injured. Margaret Tebbit, wife of Norman Tebbit had to use a wheelchair for the rest of her life.

At 4am Thatcher gave an impromptu interview to the BBC saying that the conference would go on as usual. Marks & Spencer opened early at 8:00 am so those who had lost their clothes in the bombing could purchase replacements.

The bombing was called "the most audacious attack on a British government since the Gunpowder Plot". It "marked the end of an age of comparative innocence. From that day forward, all party conferences in this country have become heavily defended citadels".

Flexagon

In geometry, a flexagon is a flat model, usually made by folding a piece of paper, so that when 'flexed' (folded), one or more hidden faces will be revealed (shown) from within the model.

Flexagons are usually square or rectangular (tetraflexagons) or hexagonal (hexaflexagons). A prefix can be added to the name to show the number of faces that the model can display, including the two faces (back and front) that are visible before flexing. For example, a hexaflexagon with a total of six faces is called a hexahexaflexagon.

Arthur H. Stone, a British man, is said to have first discovered the flexagon in 1939. At the time, he was a student at Princeton University in the United States. His new American paper would not fit in his English binder so he cut off the ends of the paper and began folding them into different shapes. One of these formed a trihexaflexagon. 

Other students became interested in these shapes. They included Bryant Tuckerman, Richard Feynman, and John Tukey. Together, they formed the Princeton Flexagon Committee. Tuckerman worked out a topological method, called the "Tuckerman traverse", for revealing all the faces of a flexagon.

Flexagons were introduced to the general public by the recreational mathematician Martin Gardner in 1956. He wrote about in the first "Mathematical Games" column that he wrote for "Scientific American" magazine.

In 1955, Russell Rogers and Leonard D'Andrea of Homestead Park, Pennsylvania applied for a patent. In 1959 they were granted U.S. Patent number 2,883,195 for the hexahexaflexagon, under the title "Changeable Amusement Devices and the Like." 

Their patent imagined possible ways that the device could be used as a toy, an device for advertising, or as a device for learning about geometry." A few such novelties were produced by the Herbick & Held Printing Company in Pittsburgh. The device, marketed as the "Hexmo", were not very successful.

Schlager music

Schlager music is a kind of pop music, where the text often talks about sentiments. Schlager started with operetta music, at the end of the 19th century. In the 1920s, Jazz music influenced it. Musically, Schlager music often has simple structures. Very often, Schlager songs are commercially successful. 

Serotonin syndrome

Serotonin syndrome, also known as serotonin poisoning, serotonin sickness, and many other names, is a medical condition that can happen if there is too much serotonin in your brain or other parts of your nervous system. Serotonin syndrome can be mild (doesn't make you very sick), but in rare situations, it can kill you. Serotonin syndrome can happen if you use some drugs that can increase the amount of serotonin in your nervous system. Some examples of drugs that can make you have serotonin syndrome are antidepressants, opioids, CNS stimulants, 5-HT agonists (a drug that changes the receptors of serotonin), psychedelics, herbs, and many others.

Keith Morrison

Keith Morrison (born July 2, 1947) is a Canadian broadcast journalist. He has been a writer for "Dateline NBC" since 1995. In 1988 he joined NBC News as a west coast writer for the "NBC Nightly News" and "Today Show".


Bill Nelson

Clarence William "Bill" Nelson II (born September 29, 1942) is an American politician and astronaut. Nelson is the 14th and current Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration since May 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Senator from Florida from 2001 to 2019. He lost his re-election campaign in 2018 to Republican Governor Rick Scott.

He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1978 and in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1991. In January 1986, he became the second sitting member of Congress to fly in space, after Jake Garn. He was a payload specialist on the Space Shuttle "Columbia".

Nelson retired from Congress in 1990 to run for Governor of Florida, but was lost the Democratic nomination to Lawton Chiles.

In March 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Nelson to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in his administration.

Nelson was born in Miami, Florida. He was raised in Melbourne, Florida. Nelson studied at the University of Florida, Yale University and at the University of Virginia.

Nelson began his career in the Florida House of Representatives, where he served from 1973 to 1979. He then served in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1991.

In January 1986, Nelson became the second sitting member of the United States Congress to fly in space along with John Glenn. He flew as a Payload Specialist on the Space Shuttle "Columbia".

He served in the United States Senate, serving Florida from 2001 to 2019.

In the U.S. Senate, he was a centrist and a moderate Democrat. Nelson supported same-sex marriage, lowering taxes on lower and middle income families, expanding environmental programs and regulation, protecting the Affordable Care Act and expanding Medicaid.

Nelson chaired the Senate Aging Committee from 2013 to 2015, and was Ranking Member of the Senate Commerce Committee from 2015 to 2019.

Nelson lost re-election in 2018 to Republican Rick Scott by 0.1%.

On February 22, 2021, reports emerged that President Joe Biden was considering nominating Nelson to be the NASA Administrator. Biden officially nominated Nelson on March 19, 2021 to the position.

His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 29, 2021 by a unanimous voice vote.

In 1972, Nelson married Grace Cavert. The couple have two adult children: Charles William "Bill Jr." Nelson, and Nan Ellen Nelson. He has suffered from prostate cancer.

Gail Halvorsen

Colonel Gail Seymour "Hal" Halvorsen (October 10, 1920 – February 16, 2022) was an American career officer and command pilot in the United States Air Force. He was well known as the original Candy Bomber or the "Rosinenbomber" in Germany and a recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal. He piloted C-47s and C-54s during the Berlin airlift ("Operation Vittles") from 1948–1949.

Halvorsen was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. In October 2020, he turned 100. Halvoersen died at a hospital in Provo, Utah on February 16, 2022 from respiratory failure at the age of 101.


Władysław Szpilman

Władysław "Wladek" Szpilman (; 5 December 19116 July 2000) was a Polish pianist and classical composer.

Szpilman is known as the main character of the Roman Polanski movie "The Pianist" (2002). This movie is based on the book of the same name. It recounts Polanski's survival of the German occupation of Warsaw and the Holocaust.

Szpilman died in Warsaw, Poland on 6 July 2000 at the age of 88.


Dewlap

A dewlap is a flap of skin that hangs beneath the neck of many animals. 
It can also be used to mean other things such as a double chin on a person or the vocal sac of a frog. The term dewlap can also be used to mean a "caruncle", defined as "a small, fleshy excrescence that is a normal part of an animal's anatomy". At times the appearance of a dewlap indicates a stage in an animal's development. For example, the appearance of a dewlap on a female rabbit indicates she is of breeding age.

Radio galaxy

Radio galaxies and their relatives, radio-loud quasars and blazars, are types of active galaxy that are very luminous at radio wavelengths. They have luminosities up to 10 W between 10 MHz and 100 GHz. 

The radio emission is due to the synchrotron process. The observed structure in radio emission is determined by the interaction between twin jets and the external medium, modified by the effects of relativistic beaming. Radio galaxies are almost exclusively large elliptical galaxies. "Radio-loud" active galaxies can be detected at large distances, making them valuable tools for observation. Recently, much work has been done on the effects of these objects on the intergalactic medium, particularly in galaxy groups and clusters.

Kho people

The Kho people, also known as Chitralis, are an ethnic group in Pakistan, living mainly around the Chitral District. They speak the Khowar language. Their main religion is Sunni Islam. The Kho are excellent mountaineers who seemingly do not get tired or cold when working all day. 

Kho culture places heavy emphasis on poetry, song and dance. Kho people also have a great respect of law and order. Much of this can be attributed to Chitral being a stable kingdom for most of its history, where the rule of law and the will of the ruler came before tribal concepts such as revenge and isolationism.

Polo is a popular sport and pastime for the Kho people. Polo traditionally played by the Kho has little rules or organisation. 

Dance and music play a large role in Kho society. Common clothing include the "salwar kameez" (long tunic and trousers) and headwear includes the pakol (chitrali hat). The song of Nano Begal is a famous folk song from Chitral.

These people speak Khowar language which is an Indo-Aryan language of the Dardic subgroup.

Tony Skyrme

Tony Hilton Royle Skyrme (; 5 December 1922, Lewisham – 25 June 1987) was a British scientist who worked on the atom.
He was born in Lewisham , a suburb of London. His father was a bank clerk. He first went to a school in Lewisham, but was so good at maths that he was given a scholarship (free place) to Eton college.

There he was also good at math and won prizes in the subject. He got a place at Cambridge University and again was better than his fellow students leaving with the best degree, a first class degree.

When he left Cambridge in 1943 World War Two was at its height and he was told by the government to work on atomic energy under another scientist Rudolf Peierls to help win the war.

When America began to secretly build the atomic bomb these two men and a few other Britons went to America to help them achieve their goal. Tony Skyrme did important work towards the two atomic bombs that ended the war.

He then worked back in Britain on studying atoms. He used a way of understanding how atoms work by inventing an atom sized thing called a skyrmion. It is still used today to understand atoms.

Marvel

Marvel may refer to:




Biggin Hill

Biggin Hill is a small town, just on the edge of Greater London.

Biggin Hill has an airport that is famous for being used during World War 2, as well as it's yearly air show.


Skyrmion

A skyrmion is an quantum entity in atomic physics that can occur in some materials like solids and Bose–Einstein condensates. They are made up from a persistent vortex that is a quantum superposition of baryons and resonance states. These vortices behave like particles but are not. They are called quasiparticles and have mass just like a real particle. 

They were first though of mathematically by the British scientist Tony Skyrme in 1962 and named after him in 1982. In 2009 physicists from the Technical University of Munich were able to create and see skyrmions for the first time in a very cold magnetic solid.

Skyrmions are important in the emerging solid state technology of spintronics where they promise data storage at much higher densities than ever before.

Chrono (series)

The Chrono is a series of video games by Square Enix. The original game, "Chrono Trigger", was released in 1995. The games are role-playing games. The other major game in the series is "Chrono Cross". As of March 2011, the two games have sold over 5.3 million units.

Raid at Cabanatuan

The Raid at Cabanatuan, also known as The Great Raid, was a rescue of Allied prisoners of war (POWs) and civilians from a Japanese prisoner of war camp near Cabanatuan City, in the Philippines. With the landing and advance of General Douglas MacArthur in late 1944, it was feared the Japanese would move the prisoners to Japan or kill them. On January 30, 1945, during World War II, United States Army Rangers, Alamo Scouts, and Filipino guerrillas liberated 511 prisoners from the camp. The daring raid is still studied by Army Rangers today as a classic example.

After the Attack on Pearl Harbor by the Empire of Japan on December 7, 1941, the United States declared war on Japan and its allies. At the same time the Japanese also attacked the American bases at Guam, Wake Island and the Philippines. While Guam and Wake Island soon fell, Filipino and U.S. forces resisted in the Philippines until early May 1942. By this time, the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast Asia. The Bataan peninsula and the island of Corregidor were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region. On April 9, 1942 about 11,800 American, 66,000 Filipino and 1,000 Chinese-Filipinos surrendered to the Japanese. They were starving, sick and fatigued, yet were forced to march 60 miles (97 km) with many dying along the way. This was the infamous Bataan Death March. Many also escaped and joined guerrilla forces hiding in the mountains. About 79,000 survived and were imprisoned at Camp O'Donnell. The American and Filipino forces on Island of Corregidor surrendered on May 6, 1942. The approximately 79,000 forces captured on Corregidor were not a part of the Death March. They were loaded onto cargo ships and taken to Manila. There they were marched through the streets as a celebration of the Japanese victory. They were then sent to Cabanatuan camp number 1 near Cabanatuan city. They were joined by other American prisoners from Camp O'Donnell.

By January of 1945, after nearly three years at the camp, nearly 3,000 prisoners had died. The camp measured about by and was enclosed by 3 barbed wire fences, each high. There were guard towers outside the fence. The prisoners were kept in 8 barracks originally designed to house 40 soldiers, but were used to hold 120 prisoners each. Conditions at the camp in 1942 were terrible with mosquitoes that carried malaria and flies that spreading dysentery. Many prisoners were murdered by the guards. Local Filipinos smuggled in food and money to bribe the guards. But by 1944 the conditions became worse. The Japanese cut rations and cut down on the smuggling of food to prisoners. They started sending prisoners to camps in Japan and Manchuria in "hellships". By early 1945 just over 500 prisoners were left in Cabanatuan number 1 camp.

On January 9, 1945, American forces led by General Douglas MacArthur invaded Luzon. A few months earlier, Japan had issued a "kill-all" order. Any camp that was in danger of being taken by American forces was to kill all the prisoners. The prisoners at Cabanatuan were not aware of the danger they were in. But MacArthur had become aware of the order. The Japanese had executed all but 11 of 150 prisoners at a POW camp on Palawan, in the Philippines. The 11 managed to escape the massacre by hiding. MacArthur did not want this happening at Cabanatuan. As the Americans came to within from the camp, the prisoners were now in immediate danger. A plan to rescue the prisoners was hastily put together.

One of the units MacArthur had available to him was the 6th Ranger Battalion. Because of their training, they were qualified to operate behind enemy lines. They were commanded by Lieutenant colonel Henry Mucci. In mid-October 1944 they landed ahead of the main American forces to destroy enemy positions and radio stations guarding the entrance to Leyte Gulf. When the 6th Army landed at Luzon, the 6th Ranger Battalion was with them. As the 6th Army moved into central Luzon, General Walter Krueger, commander of the 6th Army, learned about the camp from American officers who had remained in Luzon with the Filipino guerrillas.

Not only was the camp 30 miles behind enemy lines, it had a large number of Japanese troops in the area. The POW camp at Cabanatuan itself was also housing Japanese troops. Mucci put together a force made up of Rangers and two teams of Alamo Scouts. The total force would be 8 officers and 120 enlisted men. All the men carefully studied aerial photographs, maps and diagrams showing the objectives and rendezvous points. The two teams of Alamo Scouts left on January 27 to connect with local guerilla forces and keep the camp under close surveillance. The Rangers would join them just before the attack. On January 29 the Rangers met up with Filipino guerillas five miles north of the camp. Mucci received reports of heavy Japanese troop movements in the area. The raid was put on hold for 24 hours. He learned there were 90 guards in the camp but also a force of 150 soldiers were staying there temporarily. Mucci arranged to have 50 oxcarts ready near the river to carry the prisoners too weak to walk. The raid was now planned for January 30 as night began to fall. Mucci also found a major asset in Filipino Captain Juan Pajota. He knew the area well and he was the one to warn Mucci to wait 24 hours until some of the Japanese moved on.

On the evening of the raid, Filipino guerrillas cut the Japanese phone lines to Manila. They then blocked the two roads passing the camp to prevent other Japanese units from helping the camp guards. The Rangers had to crawl about a mile through an open field. To prevent the guards from seeing them when they got close, Mucci had arranged for a P-61 night fighter to fly over the camp and distract the guards. They split up to attack the front and back gates to the compound. The force broke into the camp and quickly killed the guards. The problems started when the prisoners hid from their rescuers. Not recognizing the uniforms they thought the shooting meant they were all being killed. They finally convinced the prisoners to go with them. One British civilian prisoner hid from his rescuers and did not go with them. But he was picked up by the Filipino guerrillas and taken to safety. One prisoner died of a heart attack during the rescue. The Filipinos and Alamo Scouts held off the Japanese while the Rangers got the prisoners to the carts to haul them to safety. There were 6 Rangers who acted as a rearguard and were the last to leave the camp. They came under fire from the Japanese killing one of the Rangers. At the river a guerrila doctor treated the wounded and Filipinos from nearby villages gave the prisoners food and water. The Rangers with the prisoners traveled all night to get back to the American lines. Only two Rangers, Corporal Roy Sweezy and Captain Fisher, were killed in the rescue. The raid was one of the most spectacular and successful rescues in military history. They killed or wounded an estimated 523 Japanese soldiers during the raid while rescuing 511 prisoners.

In 2005 the movie "The Great Raid" was released on the 60th anniversary of VJ day. It was based on the book "The Great Raid on Cabanatuan". The movie had a number of factual errors in it. The plane that flew overhead was a Lockheed Hudson and not a P-61 "Black Widow", which was the actual plane. The camp was not lit up with electric lights as in the movie. No prisoners were executed during the raid. Also many of Rangers, Alamo Scouts and Filipinos were given fictitious names. 


Texas Instruments

Texas Instruments Inc. (TI) is a electronics company that makes semiconductors and other electronics, such as calculators. The company started in 1924 in Tulsa, Oklahoma as "Geophysical Research Corporation", a subsidiary of Amerada Petroleum. In 1930, they started a new independent company called Geophysical Service, Incorporated. It became a subsidiary of General Instruments in 1951. The same year the name was changed to Texas Instruments (TI). The company is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Today TI is the third largest manufacturer of semiconductors in the world after Intel and Samsung. It is the second largest supplier of chips for cellular handsets after Qualcomm. TI is the largest producer of digital signal processors (DSPs) and analog semiconductors. They also make a wide range of other semiconductor products.

Shah Alam II

Shah Alam II, (25 June 1728 – 19 November 1806) was the eighteenth Mughal Emperor and the son of Alamgir II. He became the emperor of the Mughal Empire; his power was so depleted during his reign that it led to a saying in the Persian language, "Sultanat-e-Shah Alam, Az Dilli ta Palam", meaning, 'The kingdom of Shah Alam is from Delhi to Palam', Palam being a suburb of Delhi.

Battle rap

Battle rap (or rap battling) is a type of rapping that includes boasting and bragging. Rap battles are often performed as live contests in front of an audience. Two or more rappers compete to see who has the better verses. The raps can be rehearsed or freestyled. A freestyle battle is where the rappers use improvised lyrics. Battling can also occur on recorded songs.

Each competitor's goal is to insult their opponent through clever lyrics. They must also convince the audience that they are the better rapper. Judges have been used in formal contests. Without judges, the rapper who receives the best response from the audience is viewed as the winner.

The YouTube channel Epic Rap Battles of History is based on the idea of famous people from history and well-known fictional characters battle rapping

Alley Mills

Alley Mills (born May 9, 1951) is an American actress. She was born in Chicago, Illinois on May 9. Mills has appeared in the television shows "Yes, Dear", "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman", "Strong Medicine" and "Sabrina the Teenage Witch". She has appeared in theater productions. Mills plays the character Pam Douglas in "The Bold And The Beautiful". 

She met her husband, Orson Bean, at a reading of a play in Los Angeles. They married on April 18, 1993. 


Benoît Violier

Benoît Violier (22 August 1971 – 31 January 2016) was a French-Swiss chef. He owned the three Michelin star Restaurant de l'hôtel de Ville from 2012 until his death. The restaurant was first on La Liste in December 2015.

Violier was born in Saintes, Charente-Maritime. He studied in Paris. He moved to Switzerland in 1996 to work for Philippe Rochat. He became a Swiss citizen in 2014.

Violier was found dead from a gunshot wound on 31 January 2016 in Crissier. He was 44. His death was reported as a suicide.

Death of a Hero

Death of a Hero is a book by Richard Aldington. It was his first novel, published in 1929. It is thought to be partly about his own life. The story is set during World War I.

"Death of a Hero" is the story of a young English artist named George Winterbourne who enlists in the army at the beginning of World War I. The story is told by an unnamed narrator, who speaks in the first person. The narrator claims to have known and served with the main character. The story is divided into three parts.

The first part details George's family history. His father, a middle-class man from England's countryside, marries a poor woman who falsely believes she is marrying into a monied family. After George's birth, his mother has a series of lovers.

George is brought up to be a proper and patriotic member of English society. He is encouraged to learn his father's insurance business, but fails to do so. After a disagreement with his parents, he relocates to London to become an artist and live a socialite lifestyle.

The second section of the book deals with George's London life. He ingrains himself in socialite society and engages a number of trendy philosophies.

After he and his lover, Elizabeth, have a pregnancy scare, they decide to marry. Although they do not have a child, the marriage endures. They decide to leave their marriage open. George takes Elizabeth's close friend as a lover, however, and their marriage begins to fall apart. Just as the situation is becoming particularly heated, England declares war on Germany. George decides to enlist.

George trains for the army and is sent to France. (No particular location in France is mentioned. The town behind the front where George spends much of his time is referred to as M---.) He fights on the front for some time. When he returns home, he finds that he has been so affected by the war that he cannot relate to his friends, including his wife and lover.

The casualty rate among officers is particularly high at the front. When a number of officers in George's unit are killed, he is promoted. Upon spending time with the other officers, he finds them to be cynical and utilitarian. He loses faith in the war quickly.

The story ends with George standing up during a machine-gun barrage. He is killed.

At the end of the book there is a poem written from the point of view of a veteran comparing World War I to the Trojan War.

Aldington was a veteran of World War I. He claimed that his novel was accurate in terms of speech and style. It contains a lot of colloquial speech, including profanity, discussion of sexuality and graphic descriptions of the war and of life in the trenches. There was extensive censorship in England and many war novels had been banned or burned as a result. When Aldington first published his novel, he removed or changed a number of sentences in order to make sure the book was published. He insisted that his publishers include a disclaimer in the original printing of the book with the following text:
To my astonishment, my publisher informed me that certain words, phrases, sentences, and even passages, are at present taboo in England. I have recorded nothing which I have not observed in human life, said nothing I do not believe to be true. [...] At my request the publishers are removing what they believe would be considered objectionable, and are placing asterisks to show where omissions have been made. [...] In my opinion it is better for the book to appear mutilated than for me to say what I don't believe. 

Lewis V. Baldwin

Lewis V. Baldwin (born 1949) is a professor of religious studies at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. He is an award-winning historian and author of a number of books on Martin Luther King, Jr.

He was born and raised in Camden, Alabama. In 1971 he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in History. Baldwin studied at Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School from 1971 to 1975. He received his Master of Arts degree in 1973. In 1975 he received his Master of Divinity degree in Theology. In the autumn of 1975 he entered the Ph.D. at Northwestern University. He completed his degree in 1980. In 1978 he was ordained a minister in Greenville Alabama by his father, Pastor L. V. Baldwin, Sr. On June 16, 1987, Baldwin became a deacon in the United Methodist Church.

Dr. Baldwin taught at the College of Wooster in Wooster, Ohio. He has also taught at Colgate University and Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School in New York. He was a professor at Fisk University and American Baptist College in Nashville before coming to Vanderbilt University. He lives in Nashville, Tennessee.

Dr. Baldwin is the author of over 60 articles and several books. These include:

He received the "American Theological Library Association Award" for his book ""Invisible" Strands". Baldwin won the "Midwest Book Achievement Award" of the Midwest Independent Publishers Association. This was for his book "A Balm in Gilead".


Little owl

The little owl ("Athene noctua") is a bird that lives in the temperate and warmer parts of Europe, Asia (east to Korea), and North Africa. It was introduced into Britain at the end of the nineteenth century, and into the South Island of New Zealand in the early twentieth century.

This owl is a member of the Strigidae, which contains most species of owl. The other group is the barn owls, Tytonidae. 

The little owl is a small, mainly nocturnal species. It is found in a range of habitats such as farmland, woodland fringes, steppes and semi-deserts. It is camouflaged, and especially hard to see if the background is wood or stone covered with lichen. It feeds on insects, earthworms, other invertebrates and small vertebrates such as mice and shrews. 

Males have territories which they defend against intruders. This owl is a cavity nester and a clutch of about four eggs is laid in spring. The female does the incubation and the male brings food to the nest, first for the female and later for the newly hatched young. As the chicks grow, both parents hunt and bring them food, and the chicks leave the nest at about seven weeks of age.

There are thirteen recognized subspecies of little owl spread across Europe and Asia.

UBS

UBS AG is a Swiss finance company. It is an investment bank. 60,000 people work with them in total around the world. The headquarters are in Zürich.

Hilda Heine

Hilda Heine (born April 6, 1951) is a Marshallese politician. She was the eighth President of the Marshall Islands, serving from January 28, 2016 to January 13, 2020. In 2024, she was elected again as president for a second non-consecutive term. 

Stop consonant

Stops or plosives are consonant sounds that are formed by completely stopping airflow. 

Stop sounds can be voiceless, like the sounds /p/, /t/, and /k/, or voiced, like /b/, /d/, and /g/. In phonetics, a plosive consonant is made by blocking a part of the mouth so that no air can pass through. Pressure builds up behind the block, and when the air is allowed to pass through again, a sound is created. This sound is the plosive consonant. The blocking is usually done using the tongue, the lips or the throat. Plosives can be voiced or voiceless. 

, , are voiceless plosives.

, , are voiced plosives. 


George P. Bush

George Prescott Bush (born April 24, 1976) is an American attorney, United States Navy Reserve officer, real estate investor and politician. He serves as the Commissioner of the Texas Land General Office. He is the oldest child of Florida Governor Jeb Bush. He is also the grandson of former President George H.W. Bush and the nephew of former President George W. Bush.

Bush was born in Houston, Texas.

Aramaic alphabet

The Aramaic alphabet was originally adapted from the Phoenician alphabet about the 8th century BC. It was first used to write the Aramaic language. It was also used to write several other languages and alphabets including the Hebrew square script. It was also developed into the Nabataean, Syriac and Mongolian writing systems, among others. The modern Arabic alphabet is also descended from the Aramaic alphabet. 

The Aramaic alphabet contains 22 characters used mainly to indicate consonants. However, some symbols can be used to indicate long vowels. By comparison the later Hebrew and Arabic scripts use only consonants. Hebrew uses 22; Arabic 28.


<br>

Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf

Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf (born 16 March 1956) is a Swiss politician. She was in office from 1985 to 2015. She was the President of the Swiss Confederation in 2012. She studied law at the University of Zürich.


Eric Garcetti

Eric Michael Garcetti (born February 4, 1971) is an American politician who is the United States Ambassador to India since 2023. He had served as mayor of Los Angeles from 2013 to 2022. He is a former member of the Los Angeles City Council, representing the 13th District. He served as Council President from 2006 to 2012.

He is a member of the Democratic Party. Garcetti won an election to become mayor on May 21, 2013. He defeated city Controller Wendy Greuel. Garcetti was the city's first elected Jewish mayor and its youngest in more than a hundred years.

In May 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Garcetti to be the United States Ambassador to India. In May 2022, his nomination was put on hold while an investigation is being made about how Garcetti handled sexual harassment claims against his top mayoral aides. On May 22, 2022, U.S. Senate leader Chuck Schumer said that Garcetti did not have enough votes to have his nomination passed by the Senate. 

Biden renominated Garcetti in January 2023. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate by a 52–42 vote.

Garcetti was born in Los Angeles and was raised in the Encino neighborhood of Los Angeles. His father, Gil Garcetti, is a lawyer and was the Los Angeles District Attorney during the O. J. Simpson murder case. He studied at Columbia University and at Queen's College, Oxford.

Garcetti is a photographer, jazz pianist, and composer. In 2009, he married his longtime girlfriend Amy Elaine Wakeland. They have one daughter, Maya Juanita, who was adopted. Garcetti and his wife have also fostered seven children.

Richard Riordan

Richard Joseph "Dick" Riordan (May 1, 1930 – April 19, 2023) was an American investment banker, businessman, investor and politician. He served as the 39th Mayor of Los Angeles, California from 1993 to 2001. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Riordan was born in New York City. He died at his Brentwood home on April 19, 2023, at the age of 92.

Tom Bradley

Thomas J. "Tom" Bradley (December 29, 1917September 29, 1998) was an American politician. He was the 38th Mayor of Los Angeles. He served from 1973 to 1993. He was the only African-American mayor of that city. His 20 years in office mark the longest time by any mayor in the city's history.

He became mayor after an election in 1973. It made him the second African-American mayor of a major U.S. city. Bradley retired in 1993. His approval ratings had begun dropping because of the 1992 Los Angeles riots.

Bradley ran for Governor of California in 1982 and 1986. He was defeated each time by the Republican George Deukmejian. In 1985, he was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP.

Bradley died on September 29, 1998 in Los Angeles. He died from a stroke caused by a heart attack. He was aged 80.


Roman Gribbs

Roman Stanley Gribbs (December 29, 1925 – April 5, 2016) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Detroit from 1970 to 1974. Later, Gribbs served as a judge on the Michigan Court of Appeals.

Dave Bing

David Bing (born November 24, 1943) is an American businessman, retired basketball player, and former mayor. He was mayor of Detroit, Michigan from 2009 to 2013.

After starring at Syracuse University, Bing played 12 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a guard for the Detroit Pistons (1966 to 1975), Washington Bullets (1975 to 1977) and Boston Celtics (1977–78). He is now in the Basketball Hall of Fame.

Bing entered Detroit politics as a Democrat in 2008. He announced his intentions to run for mayor in Detroit's non-partisan primary to finish the term of Kwame Kilpatrick. Kilpatrick had resigned during a corruption investigation. After winning the primary, Bing then defeated interim Mayor Kenneth Cockrel, Jr. and was sworn in as mayor in May 2009. Later that year, Bing was re-elected to a full term.

Mike Duggan

Michael Edward "Mike" Duggan (born July 15, 1958) is an American lawyer, prosecutor and businessman. He is serving as mayor of Detroit, Michigan. He was elected mayor in 2013.

He received attention from across the country in part because he is the first white mayor of the city since Roman Gribbs in the early 1970s. Currently, most of the people living in Detroit are African American. This was not the case at the time when Gribbs was mayor.

Mohammad Salimi

Mohammad Salimi (; February 2, 1937 – January 30, 2016) was an Iranian military person. He was born in Mashhad, Iran. He was the commander-in-chief of the Iranian Army. He served in the Iran-Iraq War. He began his career in 1955 and resigned in 2005. Salimi was the defense minister in the cabinet of Mir-Hossein Mousavi, replacing Javad Fakoori. He was in office from 1981 to August 1984.

Paul Pholeros

Paul Pholeros AM (1953 – 1 February 2016) was an Australian architect. He was born in Sydney. He received his Bachelor of Science in Architecture from the University of Sydney in 1974 and Bachelor of Architecture (Hons 1) in 1976. Pholeros created his own architectural practice, Paul Pholeros Architects, in 1984. He was also a director of Healthabitat Pty Ltd.

Pholeros died in Sydney on 1 February 2016 from cancer at the age of 62.

Alejandro Jodorowsky

Alejandro Jodorowsky Prullansky (; 17 February 1929 – 15 September 2022) is a Chilean movie and theatre director, screenwriter, playwright, actor, author, poet, producer, composer, musician, comic book writer. He also gives spiritual advice. He was known for his movies "El Topo" (1970), "The Holy Mountain" (1973), "Tusk" (1980), the horror "Santa Sangre" (1989) and the failed blockbuster "The Rainbow Thief" (1990).

He is best known for his avant-garde movies. He is popular among cult cinema fans for his work. His movies are "filled with violently surreal images" and a mix of "mysticism and religious provocation".

He was born in Tocopilla, Chile.

Graphing calculator

A graphing calculator is a calculator that is specially made to draw graphs. Also, graphing calculators can do many advanced tasks, such as solving equations with one or more variables. Graphing calculators are usually bigger and more expensive than a basic calculator, but can do more. Another feature of most graphing calculators is programmability. This lets anyone program the calculator to do whatever he or she wants.


Fernando Arrabal

Fernando Arrabal Terán (born August 11, 1932) is a Spanish playwright, screenwriter, movie director, novelist and poet. Arrabal was born in Melilla, Spain, but settled in France in 1955. He calls himself "desterrado", which means "half-expatriate, half-exiled".

In 1962, Arrabal co-founded the Panic Movement with Alejandro Jodorowsky and Roland Topor. It was inspired by the god Pan. He was elected Transcendent Satrap of the Collège de Pataphysique in 1990.


Jimmy Wales Foundation

The Jimmy Wales Foundation is a non-profit organization started by Jimmy Wales to promote internet freedom. The organization was established with prize money from the “Knowledge Award”, which was presented to Jimmy and Tim Berners-Lee at the first Knowledge Conference in Dubai.

The organization talks about individual human rights cases of real people who were persecuted. One of the people featured is Bassel Khartabil, formerly from Creative Commons Syria. Bassel was imprisoned in Syria in 2012, and disappeared completely a few years later. Bassel Khartabil has been killed in 2015. Another featured case is Roya Saberinejad, who went to visit her family in Iran, and never returned.
The purpose of the Jimmy Wales Foundation is to stop government censorship and promote freedom of expression on the internet.

The goals of the Jimmy Wales Foundation are to:


Word of mouth

Word of mouth is the passing of information from a person to one or more people in conversation. In the past, it referred only to speech, but now, it can sometimes include online communication. It can be as simple as telling someone what time it is, or it can involve longer stories and news. It is a good way to share information about things that are of interest to a local community, such as businesses, other people, and things that happened in the past.

Oral tradition (also called "oral culture" or "oral lore") is when cultural material is transmitted orally from older people to younger people. This material may include folktales, sayings, songs, or chants. It is a way for things like history, literature, and law to be passed down from generation to generation without a writing system.

Oral history is history that is given by people who lived through historical eras or events. Often, they are interviewed, and it is recorded. Usually, they talk about things that are not part of written history, such as what everyday life was like.

Consumers often talk to their friends about their experiences with a product or a service. This is important for businesses because people are more likely to trust someone they know well.

"Word-of-mouth marketing" happens when a business tries to encourage people to talk about their product. For example, they can offer rewards or suggest that they make posts on social media.

A lot of people think that a lot of word of mouth now happens on the internet. However, studies show that most word of mouth actually happens in spoken conversation.

Ida B. Wells

Ida Bell Wells-Barnett (July 16, 1862 – March 25, 1931), also known as Ida B. Wells, was an African-American journalist, suffragist and women's rights advocate. She was born a slave in Holly Springs, Mississippi during the American Civil War. Wells grew up to become a teacher in Memphis, Tennessee. She became co-owner of a local newspaper "The Free Speech and Headlight". She wrote editorials using the pen name "Iola". Many of her editorials were about the problems of African-Americans in the era of Jim Crow laws. She became a full-time journalist after being dismissed from her teaching job. Wells was an early pioneer in the civil rights movement. In 1909, Wells was one of the founders of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).

Wells is buried at Oak Woods Cemetery in Greater Grand Crossing, Chicago, Illinois.

On May 4, 1884, a train conductor ordered Wells to give up her seat in a nice car and move to a crowded car. At the time, railroad companies were allowed to separate their passengers by race. Wells refused to give up her seat. The conductor and two men dragged her out of the car. Wells fought back and even bit the conductor on the hand. Wells wrote a newspaper article for "The Living Way," an article for black people, about her treatment on the train. She hired a black lawyer to sue the railroad. The railroad paid her lawyer to not work for her, so Wells hired a white lawyer. She won her case on December 24, 1884. The local court granted her a $500 award. The railroad company then took the case to the Tennessee Supreme Court. That court decided against Wells in 1887. Wells was ordered to pay money to the court. She responded saying she felt sad and disappointed because she had hoped that her lawsuit would help her fellow black Americans: "I felt so disappointed because I had hoped such great things from my suit for my people...O God, is there no...justice in this land for us?"

While teaching elementary school, the "Evening Star," a newspaper in Washington, D.C., offered Wells an editorial job. She also wrote weekly articles for "The Living Way" weekly newspaper under the pen name "Iola." She became recognized for writing about the problems black people faced. In 1889, she became co-owner and editor of "Free Speech and Headlight," a newspaper against separation by ethnicity. This newspaper published articles about injustices against black Americans. In 1891, Wells was dismissed from her teaching post by the Memphis Board of Education because of her articles that complained about conditions in the local schools for black students. Wells was sad but she didn't give up. She focused on writing articles for "The Living Way" and "Free Speech and Headlight".

In 1889, Thomas Moss, a friend of Wells, opened the Peoples Grocery. The grocery store did well and competed with a grocery store across the street that was owned by a white man. In 1892, Wells went out of town. While she was gone, a mob of white people invaded her friend's store. During the fight, three white men were shot and injured. Moss and two other black men, named McDowell and Stewart, were arrested and jailed, waiting for their trial. A large mob of white people stormed the jail and killed the three men. After the murder of her friends, Wells wrote in "Free Speech and Headlight," suggesting that blacks leave Memphis altogether: Wells talked about the public nature of the murders. More than 6,000 black people did leave Memphis. Other people decided not to use businesses owned by white people. Some people said they would hurt Wells, so she bought a pistol. She later said that the people who bullied her were mad because she told just a little bit of the truth: "They had made me an exile and threatened my life for hinting at the truth."


PlusLiga

PlusLiga () is the highest level of men's volleyball in Poland. It is a professional league competition for volleyball clubs located in Poland. It is overseen by Profesjonalna Liga Piłki Siatkowej S.A. (PLPS S.A.). There are currently 14 teams in the league. They play a schedule of 26 games from September to March. The regular season is followed by playoffs. The winner earns the Polish Championship () It is one of the best volleyball leagues in Europe. According to the latest rankings of European volleyball leagues, compiled by the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball, the Polish league is ranked second-best.


Italian Volleyball League

The Italian Male Volleyball League is the league that governs professional men's volleyball in Italy. It is structured with several levels of importance; the highest of them is the "SuperLega" (formerly "Serie A1"). Since early 1980s, many among the best volleyball players in the world play in SuperLega and the level of competition is considerably high.


École Centrale Paris

École Centrale Paris (ECP; also known as École Centrale or Centrale) was a French grande école in engineering and science. It is in a campus of Chatenay-Malabry.

Its courses can lead to the following French and European degrees:

Courses are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students at the school come from more than 50 countries.

Most of the 2000 students at École Centrale de Paris live in dedicated housing buildings near to the research labs and metro public transport.

Admission to the "Centralien engineering Programme" at École Centrale de Paris is possible after two or three year scientific undergraduate studies and requires success in either: 

The "Centralien Programme" usually lasts three years and results in a Master's degree. It involves doing work in other countries. Thus undergraduate studies plus the Centralien Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system. Graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree procedure are required to spend two years at École Centrale de Paris and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years resulting in a double master's degree.


Lovely Professional University

Lovely Professional University (LPU) is a Private University in North India created under the Punjab State Private University Act 2005 and recognized by UGC under Section 2(f) of UGC Act 1956. LPU has been offering more than 200 programs under 40+ disciplines.

LPU is spread across more than 600 acres complete with a state-of-the-art infrastructure. The campus is free from the use of drugs, alcohol and smoking. Even ragging is an offense in the campus. 

Situated at the entrance of Jalandhar City on the National Highway-1, the campus itself look like a planned city with wide roads, gardens and lawns surrounding the residential complexes as well as the buildings for academic purposes. The university campus includes its own backup electricity and water supply, shopping complexes, eating joints, transportation facilities and banking and postal services. For healthcare assistance, the campus has a hospital that operates 24*7.

The campus has four major faculties

"LPU" have residential facilities with capacity for more than 20,000 students. The university provides a range of facilities within the university campus, separately for boys and girls. LPU understand that most of their students are moving away from home for the first time, so they strive to make the transition as smooth as possible. The university has a wide range of accommodation options. Campus entry is controlled by turnstile and there are CCTV surveillance cameras all round to ensure safety and security.

Xenacoelomorpha

Xenacoelomorpha is a proposed grouping of the xenoturbellids and acoelomorph flatworms, suggested by molecular data. It may be a member of the deuterostomes, and may be even more basal in the Bilateria.

Mark Farren

Mark Farren (1 May 1982 – 3 February 2016) was an Irish footballer. He played as a forward for Derry City. He was born in Donegal, Ireland. He played for Finn Harps F.C. from 2000 to 2001, Monaghan United F.C. from 2001 to 2003, Derry City F.C. from 2003 to 2012, and Glenavon F.C. from 2013 to 2014.

Farren died on 3 February 2016 of cancer. He was aged 33.

Alba Solís

Alba Solís (née Ángela Herminia Lamberti; 18 October 1927 – 3 February 2016) was an Argentine singer, actress and vedette. She was born in Buenos Aires. She was known for her roles in "La cigarra está que arde", "Estrellas de Buenos Aires", "De turno con la muerte" and "Escándalo nocturno".

Solís died in Buenos Aires on 3 February 2016 from heart failure. She was aged 88.


Leonel Marshall

Leonel Marshall Borges Jr. (born September 25, 1979 in Havana) is a Cuban volleyball player. He was a member of the Cuban men's national team in 1997–2002. Marshall is an outside hitter. He is well known for his outstanding vertical jump.


Balram Jakhar

Balram Jakhar (23 August 1923 – 3 February 2016) was an Indian politician. He was a member of parliament and served as Governor of Madhya Pradesh from June 2004 to June 2009. Before being governor, Jakhar was the 8th Speaker of the Lok Sabha, serving from January 1980 to November 1989. He was born in Punjab.

Jakhar died from complications of pneumonia on 3 February 2016. He died in Delhi. He was aged 92.


Henry Gibson

Henry Gibson (September 21, 1935 – September 14, 2009) was an American actor, singer and songwriter. He was best known as a cast member of "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", for his role as Haven Hamilton in "Nashville", for his recurring role as Judge Clark Brown on "Boston Legal", the Illinois Nazi leader in "The Blues Brothers" and as Bob Jenkins in "King of the Hill".


Saulius Sondeckis

Saulius Sondeckis (11 October 1928 – 3 February 2016) was a Lithuanian violinist, conductor, orchestra leader and professor. He founded the Lithuanian Chamber Orchestra in 1960 and was its artistic director and principal conductor until 2004. 

Sondeckis was born in Šiauliai, Lithuania. He studied at Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. Sondeckis died in Vilnius from a stroke on 3 February 2016. He was aged 87.

Amanda Crew

Amanda Crew (born June 5, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She acts in both movies and television. She played Julie Christensen in "Final Destination 3". She also played Wendy in "The Haunting in Connecticut".

Crew was born in Langley, British Columbia.

Luiz Felipe Lampreia

Luiz Felipe Palmeira Lampreia (19 October 1941 – 2 February 2016) was a Brazilian diplomat and sociologist. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Lampreia worked at as a professor at Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro. He served as chairman of the Industry Federation of the State of Rio de Janeiro. He created a blog during his later career called "O Globo".

Lampreia died in Rio de Janeiro from a heart attack on 2 February 2016. He was aged 74.

Mere Broughton

Mary Mereiwa Broughton (née Whakaruru, 24 December 1938 – 31 January 2016), known as Mere Broughton, was a New Zealand Māori language activist and unionist. She was born in Hastings, New Zealand.

In the 1970s and 1980s, she worked at Victoria University. She created Te Herenga Waka Marae with her husband, Te Huirangi Waikerepuru, and Wiremu Parker. At the university she became active in union affairs, in the Association of University Staff (now the TEU). In 2010, she became the TEUs first lifetime member. Broughton was on the Tekaumārua, the advisory board to the Māori King, Tuheitia Paki. In 2014, she was part of the New Zealand delegation that sent off the canoes of the Polynesian Voyaging Society, Hōkūle'a and Hikianalia.

Broughton died on 31 January 2016 at her home in Waitara. She died from heart failure. She was aged 79.

Kim Yong-nam

Kim Yong-nam (; born 4 February 1928) is a North Korean politician. He serves as President of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly. He was in this position from 1998 to 2019. Previously, he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1983 to 1998. He was elected a member of the Presidium of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK) in 2010.

Edward Babiuch

Edward Mikołaj Babiuch (; December 28, 1927 – February 1, 2021) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party, a Communist party. He was one of four deputy chairmen of the Polish Council of State from 1976 to 1980. Babiuch served as the Prime Minister of Poland in 1980, from February 18 to August 24 of that year.

Babiuch died in Warsaw on February 2, 2021 at the age of 93.

Final Destination 3

Final Destination 3 is a 2006 American horror movie. This is the third movie of the "Final Destination" series.

A high school student named Wendy Christensen visits an amusement park with her boyfriend Jason, best friend Carrie Dreyer and Carrie's boyfriend Kevin for their senior class field trip. When they board the Devil's flight roller coaster, Wendy has a premonition that the roller coaster will have an accident. When Wendy panics, a fight breaks out and several people leave or are forced off the ride. As they leave, the roller coaster goes off its tracks and kills the remaining passengers, including Carrie and Jason.


"Final Destination 3" was released on February 10, 2006 under New Line Cinema. The movie is rated R for violence, profanity and sexual situations.

The movie took in $19,173,094 on its opening weekend. Worldwide, it got $186,187,139.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 43% rating.

The movie was nominated at the 33rd Saturn Awards for Best Horror Film and Best DVD Special Edition Release.


Everton Weekes

Sir Everton DeCourcy Weekes, KCMG, GCM, OBE (26 February 1925 – 1 July 2020) was a cricket player for the West Indies. Along with Frank Worrell and Clyde Walcott, he formed what was known as "The Three Ws" of West Indian cricket. He was born in Saint Michael, Barbados.

Weekes began his career in 1948. He scored 88 and 117 runs (retired) and was selected for the tour. He played his first match for Barbados on 24 February 1945. He was aged 19 years; it was one day before his 20th birthday. The match was against Trinidad and Tobago at Queen's Park Oval, Port of Spain. Batting at number six, he scored 0 and eight runs. Barbados lost by ten wickets. He retired in 1958.

Weekes died on 1 July 2020 in Christ Church, Barbados at the age of 95.

Precognition

Precognition (also known as "premonition" or "second sight") is an alleged psychic ability to see events in the future. However, as with most other forms of extra-sensory perception, there is no evidence any person has ever had precognition ability. But it still appears within movies, books and discussions within the parapsychology community. 


CBRNE

CBRNE is an acronym for Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosive materials. These materials are very dangerous, and can hurt many people. When they are used on purpose, CBRNE materials are weapons of mass destruction. However, CBRNE events can also happen accidentally.

A report from the White House in 2011 said "there is no greater danger to the [United States] than a terrorist attack with a weapon of mass destruction." Because CBRNE weapons are so dangerous, countries around the world are working on preventing CBRNE attacks, and learning how to react to them if they do happen.

The main types of chemical weapons are:


International laws make it illegal to use chemical weapons. However, terrorists have ignored these laws. For example, in 1995, terrorists attacked the subway in Tokyo, Japan, with sarin.

The goal of biological weapons is to get as many people sick with infectious diseases as possible. Types of biological weapons include:

In 2001, a terrorist used a biological weapon against the United States by sending letters filled with anthrax through the mail to many different people. Ricin has also been sent through the mail as a biological attack.

A radiological weapon is any kind of weapon that spreads radiation. For example:

In 2006, Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian spy, was murdered when someone put polonium-210, a radioactive material, in his food.

The White House's report says that there is radiological material all around the world that is not guarded.

N is for Nuclear explosion. This can occur one of two ways Fissure and Fusion. Fissure occurs when an atom is spliced apart forming two new atoms. This causes a discharge of energy. Fusion on the other hand forces two atoms together. The process breaks apart the atoms and fuses them together. The reaction discharges energy. 
Many countries have tested nuclear weapons. World War II, the United States dropped two nuclear bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. 
In Hiroshima, the nuclear bomb destroyed of the city, and killed 60,000 to 80,000 people right away. More people later died from radiation sickness and cancer caused by radiation, so historians think about 135,000 people were killed by the one nuclear bomb that hit Hiroshima.

In Nagasaki, the nuclear bomb created about of heat, and winds as fast as . It killed somewhere between 39,000 and 80,000 people.

The United Nations later made the use of Nuclear weapons illegal which is largely due to the radiation that is brought along with as well as earthquakes and other natural disasters. While true to this day many countries still manufacture these weapons today.

E as in explosives stands for high-yield explosive. High-yield explosive is materials that rapidly release large amounts of energy and produce a pressure shock wave during detonation. 

High-Yield Explosions can occur in labs and hospitals that contain compressed gas. One highly explosive gas is Acetylene which is commonly found under pressure to containment and later use. There are types of liquids like Nitroglycerin that can be subjected to pressure explosion as well.

Examples of accidental CBRNE events include:

Derry, New Hampshire

Derry is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 34,317 at the 2020 census. Although it is a town and not a city, Derry is the fourth most-populous community in the state.

Mike Mansfield

Michael Joseph "Mike" Mansfield (March 16, 1903 – October 5, 2001) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served as a U.S. Representative (1943–1953) and a U.S. Senator (1953–1977) from Montana. He was the longest-serving Senate Majority Leader, serving from 1961 to 1977.

During his time, he led Great Society programs through the Senate and strongly opposed the Vietnam War.

After retiring from the Senate, Mansfield served as U.S. Ambassador to Japan from 1977 to 1988. On retiring as ambassador, he was awarded the nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom (1989). He won this in part for his role in the resignation of Republican President Richard Nixon. Mansfield is the longest-serving American ambassador to Japan in history.

After his ambassadorship, Mansfield served for a time as a senior adviser on East Asian affairs to Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street investment banking company.

Mansfield died of congestive heart failure in Washington, D.C. on October 5, 2001. He was aged 98.

Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors () is a South Korean football club from Jeollabuk-do.





Intervertebral disc

An intervertebral disc is a kind of padding between vertebrae in the vertebral column. They are shock absorbers in the spine, and are very important to the health of the spine. The disc is a fibrocartilaginous joint. It allows slight movement of the vertebrae, and acts as a ligament to hold the vertebrae together.

Discs have an outer fibrous ring, made up of both type I and type II collagen. Type I is concentrated towards the edge of the ring where it provides greater strength. The fibrous intervertebral disc contains the "nucleus pulposus" and this helps to distribute pressure evenly across the disc. 

The nucleus pulposus contains loose fibers suspended in a mucoprotein gel. The nucleus of the disc acts as a shock absorber, absorbing impacts and keeping the two vertebrae separated. It is the remnant of the notochord.

Spintronics

Spintronics is a kind of electronics that uses the tiny magnetic fields that come from electrons as well as their electric charge. The word "spintronics" is made up of the words "spin" and "electronics"

In atoms, electrons can be said to go around the nucleus of an atom and possess some spinning energy. They also have their own spin, like a spinning top, which is separate from the atom and they keep even when they are moving freely. There are two ways for something to spin, clockwise and anti-clockwise. In the tiny quantum world the terms 'up' or 'down' are used instead. 

The electron spin of large numbers of electrons plays a role as a source of the magnetism in permanent magnets. In most materials these spins are random in direction and so no magnetic field results. In normal electronics the flow of current in a wire can also be used to produce a magnetic field which is known as electromagnetism. Neither of these form a part of spintonics.

In spintronics the property of the spin of the electrons themselves is used directly. It makes use of the electrons in a solid metal or semiconductor.

In spintronics the electron spin of just a few electrons in a material are made to align in one direction by briefly applying a very large magnetic field. Even when the magnetic field is removed the electrons will remain aligned in their spins. This alignment will slowly fade away over time but will persist for a while.

Since these aligned spins produce a resultant magnet field they can be detected and even used to move the electrons. 

The deliberate moving of only those electrons with a certain spin can be used to store information and this technology has been called spintronics to distinguish it from conventional use of electrons in electronics which uses their electric charge only.

Spintronics is an area of research in which scientists are trying to make useful devices and are making progress. Some devices write the electron spin codes into the surface of a moving disk and others make them in sold transistor junctions as RAM. They promise a technology that could create faster and smaller electronic devices that use less energy.


Nawab of Awadh

The Nawab of Awadh or the Nawab of Oudh () was the title of the rulers who governed the state of Oudh or Awadh in India during the 18th and 19th centuries. The Nawabs of Awadh belonged to a dynasty of Qara-Qoyunlu origin from Nishapur. Saadat Khan (1722–1739) became the first Nawab of Awadh in 1722. He was a Mughal wazir and the founder of the state of Awadh.

Antioch College

Antioch College is a private, liberal arts college in Yellow Springs, Ohio, in the United States. Established in 1850 by the Christian Connection, the college began operating in 1852; politician and education expert Horace Mann became its first president. It was the founding, forming college of Antioch University, which Antioch College outlived until 2008. The College remained out of business for three years before being reestablished in 2011, and fully disconnected from the university as an independent institution by 2014.

The College has produced two Nobel Prize winners. José Ramos-Horta, the 1996 laureate for Peace, earned his Master of Arts in 1984. Mario Capecchi, the 2007 laureate for Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, earned his Bachelor of Science in 1961.

Keytar

A keytar is a musical instrument. It is shaped and held like a guitar, but has keys like a keyboard. Keytars are lightweight keyboards that have a strap that is put around the neck and shoulders. The instrument has a keyboard for playing musical notes and sounds. The earliest keytars were created around the 1970's. This picture of a keytar is one of the most popular keytars. Most popular keytars are seen with a red guitar neck and played in 1980 movies. first appeared in a magazine in 1980.

Melody Thomas Scott

Melody Ann Thomas Scott (b. April 18, 1956) is an American actress who acts in soap operas. She played Nikki Newman on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless". She also played Darlene Jarvis in "The Waltons" in the 1970s. She won awards for Outstanding Actress from the 17th Soap Opera Digest Awards for her act as Nikki Newman.

Thomas Scott started her career as a child actress. 

Thomas Scott was born in Los Angeles, California.

Show, don't tell

Show, don't tell is a type of writing technique used by authors. Instead of explaining a story, as in a summary, a writer makes the reader feel what is happening. It creates a picture of something in the reader's mind. When the reader gets a clear mental picture the story becomes more interesting. The technique is used in both fiction and non-fiction writing. 


In the first example, the author is telling what the character feels. In the second example, the author is allowing the reader to picture what the character was experiencing when she opened the door.

Good writing may involve both showing and telling. A scene shows the reader what is happening. It allows the reader to experience the action and emotions of the people in the story. A summary is often used between scenes to connect them together to create a story. Another use of summaries is in places where a part of the story needs to be brief. Showing takes more words than telling. Less important parts of a story are sometimes mentioned very briefly.

Marlow Cook

Marlow Webster Cook (July 27, 1926 – February 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the United States Senator from Kentucky from December 17, 1968 to December 27, 1974. He was born in Akron, New York.

Cook died in Sarasota, Florida on February 4, 2016. He died from complications of a heart attack. He was aged 89.

Joe Alaskey

Joseph Francis "Joe" Alaskey (April 17, 1952 – February 3, 2016) was an American actor, impressionist, stand-up comedian and voice actor. He was known for voicing Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Sylvester the Cat, Tweety and other characters from Warner Bros. cartoons. He voiced Plucky Duck on "Tiny Toon Adventures" from 1990 to 1995.

Alaskey won an Emmy Award in 2004.

Alaskey was the second actor to voice Grandpa Lou Pickles on "Rugrats". He voiced Lou again in the "Rugrats" spin-off series, "All Grown Up!" and all three movies. He also voiced Stinkie in "Casper".

Alaskey died in Green Island, New York from cancer on February 3, 2016. He was aged 63.


Abe Waddington

Abe Waddington (4 February 1893 – 28 October 1959) was an English professional cricket player. He played for Yorkshire. He played two Test matches for England in 1920 and 1921. He also played football for Halifax Town.

Tweety

Tweety (or Tweety Bird) is a fictional character from "Looney Tunes". He is a yellow canary. He has also appeared in comic books. He was voiced by Mel Blanc. He is mainly known for saying “I tought I taw a puddy tat”, which is a babyish way of saying that he saw a cat. This cat is usually Sylvester, who tries to eat Tweety. 

Maurice White

Maurice White (December 19, 1941 – February 4, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter, musician, record producer, arranger and bandleader. He was the founder of the band Earth, Wind & Fire. He was also the older brother of current Earth, Wind & Fire member Verdine White, and former member Fred White. His career began in 1961. He retired in 2014 due to his health.

White was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He was raised in Memphis and in Chicago, Illinois. 

White served as the band's main songwriter and record producer, and was co-lead singer (along with Philip Bailey). White won seven Grammys, and was nominated for 21 Grammys in total.

White died in his sleep on February 4, 2016 from complications of Parkinson's disease. He died at his home in Los Angeles. He was aged 74.


Katie Ledecky

Kathleen Genevieve Ledecky (born March 17, 1997) is an American competition swimmer. At the 2012 Olympics in London, she won the gold medal in the 800-meter freestyle. At the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she won four gold medals.

At the world championships in 2013 in Barcelona, Spain, and the 2015 world championships in Kazan, Russia, she won 9 gold medals in total. She has broken a world record 13 times, in the 400-meter, 800-meter, and 1500-meter freestyle.

Ledecky was born in Washington, D.C.

Peter Barry

Peter Barry (10 August 1928 – 26 August 2016) was an Irish politician and businessman. He was from Cork city. He was a member of Fine Gael. He was a Teachta Dála (TD; member of parliament) from 1969 to 1997, and Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1987. He helped negotiate the Anglo-Irish Agreement. In 1987, he served for a short time as Tánaiste (deputy prime minister).

Chalice

A chalice is a cup that has a footed part on the bottom. It is used in some religious ceremonies for drinking. 


Max Kaur

Max Kaur (born December 9, 1969 in Tallinn) is an Estonian politician. He is a member of the Centre Party. He was Mayor of Mustvee 2013-2017. Since 2018 he is a Jõhvi municipality vice-governor. Since 2019 he is a Mayor of Johvi.

Max Kaur studied law at Moscow International Independent University of Environmental and Political Sciences (IIUEPS), LL.B., and economics at Saint Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics, MS in Economics. He earned his PhD in 2013 from Saint Petersburg State University of Economics.

Max Kaur was counsellor of the Mayor of Tallinn, Edgar Savisaar from 2002 to 2005. He was vice-mayor of Maardu from 2005 to 2006. Max Kaur was first elected to Tallinn City Council in the Estonian local elections 2009. He was elected Mayor of Mustvee in April 2013. He was re-elected in December 2013.

He was a founder and leader of the Estonian social movement against gambling. He is an author of the idea to create a unique sculpture in Tallinn against addiction.

IOS 9

iOS 9 (codenamed "Monarch") is a version of iOS released on September 16, 2015. iOS 9 added many things to make the operating system better. Some of the things it added were a new News application, updates to the Notes and Map applications, and improvements to Siri and the Spotlight feature. For the iPad, iOS 9 also added a split screen feature. The current version of iOS 9 is iOS 9.3.6.

Dave Mirra

David Michael "Dave" Mirra (April 4, 1974 – February 4, 2016) was an American BMX athlete. He was also a driver for Subaru Rally Team USA. He was born in Chittenango, New York.

Mirra held the record for most X-Games medals until being passed by Bob Burnquist at X Games Munich in 2013. Mirra has won medals in every X Games from when they started in 1995 up to 2008. He has won a total of 24 medals at the X Games. In 2008, he placed second in BMX Big Air and third in Rally Car Racing at the X Games.

He was known mainly as a vert ramp and park rider. He rode and was sponsored by Haro Bikes from the mid 1990s. He later started his own bike company, and rode those instead. In 2004, Mirra appeared on an episode of "George Lopez". Mirra was a member of the team which won the 2014 Race Across America Four-Person Male (Under 50) category.

He also was the host for two seasons of MTV's "Real World/Road Rules Challenge."

Mirra and his wife, Lauren, had two daughters. In 2010, Mirra was sick with bacterial meningitis. After he recovered, he went back to rallying.

On February 4, 2016, Mirra died of suicide by a gunshot wound in Greenville, North Carolina. Police answering an emergency call found his body in a truck. He had been visiting friends in the area. Allen Thomas, the mayor of Greenville, said Mirra was "a great friend and wonderful human being". He was 41 years old.

Signe Toly Anderson

Signe Toly Anderson (September 15, 1941 – January 28, 2016) was an American singer. She was one of the founding members of the American rock band Jefferson Airplane. Anderson was born in Seattle, Washington.

Anderson died from complications of COPD at her home in Beaverton, Oregon. She was aged 74.


Property (disambiguation)

Property is the ownership of land, resources, objects, or intellectual property.

The word property can have several other meanings:


Theatrical property

A property, commonly shortened to prop (plural: props), is any object used in performing arts during a performance. They are used on the stage in theatre, and on the screen by actors in movies and television. A prop is anything on a stage or a set that is able to be moved. It is different from the scenery, costumes and production equipment.

Anything that is used but is not part of the scenery (the set) is a prop, e.g., furniture, a book that an actor pretends to read, a pipe that they smoke. Food appearing in the production is also a prop.

Props are looked after by a properties master. Sometimes, for small things like books or fans, it is the actor who is responsible for making sure he has the prop. This is called a "personal prop".

People have been accidentally killed by props. One case is from 2021.


Material property

In science, a property is anything that describes a material or substance. It is a characteristic of that material. For example, how hard the material is, its colour, or its shape. Elasticity is a property of rubber; in other words: rubber is elastic. A property may be a constant (always the same) or it may only appear when something changes, such as temperature.

Chemical properties include things like surface tension, pH, reactivity, allotropy. Conductivity is how able a material is to transport electric charge or heat.



Approximation theory

Approximation theory is a field of mathematics which is concerned with approximating the values of a function. Usually, the approximation is only needed for a range of values or domain. A good approximation will only have a small error in the domain of interest.

There are different ways in which this approximation is done: common ones are using a combination of simpler functions or using polynomials. 


Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja

Bad Dudes Vs. Dragon Ninja is a video game created in 1988 by the company Data East. It was originally made for arcades. It was popular as an arcade game.

It is an action game with good charts and sound. There is a boss at the end of each level. In the last level all the bosses confront the player one by one. After they are all defeated, the Dragon Boss appears.

Mark B

Mark Barnes (1970 – 1 January 2016) also known as Mark B, was a British hip-hop record producer. He was most active in the 1990s and early 2000s. He worked with Task Force and Blade on many of his records. Barnes was a disc jockey for Jazz Fudge Recordings for much of his career. Mark B first signed with Jazz Fudge in 1995. He produced some tracks for DJ Vadim's U.S.S.R. albums. His first individual album was "Underworld Connection", released in 1997. He died in January 2016.


Killer Mike

Michael Santiago Render (born April 20, 1975), better known by his stage name Killer Mike, is an American rapper, activist, and occasional actor. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the founder of Grind Time Official Records. 

Mike was first heard on "Snappin' and Trappin, a song from the hip hop duo OutKast's album "Stankonia" (2000). He later appeared on the Grammy-winning song "The Whole World", a single from OutKast's greatest hits album "Big Boi and Dre Present...OutKast".

In December 2008, Mike signed to T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records. In 2012, he released "R.A.P. Music", produced by rapper and producer El-P. In 2013, the two formed a duo called Run the Jewels. The two signed to Fool's Gold Records and released "Run the Jewels" in June of that year.

Killer Mike is a member of the Democratic Party. He supports Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. After introducing Sanders at a rally held in Atlanta November 23, 2015, Mike spent time recording an interview with the presidential candidate. Mike released his interview with Bernie Sanders as a six-part video series the following month.


Kristine Miller

Kristine Miller (June 13, 1925 – late 2015) was an American movie actress. She was known for her appearances in film noir and Western movies. She appeared in "I Walk Alone" (1948) with Lizabeth Scott and Burt Lancaster, "Jungle Patrol" (1948), "Too Late for Tears" (1949), "Shadow on the Wall" (1950), and the television series "Stories of the Century" (1954–55).

Miller was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, to a Danish father and an American mother. She was raised in the United States (in New Orleans, Fresno, Long Island, New York and San Francisco) and in Copenhagen in Denmark. Miller studied at San Francisco State College. She was married to William Schuyler from 1953 until his death in 2013. They had two daughters.

Miller died in late 2015 in a hospital from congestive heart failure in Monterey, California. She was aged 90. Her death was announced on February 4, 2016.


Sweet Hearts Dance

Sweet Hearts Dance is a 1988 American comedy drama movie directed by Robert Greenwald. It was written by Ernest Thompson. It is about two small-town couples, one married for several years and the other at the beginning of their relationship. It stars Don Johnson, Susan Sarandon, Jeff Daniels, and Elizabeth Perkins. 

It was filmed in Hyde Park, Vermont. The mayor of Burlington and future United States senator Bernie Sanders had a cameo appearance in the movie. It was released on September 23, 1988 to mixed reviews. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie two out of four stars.

Robert Shapiro (lawyer)

Robert Leslie Shapiro (born September 2, 1942) is an American civil lawyer of Jewish descent. He is a senior partner in the law firm Glaser Weil Fink Jacobs Howard Avchen & Shapiro, LLP, which is based in Los Angeles.

Shapiro was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and Loyola Law School.

Shapiro is known for being part of the team which successfully defended O. J. Simpson in 1995 from the charges that he murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman in 1994. Shortly after the O. J. Simpson trial, Shapiro moved his practice away from criminal defense toward the civil litigation arena.

He is also the voice of, and pictured in, the television commercials for the LegalZoom company he co-founded.

Laramie

Laramie may refer to.



Blood agent

A blood agent is a poisonous chemical. A blood agent makes it impossible for a person's blood to hold oxygen and bring it to the rest of the body. Every part of the body needs oxygen to survive. Blood agents can cause life-threatening symptoms like seizures or coma, which happen because the brain is not getting enough oxygen. In high enough doses, blood agents can make a person suffocate.

When they are used on purpose to kill many people, blood agents are weapons of mass destruction (WMDs).

The most common types of blood agents are chemical compounds that include cyanide. However, other blood agents are based on arsenic.

There are many different blood agents. Below is some information about the blood agents that are most likely to be used as weapons of mass destruction:

All of these chemicals are colorless, except for phosgene. Phosgene gas is colorless, but liquid phosgene is a very light yellow.

According to a book on the history of chemical weapons, the most toxic and effective blood agents are hydrogen cyanide and phosgene; followed by cyanogen and arsine; then cyanogen chloride; and finally vinyl arsine.

Usually, the bloodstream carries oxygen from the air we breathe to the entire body. The cells in the body need oxygen to survive, and they also need to get rid of carbon dioxide. (Carbon dioxide is left over when cells make energy; too much of it is poisonous.) Usually, cells pick up oxygen from the bloodstream, and send carbon dioxide out into the bloodstream. This is called gas exchange.

Blood agents prevent gas exchange. They keep oxygen from getting into the body's cells. Without oxygen, cells die. If a person gets a high enough dose of a blood agent, they will suffocate because the oxygen they breathe in cannot get into the body's cells.

"Exposure" means that a chemical touched or got into a person's body. That person has been "exposed" to the chemical. Most people who are exposed to blood agents breathe in or swallow the chemical. This can happen accidentally or on purpose.

For example, there are cyanide compounds in cigarette smoke and in smoke from many building fires. Also, cyanide compounds and arsine are used in pesticides. Most exposures to arsine happen accidentally to people who work around these chemicals.

Usually, when blood agents are used as a weapon of mass destruction, they are sprayed into the air, so people will inhale them.

When a person is exposed to a blood agent, their symptoms will depend on a few things:

If a person is exposed to a small amount of a blood agent, their symptoms may not be life-threatening. For example, they may get confused, feel very tired, or have a headache, nausea, and vomiting.
However, if a person is exposed to a high dose of a blood agent, they can have much more serious symptoms, including:

Blood agents act very quickly. If a person gets a high enough dose, they will start having these symptoms just a few seconds after being exposed. They can die in minutes - or even seconds - from respiratory failure.

There are a few different antidotes to cyanide poisoning. The cyanide antidote kit used most often in the United States includes three medications: amyl nitrite and sodium nitrite, which attach to cyanide and change it to a less dangerous chemical, and sodium thiosulfate, which turns cyanide into a harmless chemical that a person can urinate out.

A form of vitamin B that is made by bacteria, called hydroxocobalamin, is also an antidote to cyanide. It changes cyanide into regular vitamin B.

There are no antidotes for arsine or phosgene. Medical professionals can only give "supportive care," which means they can only treat arsine poisoning's symptoms. For example, they can give oxygen through a mask; give medications for cardiac arrhythmias; and do dialysis for kidney failure.

The first blood agent to be used as a weapon of mass destruction was phosgene. Phosgene was first used by the German Army to attack the British Army in 1915. After that, phosgene was used often during World War I. Countries on both sides of the war - including Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States - used phosgene to attack enemy soldiers. Often they mixed it with chlorine, with the goal of killing more people. Phosgene caused about 85% of the 100,000 deaths caused by poison gas during the war (a total of about 85,000 deaths).

In 1919, the British Royal Air Force dropped arsenic gas on Bolshevik soldiers during the Russian Civil War.

Phosgene was also used often by the Imperial Japanese Army against China during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945).

During the Holocaust, the Nazis used a form of hydrogen cyanide called Zyklon B to kill people in the gas chambers at their death camps and concentration camps.

After nerve gases were discovered, blood agents were not used as much. However, in the 1980s, Iraq used cyanogen chloride against Iran in the Iran-Iraq War.

Starting in 1924, the United States has used hydrogen cyanide in gas chambers to execute prisoners who were given the death penalty. Most states now use other ways of executing people. However, execution by hydrogen cyanide is still legal in six states.


Tunguska event

Tunguska event is the name for a very large mid-air explosion that occurred on 30 June 1908 in Siberia. Most eyewitnesses talk about one or more explosions that happened around 7:15 a.m. local time. The cause of these explosions is unknown, but a meteorite impact has been suggested as a likely cause. About around the place where the event happened, trees were uprooted. In Wanwara, a small settlement, about away, windows and doors were smashed. It is estimated, that in an area of about , the trees were uprooted. Over away, bright light was seen, and an earthquake was felt. 

There are no reports of people who have died. This is attributed to the fact that almost no people lived in the area, at the time. Depending on the source, there were one or two casualties.

Today, it is believed that the event happened about above ground, at 0:14 UTC (7:14 a.m. local time).

What happened is called air burst today. At the time, the energy involved was estimated to be between 10 and 30 megatons of TNT, depending on the height in which the air burst happened. Simulations that have been done with modern computers have found that the energy involved was probably between 3 and 5 megatons of TNT. Taking 15 megatons, this would mean that the energy involved was 1.000 times that of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, in 1945. The shock wave is considered to be that of an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.0 on the Richter scale. The explosion registered at seismic stations across Eurasia, and air waves from the blast were detected in Germany, Denmark, Croatia, and the United Kingdom – and as far away as modern-day Jakarta, Indonesia, and Washington, D.C. For a few days after the event, night skies in Asia and Europe were aglow. There are reports of brightly lit photographs being successfully taken at midnight (without the aid of flashbulbs) in Sweden and Scotland. One explanation of this glow is that light passed through ice particles at a high altitude, that had formed at low temperatures during the explosion. Decades later, Space Shuttles reported similar findings. In the United States, a Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory program at the Mount Wilson Observatory in California observed a months-long decrease in atmospheric transparency consistent with an increase in suspended dust particles. 

For these reasons, the Tunguska event is considered the largest impact event on Earth in recorded history. 

At first, there was no interest in the event. Over a decade after the event, Leonid Kulik, a Russian mineralogist led an expedition to the area. In his expedition of 1921 and 1922, he only got to Kansk, which is away from the "epicenter" of the event. In 1927, Kulik reached the region where the event happened, in 1938 he ordered aerial photos be taken.

Kulik's expedition is the first recorded expedition to the area. Since then, there were many expeditions; over 1,000 articles have been published on the event; most of them are in Russian language.

There were two other expeditions to the area: one in 1958, the other in 1963.

Today, there is no definite explanation for what caused the explosions, or for what happened. There are different theories, though.

A meteorite hit the area. The most probable is an asteroid or comet of low density, and a diameter of between and . The object exploded in a height of 7 to 14 km above ground; for this reason there is no impact crater. The problem with this theory is that meteorites of this type usually do not reach low levels of the atmosphere. Meteoroids, which contain more iron have a higher chance of reaching low levels of the atmosphere, but they do not cause such devastating explosions. 

Lake Cheko is a small freshwater lake, about from the center of the event. The lake does not show on maps of the area which are older than about 1928. Before 1908, it seems to be unknown. The lake is shaped roughly like a rectangle; it is 708 metres long, 364 m wide, and about 50 m deep. In 1999, Luca Gasperini did a study on the sediments in the lake, and found that the lake predates the event of 1908. In 2007, National Geographic cites him as he states that it is possible the lake formed as an impact crater.This is argued upon due to the spread of trees, that were destroyed from the mostly agreed upon meteorite explosion.

The other theory is that the event has a geophysical cause: About 10 million tons of natural gas exploding would have the effect that was observed. The problem with this theory is that eyewitnesses spoke of a very bright light that could be seen from very far away. A natural gas explosion does not produce a bright light. 

Grand jury

A grand jury is a legal body which has the power to conduct official proceedings to investigate possible criminal conduct. They also decide whether criminal charges should be brought. A grand jury may subpoena evidence and may compel the sworn testimony of witnesses who appear before it. Grand juries are made up of from 16 to 23 people in the United States. They meet for a period of one month up to a year. However, jurors may only have to meet for a few days each month. The juries meet in private. The suspected person, called a suspect, is not usually present. About half the states in the US do not regularly use grand juries. A preliminary hearing may be used instead. The Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution requires the use of grand juries by the federal legal system for all capital and "infamous crimes" (cases involving treason, certain felonies or gross moral turpitude).

In 1166 an enactment of King Henry II of England, called the Assize of Clarendon, called for "the oath of *twelve men from every hundred and four men from every vill" to meet and decide who was guilty of robbery, theft or murder. It was the early ancestor of the jury system and of the grand jury. The United Kingdom abolished grand juries in 1933. Many of their former colonies including 
Canada, Australia and New Zealand have also stopped using them. The United States is one of the few remaining countries that uses the grand jury. 

Grand juries are called by a federal judge and are required to supervise them. But judges almost never interfere. The grand jury is led by a federal prosecutor. He cannot testify or be present while the jury deliberates. But most federal grand juries will return any indictment presented to it. This led to the famous saying "a prosecutor can get a grand jury to indict a ham sandwich." They can subpoena anything they want with very few restrictions. In United States v. R. Enterprises, Inc., 498 U.S. 292 (1991), the Supreme Court of the United States ruled "federal grand jury subpoenas are presumed to be reasonable and the burden of showing unreasonableness is on the recipient."

A grand jury, state or federal, has two functions. The first is to go over all evidence of criminal wrongdoing and to issue an indictment only if there is enough evidence. Their other purpose is to investigate and help the prosecutor gather evidence. Critics claim grand juries have failed to do both.


Vault (gymnastics)

A vault is an apparatus that male and female gymnasts perform on. A vault is included in gymnastics competitions such as the olympics. The gymnasts first run before they flip on the vault. Either the male or female gymnast perform a flip in the air and land on the floor. When the gymnast lands on the floor, he or she has to be in balance.

Early forms of the vault were invented by German Friedrich Ludwig Jahn. The apparatus itself originated as a "horse", much like the pommel horse but without the handles. It was sometimes called a "vaulting horse". The horse was set up with its long side perpendicular to the run for women, and parallel for men. The vaulting horse was the apparatus used in the Olympics for over a century It began with the 1896 Summer Olympics and ending with the Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Following a number of problems, International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) changed the apparatus. They did it for both safety reasons and for better acrobatics. The 2001 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships were the first international competition to make use of the "vaulting table". This was an apparatus made by Dutch gymnastics equipment company Janssen-Fritsen since the mid-1990s. It features a flat, larger, and more cushioned surface almost parallel to the floor. It slopes downward at the end closest to the springboard. Gymnasts nicknamed it the "tongue".

Web design

Web design is a profession where a person designs a web page or a web site. The web page can have graphics, music, animations, and many other things on it. Some web design is done for businesses, and some is done for individual people. Some web designs are used a lot and have standard templates that are free for people to use.

The creation of websites and pages for an original product, data, and user-friendliness is referred to as web design. If you're creating a website, a mobile app, or updating material on a web page, appearance and design are essential components. You can apply for jobs where your creativity can assist a company better its brand, message, and bottom line by improving your web design skills.

The two most popular web design methods are adaptable and responsive. With responsive design, the layout of the website is designed around standard screen sizes.

According to the size of the screen, content is dynamically shifted in responsive design. Based on the needs and objectives of their customer or company, web designers utilize different parts of the overall web design process to implement these design strategies.

People who design web pages are called web designers. Web designers use HTML or Dynamic HTML ("DHTML"), Cascading Style Sheets ("CSS"), JavaScript, and many other technologies to make their pages. Web designers can make their pages on the Internet using website building software, or offline on their computer. Web designers in the United States of America can earn between $31,650 and $69,510 a year, with a median salary of $46,327.

Web design and includes layouts, colors, graphics, fonts, and content.

The design of your website can either make or break the business you're trying to deliver. It really makes a difference how your target audience sees your business or organization and potentially turns them into your customers. When a company has a well-designed website, it's easier to get more customer conversions. This is because a well-designed website uses its features to lead consumers directly to what they need without distraction. So its very important to have a well-designed website in this Digital era.

There are several types of web designs, including:


Here are the key elements to consider when designing a website, both UX (User Experience) and UI (User Interface) play vital roles in creating an effective and engaging user experience.

User Experience (UX):


User Interface (UI):

Micro interactions: Consider small, subtle animations or micro interactions that provide feedback or add delight to user interactions. They can improve the overall user experience and make it more engaging.

These different types of web designs can be combined or adapted to create unique and effective websites that meet the needs of the target audience.

A website is nothing but a bunch of web pages, which are made up of web pages with the help of a web designing process. Designing a web page is of great importance, as it forms the base for a website. It serves as a foundation on which the other pages of a website rest. 

It is carried out by web designers and developers. which is based on a set of coding languages and concepts. These coding languages and concepts are known as the languages of web designing and the terminologies are known as the web designing terminologies.

Dallas McKennon

Dallas Raymond McKennon (July 19, 1919 – July 14, 2009), sometimes credited as Dal McKennon, was an American actor. He had many roles as a voice actor in a career lasting over 50 years. His best-known roles were that of Gumby for Art Clokey, Archie Andrews for Filmation's "Archie" series, and the main voice of Buzz Buzzard in the "Woody Woodpecker" cartoons.





Show Don't Tell

"Show Don't Tell" is a 1989 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the leading single from their 13th studio album "Presto". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

Music by Lifeson, Peart, and Lee. Lyrics by Peart.

US release:

Canadian release:

Jefferson City

Jefferson City is the name of three places in the United States:

Albany County

Albany County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Sussex County

Sussex County may refer to:

In Australia

In the United States:

Kent County

Kent County may refer to:





Sten Mk II

The Sten Mk II was the main submachine gun of the British military in World War II. 

Early in the war, the US lent many weapons to the British to fight German forces, including the Thompson submachine gun. However, since the Thompson was expensive to make in large numbers, the British made a submachine gun of their own, that would be cheap and quick to make. This was the Sten Mk II.

The weapon was only made of 47 parts, making it relatively fast to put together and take apart and therefore easy to ship and hide. This feature made it popular among resistance fighters, including the Free French. 

It was also the first SMG to have a silencer made for it, making it useful for stealth and surprise. However, due to its low quality, it was not a very reliable weapon as it tended to jam very frequently and fire entire magazines without pulling the trigger. 

It is stated that British soldiers who captured German MP-40 would often abandon the Sten and fight using the MP-40 instead. The switch was not difficult since both weapons fired the same type of bullet, the 9x19mm Parabellum, with the same type of magazines (which meant that they could use the enemy's ammunition to load their Stens or vice versa).

Hughes County

Hughes County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Thompson submachine gun

The Thompson submachine gun, also known as the Tommy gun, was an early submachine gun design. It was popular among soldiers, police, and civilians alike. It was invented by Brigadier General John T. Thompson at the end of World War I as a "trench-boom" weapon, or a weapon that could clear out trenches very quickly. The war ended before the submachine gun could be used in battle. In 1919, Brigadier General Thompson had the company he founded, Auto-Ordnance Company, modify the gun for civilian use. The gun was classified as a submachine gun, meaning a small, fully automatic, hand-held gun that fires pistol ammunition. It remains an iconic firearm that is very popular with collectors. It fires .45 ACP caliber bullets, an effective and accurate combat bullet against human targets.


In 1882, John T. Thompson entered the United States Army. During the Spanish–American War he made a reputation for himself making sure ammunition got to the front lines. This was at a time of almost complete chaos in the army supply system. He later played a part in developing two important American military weapons. These were the M1903 Springfield rifle and the M1911 pistol. In 1916 Auto-Ordnance was started with Thompson holding the majority of shares. Designed for use in World War I, the gun was first called "The Annihilator I" (Thompson nicknamed it a trench broom) could fire 20 rounds per second. The first cases of the new submachine gun arrived on the docks for shipment on November 11, 1918; the same day the war ended. Thompson and Auto-Ordnance began developing the gun for civilian markets. In 1921 the first model, called the M1921, was produced.

In 1921, the Colt Patent Firearms Company made 15,000 Thompson submachine guns for Auto-Ordinance at a cost of $38.25 each. These were called the “Model 1921A”. This model weighed and had an effective range (distance it was accurate) of . General Thompson tried to sell his gun to European countries with little success. He tried selling it in the US but sales were slow. In 1926 he got orders from the United States Postal Service and the United States Marine Corps. The Marines used the guns during the Banana Wars. It worked well to counter ambushes by Nicaraguan guerrillas. The Irish Republican Army used them in 1921 during the last part of the Irish War of Independence. They were not impressed by the fact they could only kill about 32 percent of those they fired at. Others who bought his submachine gun included Law enforcement agencies and ranchers. Organized crime quickly found uses for the gun. Later, the United States Navy ordered 1,500.

The US military began using the weapon in 1938 and used it throughout World War II. There were two variants used. The model M1928A1 could use either stick or drum magazines, it had a muzzle brake (to counter the gun's tendency to rise when fired) and had Cooling fins (to counter the barrel of the gun getting too hot). The M1A1 model had no cooling fins, could only use the stick magazines and had a simplified sight. It was used by all the allies during the war. The main problem of the Thompson submachine gun was it was complex and expensive to manufacture. It was also heavy at about loaded. It had to be kept very clean or it would misfire. But soldiers liked the weapon. It was a favorite of British and Australian soldiers. In the US military it was carried by squad leaders and officers. In the heavy jungles in the Pacific War, it sounded dangerously like the Japanese light machine guns causing some confusion on both sides. When the US developed the M3 submachine gun, also called the "grease gun", it was much lighter, cheaper to make and had a slower rate of fire. Most soldiers who had Thompsons were very slow to give them up in favor of the less well-liked grease gun. 

It was used during the Korean War and later during the Vietnam War. The Thompson submachine gun was retired in 1971 after 33 years of service. 

The Thompson was used in the Arab–Israeli conflict, the Cuban Revolution and in the Northern Ireland conflict (1969–1998. The gun continues to be produced today, with many countries around the world still using it. Over 1,700,000 Thompson submachine guns have been made.


Philip Bailey

Philip James Bailey (born May 8, 1951) is an American singer-songwriter, percussionist and actor. He was one of the lead singers (along with group founder Maurice White) of the band Earth, Wind & Fire. He has won seven Grammy Awards. He has released ten albums, including "Chinese Wall". He also performed the duet "Easy Lover" with Phil Collins.

Bailey was born in Denver, Colorado. He has been married twice and has six children.


.45 ACP

The .45 ACP (Automatic Colt Pistol) or 45 Auto (11.43×23mm) is a type of bullet, made to be used in the M1911 pistol used by the U.S. Military. It was first made by John Browning in 1904, the "ACP" in the name stands for "Automatic Colt Pistol". It was the standard for handguns in the U.S. military until they switched to the Beretta M9 (Beretta 92) in 1985 that used a smaller caliber 9mm bullet.

The .45 is famous for being the bullet used in the M1911 and for being the choice of the U.S. Military for their pistols for almost 75 years. The .45 ACP has good stopping power because of the large size of the bullet, a .45 ACP bullet is almost half an inch. When shot at human targets, the .45 ACP bullet makes a big hole that causes blood loss and leads to faster death. 

It was used for guns like the M1911, the Thompson submachine gun, the M3 Grease Gun, the USP45, the UMP45, the TDI Kriss Super V, the MAC-10, and many other guns.

John Jenkins (composer)

John Jenkins (1592–1678) was an English composer. He became famous for writing music for small groups for amateurs and gentlemen to perform in their houses. He performed at court for King Charles I. After the Restoration he was appointed as a court musician.

He is best known for his consort music for viols, mainly fantasias. About 800 of his works have survived.

Minik Wallace

Minik Wallace (also called Mene ; about 1890 – 29 October 1918) was an Inuit from Greenland. He was brought to New York City as a child in 1897, by the explorer Robert Peary. His father and four others were also brought. The six of them were studied by staff at the American Museum of Natural History, which was given custody of them. Most of them died soon after arriving. 

Minik was a member of the Inughuit, the northernmost group of Inuit in Greenland. His father was named Qisuk. They met Peary when the explorer employed men from the Inughuit during several expeditions into the Arctic. Peary asked some of them to come with him to New York. Six of them agreed, including Qisuk and Minik. Peary did not tell them about the real purpose of the trip. Some agreed to travel to see new places; others did not want to be separated from relatives. Peary promised them that they would be able to return to Greenland. Soon after their arrival, the group became the objects of study. The museum staff had not made plans for their care, nor for their return.

Soon after arriving in New York, most of the Inuit contracted the disease tuberculosis. Three adults and one child died, including Minik's father. A fourth adult survived and was returned to Greenland. Minik was the only one left. William Wallace, the curator of the museum, adopted Minik. Minik pleaded for a proper Inuit burial for his father. The museum staff wanted to preserve Qisuk's body for study. They made a fake body and put it in a coffin. They staged a fake burial so that Minik would think he was burying his father.

The museum put the skeleton on display. In about 1906, a story was published in local newspapers that stated Qisuk's skeleton was displayed in the museum. Minik was told about it by his classmates at school. He then asked that his father's bones be given to him for traditional burial. Wallace supported Minik in this, but the museum denied that they had the body. Minik was never able to reclaim his father's bones.

Minik returned to Greenland in 1910, with the help of Peary. He came back to the United States in 1916. He lived and worked there until dying of influenza in the pandemic of 1918.

Kenn Harper wrote a book about Minik in 1986. The book was called "Give Me My Father's Body". Harper spent several years trying to persuade the Museum of Natural History to return the remains of the four Inuit to Greenland. He succeeded in 1993. The bodies were buried in a funeral in Qaanaaq. Minik is buried in a cemetery in Pittsburg, New Hampshire.


Shaolin

Shaolin may refer to:


Social spider

A social spider is a species of spider which lives in a group. Most spiders are solitary, but a few species in tropical habitats live in large groups. 

This social organisation has evolved independently a number of times. At least 23 species in eight families are known.

These spiders have not developed a caste system, and so they are not classed as eusocial. The first one was discovered over a century ago by Eugène Simon (30 April 1848 – 17 November 1924). This French naturalist described over 4,000 species of spider.

Fayetteville

Fayetteville is the name several places in the United States.



Fayette

Fayette is the name of several places in the United States.



Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks

The Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks are the sports teams that play for the University of Louisiana at Monroe. There are 16 teams.

Luger

The Luger was a German semi-automatic pistol that was introduced in 1908. It was the first pistol to use the 9x19mm Parabellum bullet. Its magazines hold eight cartridges.

Technically, it was and is held in high esteem. The workmanship was top-class, and its performance was highly respected. The Luger was eventually replaced by the Walther P38 officially, but there were still many German soldiers and officers who used the Luger during World War II.

FedEx Express

FedEx Express is an international cargo airline and delivery service. It has a hub in Memphis, Tennessee, in the United States. FedEx Express is part of FedEx Corporation.

Hui people

The Hui people (, Xiao'erjing: , , ) are an East Asian ethnoreligious group. They are mostly Chinese-speaking muslims who live in China. They live mostly in the northwestern provinces of the country and in the Zhongyuan region. As of the 2011 census, China is home to about 10.5 million Hui people. Most of Hui people are Chinese-speaking Muslims. The 110,000 Dungan people of Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan are also part of the Hui ethnicity.

They have a connection with Islamic culture. For example, as Muslims, they follow Islamic dietary laws and do not eat pork. Pork is the most commonly eaten meat in China. They hve created their own version of Chinese cuisine. Hui clothing is different from that of the Han Chinese. Some men wear white caps (taqiyah) and some women wear headscarves, This is the case in many Islamic cultures.

The Hui people are one of 56 ethnic groups recognized by China. The government says the Hui people include all Muslim communities that are not included in China's other ethnic groups. They are seperate from other Muslim groups such as the Uyghurs. The Hui mostly speak Chinese. There are some Arabic and Persian phrases in their speach. The Hui ethnic group is not associated with a non-Sinitic language.

The Hui people are more concentrated in Ningxia, Gansu, Qinghai and Xinjiang) in Northwestern China. Communities exist across the country.

Many Hui are clerics, interpreters, jewelers, tea traders, tanners, butchers, caravaneers, cavalrymen, shepherd, innkeeper, restauranteers and jade carvers.

Du Wenxiu's father was Han.


Greenville

Greenville is the name of several places:





Cerebrospinal fluid

Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) bathes and protects the central nervous system (the brain and the spinal cord). "Cerebro" means "brain"; "spinal" is a short version of "spinal cord"; and fluid is a liquid.

CSF is made by networks of blood vessels called choriod plexuses in each of the brain's four ventricles.

CSF flows through the subarachnoid space – the space between the two layers of meninges that are closest to the brain (the arachnoid layer and the pia mater). CSF also fills the brain's ventricles, and flows down the middle of the spinal cord (the "central canal").

CSF is created from blood plasma (the liquid part of blood), so CSF's contents are very similar to plasma's. CSF is 99% water. It carries:

There should be very few white blood cells in the CSF, or none at all. There should be no red blood cells in the CSF.

Being surrounded by CSF helps the brain float inside the skull, like a buoy in water. Because the brain is surrounded by fluid, it floats like it weighs only 2% of what it really does. If the brain did not have CSF to float in, it would sit on the bottom of the skull. The brain's weight would push the bottom of the brain against the skull. Blood would not be able to get to the bottom of the brain because the blood vessels would be getting crushed by the weight of the brain on top of them. Without getting blood (and the oxygen it carries), the neurons in the bottom of the brain would die.

CSF protects the brain by acting like a cushion. Without CSF, every time a person moved their head, their brain would hit the inside of their skull. This could injure the brain. 

When a person hits their head, CSF acts like the airbag in a car and can sometimes keep the brain from slamming into the inside of the skull. However, when a person hits their head very hard – in a car accident, for example – the CSF cannot protect the brain from hitting the skull. This can cause concussions, bleeding in the brain, brain damage, or even death.

The brain's cells do chemical reactions to change one chemical to another chemical that the brain needs. Sometimes, after a chemical reaction, chemicals that the brain does not need are left over. These chemicals are called "waste products." For example, when the brain's cells use oxygen and glucose (sugar) to create energy, carbon dioxide (CO) is left over. Too much carbon dioxide can poison the brain.

To keep waste products from building up in the CSF, the choroid plexuses make new CSF about four times a day. The old CSF drains out into the bloodstream, bringing waste products and toxins with it. In this way, the CSF rinses things that could hurt the brain out into the bloodstream. The bloodstream can then carry these chemicals to organs that can get rid of them, like the kidneys and the lungs. For example, the bloodstream carries carbon dioxide to the lungs, where it can be breathed out.

Doctors can use samples of CSF to find out if a person has a brain infection, like meningitis, encephalitis, or syphilis. CSF samples can also show bleeding from certain parts of the brain. Swelling in the brain, caused by some inflammatory diseases like multiple sclerosis, can show in a CSF sample as well.

Usually, doctors take samples of CSF by doing a lumbar puncture (spinal tap).

Normal CSF should be clear and colorless, with no red blood cells, and very few white blood cells.

Signs of a brain infection include:

Protein levels that are higher than normal can be a sign of inflammation in the brain. However, they can also be a sign of other problems, like a bleed in the brain; a brain tumor; epilepsy; and "acute alcoholism."

Cancer cells in the CSF are a sign that a person has brain cancer, or has cancer that started somewhere else and spread to the brain.

Head injuries and some diseases can make too much CSF build up in the brain. This is called hydrocephalus. The extra fluid puts pressure on (squeezes) the brain. This is called increased intracranial pressure. If the pressure gets high enough, the brain's blood vessels get crushed, and blood cannot get to the brain. If a person's brain does not get enough blood and oxygen, they will become unconscious and their brain cells will die. Eventually, the person will die.

Without treatment, 6 out of every 10 people with hydrocephalus will die. The rest will have physical disabilities, intellectual disabilities, and/or other brain problems.

Some problems can cause CSF to leak out through a hole or tear in the dura mater (the layer of the meninges that is next to the skull and the bones of the spinal cord). CSF leaks are usually a complication of a lumbar puncture or certain kinds of surgery on the head, neck, or brain. However, an injury to the head or spine can also cause a CSF leak. Sometimes, doctors cannot find a cause for a CSF leak.

Most people with CSF leaks get better on their own, after the hole in the dura mater heals. However, some CSF leaks can cause serious complications:


Bodil Malmsten

Bodil Malmsten (19 August 1944 – 5 February 2016) was a Swedish poet and novelist. She wrote over fifteen books from 1977 to her death. Her best known book was the English translation of "Priset på vatten i Finistère" ("The Price of Water in Finistère") which was awarded Book of the Week by BBC Radio 4.

Malmsten was born in Bjärme, Jämtland. Her grandfather was designer and architect Carl Malmsten (1888–1972).

Malmsten died from cancer on 5 February 2016 in Stockholm. She was aged 71.

Mohamed Fahmy

Mohamed Fadel Fahmy ( ; born April 27, 1974) is a Canadian-Egyptian journalist. He was born in Cairo. Fahmy was in prison in Egypt for two years. When he came out, he started the Fahmy Foundation for free speech.

Mohamed Fahmy was a producer for CNN and a writer for the "Los Angeles Times". He was also the Cairo bureau chief for Al-Jazeera's English channel.

Fahmy was arrested on December 29, 2013 with two other journalists, Baher Mohamed and Peter Greste, in their hotel in Cairo. This was after General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi became president of Egypt. Sisi replaced the elected president, Mohammed Morsi, of the Muslim Brotherhood. The three reporters were accused of helping the Muslim Brotherhood. At the time, Fahmy worked for Al-Jazeera, which is owned by the government of Qatar. Qatar supported the Muslim Brotherhood, even after Morsi was out of power. 

In January 2015, Australian Peter Greste went back to Australia. But Fahmy and Baher had a new trial and got three more years in prison. Finally, human rights lawyer Amal Clooney helped them. Because of world pressure, President Sisi said they could go free.

Jürgen Klopp

Jürgen Norbert Klopp (born 16 June 1967) is a German professional football manager and former player. He is the current manager of Premier League club Liverpool until later 2024. He also managed and played for 1. FSV Mainz 05, and later managed Borussia Dortmund from 2008 to 2015. Klopp is responsible for revolutionising Liverpool FC, and won their 6th Champions League and first Premier League.

Klopp was born in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. He is married and has two children. He is a Protestant Christian.


Eddy Wally

Eddy Wally (born Eduard René Van De Walle; 12 July 1932 – 6 February 2016) was a Belgian singer. He was nicknamed the "Voice of Europe". He was best known for his hits "Chérie" (1966), "Als marktkramer ben ik geboren" (1969) and "Ik spring uit een vliegmachien" (1996). He was also a popular meme in 2014.

Wally was born in Zelzate, East Flanders. He was married to Mariëtte Roegiers until her death in October 2012. They had a daughter, Marina Wally (born 1957), who became a singer. He retired in 2012 after poor health.

Wally died from a brain haemorrhage on 6 February 2016 in Zelzate. He was aged 83.


Mika Waltari

Mika Toimi Waltari () (19 September 1908 – 26 August 1979) was a Finnish writer. He is best known for his best-selling novel "The Egyptian" (). His career lasted over 40 years. He wrote at least 29 novels, 15 novellas, 6 collections of stories or fairy tales, 6 collections of poetry and 26 plays. Waltari wrote screenplays, radio plays, non-fiction, translations, and hundreds of reviews and articles. He is also internationally the best-known Finnish writer. His works have been translated into more than 30 languages.

Waltari graduated from the University of Helsinki. He first studied theology, then history and languages. His career as writer started with religious poems and horror short stories. His first novel "Suuri illusioni" ('The Great Illusion') was his fifth work and a big success. It has been compared to the famous works of the 1920s by Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald.

Waltari's chief work, which made him internationally famous, was published after World War II. This was the large novel "Sinuhe Egyptiläinen" (UK title: Sinuhe the Egyptian; US title: The Egyptian). The story is placed in ancient Egypt. Waltari knew a lot about life there. Between the lines one can read a story about Christianity and history. The book contains comparison of idealism and realism but it does not tell which of them wins. It became popular also as a Hollywood movie. In later life he worked as a member of the Academy of Finland. He never finished his last novel on the Knights of Malta due to illness. First awarded in 1979, the Mika Waltari Award is named in his honor.

River Avon, Bristol

The River Avon runs through Bristol. The river is the 19th longest river in the United Kingdom. It is 75 miles (121km) long. The source of the river is in the Severn Estuary. The river rises in the county of Gloucestershire. It then flows through Wiltshire, for example in the city of Salisbury.

Sam Spence

Samuel Lloyd "Sam" Spence (March 29, 1927 – February 6, 2016) was an American soundtrack composer. He was best known for his work with NFL Films. His work has also been on the "Madden NFL" football video games and various advertisements related to American football.

2016 southern Taiwan earthquake

The 2016 southern Taiwan earthquake happened in Taiwan on 6 February 2016. 116 people were killed. The source of the earthquake was in Kaohsiung.

Magic Kingdom for Sale–SOLD!

Magic Kingdom for Sale–Sold! is the first book in a series written by Terry Brooks. It is the story of a trial lawyer named Ben Holiday who gets a catalog from Rosen's, LTD. that is selling a fantasy kingdom named Landover. He buys the kingdom but learns that it is more challenging than he thought it would be.

Ben Holiday is a lawyer from Chicago who works in a law office with his partner Miles Bennett. He is depressed after the death of his wife, Annie. He becomes king of Landover, and is crowned after joining the people together and killing the Iron Mark. He learns that he can become the Paladin when he is in danger.

Bamberg State Library

The Bamberg State Library () is a library in Bamberg, Germany. The library was founded in 1803. It is operated by Bavaria, a state of Germany.

There are about 566,000 books in the library. The oldest of them are from the Middle Ages.

There are also about 6,400 manuscripts in the library. Among these is the Bamberg Apocalypse, a richly illuminated manuscript from the 11th century. The Bamberg Apocalypse and two other manuscripts were recognized in UNESCO's "Memory of the World" register. Some of the library's oldest manuscripts were brought to Bamberg by the Holy Roman Emperor Henry II.

The library also contains 3,600 early books that were printed – not handwritten – before the year 1501 in Europe, known as incunabula.


CentraleSupélec

CentraleSupélec is a graduate school of engineering in France. Its main campus is located at the Paris-Saclay plateau, and is one of the constituent institutes of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

The academic and research programs, including industrial research collaborations, are mainly offered in French in English.

Most of the 5000 students in the Graduate Engineer program at CentraleSupélec live in dedicated student residences near the research labs and metro train station. Some of the campus facilities are shared with 65,000 students from other constituent schools of the University of Paris-Saclay.

CentraleSupélec was created 1 January 2015 from École Centrale de Paris and Supélec. This was in order to create one of the best universities in the world. Since October 2023, the school has been a partner of IPSA for double degrees in aerospace.

Admission to the CentraleSupélec Programme (2-year curriculum) is by:

The CentraleSupélec Programme typically lasts three years. It results in a master's degree, in addition to international experience. The undergraduate studies plus the CentraleSupélec Programme account for more than a 300 ECTS credits in the European education system.
However, graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree program are required to spend two-years at CentraleSupélec and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years. This results in a double master's degree.

Research activities at CentraleSupélec relate to the following topics:


2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum

The United Kingdom European Union membership referendum took place on 23 June 2016 in the UK and Gibraltar. It was to decide whether the United Kingdom would stay in the European Union (EU).

The referendum ended with 51.9% of votes in favour of leaving the EU.

On 24 June, the then Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister David Cameron announced that he would resign. He was replaced on 13 July by Theresa May.

Members of the "Remain" campaign wanted the United Kingdom to stay in the European Union. Political parties that wanted the UK to stay in the EU include the Labour Party, the Liberal Democrats and the Scottish National Party. They said that being in the EU gave the UK many advantages in trade.

Prime Minister David Cameron supported staying in the EU, but the Conservative Party was neutral. It was up to each MP to have their own view. Other well-known Conservatives who wanted to remain in the EU include George Osborne, Theresa May and Philip Hammond.

Members of the "leave" campaign, commonly called "Brexit", wanted the UK to leave the European Union. Political parties who supported leaving the EU include United Kingdom Independence Party, the Respect Party and many members of the Conservative Party. Those who supported "leave" were especially concerned about the EU's "open border" policies and mass migration.

Some well known members of the Conservative party who wanted to leave the EU included Iain Duncan Smith, Michael Gove and Boris Johnson.

The tables list political parties with seats in the House of Commons or the House of Lords, the European Parliament, the Scottish Parliament, the Northern Ireland Assembly, the Welsh Assembly, or the Gibraltar Parliament at the time of the referendum.

Shortly after the results were announced, David Cameron said that he would resign by October 2016. After a leadership election, Theresa May became Prime Minister on 13 July.

The Scottish government announced on 24 June 2016 that they were planning to hold a second independence referendum. Northern Ireland politician Martin McGuinness also called for an Irish reunification referendum. A movement for London independence even occurred, with an online petition reaching thousands of signatures.

A "Bregret"/"Regrexit" petition was proposed by William Oliver Healey on 24 May 2016. It was made to support the creation of a second European Union membership referendum. By 25 June, more than two and a half million people signed the petition. Calls for a second referendum was later rejected by the government.

Theresa May officially triggered Article 50 on 29 March 2017. This means that negotiations have started between the UK government and the European Union. These talks are expected to last 2 years and after they have finished the UK will be out of the EU.

The Black Unicorn

The Black Unicorn is a fantasy book written by Terry Brooks. It is the second book in the "Magic Kingdom of Landover" series. The book continues the stories of Ben Holiday, Willow, and Questor Thews. Each of them had a dream about something important to them. They each left Sterling Silver (the castle they live in) to look for what they dreamed about. The dreams led Ben Holiday to Chicago, Questor Thews to find the books of magic, and Willow to hunt for the black unicorn.

Ciriaco Cañete

Ciriaco "Cacoy" Cañete (August 8, 1919 – February 5, 2016) was a Filipino martial artist. He was a member of the Doce Pares Eskrima Club. He was the last surviving member of the club, which was founded in January 1932. In 1951 he developed his own martial art system named Eskrido. He was born in San Fernando, Cebu.

Cañete died in a hospital in Downtown Cebu City on February 5, 2016. He died from prostate cancer. He was aged 96.

Dan Hicks (singer)

Daniel Ivan Hicks (December 9, 1941 – February 6, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He made music with elements of cowboy folk, jazz, country, swing, bluegrass, pop and gypsy. He led the band Dan Hicks and His Hot Licks. His career began in 1965.

He was best known for the songs "I Scare Myself" and "Canned Music." His songs were known for having humor. One of his songs was titled "How Can I Miss You When You Won't Go Away?" His latest album, "Live at Davies", was released in 2013.

Hicks died on February 6, 2016 from throat and liver cancer. He died in Mill Valley, California. He was 74 years old. He was diagnosed with throat cancer in 2014 and had liver cancer since 2015.

Fife Symington

John Fife Symington III (born August 12, 1945) is an American politician and businessman. He was born in New York City. He served as the 19th Governor of the U.S. state of Arizona. He served from 1991 until his resignation in 1997. He was a member of the Republican Party.


Alvin Baldus

Alvin James Baldus (April 27, 1926 – February 2, 2017) was an American politician. He was member of the Democratic Party. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1981, as a member for Wisconsin. He lost his re-election in 1980.

Baldus was born in Garner, Iowa. He grew up in Elkton and Austin in Minnesota. He studied at Riverland Community College. Baldus died on February 2, 2017 in Menomonie, Wisconsin, aged 90.

USS Nitze (DDG-94)

The USS "Nitze" (DDG 94) is an Arleigh Burke class destroyer. It is owned by the United States Navy. The ship was built at Bath Iron Works in Maine. It was finished in 2004. The ship was commissioned on March 5, 2005 after almost a year of testing at sea.

The USS "Nitze" has done four deployments. The deployments were January 2007 (part of the USS "Bataan" strike group), September 2008 (part of the USS "Theodore Roosevelt" strike group), March 2012 (part of the USS "Enterprise" strike group), and November 2013 (deployed alone).

As of February 2016, the "Nitze"'s Commanding Officer was CDR Paul Kaylor, the Executive Officer was CDR Michael Cloud, and the Command Master Chief was Sean Brown.

Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Created on December 15, 1791, the Sixth Amendment (Amendment VI) to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. It provides many protections and rights to those accused of a crime. Among the provisions are the right to a lawyer, the right to a speedy public trial and the right to an impartial jury. It gives defendants the right to know who his (or her) accusers are. It also give the defendant the right to know the charges and evidence against him. 

One of the most important rights given is that to legal counsel. It is so important that another right is associated with it. All those who cannot afford to pay for legal assistance will have a lawyer appointed for them at government expense. The federal, state and local justice systems all have provisions to appoint legal counsel for indigent defendants. The appointed counsel assists the defendant in any interrogations by law enforcement. They assist the defendant through the trial phase, sentencing and the initial appeal if there is a conviction. Legal systems, including the U.S. legal system, are complex and not easily understood by the average person. Having an attorney is critical to guiding the defendant through the legal processes. An attorney advises his client, the defendant, as to his or her rights and explains all processes of the criminal proceedings. The attorney protects the defendant's Constitutional rights. An attorney also can negotiate with the prosecution and the court in cases of plea bargains. 

The right to a speedy trail originated with the Assize of Clarendon in 1166. It says that justice must be provided to robbers, murders, and thieves "speedily enough." Those who wrote the Bill of Rights did not want defendants to be prisoners for a long time without the benefit of a trial. They did not want the accused to have their life disrupted, especially when the Fifth and Sixth Amendments both hold a presumption of innocence. Also, the longer a trial is delayed, the more likely that evidence may be lost and that witnesses may forget or cannot be found. 
A right to a speedy trial does not begin until a person has been arrested or formally charged. The government may investigate a crime (within any applicable statute of limitations) for as long as they find it is necessary. They are under no obligation to bring an indictment within a certain period of time. The prosecution may drop any pending criminal charges and open the investigation again at a later time without penalty of the Sixth Amendment. 
If a defendant brings a claim that their speedy trial rights have been violated the court may look at the reasons for the delay, any prejudice or injury to the defendant and how far the prosecution has gone into the criminal proceedings. If a defendant does not assert the right to a speedy trial early enough, they may lose their claim. Defendants who cause unnecessary delays also lose their rights to a speedy trial claim. 
If the delay in bringing a defendant to trial exceeds one year following the arrest, this will trigger a presumption that the Sixth Amendment right to a speedy trial may have been violated. The government may counter if they have good or plausible reasons for the delay. Requests by the prosecution for additional time may be granted if plausible. But if none are offered or the court finds the reasons not plausible, they may dismiss the indictment, overturn a conviction or hear other remedies the defense might seek. 

This right, to a public trial, has its roots in English common law. It reflects the hostility and suspicion felt at the time towards secret proceedings such as the Spanish Inquisition, the French "Lettre de cachet" or England's Star Chamber. The framers of the Bill of Rights believed that public trials would help prevent corruption in judges and prosecutors. It was also thought it might reduce witnesses committing perjury. The United States Supreme Court has held that the right to a public trial applies to federal, state, and local governments. The right is not absolute however. While the public and the press have a First Amendment interest in open proceedings, under some circumstances a defendant waive his rights to a public trial. In cases where undue publicity might hurt the defendant's case, public access to the trial can be restricted.

The right to a jury has always depended on the nature of the offense with which the defendant is charged. Petty offenses—those punishable by imprisonment for no more than six months—are not covered by the jury requirement. Even where multiple petty offenses are concerned, the total time of imprisonment possibly exceeding six months, the right to a jury trial does not exist. Also, in the United States, except for serious offenses (such as murder), minors are usually tried in a juvenile court, which lessens the sentence allowed, but forfeits the right to a jury.

Originally, the Supreme Court held that the Sixth Amendment right to a jury trial indicated a right to “a trial by jury as understood and applied at common law. This includes all the essential elements as they were recognized in this country and England when the Constitution was adopted. Therefore, it was held that juries had to be composed of twelve persons and that verdicts had to be unanimous, as was customary in England. 

When, under the Fourteenth Amendment, the Supreme Court extended the right to a trial by jury to defendants in state courts, it re-examined some of the standards. It has been held that twelve came to be the number of jurors by "historical accident," and that a jury of six would be sufficient, but anything less would deprive the defendant of a right to trial by jury. The Sixth Amendment requires unanimity in a federal jury trial. However, the Supreme Court has ruled that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, while requiring states to provide jury trials for serious crimes, does not incorporate all the elements of a jury trial within the meaning of the Sixth Amendment. Thus, states are not mandated to require jury unanimity.

The Sixth Amendment's confrontational clause grants the defendant the right to face their accusers. It allows the defense to dispute the testimony given by prosecution witnesses. It also allows the jury the opportunity to decide if a witness is being dishonest in any way. This applies to statements made in court and out of court statements. A court may prevent repeated questioning of witnesses on the same question or harassing a witness. But if a judge restricts the cross-examination of a witness too severely, it may cause a violation of the defendant's Sixth Amendment right to confront witnesses. 

Admitting out of court statements, often called hearsay evidence, may also prevent a defendant from confronting his accusers. There are some exceptions. For example, if a witness is unavailable and testified against the defendant in previous judicial proceedings, and the defendant was able to cross-examine the witness, a transcript of the testimony may be used as evidence. 

The compulsory clause also allows the accused to present witness testimony favorable to the defense.

Trier of fact

In a criminal trial the trier of fact, also called the finder of fact, is the person or persons responsible for deciding the factual issues. This is also called a finding of fact. In a jury trial the trier of fact is the jury. If there is no jury, the trier of fact is the judge. In many types of hearings the trier of fact may be an administrative law judge, a board, commission, or referee. Trier of fact is now considered an older term. The term "finder of fact" has come into use more recently. Once the trier of fact determines what is assumed to be the truth of a matter, then legal rules are applied to those facts. A judge instructs a jury about the legal rules applying to the case. These instructions include what the findings may be. For example the jury may find for the plantiff or the jury may find for the defendant. 

Joel Anthony

Joel Vincent Anthony (born August 9, 1982) is a Canadian professional basketball player. He is a former center of the Detroit Pistons and Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He also plays for the Canadian national basketball team.

Anthony attended Pensacola State College in Pensacola, Florida and transferred to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas after two years. He played college basketball with the Runnin' Rebels from 2004 until 2007.

He went undrafted. He signed a one-year contract with the Miami Heat on July 3, 2007. Anthony re-signed with the Heat on July 20, 2009. On July 16, 2010, Anthony signed a five-year, $18 million contract to stay with Miami. Anthony made his first Finals appearance in 2011 where the Heat lost to the Dallas Mavericks 4 games to 2. The following season, Anthony won his first NBA championship with the Heat after the defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4 games to 1 in the 2012 NBA Finals. He won his second championship with the Heat the next when they defeated the San Antonio Spurs 4 games to 3 in the 2013 NBA Finals.

On January 15, 2014, a three-team trade happened involving the Heat, Boston Celtics, and Golden State Warriors. The Heat traded Anthony and a future draft pick, and a 2016 second-round draft pick to the Celtics. The Heat received Toney Douglas from the Warriors and the Warriors received Jordan Crawford and MarShon Brooks from the Celtics. Anthony played a total of 21 regular season games with the Celtics.

On October 17, 2014, the Celtics traded Anthony to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Will Bynum.

Dalian

Dalian () is an important port city in the Liaoning province of China. It is located on the Liaodong Peninsula. It is the northernmost warm water port in China as well as the southernmost city in Northeast China. The name of the city translates into "Great Link", due to its strategic location on the coast of the East China Sea since it is used for trade with countries like Russia, the North and South Korea, and Japan. Because the port can be used all year, the Russian Empire took control of it in 1898 and built the Trans-Siberian railway to Dailan. The Empire of Japan later took it away from Russia.

Magdalena River

The Magdalena River is the most important river in the western part of Colombia. It has a length of . Its course is from south to north. About 80 percent of the population of Colombia live on the banks of the river or one of its tributaries. Barranquilla, Colombia's biggest city, lies on the banks of the river.

Watercraft can travel on the river up to the city of Honda, about upstream. At Honda, there are rapids. After these rapids, watercraft can travel for another .

Trey Lyles

Trey Anthony Lyles (born November 5, 1995) is a Canadian professional basketball player. He is a power forward/small forward for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Utah Jazz, Denver Nuggets, San Antonio Spurs, and the Detroit Pistons.

Lyles played college basketball with the University of Kentucky Wildcats from 2014 until 2015. Lyles had originally committed to play for Indiana but he decommitted in August 2012. He did not play in Kentucky's six-game exhibition series in Nassau, Bahamas because of a leg injury. 

Lyles was drafted by the Utah Jazz in the first round with the 12th overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft. The Jazz signed him to rookie scale contract on July 7, 2015. On January 14, 2016, Lyles was able to score a season-high 19 points in a 103-101 loss to the Sacramento Kings.

Sturla Gunnarsson

Sturla Gunnarsson (born August 30, 1951) is a Canadian movie director and producer.

Gunnarsson was born in Reykjavík, Iceland in 1951. He moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, with his parents when he was seven years old. His movie "After the Axe", received an Academy Award nomination for Best Documentary Feature. He has since won a number of awards including Emmy Award, Genie Award and Gemini Awards.



Exposure (toxicology)

Toxic exposure means that a toxin (poison) touched or got into a person's body. That person has been exposed to the toxin.

After a person is exposed to a toxin, many different things about that person, the toxin, and the exposure affect "toxicity". Toxicity is how the person reacts to the toxin, including what symptoms they may have.

A person can get exposed to a toxin accidentally or on purpose. People can also use toxins as weapons to try to kill other people (for example, during chemical or biological warfare).

Anything can be a toxin if enough of it gets into a person's body. For example, even water can be toxic. If a person drinks enough water (usually more than 6 gallons in one day), they can get water toxicity (also called "water poisoning" or "water intoxication"). This causes the body's cells to swell up with extra water. Swelling in the brain's cells can cause brain damage or death. Water, in normal amounts, helps keep us alive; but if a person is exposed to enough of it, it becomes a toxin, and it can kill the person.

There are two major types of exposure: acute and chronic.

An acute exposure happens only one time. Chronic exposure happens many times, over a long period of time.

The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) defines these types of exposure this way:

Toxins can get into the body in four different ways. These are called "routes of exposure." The route of exposure is one of the many things that affects toxicity.

Toxins can get into the body through inhalation (the person breathes in the toxin). If a toxin is a gas, inhalation is usually the way it gets into the body.

When a toxin is inhaled, it may injure the airways and the lungs. Also, some toxins can go from the lungs into the bloodstream. The bloodstream then delivers blood - with the toxin in it - to all of the organs in the body. The toxin can then damage those organs.

Inhalation is one of the easiest and fastest ways for toxins to get into the body. The lining of the respiratory tract absorbs toxins into the bloodstream very quickly.

An example of a commonly inhaled toxin is cigarette smoke. There are over 100 toxins in cigarette smoke, including formaldehyde, arsenic, and hydrogen cyanide. Smoking is also an example of "chronic" toxic exposure. The exposure is chronic because the smoker is breathing in toxins many times, over a long period of time.

Another inhaled toxin that causes "acute" exposure is smoke from house fires. There are many toxins in this kind of smoke, including carbon monoxide and cyanide. Firefighters or people who were trapped in fires can get cyanide poisoning or carbon monoxide poisoning from breathing in these toxins. This is an example of an acute exposure, because the smoke was not breathed in for more than 24 hours.

If a toxin gets in a person's eyes or on their skin, it can get taken up into the bloodstream. This is called absorption. Absorption through the skin is the most common route of toxic exposure.

The skin is able to keep some toxins from getting into the body. However, if a person has a cut or wound on their skin, any toxin will be able to get into the body through that wound. Also, the toxin will be taken up into the bloodstream more quickly, because it does not have to get absorbed through the skin.

Exposure by absorption often happens in workplaces where people work with toxins. For example, if a person who works at a gas station spills gasoline on himself, the body will quickly absorb the gasoline into the bloodstream. Some chemical weapons like sarin, a nerve gas, can also be absorbed through the skin and the eyes, along with being inhaled.

Ingestion means that a person swallowed the toxin. Some chemicals cannot get into the bloodstream from the gastrointestinal tract. However, others are absorbed through the lining of the intestinal tract into the bloodstream.

Ingestion of toxins is very common in developing countries, where many people do not have safe drinking water. There are many different toxins that can be carried in water. They can be chemicals, like lead. They can also be biological toxins, like the bacteria that causes cholera, and the viruses that cause Hepatitis A and polio. People ingest these toxins by drinking the contaminated water, or eating food made with the water. The World Health Organization says that about 502,000 people die every year because of toxins in water and the diseases they cause.

Food poisoning is also caused by ingestion of toxins, like "E. coli" bacteria, which can live in foods like meat and poultry.

An injected toxin gets into the body when something carrying the toxin breaks the skin. Injections can go into a vein, a muscle, or just under the skin. Toxins that are injected into a vein have the fastest effects, because the toxin is being put right into the bloodstream.

Some snakes, scorpions, and spiders carry venom. If they bite or sting a person, they are injecting that toxin into the person's body.

An example of a toxin which is often injected on purpose is Botulinum. This is a very deadly toxin that causes botulism, but it is also sold under the name "Botox." Many people choose to get Botulinum toxin injected into their faces to get rid of wrinkles. The toxin paralyzes some of the muscles in the face, usually for three to 12 months, and makes the face look smoother.

Some toxins can get into the body through more than one route of exposure. For example, if water is polluted, a person can get exposed to the toxins in the water by drinking it (ingestion) and by showering or swimming in it (absorption).

Once a person has been exposed to a toxin, there are many things that affect toxicity. This article talks about only a few.

Many things about a person's exposure affect toxicity. Three of the most important things are:

The route of exposure also affects toxicity. For example, if it is injected, snake venom can be life-threatening. However, if it is ingested, snake venom is usually not harmful. The effects of this toxin are very different depending on the route of exposure.

Toxins sometimes affect different people in different ways. This is partly caused by differences in people's bodies. A person's age, gender, genes, hormones, nutrition, and the strength of their immune system all affect toxicity. For example, infants, young children, and the elderly are more likely to get sick from lower concentrations of toxins, which might not make a healthy adult sick.

Some health problems can affect toxicity. For example, inhaling toxins is especially dangerous for people who already have lung diseases, like emphysema. If the lungs are already damaged, breathing in toxins is likely to cause even more damage, and puts the person at risk for respiratory failure.

Also, once a toxin gets into the bloodstream, the body immediately starts trying to get rid of it through excretion. The main organs involved with excretion are the kidneys, liver, and lungs. If a person has damage to any of these organs (like kidney failure or cirrhosis of the liver), they will be unable to get rid of the toxin as fast as a healthy person will. The chemical will stay in their body longer, and have more toxic effects.

Many things about the type of toxin a person was exposed to affect toxicity. Two examples are solubility and pH.

A toxin's solubility is its ability to mix into a liquid. If a toxin is not water-soluble (it cannot dissolve in water), it cannot absorb into the bloodstream. (Plasma, the liquid part of blood, is made mostly of water.) If a person ingests a toxin that cannot dissolve into the watery plasma, the toxin will not absorb into the bloodstream through the lining of the gastrointestinal tract. It will pass out of the body through the gastrointestinal tract.

However, many toxins are water-soluble and will get absorbed into the bloodstream. For example, the "Vibrio cholerae" bacteria is water-soluble. If a person ingests water or food that has this toxin in it, they can get cholera.
Other toxins are "lipid-soluble" (they dissolve in fats). Instead of getting absorbed into the bloodstream, these toxins get stored in the body's fat. When the person's body burns fat to make energy, these toxins are let out and can poison the person. Examples of fat-soluble toxins include lead, DDT, and mercury.

The toxin's pH is also important. For example, if a toxin is a strong acid or a strong base, it can cause severe chemical burns to the eyes and skin. Toxins that have a more neutral pH can still hurt the body by being absorbed into the bloodstream, but they will not burn the eyes and skin. For example, if a person swims or bathes in water contaminated with cholera toxin, the toxin can still get absorbed through his eyes or skin. However, the water will not burn the eyes or skin.


Combatant

A combatant is a person who fights in an armed conflict. Combatants in an interstate armed conflict are protected by parts of the Geneva Conventions as long as they obey the rules of war. Those who fights with non-state armed groups in a non-interstate armed conflicts are not immune from prosecution for waging war against State forces.

Stromule

A stromule is a microscopic structure found in plant cells. Stromules (stroma-filled tubules) are highly dynamic structures extending from the surface of all plastids, including chloroplasts. 

Protrusions from and interconnections between plastids were seen in 1888 and 1908, and have been described from time to time in the literature since then. 

Stromules were recently rediscovered in 1997. They exist in a number of angiosperm species including "Arabidopsis thaliana", wheat, rice and tomato, but their role is not yet fully understood.

Coffin ship

Coffin ships transported Irish immigrants to America and other colonies during the Great Irish Famine (1845-1852). They were the cheapest way to cross the Atlantic but it was a miserable and dangerous journey. The conditions on board were horrible because the ships were so crowded. Also, there was little food and water. There were often diseases on board. 

One third (30%) of the passengers died before the arrival in Canada or the USA. Legend says sharks liked to follow coffin ships because the crew threw the dead bodies overboard.

Marcos Milinkovic

Marcos Antonio Milinković (born December 22, 1971 in Villa Ballester, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine volleyball player. Milinković is 203 cm and weighs 100 kg. He competed in the 1996, 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.


Lauren Collins

Lauren Felice Collins (born August 29, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She acts in both movies and television. She started acting in 1998. Between 2001 and 2008, she played Paige Michalchuk on "". She played a Host in "1 Girl 5 Gays". In 2002, she won a Young Artist Award for her performance in "Degrassi: The Next Generation".

Collins was born in the Thornhill area of the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario. 

Roger Willemsen

Roger Willemsen (15 August 1955 – 7 February 2016) was a German author, essayist and television presenter. He was born in Bonn, North-Rhine Westphalia. He began his career in 1991. In 1994, he starred in his own show "Willemsens Woche". He interviewed many famous people such as Madonna, Jesse Jackson, Audrey Hepburn and Yasser Arafat. He retired in 2006.

Willemsen died of pancreatic cancer on 7 February 2016 in Wentorf bei Hamburg, Schleswig-Holstein. He was aged 60.

Bill Birchfield

William O. Birchfield (December 19, 1935 – February 5, 2016) was an American politician, lawyer, and civic leader in the state of Florida. He called himself as the "Duke of Mayo". He was born in Mayo, Florida. He served in the Florida House of Representatives for the 21st district from 1971 until his resignation in 1974.

Birchfield died in Jacksonville, Florida on February 5, 2016. He died from a heart attack. He was aged 80.

Nida Fazli

Muqtida Hasan Nida Fazli, known as Nida Fazli (‎; 12 October 1938 – 8 February 2016), was an Indian Hindi and Urdu poet. He was born in Gwalior, British Raj. He wrote essays critical of poets of the 1960s in his book "Mulaqatein". This book made many poets angry, including Sahir Ludhianvi, Ali Sardar Jafri and Kaifi Azmi. As a result, he was boycotted in some poetic sessions. He recently wrote columns for the BBC Hindi website on various contemporary issues and literature.

Fazli died of a heart attack in Mumbai on 8 February 2016. He was aged 77.

Sushil Koirala

Sushil Koirala (; 12 August 1939 – 9 February 2016) was a Nepalese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 11 February 2014 to 10 October 2015. He was also President of the Nepali Congress party beginning in 2010.

Koirala was elected as Prime Minister of Nepal by the parliament on 10 February 2014. Koirala joined the Nepali Congress in 1952 and served in various roles before becoming its president in 2010.

Koirala was diagnosed with oral cancer in 2006 and lung cancer in July 2014. He died on 9 February 2016 of pneumonia in Kathmandu. He was aged 76.

Roy Rogers (basketball)

Roy Lee Rogers, Jr. (born August 19, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played a total of 137 games in the NBA from 1996 until 2000. He played for the Vancouver Grizzlies, Boston Celtics, Toronto Raptors, and the Denver Nuggets. After retiring, Rogers became an assistant coach. He currently serves as an assistant coach for the Washington Wizards of the NBA.

Rogers played college basketball for the University of Alabama. He played college basketball with the Crimson Tide from 1992 until 1996.

Rogers was drafted by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the first round with the 22nd overall pick in the 1996 NBA Draft. He played a total of 82 games and started 50 games with the Grizzlies. He scored a total of 543 points during his time in Vancouver. On October 28, 1997, the Grizzlies traded Rogers to the Boston Celtics in exchange for Tony Massenburg and a 2nd-round pick in the 1999 NBA draft.

He only played nine games with the Celtics. He scored seven points with them. On February 18, 1998, the Celtics traded Roger along with Chauncey Billups, Dee Brown and John Thomas to the Toronto Raptors in exchange for Kenny Anderson, Popeye Jones and Žan Tabak.

With the Raptors, Rogers played in six games and scored a total of 13 points. On June 9, 1998, the Raptors traded Rogers along with a two 1st-round picks in the 1998 NBA draft to the Houston Rockets in exchange for Kevin Willis.

Rogers did not play for the Rockets and played most of the 1998 season in Italy. On January 22, 1999, the Rockets traded Rogers along with a 2nd-round pick in the 2000 NBA draft to the Chicago Bulls in exchange for Scottie Pippen. Rogers never played a game for the Bulls and they waived him on February 1, 1999.

On October 1, 1999, he signed a contract with the Denver Nuggets. He played 40 games with them. He retired from playing professional basketball in 2004.

After retiring, Rogers joined the Brooklyn Nets as an assistant coach in 2013. He left the next year and joined the Washington Wizards as their assistant coach.


Suba language

Suba is a language spoken by the Suba people of east Africa. It is almost extinct. It is a Bantu language believed to have developed from the interactions between the Luo and the Bantu speakers of Lusoga. These Lusoga migrated from the Baganda kingdom because of a conflict between tribes.

Robin Chandler Duke

Robin Chandler Duke (born Grace Esther Tippett; October 13, 1923 – February 6, 2016) was an American socialite, journalist, women's rights advocate and diplomat. She served as the United States Ambassador to Norway from September 12, 2000 until March 1, 2001.

Duke was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She was married to actor Jeffrey Lynn and later diplomat Angier Biddle Duke until his death in 1995. She had three children.

Duke died on February 6, 2016 in Charleston, South Carolina. She was aged 92.

Problem solving

Problem solving is a mental activity related to intelligence and thinking. It consists of finding solutions to problems. A problem is a situation that needs to be changed. It suggests that the solution is not totally obvious, for then it would not be a problem. A great deal of human life is spent solving problems. Social life is based on the notion that together we might solve problems which we could not as individuals. 

The word "problem" comes from a Greek word meaning an "obstacle" (something that is in your way). If someone has a problem, they have to find a way of solving the problem. The way to solve it is called a solution. Some problem-solving techniques have been developed and used in artificial intelligence, computer science, engineering, and mathematics. Some are related to mental problem-solving techniques studied in gestalt psychology, cognitive psychology. and chess.

Problems can be classified as ill-defined or well-defined. Ill-defined problems are those that do not have clear goals, solution paths, or expected solution. An example is how to face threats which might perhaps be made in the future. Well-defined problems have specific goals, clearly defined solution paths, and clear expected solutions. These problems also allow for more initial planning than ill-defined problems. 

Being able to solve problems involves the ability to understand what the goal of the problem is and what rules could be applied to solving the problem. Sometimes the problem requires abstract thinking and coming up with a creative solution. 

Internet safety

Internet safety is the topic of teaching people how to be safe when using the internet. It is particularly important when using social media, through which personal information is shared.

Internet safety is mainly taught in primary and secondary schools and focuses on making sure children know that:

Choose a strong password with different characters and numbers.

There are more another ways to secure your devices when surfing through Internet ,You can use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) they are usually more secure then simple , also they help to unlock many websites which are blocked by your service provider , It is usually recommended to use a Paid service rather than using free service. And an Anti-virus must have to be in your device if you want a secure surfing.

.Internet safety 

Onan

Onan (, Modern Onan, Tiberian ʼÔnān ; "Strong") is a person in the Bible. He is in the Book of Genesis, chapter 38. He was the second son of Judah. Like his older brother, Er, Onan was killed by Yahweh. Onan's death was because he was "evil in the sight of the Lord" for being unwilling to father a child by his widowed sister-in-law.

Bad Aibling rail accident

The Bad Aibling rail accident was an accident that happened on the railway line in Bad Aibling in Bavaria, Germany, on 9 February 2016. Twelve people were killed and many more injured when two trains collided head-on, along a single-track line.

The accident happened on the line between Holzkirchen and Rosenheim, in Bavaria, southeastern Germany. The whole line only has a single track. Trains usually cross at stations. The line is equipped with a security system that functioned normally at the time of the accident. In addition, it has been equipped with GSM-R, in 2007. In some places on the line, autonomous block signals are used to secure the track. The line is controlled by different human controllers. The control station responsible for the section where the accident happened is in Bad Aibling. The whole infrastructure had been checked a week before the accident, and was found to be without fault.

One of the trains left Kolbermoor on schedule, and headed towards Holzkirchen, and entered the single track section. The other train was four minutes late. The accident happened because of human error. The person responsible gave the orders to pass by a signal, because he said the signal in question was broken. That meant that both trains were travelling on the same track, and headed towards each other. This was not apparent to the train drivers, because there is a long bend in the track, at that position. The person in charge in Bad Aibling recognised that he had made an error, and issued orders for emergency braking using GSM-R. The first of these was given 36 seconds before the collision. Because he did not use the correct keys, these orders did not reach the train drivers, but other personnel responsible for securing the line. The accident happened at nearly 6:47 local time. Emergency braking was effective only one second before the collision. The trains were running at 52 and 87 km per hour.

Both train drivers were killed in the accident. In total, twelve people were killed, and 87 others injured.

800 people were involved in the rescue. The rescue was very difficult, because the section of track were the accident happened is badly accessible by road. There is a steep hill, on one side, and a canal, with no road access on the other side.

The site of the accident is only 800m from the site where another similar accident had happened in 1945.

Bren light machine gun

The Bren is a light machine gun (LMG) that was used by the British military during World War II. The gun was based on a Czechoslovak gun, the ZB z/26. The name is a shortening of "Brno-Enfield". Brno was the city where the earlier z/26 was made, and Enfield was the company that made the Bren.

It was a simple but well-made LMG. It was well-known for using a curved, top-loading magazine, a carrying handle, and being light enough for one man to carry and use. It was so popular that even the Japanese made their own LMG based on the Bren, the Type-99 light machine gun.

It was so popular among British soldiers that it was used by the British Armed Forces from 1938 to the 1990s.

Big Kap

Big Kap (1970–2016) was a DJ. He was born in New York City. He is well known for his album "The Tunnel" with DJ Funkmaster Flex, which was released in 1999. He died due to a heart attack on February 3, 2016 in New York. He was aged 45 at the time of his death.


Black Mountain (Kentucky)

Black Mountain is a mountain in Kentucky. It is the highest mountain peak in the state of Kentucky, USA. The height of the summit is . It is near the Virginia border. Black bears and lions live on the mountain.

Spring Awakening (festival)

The Spring Awakening Music Festival is an elecronic music festival that has been held at Soldier Field in Chicago, Illinois since 2012. Its music is, mostly, within the genres of Progressive house, Electro house, Techno, and Dubstep. The Main Stage of the Festival is located on the heart of the sports field itself. Two smaller stages are around the outside of the stadium. This setup makes for very loud sound that is heard all around the festival. The festival usually takes place in June. In 2015, the festival had an age limit (18+) for theifirst time.

Chicago is city that is well-known for its culture of House Music. Spring Awakening Music Festival was started in 2012 by the Chicago promotion company React Presents. With main artists like Skrillex and Afrojack the first year of the Festival received a very large crowd and has been held every year since. Spring Awakening Music Festival has included DJ sets from famous DJs such as Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Datsik, Excision, Diplo, Dillon Francis, and Hardwell as well as up-and-coming producers such as Bro Safari, Adventure Club, Figure, Zeds Dead, and Borgore. Over the years, the Festival has grown more and more popular because of the large fan base of Electronic Dance Music in the Chicago-land area. With people now coming from around the world to attend the Festival, there has been talk that the planners of the Festival might also hold other events outside Chicago.


John Holt (educator)

John Caldwell Holt was an American educator and author. He supported homeschooling and unschooling.

Holt became disappointed with the United States school system after several years of working in it. He became convinced that improving the school system was not possible, and began to support homeschooling. Holt believed that children did not need to be pressured into learning. They would learn naturally if they had a variety of resources, and could follow their own interests.

Holt's "Growing Without Schooling", founded in 1977, was the nation's first home education newsletter.

Holt, in his 1964 best-seller "How Children Fail" (2nd ed 1982), said schooling does more harm than good to a child's desire to truly learn. The book was followed by "How Children Learn", which explained his positive ideas (1967, 2nd ed 1983.

Holt's sole book on homeschooling, "Teach Your Own", was published in 1981. It was revised by his colleague Patrick Farenga and republished in 2003.

In his 1974 book, "Escape from Childhood: the needs and rights of children", Holt said that children should have the same independence as adults. These included the right to work for money, sign contracts and be allowed to vote in elections.



Sara al-Drees

Sara al-Drees () or Sara Abd al-Wehab al-Drees () is a Kuwaiti teacher. She is Kuwait's first political detainee. 

Sara al-Drees got a BA in Sociology and Administration from Kuwait University. She is a writer for "Al-Ra'i" newspaper in Kuwait. She is in the Kuwaiti Journalists' Association. She was the leader of the literary cultural club of Kuwait University from 2010 to 2011. She wrote three books. In 2011 she was chosen for a special "nadwa", or workshop for young writers.

The Kuwaiti government arrested her because she made political comments on Twitter. Al-Drees also worked with the Civil Democratic Movement, a group of political parties against the Muslim Brotherhood. 

In 2013, al-Drees got a prison sentence of 20 months for her political comments on Twitter. In November 2015 she got another arrest warrant for criticizing one of the wives of the Prophet Mohammed on Twitter. She was in London, but she said she would go back to Kuwait.

Custer County

Custer County is the name of six counties in the United States:


William Katt

William Theodore Katt (born February 16, 1951) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for playing Ralph Hinkley in "The Greatest American Hero". 

Katt was born to Bill Williams and Barbara Hale in Los Angeles.

The Greatest American Hero

The Greatest American Hero is an American comedy-drama television series. It was shown for three seasons from 1981 to 1983 on ABC. It was created by producer Stephen J. Cannell. It premiered as a two-hour television pilot on March 18, 1981. The series features William Katt as teacher Ralph Hinkley. It also starred Robert Culp as FBI agent Bill Maxwell, and Connie Sellecca as lawyer Pam Davidson.

The series chronicles Ralph's adventures after a group of aliens gives him a red suit that gives him superhuman abilities. Unfortunately for Ralph he loses the instruction booklet, and thus has to learn how to use its powers by trial and error.

Planet Asia

Jason Green (better known as Planet Asia; born October 24, 1976) is an American rapper. He is known for being part of the hip hop duo Cali Agents. He is also well known for producing many mixtapes. He was with Interscope Records. However, he was not promoted like more popular Interscope rappers 50 Cent and Eminem.

He was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2002 for the song "W" by Mystic.

He was born Jason Green in Fresno, California.

List of massacres of Azerbaijanis

The following is a list of massacres of Azerbaijanis that have occurred throughout history.


Codex

A codex (plural "codices") is a book-like object with writing on it. On a codex there are separate pages bound together at one edge, whereas a scroll is one continuous long document. The term is used for book-type objects written by hand, and includes books written on vellum or parchment.

The codex transformed the shape of the book itself. As an object, books can last for centuries, and many codices are in the great modern libraries. The codex was first described by the 1st-century AD Roman poet Martial, who praised it. The codex was as common as scrolls by about AD 300. It had completely replaced scrolls in the Greco-Roman world by the 6th century.


Chester-le-Street

Chester-le-Street is an ancient town in the northeast of England. It is in County Durham. Where it stands was a Roman fort called Concangis. This is the 'Chester' (from the Latin "castra") of the town's name. 'Street' refers to the paved Roman road that ran north-south through the town. It is now called Front Street (shown at right).

Chester-le-Street is south of Newcastle upon Tyne and west of Sunderland. It is on the River Wear.
The parish church of St Mary and St Cuthbert is where the body of St Cuthbert lay for 112 years. Then it was taken to Durham Cathedral. The church is the site of the first translation of the Gospels into English. There Aldred wrote the Old English gloss between the lines of the Lindisfarne Gospels.
This place is a market town. Markets are held on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. Until 2009 the town had its own local government district. The status of the town has been changed several times by local government regulations. The changes were controversial at the time.

Cumberland Mountains

The Cumberland Mountains are a mountain range in the southeastern part of the Appalachian Mountains. They run from northern Tennessee to West Virginia. They include parts of western Virginia and eastern Kentucky. Their highest peak, with an elevation of above sea level, is High Knob near Norton, Virginia. According to the United States Geological Survey, the Cumberland Mountain range is long and wide. It is bounded by the Russell Fork on the northeast, the Pound River and Powell River on the southeast, Cove Creek on the southwest, and Tackett Creek, the Cumberland River, Poor Fork Cumberland River, and Elkhorn Creek on the northwest. It forms the part of the boundary between Kentucky and Virginia. The Cumberland Mountains were named for England's Duke of Cumberland. There are many limestone caves on the Virginia side.

Cumberland Gap

The Cumberland Gap is a narrow pass through the Cumberland Mountains. It is a part of the Appalachian Mountains. It is near the junction of the U.S. states of Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee. First used by Native Americans, it was famous during American colonial history as an important path through the lower Appalachians. In 1775 the trail was started by Daniel Boone. Over the next 35 years, over 300,000 Settlers used it to get to the western borders of Kentucky and Tennessee. It was an important part of the Wilderness Road. It is now part of the Cumberland Gap National Historical Park. 

Matricide

Matricide is the act of killing one's mother. In the case of teenage daughters, it is often for one of two reasons. Either the daughter "snapped" (suddenly lost her temper) after suffering abuse or became an abuser herself. Few studies have been done to discover why children commit parricide, matricide or patricide.


Vertical transmission

Vertical transmission (also called mother-to-child transmission, or MTCT) means that an infection is spread from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy or childbirth. Vertically transmitted infections are usually caused by bacteria or viruses.

If the baby still has the infection after he or she is born, the infection may be called a congenital infection.

Here are some examples of infections that can be "vertically transmitted."

Many (but not all) sexually transmitted infections (STIs) can be vertically transmitted. STIs that can be spread from mother to fetus include:

Almost every type of hepatitis can be vertically transmitted. Hepatitis C, D, and E can be spread during pregnancy or childbirth.

Hepatitis B cannot be spread during pregnancy. However, it can be spread during childbirth if the infant touches its mother's blood or other body fluids.

In developed countries, Group B streptococcal infection is the most common cause of bacterial infections in newborns. It can cause infections that are very dangerous to newborns, like meningitis, septicaemia, and pneumonia. These infections can kill a newborn or cause serious long-term health problems.


There are two main ways that infections can be spread during pregnancy or childbirth.

The placenta surrounds and protects the fetus during pregnancy. It keeps the mother's blood from mixing with the fetus's. However, some infections can cross the placenta and infect the fetus. This is called "perinatal infection."

These infections are especially dangerous because they affect the fetus while it is still developing. This is why many vertically transmitted infections are most dangerous to the fetus early on in a pregnancy. All of the fetus's important organs start to grow by the time the fetus is nine weeks old, and they grow the most early on in the pregnancy. If the fetus gets an infection while important parts of its body are developing, the infection can cause problems in the way those parts of the body grow.

These infections are also dangerous because a fetus does not have an immune system of its own. It depends on its mother's immune system. If the mother has an infection that has not been treated, and her immune system cannot fight off the infection, the fetus will not be able to fight off the infection either.

During pregnancy, the placenta protects the fetus from its mother's blood. However, during childbirth, the placenta stays in the womb while the baby travels through the birth canal. While it is being born, the mother's blood and other body fluids get on the baby, and the baby also touches its mother's genitals. Because of this, infections that are carried in the blood, in body fluids, or in sores on the mother's genitals can infect the baby.

Infections are usually more dangerous for newborns and infants than for adults. This is because it takes about six months for an infant's immune system to develop completely. Until the infant's immune system is fully grown, it will not be able to fight off infections as well as an adult could.

Sometimes, medical treatment, like antibiotics, can prevent a baby from getting infections that spread during childbirth.

Some vertically transmitted infections can be prevented if the mother gets vaccines before getting pregnant. These infections include HPV, chickenpox, measles, and rubella. However, while these vaccines are common in developed countries, many people in developing countries do not have good medical care and cannot get vaccines.

Other vertically transmitted infections, like syphilis, can be cured with antibiotics before the mother gets pregnant.

Sexually transmitted infections can often be prevented by having safer sex.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) suggests these ways of preventing vertically transmitted infections:

The World Health Organization says that mothers with HIV can lower their baby's risk of getting vertically transmitted HIV to 2% if:


List of earthquakes in Azerbaijan

This list of earthquakes in Azerbaijan, is a list of notable earthquakes that have affected areas within the current boundaries of Azerbaijan.

VX

VX is a type of chemical weapon called a nerve agent. It is a very toxic chemical. Because it is so toxic, it cannot be used as anything other than a chemical weapon. The United Nations classifies VX as a weapon of mass destruction.

VX is the most toxic nerve agent ever created. The Council on Foreign Relations says: "A fraction of a drop of VX, absorbed through the skin, can fatally disrupt the nervous system."

The Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993, an international law, made it illegal for countries to use chemical weapons like VX. It also made it illegal to make or keep more than 100 grams of VX. It allows some scientists to make and use amounts under 100 grams only if they are trying to create an antidote, or doing medical research.

VX is one of the "V-series nerve agents" which were made in the 1950s by the United Kingdom's military researchers. Nobody agrees on why these nerve agents are called "V-series." Different people say the "V" stands for "Victory" or "Venomous" (poisonous), or "Viscous" (thick liquid).

VX is a liquid that cannot be smelled or tasted. It is a thick liquid with the texture of motor oil. As a weapon, it can be used as a liquid or an aerosol. It could be spread by air, through water, or through food.

Making VX is difficult and very dangerous. Many toxic and dangerous chemicals are used in the process. 

VX works the same way other nerve agents do. It blocks nerve signals from getting from the brain to the body. Normally, a neurotransmitter (chemical messenger) called acetylcholine tells the body's muscles to tighten up when they need to. When it is time for the muscles to relax, an enzyme called acetylcholinesterase destroys acetylcholine, so the muscles stop getting the signal to relax.

VX blocks acetylcholinesterase. Acetylcholine builds up, because it is not getting destroyed by acetylcholinesterase. The muscles get tighter and tighter, because the extra acetylcholine keeps telling them to. The extra acetylcholine also signals the parasympathetic nervous system to work extra hard. These changes in the body cause the signs and symptoms of VX poisoning.

The earliest symptoms of VX poisoning depend on how a person was exposed to VX. If VX got on a person's skin, their first symptoms might be sweating or twitching muscles near where the VX was. If the person breathed in VX, their first symptoms might be a runny nose and trouble breathing, caused by the bronchi (the tubes that bring air to the lungs) getting narrower.
All nerve agents have the same symptoms, because they work the same way. They make the parasympathetic nervous system work too hard. They also keep signals from the brain from getting through to the body, so the brain cannot tell the muscles to relax. This causes a group of unique symptoms:

People with VX poisoning can have seizures and go into status epilepticus. They can die because their breathing muscles get so tight that they do not work.

If a person got VX on their skin, the first step is to wash away the VX with bleach and water. This is called "decontamination." Removing clothing that the VX touched is also part of decontamination.

There are antidotes for nerve agent poisoning. They have to be given together.

However, nerve agents like VX work very quickly. Antidotes usually have to be given within a few minutes after a person was exposed to VX. If pralidoxime is not given soon enough, it cannot reverse VX's effects.

Usually, a sedative like diazepam (Valium) is also given. This will help the body's muscles relax, and can prevent seizures.


Central Zazaki

Central Zazaki (in Zaza language: "Zazakiyê Merkezi" or "Zazakiyê Miyani"; means Middle Zazaki) is one of three main dialects of the Zazaki language. This is spoken by the Zaza people in central parts of Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey. Central Zazaki is spoken by over 1 million people in the eastern cities of Turkey, such as Elazığ, north of Diyarbakır, west of Bingöl and east of Malatya.

Mawlid of the Nebi

Mawlif of the Nebi (in Zazaki language: "Mewlıdê Nebi", or in modern Zazaki, "Biyayışê Peyğamberi") is the first book written in the Zazaki language. It was written by Ahmed el-Hasi in Diyarbakır in 1899 and was published on March 25, 1899. The book is a religious book and includes stories about the birth of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. The title of the book means "Birth of the Prophet".

It was originally written in the Ottoman Turkish alphabet, which uses the Arabic script. Zazaki turned to using the Latin script in 1928 and the Mawlid was rewritten in this writing system, using the Zazaki alphabet.

Me and My Gang

Me and My Gang is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Rascal Flatts. The album was released on April 4, 2006, through Lyric Street Records. It debuted as No. 1 on Billboard 200. It held that position for three weeks. "Me and My Gang" had the highest sales of any album in 2006. RIAA certified it as five times platinum.

On April 25, 2007, Rascal Flatts performed "My Wish" on "American Idol" as part of fundraising for charities. The campaign was named "Idol Gives Back".

Yucatan, Missouri

Yucatan is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

<br>

Portland, Missouri

Portland is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, Missouri, United States. It is part of the Jefferson City, Missouri . It is located at (38.710161,-91.717166) on Route 94 about twenty miles northeast of Jefferson City.

The village was laid out in 1831. Its location on the Missouri River made it a popular shipping point for the farms and plantations of Callaway County. The name Portland stems from that activity.

Toledo, Callaway County, Missouri

Toledo is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.

A post office called Toledo was established in 1887. It operated until 1905.

<br>

Toledo, Ozark County, Missouri

Toledo is an unincorporated community in Ozark County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Fulton

Fulton may refer to:





Songül Öden

Songül Öden (born 1979 in Diyarbakır) is a Turkish actress. She is famous for her role as Gümüş Şadoğlu in Turkish series "Gümüş". She graduated in theatre from the University of Ankara. She is an ethnic Zaza.

She is well-liked as an actress in the Middle East.

Fulton, Missouri

Fulton is a town in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Callaway County. It is part of the Jefferson City, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 12,600 in the 2020 census.


Callaway County, Missouri

Callaway County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri. In the 2020 U.S. Census, the county's population was 44,283. Its county seat is Fulton. It is named for Captain James Callaway, grandson of Daniel Boone.


Kansas City metropolitan area

The Kansas City metropolitan area surrounds the city of Kansas City, Missouri. It includes 15 counties in both Missouri and Kansas. With a population of 2.34 million people, it is the second largest metropolitan area in Missouri behind Greater St. Louis. However, the Kansas city metropolitan area is currently showing a 3.1 percent growth rate. The St. Louis metropolitan area is only growing at a rate of .7 percent.

<br>

Choking agent

A choking agent, also called a pulmonary agent, is a type of chemical weapon. Choking agents make fluid build up in the lungs, and can cause suffocation.

The most common examples of choking agents are chlorine and phosgene. There are others, but they are not often used.

Phosgene is the most dangerous choking agent that is commonly used.

Phosgene can be a liquid or a gas. As a gas, it is heavier than air, so it can stay near the ground (where people can breathe it in for long periods of time. It smells like freshly cut grass or moldy hay.

Along with being a choking agent, phosgene is also a blood agent. This means it keeps oxygen from getting into the body's cells. Without oxygen, a person's cells will die, and the person will suffocate.

Phosgene usually does not cause its worst effects right away. The worst symptoms do not happen until 12 hours after a person breathed in phosgene. The person usually dies within 24 to 48 hours.

Chlorine is naturally a gas, but it can be made into a liquid or a solid. Chlorine is used to make many different things, like plastics, and is used to clean swimming pools.

Chlorine gas is very dangerous if it is inhaled. Chlorine can react with water in the lungs to make hydrochloric acid. This is a very strong acid which can burn the lungs so badly that a person dies.

The signs and symptoms of exposure to a choking agent depend on how the chemical got into a person's body. 

If a choking agent gets into a person's eyes or on their skin, it usually causes very bad burns.

If a choking agent is inhaled, it usually causes:

If a person got a high enough dose of a choking agent, they will eventually suffocate.

Phosgene and chlorine gas were both used as weapons during World War I. Chlorine was used first. It was the first chemical weapon that was used during the war to try to kill enemy soldiers. (Before this, countries like France and Germany had used tear gas, which is not meant to kill people.) 

Chlorine was used as a weapon for the first time by the German Army around January 1915, against the British Army. At the time, German Major Karl von Zingler wrote: "[I]t has been said that our Chlorine is very effective. 140 English officers have been killed. This is a horrible weapon ...".

About four months later, the German Army used chlorine gas for the first time against French and Algerian soldiers. These soldiers did not know about this new weapon, and they panicked and tried to run away. However, running makes chlorine's effects worse. In a few minutes, the gas killed more than 1,000 French and Algerian soldiers, and injured more than 4,000 others. One soldier who survived said:

"[I watched] figures running wildly in confusion over the fields. Greenish-gray clouds swept down upon them, turning yellow as they traveled over the country blasting everything they touched and shriveling up the [plants]. . . . Then there staggered into our midst French soldiers, blinded, coughing, chests heaving, faces an ugly purple color, lips speechless with agony, and behind them in the gas soaked trenches, we learned that they had left hundreds of dead and dying comrades."

In September 1915, the British Army used chlorine gas as a weapon for the first time.

The German Army used chlorine gas as a weapon many more times, against French, Canadian, and Russian soldiers. In one attack on Russian soldiers in Poland, 9,000 Russian soldiers were injured by the gas, and more than 1,000 were killed.

However, soon soldiers learned that the effects of chlorine were not as bad if they stayed still, got as high off the ground as possible, and used a damp cloth to cover their mouths and faces. Because chlorine gas is green, soldiers could see the chlorine coming and would have time to protect themselves. This made chlorine gas less deadly, and both sides soon switched to using phosgene.

Phosgene was first used by the German Army to attack the British Army in 1915. After that, phosgene was used often during World War I. Countries on both sides of the war - including Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States - used phosgene to attack enemy soldiers. Often they mixed it with chlorine, with the goal of killing more people. 

In World War I, phosgene caused about 85% of the 100,000 deaths caused by poison gas during the war (a total of about 85,000 deaths).

After people saw the effects of poison gases during World War I, these gases were not used often after that war.

However, the Imperial Japanese Army used phosgene against China many times during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945).

In 2007, Iraqi insurgents used chlorine bombs to attack soldiers and civilians. Over 350 people got sick from the first attack. In two other attacks, more than 30 people died in each attack.


Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution

In statistics the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution is a particular probability distribution named after James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann. 
It was first defined and used in physics (in particular in statistical mechanics) for describing particle speeds in idealized gases. In an idealized gas the particles move freely inside a stationary container without interacting with one another, most of the time. Sometimes they collide and exchange energy and momentum with each other or with their thermal environment. Particle in this context refers to gaseous particles (atoms or molecules), and the system of particles is assumed to have reached thermodynamic equilibrium.
While the distribution was first derived by Maxwell in 1860 on heuristic grounds, Boltzmann later carried out significant investigations into the physical origins of this distribution.

A particle speed probability distribution indicates which speeds are more likely: a particle will have a speed selected randomly from the distribution, and is more likely to be within one range of speeds than another. The distribution depends on the temperature of the system and the mass of the particle.
The Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution applies to the classical ideal gas, which is an idealization of real gases. In real gases, there are various effects (e.g., van der Waals interactions, vortical flow, relativistic speed limits, and quantum exchange interactions) that can make their speed distribution different from the Maxwell–Boltzmann form. However, rarefied gases at ordinary temperatures behave very nearly like an ideal gas and the Maxwell speed distribution is an excellent approximation for such gases. For this reason, it forms the basis of the Kinetic theory of gases, which provides a simplified explanation of many fundamental gaseous properties, including pressure and diffusion.

Jessye Norman

Jessye Mae Norman (September 15, 1945 – September 30, 2019) was an American opera singer. She was a dramatic soprano. She often sung works by Richard Wagner. Norman was in the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. She won Grammy Awards. She received a Spingarn Medal. She also got a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, and a National Medal of Arts.

In 1970, she performed in Italy for the first time. There she sang in Handel's "Deborah". The following year, she performed at the Maggio Musicale for the first time. There she sang in "L'Africaine". 
Norman was born in Augusta, Georgia.

She died on September 30, 2019 at a Manhattan hospital from multiple organ failure and sepsis caused by a spinal cord injury at the age of 74. In "The Simpsons" episode, "Go Big or Go Homer", was dedicated to her memory.

The Perfumed Garden

The Perfumed Garden of Sensual Delight ( "") is an Islamic sex manual, similar to the Hindu Kama Sutra, written in the 15th century by Muhammad ibn Muhammad al-Nefzawi, also known simply as "Nefzawi". It is written in Arabic. "The Perfumed Garden" is an example of erotic literature and contains sex among humans (heterosexual and homosexual) and animals.

The book was first translated into English by Richard Francis Burton in 1886. He translated it through a French translation. He could not complete his translation because the book was not widely acceptable because of its content. After him a new French translation by René R. Khawam was published in 1976. In 1923, the English composer Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji wrote "Le jardin parfumé: Poem for Piano Solo".


Hértevin language

Hértevin language (in Hértevin: ܣܘܪܬ "Sôreth") is an Aramaic or Syriac language that was originally spoken in a group of villages in the southeastern part of Turkey. It is especially in Siirt Province. Speakers of Hértevin Aramaic have moved mostly to Western countries, and are now scattered and isolated from one another. A few speakers remain in Turkey.


Abdul Hamid II

Abdul Hamid II (21 September 1842 – 10 February 1918) was the 34th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He was the last sultan to have complete control over the Empire. He was responsible of the Hamidian massacres. Killing between 100.000 - 300.000 Armenians. He witnessed many revolutions and wars. Abdul Hamid II ruled from 1876 to 1909, until he was overthrown by a group of people calling themselves the "Young Turks". Abdul Hamid II was the last ruler who nearly had total authority. Meaning that his authority was hardly limited by policies or reforms such as a constitution.

He modernized the Ottoman Empire during his reign. Railways, schools and hospitals were built under his rule. He also seeked to unify the Muslims in the Empire under Pan-Islamism. Others had tried to unify people in the Empire under Ottomanism (identity based on shared belonging to the Ottoman Empire).

Sultan Abdul Hamid II was the one who authorized the building of the Hamidiye Mosque, which was finished in 1886. The Mosque was built near the Yildiz Palace, and its decoration style combines the classical Ottoman with Neo-Gothic. It became a symbol for the ruler's authority.

His reign ended as Young Turks revolted against him, effectively deposing him and putting their favored sultan, Mehmed V.

Brain death

Brain death means that the brain has stopped working. Brain death is permanent, and cannot be cured or reversed. No treatment can help. When a person is brain dead, there is no activity in any part of their brain. Every part of the brain is dead; no oxygen flows to the brain, and there is no electrical activity in any part of the brain.

The brain controls everything we need to do to stay alive. For example, it controls breathing, body temperature, heart rate, and many other important things. When a person is brain dead, their brain cannot control any of these things. A brain-dead person cannot breathe on their own. They will never be able to wake up or be aware of what is going on around them.

Sometimes, brain-dead people are kept alive with special machines and medications. For example, doctors can put a tube down a person's throat and use a machine called a ventilator to pump oxygen into their lungs. While these machines can keep the person's other organs alive for a while, they cannot help the brain get better. Eventually, the person's other organs will stop working too.

Doctors can diagnose brain death by examining the patient. They will check for reflexes which are controlled by the brainstem, and see if the person can breathe on their own. If the person is brain-dead, the doctor will find:

Before diagnosing brain death, doctors will check for any other problem that could look like brain death (for example, a very low body temperature, or an overdose of sedatives). They will usually wait six to 24 hours before checking again to make sure the person still has no signs of activity in the brain. Then a second doctor is called in to do the same tests. If both doctors agree, the patient can officially be diagnosed "brain dead."

Sometimes, doctors use other tests which can diagnose brain death right away. These tests include:

Brain death happens because of an injury to the entire brain. The most common causes are:

Swelling or bleeding in the brain can cut off blood flow to the brain and push on the brainstem. If it gets bad enough, it can crush the brainstem.


Luis Guillermo Solís

Luis Guillermo Solís Rivera (born 25 April 1958) is a Costa Rican politician. He was the President of Costa Rica from 2014 to 2018.

Interrogation

Interrogation (also called questioning) generally means formally or informally interviewing a person to gain needed information of some kind. Interrogations are used by military organizations, intelligence agencies and law enforcement agencies worldwide. Sometimes the interrogated person is suspected of committing a crime or thought to have a reason to hide the information. The questioner in criminal and military interrogations is often an officer trained in different interrogation techniques. Depending on how they view the person being questioned or the purpose of the interrogation, the methods used may vary widely. For example:

An interrogation may often begin with several closed-ended questions. Examples would be "are you comfortable" or "would you like a cigarette"? The intent is for the interviewer to control the conversation and put the person being interrogated at ease. Let them think they are not in any trouble.

Next may follow asking narrative questions to find out what the person knows about a subject. Next, the interrogator may ask direct questions. Throughout the interview interrogators may ask "cross-questions". These are the same question asked in different ways and at different times during the interview to see if the person being questioned answers them the same every time.

A method taught to police interrogators since the 1970s is called the Reid technique. It was named for a Chicago police officer who developed it in the 1940s. It is widely used in North America because it gets confessions; sometimes false confessions. It is based on outdated psychology that maintains if a person shows stress they are lying. Unfortunately most people show stress when in stressful conditions. Suspects are questioned, often by teams of police officers. The Good cop/bad cop routine seen on police procedural shows is an example of the Reid technique. The police use this method to convince a suspect that confessing to the crime (whether they are guilty or not) is the best way out for the suspect. Many false confessions have been obtained this way resulting in false inprisonments.

A police officer may stop and question a person at any time. They do not need to give a Miranda warning before informal questioning or before making an arrest. But any information gained this way is not admissible at a trial against the person. Miranda required advising a person of their rights before being question in police custody. If the person asks the officer if they are free to leave, they are not in custody. That is one of the few things a police officer may not lie about. During questioning police may use trickery, lying or other forms of deception in order to get a confession from a suspect. 

A fairly new technique is being used in the UK, Denmark, New Zealand and other places. The word PEACE is an acronym for Preparation and Planning, Engage and Explain, Account, Closure and Evaluate. It is considered a more ethical model of police questioning. It is intended to prevent wrongful convictions by eliminating any coercion or deceptive methods. When tested in England and Wales, it resulted in the same percentage of convictions as the older methods produced. Peace is more of a journalistic approach. It assumes a liar will find it increasingly difficult to keep all the lies consistent and will eventually break down and confess. 

A historic method of obtaining confessions is the applying of the so-called third degree. It consists of treating a suspect brutally, keeping them awake for long periods of time with no food or water. Beatings were given along with threats. Often a suspect confessed to stop the abuse. The suspect was then forced to sign a paper saying he was not intimidated or coerced into giving his statement. In 1937, the court threw out a confession upon learning it was not given voluntarily but the defendant had been hung from a tree and whipped until he confessed.

Even though it is a serious breach of most international agreements, torture is still used by some police, military and intelligence services. Torture is prohibited under international law, but it is still used. In 2014 the Senate Intelligence Committee found that the Central Intelligence Agency tortured terror suspects. 

Trenton

Trenton may refer to:



Vargas

Vargas State (, ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. It is named after Venezuela's first civilian president, José María Vargas. The state covers an area along the Caribbean coast in the north of Venezuela. It borders Aragua to the west and Miranda to the east. Caracas is to the south. Vargas contains the country's largest seaport and airport. The state's capital city is La Guaira.

The area was previously governed as part of Venezuela's Federal District. The governor was chosen by the federal government of Venezuela. In 1998 the government of Rafael Caldera made Vargas split Vargas from the Federal District. Shortly after this it became the 23rd state of Venezuela.


Akron (disambiguation)

Akron is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio.

Akron may also refer to:






Pat Fraley

Patrick Howard "Pat" Fraley (born February 18, 1949) is an American voice actor and voice-over teacher. He is best known as the voice of Krang, Casey Jones, Baxter Stockman and many other characters. He is also known for his voice roles in the 1987 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" TV series. He also voiced Buzz Lightyear for actor Tim Allen in the early years in various video games, computer games, merchandise, attractions, and the Disney On Ice Disneyland Adventure.


Joplin

Joplin may refer to:



Church of God International (United States)

The Church of God, International (CGI) is a denomination of Christianity. It is one of many denominations to come out of the Worldwide Church of God (WCG). The Worldwide Church of God was started by Herbert W. Armstrong.

CGI was started in 1978 by four members of the Worldwide Church of God, with minister Garner Ted Armstrong (1930-2003) Garner Ted was excommunicated from the WCG by his father, Herbert W. Armstrong. They argued about beliefs and about how the church should be run.

CGI began in Tyler, Texas. Garner Ted also started the Garner Ted Armstrong Evangelistic Association.

Garner Ted Armstrong led CGI until 1998. Church leaders tried to start a church where the ministers acted as servants to the people. They thought the ministers in the WCG had abused their power over the people. In 1998 Garner Ted Armstrong himself was forced to leave CGI by church leaders. He was accused of sexual assault. Mr. Armstrong left CGI and started the Intercontinental Church of God. Ronald L. Dart, an important leader in CGI also left to start a church called Christian Educational Ministries (CGI). After this, leaders in the CGI tried to move forward and continue "the work". Now, leaders and ministers share power with a "Ministerial Council". The chairman of the Council is elected every three years. Charles Groce served as Chief Executive Officer for the church until 27 June 2015. Then he retired. Vance Stinson is now chairman. The Council also started a program to train new leaders called MAP (Ministerial Apprentice Program). CGI tries to keep a good relationship with many of the other churches that left the Worldwide Church of God. It is a "Ministry Partnership" with a some of them.

The CGI believes and worships like many other Christian churches, except:


CGI has churches in the United States, Canada, Jamaica, Ireland, Australia and the Philippines. CGI has a television program called "Armor of God". It also has "Prevail Magazine", which discusses Christian living. The church also has a newspaper which comes out every three months called "The International News". This newspaper discusses beliefs, worship, prophecy, church news, and world news. The church also supports a program for young people ages 18–30 called "Infuse". This includes a quarterly magazine, a website, and service activities for local churches and communities. The program is run by volunteers and includes older people who support the program. It is also open to young people in other churches.

In 2013, the church decided use the internet more to reach people, and is building a new studio to begin 
broadcasting in high-definition television.


Cojedes

Cojedes State () is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is San Carlos. Cojedes covers a total area of 14,800 km². It had a population of 323,165 in 2011.

Portuguesa

Portuguesa may refer to:





Johann Gottlieb Fichte

Johann Gottlieb Fichte (; ; May 19, 1762 – January 27, 1814), was a German philosopher. He was one of the first philosophers of the movement known as German idealism. He died of typhus in Berlin.

Tom Ellis (actor)

Thomas John Ellis (born 17 November 1978) is a British actor. He is known for playing Lucifer Morningstar in the Fox urban fantasy series "Lucifer" and its DC Universe crossover appearances. He has also played Gary Preston in the BBC One sitcom "Miranda", William Rush in the USA Network series "Rush" and Mark Etches in the supernatural drama "The Fades".

Ellis was born in Cardiff, Wales. He has an English background. His ancestry traces back to the county of Devon. He grew up in England. Ellis went to school in Sheffield.

Ellis was married English actress Tamzin Outhwaite from 2006 until their divorce in 2014. He married American screenwriter Meaghan Oppenheimer in 2019. He has three children.

Benchmark

A benchmark is a standard, or set of standards, that a product can have to show a level of quality. It can also be a test that a person makes a product like a computer do to see how good it can do a task, or set of tasks. Some computer benchmarks are to test the CPU or the GPU. People use benchmarks to see if their computer can run some kinds of software or games. People also use benchmarks to see if one piece of hardware is better than another.

Anti-Federalism

Anti-Federalism refers to a diverse group of Americans who opposed the ratification of the 1787 United States Constitution. Anti-Federalists believed a strong central government could become corrupt and tyrannical, as they believed England had become. They wanted a weak central government just as they had with the Articles of Confederation. One of the many points that the Anti-Federalists disagreed with the Federalists was that the Constitution did not have a Bill of Rights. Federalists argued the Constitution did not need a Bill of Rights, but agreed finally to add several amendments to the Constitution. The House of Representatives approved 17 amendments. The Senate passed on 12 of these for ratification by the states. Of the 12, 10 were ratified by the 13 states, becoming known as the United States Bill of Rights. Virginia was the last to ratify the amendments on December 15, 1791.

Under the new government, many Anti-Federalists created the Democratic-Republican Party.

Lateral root

Lateral roots are plant roots that extend horizontally from the main root (radicle). They serve to anchor the plant securely to the soil. The branching of roots helps water uptake. With the water comes similar required

required for the growth and development of the plant.

Kevin Randleman

Kevin Christopher Randleman (August 10, 1971 – February 11, 2016) was an American mixed martial arts fighter and wrestler. He was a UFC Heavyweight Champion from 1999 to 2000. He fought professionally from 1996 until 2011, winning 17 out of his 33 fights.

Randleman was born in Sandusky, Ohio. He was married twice and had three children.

Randleman died from heart failure caused by pneumonia on February 11, 2016 in San Diego, California. He was 44.

Mabel Matiz

Mabel Matiz (born Fatih Karaca, August 31, 1985 in Mersin) is a Turkish singer, writer and dentist. He chose Mabel Matiz as stage name. Mabel is a character in the novel Kumral Ada Mavi Tuna. Matiz means "drunk" in old Greek language. He has released 3 studio albums. He studied dentistry at the University of Istanbul, and graduated in 2008. He briefly worked in a health care clinic until starting a music career. He is an LGBT supporter and LGBT rights activist.

Chris Isaak

Chris Isaak (born June 26, 1956) is an American rock musician and actor. He is known for his 1950s rock and roll style. His songs are usually about love, loss and heartbreak. His has been singing for four decades. He has had twelve studio albums.

In 1990, his song "Wicked Game" was released. It became a Top 10 hit in 1991.

Isaak was born in Stockton, California.

Nixa, Missouri

Nixa is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 23,257. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri metropolitan area.

The area was first settled by farmers who located their farms along the wooded streams near present day Nixa. Many people traveled through Nixa, because it was a half-day ride with a team of horses from Springfield. Wagon drivers found it a convenient stopover site when hauling freight between Springfield and Arkansas. The community was first known as "Faughts". 
An early resident, Nicholas A. Inman, was a blacksmith from Tennessee who set up a shop in 1852. When a post office was opened, a town meeting was held to decide on a name for the community. Because of his years of service to the community it was suggested the town be named for him. Another suggestion was to call it "nix" because the community was "nothing but a crossroads". It was finally decided to take the name Nix and add the first letter of Inman's middle name, "a", to get the unique name Nixa. The village of Nixa incorporated on June 10, 1902.

Nixa is located at (37.045253, -93.298755). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land. The modern day city rests on and around seven hills.

All the schools in Nixa are public. Currently, the Nixa R-2 School District operates four elementary schools for students in kindergarten through fourth grade. These are Matthews, Espy, Century, and the newest, High Pointe Elementary (named so because it sits on the highest elevation in Christian County), opened in August 2007. There are also two intermediate schools for students in the fifth and sixth grades—Inman and Summit. There is one junior high school and one high school. There is also a magnet school for Kindergarten through 6th grade- John Thomas School of Discovery (JTSD). The old Main Street Elementary School building has become an administration building, named Faught Administration Center. The district is widely considered one of the best school districts in Missouri. The district has received the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education's Distinction in Performance Award for each of the last five years. Its Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) scores surpassed state averages in all 10 assessments. Nixa High School is ranked one of the best in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.

In the Robert Ludlum novels and movies (fiction), Nixa, Missouri is the birthplace of the character Jason Bourne. It was revealed in "The Bourne Supremacy" that Bourne's real name was David Webb and that he was born in Nixa, Missouri.

Several streets in a neighborhood northeast of downtown are named for performers on ABC-TV's "Ozark Jubilee", including Nixa native Slim Wilson. They include Slim Wilson Boulevard, Red Foley Court, Zed Tennis Street, Bill Ring Court, (Speedy) Haworth Court and Ozark Jubilee Drive.

A 2013 episode of the Investigation Discovery television series "Beauty Queen Murder" featured a murder in Nixa—the 1985 death of Jackie Johns. The murder was not solved until 2007, when DNA evidence proved that fellow Nixa resident Gerald Carnahan had raped and murdered the young lady.


Alpine chough

The Alpine chough ("Pyrrhocorax graculus") is a type of bird in the crow family. It is one of only two species in the genus "Pyrrhocorax". It nests in the mountains. It can be found in Spain and Morocco eastwards through southern Europe to the Himalayas.

The golden eagle is a predator on the chough.

Kentucky Camp, Arizona

Kentucky Camp is a ghost town in Arizona. It was a mining camp.

Rocky Road to Dublin

"Rocky Road to Dublin" is an Irish folk song. The song was made in the 19th century by the composer D. K. Gavan. It tells a story about a man who is going from his home in Tuam, Ireland to Liverpool, England. It is a hard song to play and needs a lot of practice.


Undertale

Undertale (also written as UNDERTALE) is a role-playing video game made by Toby Fox, an independent artist.

In the game, players control a human child who has fallen into the Underground, a large and out-of-the-way place under a mountain, separated from the rest of the world by a magic wall called the Barrier. The player meets many kinds of monsters as they try to return to the surface, mainly through the fighting system; the player takes turns selecting actions and avoiding attacks made of many bullets, and can choose to befriend or subdue monsters so that they won't get killed. The player's choices change many things in the game, including how characters act, and what kind of story it is.

Fox developed almost the whole game by himself. He wrote the words and made the music by himself, and only used a few pieces of extra art given to him by other artists. The game was inspired by the "Mother" and "Mario & Luigi" role-playing series, the "bullet hell" shooter series "Touhou Project", and the British comedy show "Mr. Bean". "Undertale" was originally meant to be two hours long and released in mid-2014, but creating the game took over three years, making the story longer and not making the game available until much later.

The game was released on Steam for Microsoft Windows and OS X on September 15, 2015. When it was released, the game was praised for its writing, themes, easy-to-learn fighting system, music, and original ideas; with praise directed towards its story, dialogue, and characters. The game sold over a million copies, and was nominated for many honors and awards, including Game of the Year from many gaming news sources, winning others from conventions including South by Southwest.

"Undertale" is a role-playing game that shows everything from above. In the game, players control a child and finish tasks in order to go forward in the story. Players explore an underground world of towns and areas, and must solve many puzzles on the way. The underground world is the home of monsters, many of whom fight the player; players decide to fight, run away, act, or make friends with them.

When players meet enemies in either scripted events or random encounters, they enter a battle mode. During battles, players control a small red heart which represents their soul, and must avoid attacks shot by the monster(s) in a way much like a bullet hell shooter. Later the game, new types of gameplay are shown. These include blue-colored bullets that only hurt when the player is moving, or orange bullets that only hurt when staying still. Boss battles often introduce these coloured bullet mechanics. Players can use the FIGHT option to attack, which involves timed button presses. Players can also use the ACT option to do many different actions, which are different for each enemy, usually for a peaceful resolution. Players can also use the ITEM option to eat food to heal, or to put on weapons or armor. Players can also use the MERCY option to spare enemies or run away. Monsters can be spared only if they have been beaten up enough to make them weak and unable to fight, or if they have been pleased by the right actions. In order for some boss battles to be completed without involving murder, the player must survive until the character they are facing has finished their dialogue. The game has many story branches and endings depending on whether players choose to murder or spare their enemies; and as such, it is possible to clear the game without murdering a single enemy. Players earn EXP and gold for killing monsters. 

Monsters will talk with players during the battles, and the game will often tell the players what the monster's feelings and actions are. Enemy attacks can change based on how players interact with them: if the player chooses non-violent options, enemy attacks are easy, but they become harder if players choose violent options. The game uses many metafictional elements in both its gameplay and story. When players play in a boss battle more than once, the dialogue will change depending on actions from the times they played the battle before.

In late October 2018, Toby fox hinted at the release of a new game called "Deltarune", which was released on 31 October, on his Twitter page. This new game is set in a similar world to "Undertale" and is familiar to previous players of "Undertale". It follows the story of a human, a monster and a "darkner" to bring balance to the world.

Currently, only Chapter 1 and 2 have been released; Fox plans to create a development team and release the full game, with one ending only, when it is complete.

Manuel Vicente

Manuel Sesimbra Vicente (born 15 May 1956) is an Angolan politician. He has been Vice President of Angola since September 2012. He was born in Central Luanda.

Before becoming vice president, Vicente served as the chairman of Sonangol. Sonangol is an oil and natural gas company owned by the government of Angola.

Rank correlation

A rank correlation is any statistic that measures the relationship between rankings. A "ranking" is the assignment of "first", "second", "third", etc. to different observations of a variable. A rank correlation coefficient measures the degree of similarity between two rankings.

One might test for "do colleges with a higher-ranked basketball program tend to have a higher-ranked football program?" A quite important question is "do people with higher-ranked education tend to get higher levels of income?"

Some of the most used rank correlation statistics are

An increasing rank correlation coefficient implies increasing agreement between rankings. The coefficient is inside the interval [−1, 1] and assumes the value:


Dave Kerby recommended the rank-biserial as the measure to introduce students to rank correlation, because the general logic can be explained at an introductory level. 

Kerby showed that this rank correlation can be expressed in terms of two figures: the percent of data that support a stated hypothesis, and the percent of data that do not support it. The Kerby simple difference formula states that the rank correlation can be expressed as the difference between the proportion of favorable evidence ("f") minus the proportion of unfavorable evidence ("u"). 

Suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods. Group A has 5 runners, and Group B has 4 runners. The hypothesis is that method A produces faster runners. The race to assess the results finds that the runners from Group A do indeed run faster, with the following ranks: 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6. The slower runners from Group B thus have ranks of 5, 7, 8, and 9. 

The analysis is done on pairs, a member of one group compared to a member of the other group. For example, the fastest runner in the study is a member of four pairs: (1,5), (1,7), (1,8), and (1,9). All four of these pairs support the hypothesis, because in each pair the runner from Group A is faster than the runner from Group B. There are a total of 20 pairs, and 19 pairs support the hypothesis. The only pair which does not support the hypothesis are the two runners with ranks 5 and 6, because in this pair, the runner from Group B had the faster time. By the Kerby simple difference formula, 95% of the data support the hypothesis (19 of 20 pairs), and 5% do not support (1 of 20 pairs), so the rank correlation is r = .95 - .05 = .90.

The maximum value for the correlation is r = 1, which means that 100% of the pairs favor the hypothesis. A correlation of r = 0 indicates that half the pairs favor the hypothesis and half do not. An effect size of r = 0 describes "no relationship" between group membership and the members' ranks.

Physical disability

A physical disability is a condition that limits the way the body works. For example, a physical disability may limit the way a part of the body grows, moves, or does what it is supposed to do. 

A congenital disability is a disability that a baby has when they are born, or had before they were born. These disabilities used to be called "birth defects."

The most common congenital disability is congenital heart disease - problems in the way the heart grows and works. In 2013, 34.3 million people around the world had congenital heart disease. Congenital heart disease also causes more deaths than any other congenital disability. In 2013, it caused 323,000 deaths.

Other examples of congenital disabilities include:

Some types of congenital disabilities are genetic. This means the disability was "inherited," or passed down to a person, through their parents' genes.

Examples of inherited physical disabilities include:

Acquired disabilities are disabilities that people get ("acquire") after they are born. Often they are caused by injuries or illnesses. Examples of acquired physical disabilities include:

There have been many famous people with physical disabilities. Below are some examples.

Leaders and politicians


Actors

Singers

Other famous people


Tachometer

A tachometer is a sensor that measures the rotation speed of an object, for example a wheel or shaft. There are different methods to do so (for example, mechanical, optical, or magnetic). Most tachometers display the measurement in revolutions per minute.

Plain view doctrine

The plain view doctrine allows law enforcement officers to collect evidence or contraband found in plain view while they are lawfully present. It is an exception to items spelled out in a search warrant and to the Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures. The doctrine is based on the United States Supreme Court decision "Horton v. California". The court held that the Fourth Amendment does not prohibit warrantless seizures of any evidence which is in plain view.

There are three conditions, all of which must be satisfied, in order to uphold a seizure under the plain view doctrine:

In order for an officer to seize an item, the officer must have probable cause to believe the item is evidence of a crime or is contraband. The police may not move objects to get a better view. In "Arizona v. Hicks" (1987), the officer was found to have acted unlawfully. While investigating a shooting, the officer moved—without probable cause—stereo equipment to record the serial numbers. They also seized three weapons and a stocking-cap mask. The court granted the defendants motion to suppress all the evidence that had been seized because his Fourth Amendment rights had been violated. The plain view doctrine has also been expanded to include the sub doctrines of plain feel, plain smell, and plain hearing.

In committing crimes, criminals routinely use computers and mobile devices. The courts have so far allowed law enforcement a broad authority to examine all files on computers in search of illegal materials.

Phil Gartside

Philip Andrew Gartside (April 1952 – 10 February 2016) was an English businessman. He was born in Leigh, Lancashire. Gartside was chairman of Bolton Wanderers Football Club from 1999 through 2015.

Gartside died in Cheshire from cancer on 10 February 2016. He was aged 63.

André van den Heuvel

André van den Heuvel (4 June 1927 – 9 February 2016) was a Dutch actor. He appeared in more than 55 movies and television shows between 1957 and 2008. He was born in Tegelen, Netherlands. He was known for his roles in "Lifespan" (1976), "Rubens" (1977), "Dag Dokter!" (1978) and in "De rode zwaan" (1999).

Van den Heuvel died in Amsterdam on 9 February 2016 from complications from a stroke. He was aged 88.

New York metropolitan area

The New York metropolitan area is the city and suburbs of New York City. It includes Long Island and the Mid- and Lower Hudson Valley in the state of New York. It also includes north and central New Jersey, three counties in western Connecticut and five counties in northeastern Pennsylvania.

The New York metropolitan area is the most populous in US. This includes the numbers defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). It is also one of the most populous built-up areas in the world, and the single largest in North America.

Warrant (law)

A warrant is a writ that permits someone to take a specific legal action. Most often the writ is from a judge. It is used by law enforcement to take actions such as searching for evidence, making an arrest or seizing property.

In the United States, in order for police and other law enforcement personnel to search for evidence, they need a warrant. They must also have probable cause (a good reason to believe they will find evidence of a crime). A search warrant must be signed by a judge or magistrate. The officer must provide a sworn statement of fact called an affidavit. If the judge or magistrate believes the affidavit establishes probable cause, he or she approves the warrant. A warrant is usually for a specific period of time and spells out exactly what the officers may search for and seize.

In many cases an arrest warrant is not needed. If a police officer personally sees someone committing a crime, the officer may arrest that individual without a warrant. An officer may also arrest someone if they have probable cause to believe the person had committed or were about to commit a crime. For example, a police officer is notified a bank has just been robbed and is given a description of the suspect. The single robber left in a dark blue Ford Mustang. The officer stops a dark blue Ford Mustang with bags of money on the back seat (in plain sight) and the driver matches the description. The officer believes he has probable cause and arrests the driver. 

If the person is in his (or her) own home and the crime is not a serious one, an officer needs an arrest warrant.

In the European Union a European Arrest Warrant (EAW) is most often used between member countries in place of a lengthy extradition process. These came into effect on 1 January 2004. Since that time they are used to arrest dangerous criminals who flee across borders in Europe.

In Japan, an officer may arrest a person they believe may have committed a crime. They can detain the person for up to 48 hours. The police are required to inform the person why they were arrested. During the 48 hour period, the person may be brought before a prosecutor if the police have enough evidence. If the prosecutor believes the evidence is enough, they request a warrant of detention before a judge within 24 hours. The defendant appears before the judge when the warrant is requested. The case may be dropped for lack of evidence either before the prosecutor or before the judge.

<br>

Prince William County, Virginia

Prince William County is a county in Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 482,204.

2015 Washington, D.C., mass murder

The 2015 Washington, D.C., mass murder occurred on May 14, 2015. Three members of the Savopoulos family (Savvas, Amy, and their son, Philip) were murdered at their home in Washington, D.C.. Their housekeeper, Veralicia Figueroa, was also murdered. The victims were held hostage for nineteen hours, from May 13. Ten-year-old Philip was tortured in order to coerce $40,000 in cash from the family.
The killers restrained the victims with duct tape before killing them. They then set the house on fire. All the victims had been hit with something, and Philip was also stabbed.

The Savopouloses were an upper-class family. They lived in the Woodley Park neighborhood of Northwest Washington. Savvas Savopoulos was the CEO and President of American Iron Works. This is a construction company that helped build the Verizon Center.

The murder victims are:


The family left behind two teenage daughters, Abigail and Katerina Savopoulos.

Greater Mexico City

Greater Mexico City refers to the conurbation around Mexico City. The official name is Mexico City Metropolitan Area ("Área Metropolitana de la Ciudad de México"). It is made up of the Federal District itself and 41 surrounding municipalities of the states of Mexico and Hidalgo.

The Mexico City Metropolitan Area is defined to be integrated by:



Tizayuca

Tizayuca is a city and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. It covers an area of 92.5 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 56,573. 

La Paz (disambiguation)

La Paz is the administrative capital of Bolivia.

La Paz may also refer to:










La Paz Municipality, Mexico

La Paz is a municipality in the State of Mexico, Mexico. Its municipal seat is the town of Los Reyes Acaquilpan. It is located on the dividing line between Mexico State and the eastern edge of the Federal District and is part of the Greater Mexico City area. The area was part of a region called "Atlicpac" which in Nahuatl means 'above or at the edge of water.' The current city's/municipality's glyph symbolizes water.

San Mateo Piñas

San Mateo Piñas is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 211.8 km². 
It is part of the Pochutla District in the east of the Costa Region.

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,647.

San Mateo

San Mateo, Spanish for Saint Matthew, is the name for many places:












San Mateo Río Hondo

San Mateo Río Hondo is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico. It is part of the Miahuatlán District in the south of the Sierra Sur Region.

Charles C. Campbell

Charles C. "Hondo" Campbell (1948 – February 8, 2016) was an American general. He was the 17th Commanding General in the United States Army Forces Command (FORSCOM). He previously served as FORSCOM’s Deputy Commanding General and Chief of Staff from April 26, 2006 to January 8, 2007. He assumed his Commanding General assignment January 9, 2007, and completed it June 3, 2010. He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana.

Campbell died in Shreveport on February 8, 2016, from a heart attack. He was aged 68.

Violette Verdy

Violette Verdy (born Nelly Armande Guillerm; 1 December 1933 – 8 February 2016) was a French ballerina, choreographer, teacher, and writer. She worked as a dance company director in France and the United States. She was a Distinguished Professor of Music (Ballet) at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University, in Bloomington, Indiana. She was an artistic director of the Paris Opera Ballet and Boston Ballet, and the recipient of two medals from the French government. She was born in Pont-l'Abbé, France.

Verdy died in Bloomington, Indiana from heart failure on 8 February 2016. She was aged 82.

Kingdom of Mysore

The kingdom of Mysore was a kingdom in southern India. It was founded by the Wadiyar dynasty in 1399. They ruled from 1399 to 1947. The last ruler was Tipu Sultan. At first they ruled as vassals of the Vijayanagara Empire from 1399 to 1565. From 1565 to 1761 they were independent rulers. From 1761 to 1796 they ruled in name only. The actual power was with Hyder Ali and his son Tipu Sultan. When Tipu Sultan died at the hands of the British, they ruled from 1799 to 1947 as British allies.

Brain injury

Brain injury means that the brain has been hurt in some way. Many different things can hurt the brain. For example, brain injuries can happen before a baby is even born. These are called congenital brain injuries.

A physical injury (trauma) can also hurt the brain (for example, if a person hits their head in a car accident). These types of brain injuries are called traumatic brain injuries.

Many medical problems can also injure the brain. For example, the brain can get injured if it does not get enough oxygen (for example, during a stroke).

All brain injuries are different. Some are mild (not very bad); some are severe (very bad). Some are temporary (they get better); some get better slowly over time; and some never get better. Also, since the brain controls every part of the body, the symptoms of brain injury can be very different for different people. This depends partly on what part of the brain was injured, and how badly.

Congenital brain injuries are caused by something that damages a fetus's brain during a woman's pregnancy.

For example, a fetus can get a congenital brain injury if:

Traumatic brain injuries (TBI) are caused by a physical injury to the brain. They can happen when the head suddenly hits an object very hard, like in a car accident. They can also happen when something - like a bullet or knife - goes through the head and into the brain.

Traumatic brain injury is one of the most common causes of disability everywhere in the world. It is more common in developing countries. All over the world, about 10 million people are affected by TBI every year.

Experts estimate that the most common causes of TBI in the world are:

War and violence are often much more common causes of TBI in certain parts of the world. In the past, these places have included Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.

Traumatic brain injury has become one of the most common types of injuries in soldiers serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. The United States Department of Defense says that 22% of all injuries from these wars are traumatic brain injuries.

Some traumatic brain injuries are mild and can get better with time, like a concussion. Others are more serious, especially if they cause bleeding or swelling in the brain.

Another major type of brain injury is a hypoxic brain injury. This happens when the brain does not get enough oxygen. This can happen for many reasons, like:

The brain can also be injured by many other things. Some examples are:

The signs and symptoms of a brain injury depend on many things.

A "diffuse" injury hurts the entire brain. For example, if a person is drowning, and cannot breathe, no part of their brain will get oxygen. If this lasts long enough, the entire brain will be injured by not having enough oxygen.

A "focal" injury hurts just part of the brain. For example, in some strokes, a person has a blood clot that blocks the blood flow to just part of their brain. If the person gets good medical treatment, just that part of their brain may be injured.

This is important because different parts of the brain control different things. When a person has a focal brain injury, their symptoms will depend on what part of the brain was injured. For example, if a part of the brain that controls speech was injured, the person may have trouble speaking.

A brain injury's symptoms may also depend on how bad the injury was.

For example, brain injuries can cause changes or problems in a person's thinking, senses, feelings, or ability to move. However, some people might have mild problems in these areas, while other people might have more serious problems:


There are many different treatments that may help people with brain injuries. For example:

H.264/MPEG-4 AVC

H.264 or MPEG-4 Part 10, Advanced Video Coding is a way to code videos in order to make them smaller.

It can be used for both lossy compression and lossless compression, though it is usually used for lossy compression. H.264 is used in many places including Blu-Ray players, as well as videos streamed through sites like Youtube. It is also used in some TV broadcasts.

H.264 has a successor called HEVC.

Dominique D'Onofrio

Dominique D'Onofrio (18 April 1953 – 12 February 2016) was an Italian footballer, coach and later chairman. He was born in Castelforte, Italy. He played for R.R.F.C. Montegnée during the 1970s. He was the head coach of Standard de Liège for almost ten years.

D'Onofrio died on 12 February 2016 from a heart attack while on a trip in Buenos Aires. He was aged 62.


August P. Mardesich

August Paul "Augie" Mardesich (February 11, 1920 – February 8, 2016) was an American politician from the state of Washington. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in San Pedro, California. Mardesich served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 1950 through 1963. He also served as a member of the Washington Senate from the 38th district from 1963 through 1978. 

Mardesich died in Mill Creek, Washington from dementia on February 8, 2016. He was aged 95.

Eliseo Prado

Eliseo Prado (17 September 1929 – 10 February 2016) was an Argentine football forward. He played for Argentina in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Atlético River Plate. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Prado died of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Buenos Aires on 10 February 2016. He was aged 86.

Honda (Colombia)

Honda is a city in the Tolima Department in Colombia. In 2015, about 35,000 people lived there. The city was founded in 1539, and has city status since 1830. Together with Libano it is the seat of the Roman Catholic diocesese Libano-Honda.

Rithvik Dhanjani

Rithvik Dhanjani is an Indian television actor. He played Arjun Digvijay Kirloskar in "Pavitra Rishta". He won the Indian dance reality show "Nach Baliye 6" with his partner Asha Negi and also the host of Zee Rishtey Awards. In June 2012, Dhanjani entered "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5" as Wild Card entry and came in third place.

I Will Never Let You Down

"I Will Never Let You Down" is a song by British recording artist Rita Ora. It was first planned as lead single for her upcoming second studio album. But it was later released as a buzz single. It was written and produced by Calvin Harris. The single was released on 31 March 2014.

The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart making it Ora's fourth overall UK number-one single.

The music video features twin dancers Polly Duniam and Sophie Duniam.


Character encoding

Given a number of characters of an alphabet, a character encoding is a function that will map each character to a number. This number must be unique and is called code point. In this context, a character is the minimal unit of text that has a semantic value: In alphabets that use letters, this is usually a letter. Early systems, like the telegraph only have a part of all the letters possible. They have only uppercase letters, numbers, and a few extra characters (punctuation, spacing, newline..). The flag alphabet ships use is even more restricted.

The Elements of Style

The Elements of Style is an American English how-to-do-it writing style guide. It lists brief guidelines for writing simple English. The book ran to many reprints. 

The original was composed by William Strunk Jr. in 1918, and was published by Harcourt in 1920. It had eight "elementary rules of usage", ten "elementary principles of composition", "a few matters of form", a list of 49 "words and expressions commonly misused", and a list of 57 "words often misspelled". 

E. B. White much enlarged and revised the book for publication by Macmillan, in 1959. That was the first edition of the so-called "Strunk & White", which "Time" called in 2011 "one of the 100 best and most influential books written in English since 1923".

The first printing of the 1959 edition sold about two million copies. In the following four decades, more than ten million copies of the three printings (1959 edition, 1972 edition, and 1988 edition) have been sold.

Amniotic sac

The amniotic sac holds a fetus while it is developing during pregnancy. The amniotic sac is filled with amniotic fluid, which protects the fetus. 

The amniotic sac starts to form and fill with amniotic fluid just days after a woman gets pregnant. At first, the amniotic fluid is made from the mother's plasma (the liquid part of her blood).

At first, the amniotic fluid is made mostly of water with electrolytes (salts). However, by the 12th to the 14th week of pregnancy, proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, phospholipids, and urea are all in the amniotic fluid. These things help the fetus grow.

As the fetus gets bigger, more amniotic fluid gets created. By the time the baby is born, there is about one liter of amniotic fluid in the amniotic sac.

The amniotic fluid is very important in protecting the fetus and helping the fetus grow:

After the fetus is about four months old, when the kidneys start to work, the amniotic fluid serves another important purpose. The fetus swallows amniotic fluid. This fluid passes through the fetus's digestive system and urinary system and gets urinated out into the amniotic fluid. This helps the fetus "practice" swallowing, digesting, and urinating before being born.

The amniotic sac has two layers, which have two different jobs. The inside layer holds in the fetus and the amniotic fluid. The outside layer attaches to the umbilical cord, so that blood and oxygen from the mother can get through the amniotic sac and to the fetus.

A sample of amniotic fluid can show whether a fetus has certain genetic disorders or infections. A test called an amniocentesis can take a sample of amniotic fluid with a needle and study it for problems.

When a woman starts to give birth, the amniotic sac should break and the amniotic fluid will leak out the woman's vagina. This is often called the time when a woman's "water breaks." Doctors call it "rupture of membranes."

Once the baby is born, the amniotic sac is pushed out of the woman's vagina in the afterbirth, along with the placenta.

A record

In the Domain Name System, an A record is something that changes a domain name into a 32-bit IP address (or "IPv4 address"). A domain can have many A records, for example, the domain "example.com" could have an A record for "www.example.com" that points to the IP "127.0.0.1", and another A record for "mail.example.com" that points to the IP "127.0.0.2".



AAAA record

In the Domain Name System, an AAAA record is something that changes a domain name into a 128-bit IP address (or "IPv6 address"). A domain can have many AAAA records, for example, the domain "example.com" could have an AAAA record for "www.example.com" that points to the IP "2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:0000:3257:9652", and another AAAA record for "mail.example.com" that points to the IP "2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:0000:3257:9653".


The domain name RFC

Aizawl

Aizawl is the capital city of the state of Mizoram in India. It has a population of 293,416 according to the census of 2011. It is the largest city in the state. The population of Aizawl is mostly ethnic Mizo people. The people are mostly Christian.

Aizawl is located in the northern part of Mizoram. It is 1,132 metres (3715 ft) above sea level. In the summer the temperatures range from , and in the winter .


Mapp v. Ohio

Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643 (1961), was a landmark decision in criminal procedure. The United States Supreme Court ruled that evidence obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment may not be used at trial in a state court.

On May 23, 1957, in Cleveland, Ohio, three police officers arrived at the home of a Miss Mapp, the appellant. The officers said they had information a bombing suspect was in the house and demanded entry. After telephoning her attorney, she refused to admit them without a search warrant. The officers watched the house until more officers arrived. Three hours later and with four more police officers, they again demanded entrance to the home. When Mapp did not come to the door immediately, a door was forced open and the police entered. At about the same time, Mapp's attorney arrived, but was refused permission to see his client or to enter the home. When Mapp was halfway down the stairs she demanded to see the search warrant. A piece of paper was flashed at her which she grabbed and hid on her person. The officers grabbed her to physically recover the paper. The paper was not a warrant. The police did not find the bombing suspect. However, they did find books and photographs they said were sexually explicit. At trial, the prosecution did not produce a search warrant or prove one was ever issued. Mapp was convicted of violating Ohio state law prohibiting “lewd, lascivious, or obscene material.” She was sentenced to one to seven years in prison. Mapp appealed the conviction based on her First Amendment rights.

The Supreme Court of Ohio heard the case. The court believed an argument could be made for reversing the case because of the way the evidence was obtained. But they did not determine the evidence was taken from Mapp's person by the use of brutal force against the defendant. They added that even if the search was made without authority, it could be used at the state trial. They ruled the Fourteenth Amendment does not forbid the admission of evidence gained by unreasonable search and seizure. Therefore, her appeal was denied. 

In their decision, the court ruled in favor of Mapp and overturned her conviction. In the 6-3 decision, the court found the states were also required to exclude evidence seized in violation of a person's Fourth Amendment rights. They stated that any evidence obtained in searches and seizures that violated the Constitution were not admissible in state courts. Otherwise, there would be no right against unreasonable search and seizure. Associate justice Tom C. Clark delivered the majority opinion.


O. N. V. Kurup

Ottaplakkal Neelakandan Velu Kurup (27 May 1931 – 13 February 2016), popularly known as O. N. V. Kurup or simply O. N. V., was an Indian poet and lyricist. He won Jnanpith Award, the highest literary award in India in 2007. He was born in Chavara, Kollam.

Kurup wrote lyrics for music used in Malayalam cinema. He has written a lot of lyrics for dramas and television serials also. He received the awards Padma Shri in 1998 and Padma Vibhushan in 2011, the fourth and second highest civilian honours from the Government of India. In 2007 he was given an Honorary Doctorate by University of Kerala, Trivandrum. O. N. V. was known for his leftist political views. He was the Left Democratic Front (LDF) candidate in the Thiruvananthapuram constituency for the Lok Sabha elections in 1989.

Kurup died of respiratory failure on 13 February 2016 in Trivandrum, Kerala. He was aged 84.

Bořek Šípek

Bořek Šípek (14 June 1949 – 13 February 2016) was a known Czech architect and designer. He was born in Prague. Šípek was known for his individual, unusual, colorful and rich style. He experiments with unexpected and often weird shapes. Šípek has been called the father of "neo-baroque". His architectural works and other designs are known worldwide.

He was the architect of Prague Castle under the presidency of Václav Havel, and designed Havel's Place. Šípek was knight of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. He had three sons, one of them with Leona Machálková.

Šípek died on 13 February 2016 from cancer in Prague. He was aged 66.

Joachim Peiper

Joachim Peiper, (30 January 1915 in Berlin – 14 July 1976 in Traves, Haute-Saône), also known as Jochen Peiper, was a waffen-SS military officer of Nazi Germany during World War II. 

He was a field officer of the Waffen-SS (he had the rank of SS-Standartenführer der Waffen-SS, comparable with the rank of colonel). He was personal adjutant to the commander of the Schutzstaffel (SS), Heinrich Himmler. He held this position between November 1940 and August 1941. Peiper fought on both the Eastern Front against the Red Army and the Western Front against the Western Allies. He won the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords for bravery on the battlefield and his leadership skills. By 1945, he was in command of a regiment of the Waffen-SS. He was the Waffen-SS's youngest regimental colonel.

Peiper was convicted of war crimes committed in Belgium. He was imprisoned for almost 12 years. He was also accused of war crimes in Italy. However, Italian and German courts decided that there was not enough evidence. After his release from prison, Peiper worked for both Porsche and Volkswagen. He then moved to France. In France he translated books from English to German under the pseudonym Rainer Buschmann. Peiper was murdered in France in July 1976. He was shot by unknown people who then burned his house to the ground using Molotov cocktails.

Promotions and Ranks in the SS (1936-1945)

SS-Untersturmfuhrer (Second Lieutenant) ; 1936-1939

SS-Obersturmfuhrer (First Lieutenant) ; 1939-1940)

SS-Hauptsturmfuhrer (Captain) ; 1940-1943

SS-Sturmbannfuhrer (Major),Obersturmbannfuhrer (Lieutenant-Colonel) ; 1943-1945

SS-Standartenfuhrer (Colonel) ; 1945

Mexico (disambiguation)

Mexico is a country in North America.

Mexico may also refer to:



MX record

In the Domain Name System, an MX record is something that a domain uses to tell people and software the IP address of an email server. There can be more than one MX record for a domain. When there is more than one record, DNS uses a priority list that tells whatever is looking up the records to try the IP addresses in a certain order. For example, "example.com" might have a set of MX records that say for "mail.example.com" to try "127.0.0.5" first. If that try fails, another record will say to try "127.0.0.6". This behavior makes email more reliable.



Anti-lock braking system

An anti-lock braking system (ABS) is a safety system that prevents the wheels of a vehicle (for example car, motorcycle) from locking up when it is strongly braked. The goal is to keep the vehicle controllable, because a wheeled vehicle can only be safely steered when its wheels are not skidding.

The Milli Gazette

Milli Gazette (MG) is an English-language newspaper in India. It is a compact newspaper. It describes itself as the leading English newspaper for Indian Muslims. Feature articles generally cover global news concerning Muslims, focusing especially on Indian Muslim issues. 


Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States

Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States are the members of the Supreme Court of the United States other than the Chief Justice of the United States. The number of Associate Justices is ruled by the United States Congress and is currently set at eight by the Judiciary Act of 1869.

The President "shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint... Judges of the supreme Court." Although the Constitution refers to them as "Judges of the Supreme Court," the title actually used is "Associate Justice," introduced in the Judiciary Act of 1789. Associate justices were traditionally styled "Mr. Justice" in court opinions, but the title was shortened to "Justice" in 1980, a year before the first female justice was appointed.

Each of the Justices of the Supreme Court has a single vote in deciding the cases argued before it; the Chief Justice's vote counts no more than that of any other Justice.

Under 28 USC 3, when the Chief Justice is unable to discharge his functions, or that office is vacant, his duties are carried out by the most senior Associate Justice until the disability or the vacancy ends.

The current Associate Justices are (in order of seniority):

Johnny Lattner

John Joseph Lattner (October 24, 1932 – February 12, 2016) was an American football player. While playing college football for the University of Notre Dame, he won the Heisman Trophy in 1953. He also won the Maxwell Award twice, in 1952 and 1953. Lattner played professionally for one season in the National Football League (NFL), with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1954. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Lattner died in Oak Park, Illinois on February 12, 2016 from lung cancer. He was aged of 83.

Judicial interpretation

Judicial interpretation is an explanation of how the judiciary interprets the law. In Common law, judicial interpretation is made up of guidelines that come from case law rather than from a legislature. These represent all previous judicial decisions. In constitutional law, there are different methods of judicial interpretation. These include:











Incorporation of the Bill of Rights

The incorporation of the Bill of Rights (also called incorporation for short) is how American courts have applied portions of the U.S. Bill of Rights to the states. This has been done through the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Before 1925, the Bill of Rights was held only to apply to the federal government. Under the incorporation doctrine, most provisions of the Bill of Rights now also apply to the state and local governments.

Prior to the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment and what became the incorporation doctrine, the Supreme Court in 1833 held in "Barron v. Baltimore" that the Bill of Rights applied only to the federal government, not the states. Even years after the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, the Supreme Court in "United States v. Cruikshank" (1876) still held that the First and Second Amendment did not apply to state governments. However, beginning in the 1920s, a series of Supreme Court decisions interpreted the Fourteenth Amendment to "incorporate" most portions of the Bill of Rights, making these portions, for the first time, enforceable against the state governments. This process has been called selective incorporation.

2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of first round

This is the Results of the first round of 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Sri Srinivasan

Padmanabhan Srikanth "Sri" Srinivasan (born February 23, 1967) is an American jurist. He is the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since May 2013. 

He was confirmed by the United States Senate by a vote of 97–0 on May 23, 2013. Before being confirmed as a judge he was the Principal Deputy Solicitor General of the United States. He has argued 25 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. He was also a lecturer at Harvard Law School.

Srinivasan also is known for having represented former Enron executive Jeffrey Skilling in his appeal before the U.S. Supreme Court, "Skilling v. United States" (2010).

Srinivasan was born in Chandigarh, India on February 23, 1967. He was raised in Lawrence, Kansas. He played basketball at Lawrence High School. He studied at Stanford University.

On June 11, 2012, President Barack Obama nominated Srinivasan to the seat on the D.C. Circuit. He was nominated again on January 3, 2013, after the Senate adjourned.

His Senate confirmation hearing on April 10, 2013, was uneventful. His nomination was reported to the floor of the Senate on May 16, 2013, by a unanimous vote of 18 for and 0 against. A final vote on his nomination took place on May 23, 2013, where he was confirmed 97-0. He received his commission on May 24, 2013. He received the oath of office from Chief Judge Merrick Garland on June 18, 2013.

On February 13, 2016, just hours after the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, there were rumors being published in the media that Srinivasan was the most likely nominee President Barack Obama was going to put forward to replace Scalia.

On March 16, 2016, Obama nominated Merrick Garland to replace Scalia.

Srinivasan lives in Arlington, Virginia. He has been married to Carla J. Garrett.

John Danforth

John Claggett Danforth (born September 5, 1936) is a retired American politician. He began his career in 1968 as the Attorney General of Missouri. He served three terms as a United States Senator from Missouri. He is considered a moderate and conciliator. He has been periodically called out of retirement by both of the major political parties to fill diplomatic roles. In 2004, he served briefly as United States Ambassador to the United Nations.

Danforth is an ordained Episcopal priest. He presided over the state funeral of Ronald (2004) and Nancy Reagan (2016).

Danforth was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He is the son of Dorothy (Claggett) and Donald Danforth. He is the grandson of William H. Danforth, founder of Purina Mills. His father was the CEO of its successor, Ralston Purina. Danforth's brother, Dr. William Henry Danforth, is former chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis.

Danforth attended St. Louis Country Day School for high school. He eventually went to Princeton University where he received his bachelor's degree in 1958. While in college Danforth joined Lambda Chi Alpha, a fraternity. He then attended law and divinity graduate schools at Yale University. He was employed a short time at the New York law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell.

Leo Ehlen

Leo Ehlen (20 May 1953 – 10 February 2016) was a Dutch football player. He was born in Broeksittard, Limburg (Netherlands). He was a defender and defensive midfielder. Ehlen started his professional career with Fortuna SC and joined Roda JC in 1975. With Roda JC, he played alongside Dick Nanninga, Pierre Vermeulen and Theo de Jong. He was nicknamed the "Neeskens of Roda" after Johan Neeskens. Ehlen scored 6 goals in 233 official matches for the club. He left them after nine years for a short time with Belgian team Waterschei.

Ehlen died in Sittard, Netherlands on 10 February 2016 from kidney disease. He was aged 62.

Star City (comics)

Star City is a fictional city in DC Comics. It is the home of Queen Industries, owned by millionaire Oliver Queen. Queen is the Green Arrow, a trained archer. He protects this city.

YouTube Premium

YouTube Premium, previously known as Music Key or YouTube Red is a premium subscription service to YouTube. It allows users to watch videos without any advertisements and allows users to download videos to their mobile devices (but not desktop computers). It costs $11 USD per month as of April 2020, with a free trial that is given new users. 

YouTube Premium was originally launched on November 14, 2014, as Music Key, offering advertisement-free streaming of music videos from participating labels on YouTube and Google Play Music. The service was then revised and relaunched as YouTube Red on October 31, 2015, expanding its scope to offer advertisement-free access to all YouTube videos, as opposed to just music. 

YouTube announced the rebranding of the service as YouTube Premium on May 17, 2018, alongside the return of a separate, YouTube Music subscription service. Later in the year, it was reported that YouTube was planning to make some of the original content associated with the service available on an ad-supported basis.
A YouTube Premium subscription allows users to watch videos on YouTube without advertisements across the website and its mobile apps, including the dedicated YouTube Music, YouTube Gaming, and YouTube Kids apps and services. Through the apps, users can also save videos to their device for offline viewing, play their audio in the background, and in picture-in-picture mode on Android Oreo and newer. YouTube Premium also offers original content that is exclusive to subscribers, which is created and published by YouTube's largest creators.

United States presidential primary

In the United States, a presidential primary is a series of elections and caucuses within a political party. They are held to choose the party's candidate for the presidential election. This process was never included in the United States Constitution; it was created over time by the political parties. Some states hold only primary elections, some hold only caucuses, and others use a combination of both.

These primaries and caucuses are staggered generally between either late-January or early-February, and mid-June before the presidential election in November. The primary elections are run by state and local governments.


Latrobe, Pennsylvania

Latrobe is a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania in the United States and part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The city population was 8,060 as of the 2020 census (9,265 in 1990). Latrobe was incorporated as a borough in 1854, and as a city in 1999.


Viggo Rivad

Viggo Reinholdt Rivad (3 July 1922 – 8 February 2016) was a Danish photographer. His career began in 1946, and he went on to win many competitions in the 1950s and 1960s. He was born in Nørrebro, Denmark. 

Around 1960, he adopted his so-called "essay approach". The essay approach uses a series of photographs to tell a story. This resulted in a series of related photographs such as ""Et farvel"" (1962) and ""Laurits"" (1971). Rivad also earned a living as a taxi driver. He was a quiet, dedicated photographer, concentrating on disadvantaged areas and people on the edges of society. His humanitarian messages were a result of his anger and concern for society's outcasts.

Rivad died in Copenhagen, Denmark of complications from a stroke on 8 February 2016. He was 93 years old.

Trifon Ivanov

Trifon Marinov Ivanov (; 27 July 1965 – 13 February 2016) was a Bulgarian international footballer. He played as a defender.

Ivanov played his first game for Bulgaria in 1988. He earned 76 caps and scored 6 goals over a ten-year international career. He played in the 1994 and 1998 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 1996 UEFA European Championship.

Ivanov died of a heart attack on 13 February 2016 in Samovodene, Bulgaria. He was aged 50.

Competition (biology)

Competition is an interaction between organisms or species in which the fitness of one is lowered by the presence of another. According to evolutionary theory, this competition within and between species for resources plays a role in natural selection.

Competition occurs when organisms or species need or use the same resources. Common resources are food, water and territory.

Two species in competition often continue long-term in the same environment. This suggests they each have an "edge" which the other does not. In may cases "being there first" is a big edge. For example, plants consume nitrogen by absorbing it into their roots, making nitrogen unavailable to nearby plants. 

Species in competition may directly interfere with each other. An example of this can be seen between the ant "Novomessor cockerelli" and red harvester ants, where the first interferes with the ability of the second to forage. It does this by plugging the entrances to their rival's colonies with small rocks.


Ottoman Turkish

Ottoman Turkish , or the Ottoman language ( ) (also known as or , "Turkish"), is a type of Turkish language that was used in the Ottoman Empire between the 13th and 20th centuries. It was heavily influenced by Arabic and Persian. It was written in the Arabic and Persian alphabets. When the Ottoman Empire was at its most powerful, Arabic and Persian words made up to 88% of its vocabulary. Words of Arabic origins heavily outnumbered native Turkish words.


2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of second round

This is the Results of the second round of 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Muriel Casals i Couturier

Muriel Casals i Couturier (April 6, 1945 – February 14, 2016) was a French-born Spanish economist. She was an emeritus professor in the Department of Economics and Historical Economics in the Autonomous University of Barcelona (UAB). She was also vicedean of International Relations and Cooperation between 2002 and 2005.

She specialized in industrial reconversions, the history of economic thought and European economics. Casals was also the representative of the UAB in the Xarxa Vives d'Universitats (Live University Networks) between 2002 and 2009. She had been a visiting professor at the University of Edinburgh, the London School of Economics and the University of Wales at Bangor. She was born in Avignon, France to Spanish parents.

Couturier died on February 14, 2016 in Barcelona. She had been injured after being hit by a bicycle. She was aged 70.

Eric Lubbock, 4th Baron Avebury

Eric Reginald Lubbock, 4th Baron Avebury, PC (29 September 1928 – 14 February 2016) was an English politician.

He served as the Liberal Member of Parliament for Orpington from 1962 to 1970. He served in the House of Lords, having inherited the title of Baron Avebury in 1971. In 1999, when most hereditary peers were removed from the House of Lords, he was elected by his fellow Liberal Democrats to remain. When he died, he was the longest-serving Liberal Democrat peer.

Lubbock died on 14 February 2016 in London from leukemia. He was aged 87.

Liberal Party (UK)

The Liberal Party was a liberal political party. It was one of the two big political parties in the United Kingdom in the 19th and early 20th century.

The party came from an alliance of Whigs and free-trade Peelites and radicals in the 1850s. In the next 50 years it formed four governments under William Gladstone. 

The party split over the issue of Irish Home Rule. It returned to power in 1906 with a landslide victory. They introduced the welfare reforms that created a basic British welfare state. 

H. H. Asquith was Liberal Prime Minister between 1908 and 1916. He was followed by David Lloyd George, whose premiership lasted until 1922. At that time the coalition the party had formed with the Conservative Party in World War I came to an end.

By the end of the 1920s, the Labour Party had replaced the Liberals as the Conservatives' main rival. The party went into decline. By the 1950s, it won no more than six seats at general elections.

Apart from notable by-election victories, the party's fortunes did not improve significantly until it formed the SDP-Liberal Alliance with the newly formed Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 1981. At the 1983 General Election, the Alliance won over a quarter of the vote, but only 23 of the 650 seats it contested. At the 1987 General Election, it won less than 23% of the vote.

The Liberal and Social Democratic parties merged in 1988 to form the Liberal Democrats. 

Prominent intellectuals associated with the Liberal Party include the philosopher John Stuart Mill, the economist John Maynard Keynes and social planner William Beveridge.

List of landmark court decisions in the United States

The following is a partial list of landmark court decisions in the United States. Landmark decisions establish a significant new legal precedent or concept. They can also substantially change the interpretation of existing law. Such a decision may settle the law in more than one way:

In the United States, landmark court decisions come most frequently from the Supreme Court. Sometimes United States courts of appeals make such decisions, particularly if the Supreme Court chooses not to review the case or if it adopts the holding of the lower court. Although many cases from state supreme courts are significant in developing the law of that state, only a few are so radically different that they announce standards that many other state courts then choose to follow.

The Supreme Court has dealt with many cases of discrimination based on race or ethnicity. This is a partial list of such cases. 


































Medea

In Greek mythology, Medea (; , "Mēdeia", , "Medea") is a sorceress of Greek mythology. She was the daughter of King Aeëtes of Colchis, niece of Circe, granddaughter of the sun god Helios. She married the hero Jason, and had two children with him, Mermeros and Pheres. In Euripides's play "Medea", Jason leaves Medea when Creon, king of Corinth, offers him his daughter, Glauce. The play tells of Medea avenging her husband's betrayal by killing their children.

The myths involving Jason have been interpreted as part of a class of myths that tell how the Hellenes of the distant heroic age, before the Trojan War, faced the challenges of the pre-Greek "Pelasgian" cultures of mainland Greece, the Aegean and Anatolia. Jason, Perseus, Theseus, and above all Heracles, are all figures on the threshold between the old world of shamans, earth deities, and the new Bronze Age Greek ways.

Medea figures in the myth of Jason and the Argonauts, a myth known best from a late literary version worked up by Apollonius of Rhodes in the 3rd century BC and called the "Argonautica." However, for all its self-consciousness and researched archaic vocabulary, the late epic was based on very old, scattered materials. Medea is known in most stories as an enchantress and is often depicted as a priestess of the goddess Hecate or a witch. The myth of Jason and Medea is very old, originally written around the time Hesiod wrote the "Theogony". It was known to the composer of the "Little Iliad", part of the Epic Cycle.

Cloak

A cloak is a type of loose garment. It is worn over indoor clothing. It protects a person, for example from cold or rain. It may be part of an outfit or uniform. Cloaks have been used by many historical societies. Their designs, over time, have been changed to match fashion and available textiles.

Cloaks generally fasten at the neck or over the shoulder. They can be different lengths, from hip all the way down the ankle. They may have an attached hood. They may fasten down the front. Cloaks are almost always sleeveless.

Equal Protection Clause

The Equal Protection Clause is part of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The clause, which took effect in 1868, provides that no state shall deny to any person within its jurisdiction "the equal protection of the laws". 

A primary motivation for this clause was to validate the equality provisions contained in the Civil Rights Act of 1866, which guaranteed that all people would have rights equal to those of all citizens. As a whole, the Fourteenth Amendment marked a large shift in American constitutionalism. It applied substantially more constitutional restrictions against the states than had applied before the Civil War.

The meaning of the Equal Protection Clause has been the subject of much debate. It has inspired the well-known phrase "Equal Justice Under Law". These words are inscribed on the U.S. Supreme court building. This clause was the basis for "Brown v. Board of Education" (1954). This Supreme Court decision that helped to dismantle racial segregation, and also the basis for many other decisions rejecting discrimination against people belonging to various groups.

The Equal Protection Clause itself applies only to state and local governments. However, the Supreme Court held in "Bolling v. Sharpe" (1954) that equal protection requirements apply to the federal government through the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment.


Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing

Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing is a truck racing video game released in 2003. It was developed by Stellar Stone and published by GameMill Publishing. The game was released unfinished and is missing many features, including collision detection. It is often considered to be the worst video game ever made. The game has a cult following because of how bad it is.

The game has five racetracks, one of which causes the game to crash when selected. Each level starts with an opponent that either doesn't move, or in a patched version will move but will never complete the race. When the race is finished, the grammatically incorrect message "You're Winner" is displayed, and the race ends. There is no way for the player to lose the race or for the computer opponent to win. It is possible to drive through buildings, up mountains, and even outside the level due to the lack of collision detection.

State supreme court

In the United States, a state supreme court (known by other names in some states) is the highest judicial tribunal in the court system of a particular state. 

Generally, the state supreme court, like most appellate courts, is exclusively for hearing appeals from lower courts. It does not make any finding of facts, and thus holds no trials. In the case where the trial court made an egregious error in its finding of facts, the state supreme court will send the case back to the trial court for a new trial. This responsibility of correcting the errors of inferior courts is the origin of a number of the different names for supreme courts in various state court systems. The court consists of a panel of judges selected by methods outlined in the state constitution. 

Many states elect their state Supreme Court justices and/or use elections to retain judges. Since 2000, the amount of money raised by judicial candidates has risen enormously. Special interest groups have contributed to many of these campaigns raising questions of impartiality. The US Supreme Court, in "Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal Co." (2009) in a 5-4 decision, ruled that an elected state supreme court judge sitting on a case involving a campaign contributor was a violation of due process. 

<br>

Investment bank

An Investment Bank is a business that helps other businesses (and also governments) borrow money and/or allow businesses to partially or fully sell themselves to other people and businesses. Unlike a regular bank, they do not typically lend their own money or use their own money to buy part or all of a business. They help to match the business financing need to investors who are seeking to earn money by either lending to the business or owning part of the business.

In the mid 20th century, certain investment banks started to help their business clients to sell their business entirely to other businesses instead of to investors, as well as to help businesses decide what other business they should buy, with a fee based on the sale price of the business. This is called Mergers and Acquisitions. There are many small investment banks that only offer this activity, and do not help businesses to borrow money or sell ownership in the business. 

An investment bank helps businesses to borrow money using a contract known as a bond, and to sell ownership in the company using a contract known as stock. Most countries have government rules about these processes. The business must operate and disclose their financial results in a certain manner. They can then borrow money using bonds and sell ownership using stock to the public. People can sell bonds and stock without being responsible for the operation and financial disclosures of the business. 

Some reasons that a business might choose to borrow money from investors instead of a bank may include:


Some reasons that a business owner would agree to use an investment bank to sell part or all of their business to other investors include:

Investment Banks work with two kinds of customers, one being the businesses/governments which desire to borrow funds or sell ownership, and the individuals and other businesses who want to earn a profit on their money by lending to or owning other businesses. 

Wiesław Rudkowski

Wiesław Ksawery Rudkowski (17 November 1946 – 14 February 2016) was a Polish boxer. He was born in Łódź. He competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, losing in the final against Dieter Kottysch. 

Rudkowski died from a heart attack on 14 February 2016 in Warsaw. He was 69.


Giambattista Pittoni

Giambattista Pittoni (or Giovanni Battista Pittoni; 6 June 1687 – 6 November 1767) was an Italian painter. His paintings are from the late Baroque or Rococo period. He was among the people who started the Academy of Fine Arts of Venice.

Pittoni was born in Venice on 6 June 1687. He worked there for most of his life. He travelled to France in 1720. It was around this time that his style of painting changed. His style became influenced by French styles. Pittoni joined a Venetian guild of painters in 1716. He served as president of the Academy of Fine Arts of Venice from 1758 to 1760 and from 1763 to 1764. He was in high demand all across Italy during his life.

The miracle of the loaves and fishes is a 1725 painting by Pittoni. It is in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria, Victoria, Australia.
The story is recorded in all four gospels. Pittoni’s depiction is of the gospel of John (6:3–13): ‘Jesus went into the mountains … a great multitude followed him, He bade them sit down, took five loaves and two fishes and, giving thanks, broke them and the disciples distributed them’.


Pittoni died in Venice on 6 November 1767. He is buried in the church of San Giacomo dell'Orio. His reputation quickly faded after his death. Interest in him was revived in the 20th century.


Tories

The Tories were one of the two political parties which existed in Britain from the 17th to the early 19th centuries. They were the opponents of the Whigs, which were for a long time the ruling party.

The Tories were first part of the Parliament of England, the legislature of the kingdom of England. After the Acts of Union 1707, the Tories were part of the United Kingdom's Parliament of Great Britain, and after the Act of Union 1800 they were part of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

The Tories were originally (1678 to about 1770) the supporters of the Catholic kings (Charles I and II, James I and II), limiting the power of UK Parliament and supporting freedoms for Catholics. Later, (1780 to 1830) they became the New Tory Party, and were again a successful party able to hold government.

The most famous leaders of the New Tory Party were William Pitt the Younger, and Robert Peel the industrialist. Benjamin Disraeli built the modern Conservative Party out of the remains of the New Tory Party.

James Broun-Ramsay, 1st Marquess of Dalhousie

James Andrew Broun-Ramsay, 1st Marquess of Dalhousie KT, PC (22 April 1812 – 19 December 1860), known as The Earl of Dalhousie between 1838 and 1849, was a Scottish statesman and a colonial administrator in British India. He served as Governor-General of India from 1848 to 1856.

He introduced the Doctrine of Lapse.Several independent Indian states were annexed under this policy-Satara,Nagpur,Jhansi and many others. Kingdoms like Awadh were annexed using a strategy known as misgovernment.

Lord Dalhousie has made contributions to modern India by constructing railways and roads.He built the first railway line which was between Bombay and Thane.He passed The Hindu Remarriage Act in 1856.

Forced migration

Forced migration (also called displacements) is when people are made to leave their home or homeland. It is usually caused by violence, persecution, danger, or because an authority (such as a government) has told people to move. People are removed either by force or because of a threat or command. A person who has become forced to migrate is called a "forced migrant" or "displaced person". They may be called a refugee, but that term has a specific legal definition.

Migration of people is constantly happening, but in a stable society it usually happens because a person chooses to do it. Forced migration occurs when people's lives, well-being or freedom is endangered. They may have little or no choice but to move. In some cases, such as human trafficking and slavery, people are physically removed from their homes.

Occasionally a government forces people and communities out of their homes or homelands for the purposes of economic development or military. It has been most often been associated with the building of dams and military bases.

Migration can also be forced by natural disasters, when people are forced to evacuate an area. This is usually temporary, and people can return to their land once it is safe. If not, such forced migrantion violates Fourth Geneva Convention.

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees says Afghanistan produces the most number of refugees each year. It has held that position for 32 years. Almost half of refugees are children under the age of 18. Many of these are separated from their parents.



General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party

The General Secretary of the Communist Party of China is the leader of the Communist Party of China and the highest-ranking official within China. The General Secretary is a standing member of the Politburo and head of the Secretariat. The officeholder is usually considered the paramount leader of the People's Republic of China.

According to the Constitution, the General Secretary serves as a member of the Politburo Standing Committee, the main governing group in China. Since the early 1990s, the holder of the post has been, except for transitional periods, the Chairman of the Central Military Commission. This means that the holder is also the commander-in-chief of the People's Liberation Army.

The current General Secretary is Xi Jinping. He took office on 15 November 2012.

President of China

The President of China (officially President of the People's Republic of China) is the head of state of the People's Republic of China (PRC). On paper, the presidency is a largely ceremonial office with limited powers. However, in recent years the General Secretary of the Communist Party has also served simultaneously as President. His election to the office makes him paramount leader of China. The office is classified as an institution of the state rather than an administrative post.

The current President is Xi Jinping. He took office on 14 March 2013.

Premier of the People's Republic of China

The Premier of China, officially "Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China", is the leader of the State Council of China, who is the head of government and holds the highest rank (Level 1) in the Civil Service.

The Premier is formally approved by the National People's Congress upon the nomination of the President. In practice, the candidate is chosen through an informal process within the Communist Party of China. Both the President and the Premier are selected once every five years. The Premier has always been a member of the powerful Politburo Standing Committee.

The current Premier is Li Qiang, who took office on 11 March 2023.

Freedom Trail

The Freedom Trail is a walking trail through Boston, Massachusetts. It passes by 16 places that are important to American history. The Trail is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. It starts at the Boston Common and ends at the USS "Constitution" in the Charlestown Navy Yard.

The Black Heritage Trail crosses the Freedom Trail between the Massachusetts State House and Park Street Church.

William Schofield, a journalist in Boston, first thought of creating the Freedom Trail. In 1951, he suggested building a walking trail to connect many of the important historic places in Boston. Boston's mayor, John Hynes, agreed. The Trail was marked with red bricks and red paint, and signs were added along the way to explain the importance of the Trail's 16 stops. By 1953, 40,000 people were walking the Freedom Trail every year.

The City of Boston's Freedom Trail Commission is in charge of the Trail. The costs of keeping up the Trail are supported by grants from non-profit organizations and foundations; philanthropy; donations; and Boston National Historical Park.

The Boston Common is America's oldest public park. When the Puritans came to Boston, they bought the land from William Blackstone, who was the first European person to settle in Boston. The Puritans turned the land into a "Common Area" where people could bring their cows to eat grass.

The Common was also used to punish and hang people.

In 1775, when the British Army occupied Boston just before the American Revolution started, over 1,000 British soldiers camped and trained on the Common.

The Common has also been used for many other things, including:

The State House is where the Massachusetts state government does business. It was built in 1798 on land that used to be John Hancock's cow pasture. It is topped by a big dome which Paul Revere coated with golden copper.

On the way from the Common to the State House, the Trail passes a monument to Robert Gould Shaw and the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. This was the first all-black volunteer regiment in the American Civil War.

Built in 1809, Park Street Church was once the tallest building in Boston. The Church became an important supporter of the abolitionist (anti-slavery) movement. On Independence Day in 1829, William Lloyd Garrison made his first major speech against slavery at the Church.

During the War of 1812, the Church's members stored brimstone (which is used to make gunpowder) in the Church's basement.

Granary Burying Ground is a very old cemetery, created in 1660. Many important people are buried here, including:

Many other Bostonians are also buried here.

King's Chapel was the first Anglican church in Boston. It was built in 1688, on land that was part of a burying ground (cemetery). At that time, most people in Boston were Puritans. King James II, who wanted the colonists to follow the Church of England, ordered that an Anglican parish should be built in Boston. However, nobody in Boston would sell good land to build a non-Puritan church. Because of this, the King ruled that a piece of burying ground would be taken and used for the church.

King's Chapel Burying Ground was Boston's first cemetery. (It was created before King's Chapel.) Many important Bostonians were buried here, including:

Boston Latin School was the first public school in America. It opened on April 23, 1635. Boys could go to school there for free, whether they were rich or poor. (Girls were taught at home.) Five signers of the Declaration of Independence went to school at Boston Latin:

The original Boston Latin School was torn down in 1745, but a statue of Benjamin Franklin marks the spot where the original school was. Boston Latin School still exists today in a different place (and now teaches both boys and girls).

The Old Corner Bookstore is the oldest business building in Boston. It was built in 1718 as an apothecary shop.

Before it became a business, Anne Hutchinson lived in this building. She used to hold religious meetings in her home, where she would read scripture. Sometimes as many as 80 people would come to the meetings. This was more than 10% of Boston's population at the time. Eventually Hutchinson was accused of heresy for preaching without being a preacher. (At that time, no women were allowed to be preachers, and Hutchinson's ideas also disagreed with the Puritans'.) Hutchinson was excommunicated and exiled to Rhode Island in 1638.

In the 1800s, the Old Corner Bookstore was one of the United States' most important book publishing companies. It published books written by many famous authors, who would also meet at the Bookstore. These authors included:

The Old South Meeting House was built in 1729 so that Puritans could meet there to pray. Benjamin Franklin was baptized here. The church's famous members included:
Some of the events that led up to the American Revolutionary War happened at Old South Church. For example, five thousand people met at Old South Meeting House just before the Boston Tea Party in 1773. They were trying to decide what to do with the tea that was waiting on ships in Boston Harbor. After the British passed the Tea Act, Bostonians would have to pay taxes on the tea even though they had no say in whether the taxes were fair or not. They tried to have the tea sent back to England, but they were unable to. After this, Samuel Adams got up and said, "This meeting can do nothing more to save the country." This was a secret signal to tell the Sons of Liberty to go destroy the tea. This is how the Boston Tea Party started.

Several years later, when British soldiers were occupying Boston, they got revenge on Old South Church for its role in the Boston Tea Party. They ripped out the church's pews (benches) and turned the church into a horse stable. They used Old South Church to teach British cavalry soldiers how to ride horses. After the Revolutionary War was over, in 1783, the church's members fixed the building up into a church again.

The Irish Potato Famine memorial statue is on the way to the Old South Meeting House. During the Irish Potato Famine, over one million Irish people died. Another million Irish people immigrated to the United States, mostly to Boston. The statue shows a family that was dying of starvation, who became strong and healthy again after moving to Boston.

The Old State House was built in 1713. The Massachusetts Bay Colony's colonial government worked there. The Old State House was very important in starting the American Revolution. In 1768, the colony's House of Representatives decided that people in Massachusetts should refuse to pay taxes to the British. The British decided to get rid of the colony's legislature, and also sent soldiers to occupy Boston.

In 1776, the Declaration of Independence was read to the people of Boston for the first time from the balcony of the Old State House.

The Boston Massacre happened just in front of the Old State House, in 1770. After British soldiers occupied Boston, many people in Boston got angrier and angrier. On March 5, 1770, an angry mob of Bostonians surrounded British soldiers. Somebody yelled "fire," and the British soldiers started shooting their guns. Five Bostonians were killed.

After news about the Boston Massacre spread throughout the Thirteen Colonies, people became angrier at the British. The Boston Massacre made more people want to fight the British for independence.

A rich merchant named Peter Faneuil built Faneuil Hall in 1741. He meant Faneuil Hall to be a place for trade and business. However, it became an important meeting place for people who wanted to fight against British rule. The Sons of Liberty met there and announced that they would fight back against the British. Leaders like Samuel Adams gave speeches there encouraging independence.

America's first town meeting was held at Faneuil Hall. Americans first met there in 1764 to protest the Sugar Act and the Stamp Act. Later, they would meet there to protest the Tea Act, the Townshend Duties, and the British occupation of Boston.

On top of Faneuil Hall, there is a famous weathervane (which tells which way the wind is blowing). It is shaped like a golden grasshopper. Legend says that Bostonians used this weathervane during the War of 1812 to find spies. If a person did not know the answer to the question "What is on top of Faneuil Hall?", they were suspected of being a spy.

In the 19th century, abolitionists like Frederick Douglass, William Lloyd Garrison, and Lucy Stone spoke against slavery at Faneuil Hall.

The Paul Revere house is the oldest building in downtown Boston that is still standing. It was built around 1680. Revere bought it in 1770. He lived here when he made his famous "Midnight Ride".

The Old North Church is the oldest church in Boston that is still standing. This Episcopal church opened in 1723. The first bells ever brought to America were put in its steeple.

Because the steeple was the tallest in Boston at the time, it played an important role just before the American Revolution started. Just before the Battles of Lexington and Concord, the first battles of the Revolution, the British had two choices for how they could get to Lexington and Concord. They could walk, or they could row across the Charles River. The Sons of Liberty hung two lanterns in the church's steeple to signal that British soldiers were crossing the Charles River. This helped the Americans figure out the best way to defend against the British.

Copp's Hill Burying Ground was the largest cemetery in colonial Boston. It was created in 1659. Famous people who are buried here include:

British soldiers put their cannons at Copp's Hill Burying Ground during the Battle of Bunker Hill.

The Bunker Hill Monument honors the Battle of Bunker Hill. This was the first major battle of the American Revolution. Though the British won this battle, it was so difficult for them to win that the battle proved the Americans would not be easy to beat.

Until May 2015, the USS "Constitution" was the oldest warship in the world that still floated. It was first put into the water in 1797. The "Constitution" became famous during the War of 1812. The ship got the nickname "Old Ironsides" because cannonballs would bounce off the wooden sides of the ship like they were made of iron.

The "Constitution" is still a United States Navy warship.



Pat Conroy

Pat Conroy (October 26, 1945 – March 4, 2016) was an American author. He has written several famous novels and memoirs. Two of his novels, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Great Santini", were made into movies that were nominated for Academy Awards. He was known as a leading writer of late-20th century Southern literature.

Conroy died on March 4, 2016 from pancreatic cancer in Beaufort, South Carolina. He was aged 70.

Ali Brownlee

Alastair "Ali" Brownlee (1959 – 14 February 2016) was a English radio broadcaster. He was born in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire. He was best known for his coverage of Middlesbrough Football Club on BBC Tees from 1982 onwards. His connection to the club earned him the honorific "Voice of the Boro".

Brownlee was a bank manager before becoming a sports commentator.

Brownlee died on 14 February 2016 at a hospital in Linthorpe, Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire. He had suffered from bowel cancer for three months. He was aged 56.


Fighton Simukonda

Fighton Simukonda (2 February 1958 – 15 February 2016) was a Zambian football player and coach. He was part of the Nkana Red Devils team during the 1980s. He won five league titles. He was also captain of the Zambian national team. As a coach, he won several Zambian Premier League titles. He became the first coach to lead a Zambian club to the group phase of the CAF Champions' League.

Simukonda died on 15 February 2016 from complications of diabetes. He was aged 58.




The Nchanga Rangers coach died on 15 February 2016 in Chililabombwe's Konkola Mine Police after a battle with Diabetes Mellitus.


Slobodan Santrač

Slobodan Santrač (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Сантрач; 1 July 1946 – 13 February 2016) was a Yugoslav and Serbian football manager and player. He was the all-time top scorer of the Yugoslav First League with a total of 218 goals. He was also the top scorer in the history of OFK Beograd. 

After finishing his playing career, Santrač was manager of numerous clubs and national teams. He reached the knockout stage with FR Yugoslavia at the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.

On 13 February 2016, Santrač died of a heart attack in Belgrade. He was aged 69.

OFK Beograd
Partizan
Galenika Zemun
Individual

Shandong Luneng
Individual

Patriarch Kirill of Moscow

Kirill or Cyril (, secular name Vladimir Mikhailovich Gundyayev, ; born 20 November 1946) is a Russian Orthodox bishop. He became Patriarch of Moscow and all Rus' and Primate of the Russian Orthodox Church on 1 February 2009.

Before becoming Patriarch, Kirill was Archbishop (later Metropolitan) of Smolensk and Kaliningrad from 26 December 1984. He was also Chairman of the Russian Orthodox Church's Department for External Church Relations and a permanent member of the Holy Synod beginning in 1989.


Burr–Hamilton duel

The Burr–Hamilton duel was a duel fought between two well-known American politicians. It was between the former secretary of the treasury Alexander Hamilton and sitting vice president Aaron Burr. It took place on July 11, 1804. The duel was caused by a long and bitter rivalry between the two men. At Weehawken, in New Jersey, Burr shot and wounded Hamilton. Hamilton was carried to the home of William Bayard on the Manhattan shore, where he died the next day. The duel ended Burr's political career.

Girls (TV series)

Girls is an American comedy-drama television series. The show began on HBO on April 15, 2012. It was created by Lena Dunham, who plays Hannah.

The show is about the lives of four young women living in Brooklyn, New York City.

Brachial plexus

The brachial plexus is a group of nerves. It runs from the vertebral column to the arm. 

The brachial plexus is divided into five "roots", three "trunks", six "divisions", three "cords", and five "branches". 

The five roots come out of the spinal cord. They are each named after the part of the spinal cord they come out of: C5, C6, C7, C8, and T1.

These roots join to form three trunks:

Each trunk then splits into two divisions:

These six divisions join up again to become the three cords. 

The nerves that come out of the brachial plexus include:


Triangle Marsh

Triangle Marsh is a wetland in the San Francisco Bay area. It is at the base of Ring Mountain at the north end of the Tiburon Peninsula in Marin County, California.


University of Tromsø

University of Tromsø (UiT, ""The arctic university of Norway"") is a university in Norway. The main campus is in Tromsø. It also has campuses in Alta, Hammerfest, Harstad and Narvik. The main campus is located north on the Tromsø island in Troms county.

The university was founded in 1971 by the Norwegian government. It has had four mergers since then:

When UiT merged with Tromsø University College it became the oldest school in Norway. Tromsø University College was founded on 7 February 1826. It was then called Trondenes seminar.

Juramaia

Juramaia is the earliest known eutherian mammal. It is a small shrew-like mammal of body length about 70100 mm. It is an extinct genus from the Upper Jurassic deposits of western Liaoning, China. 

A nearly complete skeleton, with an incomplete skull with full dentition was found. It was collected in the Daxigou site, Jianchang, from the Tiaojishan Formation. It is dated at about 160 million years ago.

The discovery of "Juramaia" provides new insight into the evolution of eutherian mammals. It shows their lineage diverged from that of the marsupials 35 million years earlier than previously thought. Furthermore, its discovery fills gaps in the fossil record and helps to calibrate modern, DNA-based methods of dating the evolution. 

The forelimb bones have climbing adaptations, so it is suggested that the basal stock of Eutheria was arboreal.


Nishagandhi Puraskaram

Nishagandhi Puraskaram () is an award given out by the government of Kerala in India. It is given out every year by the Tourism department. It is awarded to artists in the fields of dance and music.

The award comes with 1,50,000 rupees, a citation and a statuette. It is awarded as part of the Nishagandhi Dance and Music Festival, which is held in January every year. This is a cultural annual programme of the Tourism department of Kerala. The award ceremony takes place at the Nishagandhi theatre in the Kanakakkunnu Palace ground in Trivandrum, the capital city of Kerala. The award was introduced to make the festival more popular on a national and international level. 

The Nishagandhi Puraskaram was first awarded to the classical dancer Mrinalini Sarabhai in 2013. Hindustani musician Lalith J Rao and Bharata Natyam artist Padma Subrahmanyam won the awards in the next years (2014 and 2015). The most recent recipient of the award in 2016 is the music director Ilayaraja.

Exsanguination

Exsanguination is losing enough blood to cause death. A person does not have to lose all of their blood to exsanguinate. People can die from losing half to two-thirds of their blood.

The average adult has about 4 to 6 liters of blood (9 to 12 US pints) in their body. The average man has more blood than the average woman, and people who weigh more or are taller than others have more blood. This means a person can die from losing 2 / to 4 liters of blood. To compare, this is five to eight times as much blood as people usually give in a blood donation.

Children and babies have much less blood than adults, and can exsanguinate by losing much less blood than adults.

Exsanguination is often called bleeding to death or bleeding out. It is a medical emergency.
Doctors define exsanguination this way:

Bleeding can be "external" or "internal".

"External" means "outside the body." External bleeding is visible - it can be seen outside the body. For example, a person who cuts their hand and has blood on their hand is having external bleeding.

"Internal" means "inside the body." Internal bleeding cannot be seen, because it is inside the body. For example, a person who is bleeding into their brain because of a stroke is having internal bleeding.

Sometimes, bleeding can be both internal and external. A person can exsanguinate from internal bleeding, external bleeding, or both.

Exsanguination is usually caused by major blood vessels getting injured or breaking open. Smaller blood vessels bleed less, and bleed slower, so it is harder to exsanguinate if they are injured.

Exsanguination can be caused by trauma (injuries). Out of all people who die from injuries, 30-40% die from exsanguination. Up to half of these people (33-56%) die before they even get to the hospital.

Penetrating trauma (an injury where something breaks the skin) is one of the most common causes of exsanguination. This is especially true for gunshot wounds to places like the heart, chest, or head, which all have major blood vessels in them.

Other injuries that can cause exsanguination include:

A person can exsanguinate from internal bleeding if:

Exsanguination is one of the most common causes of death in soldiers at war. It is usually caused by gunshot wounds, motor vehicle accidents, or explosions.

Some medical problems can make a person exsanguinate by bleeding internally. These problems include:

If a person is losing blood very quickly (for example, from a broken aortic aneurysm), they will only be conscious for 20 seconds to a few minutes. If blood loss is slower, and the person does not get medical treatment, they may be conscious for a few hours. However, they will get more and more confused and tired as they lose more blood. Eventually the person will go into a coma because there is not enough blood left in their body to bring oxygen to their brain. Finally their heart will stop and they will die.

Doctors call exsanguination a syndrome (a group of symptoms), because it causes so many problems in the body.

Blood helps keep us warm. Because of this, losing a lot of blood causes hypothermia.

Coagulopathy means that the blood no longer clots normally. When a person loses blood, they also lose the platelets and blood-clotting proteins the blood carried. These platelets and proteins make the blood clot. If a person loses too much blood, they will not have enough platelets or proteins left to make the blood clot.

Acidosis means that the body makes too much acid. Usually, the body makes energy out of oxygen carried in the blood and glucose (sugar); this is called aerobic respiration. If a person loses a lot of blood, there will not be enough oxygen in the blood that is left to make energy this way. The body switches to anaerobic respiration and makes energy out of glucose without needing oxygen. However, this creates many acidic waste products (chemicals that the body does not need, which are left over after the body does chemical reactions). Eventually, these waste products can build up so much that they poison the body. This is called acidosis.

When the heart does not get enough blood, it can start beating in ways that are not normal. When this happens because of exsanguination, it usually means that the patient is close to dying.

If a person loses enough blood, they will go into shock. This means the body's most important organs are not getting the blood, oxygen, and nutrients they need to survive. It also means that the body is not able to get rid of waste products, like acids. If shock gets bad enough, it will kill the person.

First aid is an important first step in treating exsanguination. Things that regular people can do to help include:

If possible, a person giving first aid should wear gloves any time they touch another person's blood. The sick or injured person may have an infection that can be spread through blood, like HIV or hepatitis. Wearing gloves will protect the person giving first aid from getting these infections.

First aid saved many lives during the Boston Marathon bombings, when ordinary people used belts for tourniquets or used their own hands to press against bleeding wounds. The three people who died in the bombings died right away. There were many other people who were hurt badly enough that they could have exsanguinated. For example, some people's legs were blown off by the bombs. However, because of the help of ordinary people giving first aid (and because of emergency medical services), everyone who did not die right away survived.

Emergency medical treatments for exsanguination include:

There are some risk factors which make a person more likely to exsanguinate. A few examples are:

When a person is exsanguinating, they are more likely to die if:


Vanity (singer)

Denise Katrina Matthews, also known as Vanity (January 4, 1959 – February 15, 2016), was a Canadian-American singer, songwriter, actress, dancer and model. She was the lead singer of the female trio Vanity 6 between 1981 until it disbanded in 1983. The group was well known for their 1982 hit song "Nasty Girl".

Vanity also had a successful acting career, starring in movies, including "Action Jackson" and "The Last Dragon". 

In 1994, Vanity converted to Christianity.

Vanity was born in Niagara Falls, Ontario. She died of complications from peritoneal dialysis in a Fremont, California hospital. She was 57.

Seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Seventh Amendment (Amendment VII) to the United States Constitution is part of the Bill of Rights. This amendment codifies the right to a jury trial in certain civil cases. It also stops courts from overturning a jury's verdict. The Seventh Amendment's provision for jury trials in civil cases has never been incorporated (applied to the states). However, the rights to civil jury trials are found in nearly every state constitution.

The prohibition of overturning a jury's verdict applies to federal cases, state cases involving federal law, and to review of state cases by federal courts. "United States v. Wonson" (1812) established the "historical test", which interpreted the amendment as relying on English common law to determine whether a jury trial was necessary in a civil lawsuit. The amendment thus does not guarantee trial by jury in cases under maritime law, in lawsuits against the government itself, and for many parts of patent claims. In all other cases, the jury can be waived by consent of the parties. The amendment also guarantees a minimum of six members for a jury in a civil trial. 

The 7th Amendment was ratified on December 15, 1791 as one of ten amendments in the Bill of Rights. But the background for its passing began in England during the 12th century. At the time juries were made up of 12 men who gave their opinions in a trial. The 12-man jury originally included the accusers against the defendant, a supposed enemy of the king. Eventually this led to a system where the jury made a verdict based on evidence. The practice followed English colonists to the American colonies. But juries became a tool used to express American discontent with British rule. A series of Navigation Acts prohibited the American colonies from trading directly with the Netherlands, Spain, France, and their colonies. As more and more trade restriction were imposed, the American colonists turned to smuggling. When smugglers were caught, they were brought before juries made up of other colonists. These sympathetic juries often acquitted their fellow colonists. The king, angered at these lawbreakers going free, created new courts that did not allow juries. This was a breach of common law practice and infringed on their rights as British citizens. After the American Revolutionary War, the Seventh Amendment was written to expressly limit the powers of the executive and the Judicial branches of the new federal government.

Eddie Barry

Edward Thomas "Ed" Barry (October 12, 1919 – February 12, 2016) was an American professional ice hockey player. Barry also played for the Boston Olympics of the Eastern Hockey League and the Boston Bruins, and later became the coach at Boston State College. He has been a member of the Northeastern University athletics Hall of Fame since 1976, and a member of the UMass Boston Hall of Fame since 2003.

Barry died on February 12, 2016 from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was under hospice care in Needham, Massachusetts at the time. He was aged 96.

Christopher Zeeman

Sir Erik Christopher Zeeman FRS (4 February 1925 – 13 February 2016), was a British mathematician. He was known for his work in geometric topology and singularity theory. Zeeman's main contributions to mathematics were in topology, particularly in knot theory, the piecewise linear category, and dynamical systems.


Arnold Rüütel

Arnold Rüütel () (born May 10, 1928) is an Estonian politician. 

He served as the last Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR from April 8, 1983 to March 29, 1990, Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR (from May 8, 1990: Supreme Council of the Republic of Estonia) from March 29, 1990 to October 6, 1992 and was the third President of the Republic of Estonia from October 8, 2001 to October 9, 2006. 

He was the second President since Estonia regained independence in 1991. Rüütel also served as one of fifteen Deputy Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR.


Zhu Rongji

Zhu Rongji (; born 1 October 1928) is a Chinese politician. He served as Mayor and Party chief in Shanghai between 1987 and 1991. He then served as Vice Premier and then fifth Premier of the People's Republic of China from March 1998 to March 2003.


Bill Dana

Bill Dana (October 5, 1924 – June 15, 2017) was an American comedian, actor and screenwriter. He often appeared on television shows such as "The Ed Sullivan Show". He was known for appearing as a heavily accented Bolivian character named José Jiménez. Dana often portrayed the Jiménez character as an astronaut.

Dana died at his home in Nashville, Tennessee on June 15, 2017 at the age of 92.

Annie Glenn

Anna Margaret "Annie" Glenn, (née Castor; February 17, 1920 – May 19, 2020) was an American activist and philanthropist. She was the widow of former astronaut and Senator John Glenn. She was added into the National Stuttering Association Hall of Fame.

She was known for her works to raise awareness of children and adults with disabilities such as stuttering. She suffered from it during her early years until it went away when she was in her 50s.

Glenn was born in Columbus, Ohio. She studied at Muskingum College. Glenn married John Glenn in 1943. Together, they had two children. Glenn died at a nursing home in St. Paul, Minnesota on May 19, 2020 at the age of 100. The cause of death was COVID-19.

Li Peng

Li Peng (20 October 1928 – 22 July 2019) was a Chinese politician. He served as the fourth Premier of the People's Republic of China, between 1987 and 1998. He also served as the Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, China's top legislative body from 1998 to 2003.

For much of the 1990s, Li was ranked second in the Communist Party of China (CPC) hierarchy behind then General Secretary Jiang Zemin. He retained his seat on the CPC Politburo Standing Committee until 2002.

Li died on 22 July 2019 at the age of 90 from an illness at a hospital in Beijing.


Intravenous therapy

Intravenous injection or intravenous therapy means putting liquid into a vein, using a needle. Many illegal drugs and medications can be given intravenously.
Drugs and medications work very fast when given intravenously, because they go right into the bloodstream. They reach the brain and start working in a minute or less. Also, when a drug is given intravenously, 100% of the drug gets into the bloodstream.

When medications are given in other ways, they do not work as fast. Also, not all of the drug reaches the bloodstream.

However, medications given by IV do not last as long as medicines given by mouth As soon as the drug reaches the bloodstream, the body begins to break it down so the body can get rid of it.

There are two types of intravenous injections.

Sometimes, people inject just one drug into a vein with a needle. Then they take the needle out.

When people use illegal drugs like heroin intravenously, they use a single injection. They shoot the drug into their veins, and then take the needle out.

The second type of IV injection is called an "intravenous (IV) line." This is usually what medical professionals mean when they say a patient is getting an IV.

To do an IV line, a medical professional will:

An IV line allows medical professionals to give different liquids at different times, without having to put a needle into a vein every time. They can also give many medications at the same time.

Intravenous lines are often used in emergency medicine. Many things can be given through an IV line.

Volume expanders are special fluids that are used when a person has lost some of the fluids in their body. For example, a person might lose fluids because of dehydration or bleeding. Volume expanders are used to replace these lost fluids. They are called "volume expanders" because they expand (increase) the volume of liquid in the bloodstream.

Losing too much fluid is dangerous. People need liquid in their bloodstream to carry blood cells, glucose (sugar), electrolytes (salts), and many other important things. Usually, the blood plasma (the liquid part of blood) does this job. However, people can lose plasma for several reasons. For example:

Volume expanders add to the amount of liquid in the bloodstream. They help plasma do its job.

There are a few common volume expanders. They are mixtures of liquids and other things the body loses when a person loses fluid:

Many medications can be given by IV. They can be given by themselves, or mixed into volume expanders.

Examples of medications that can be given by IV include:

Blood transfusions are usually given through an IV line. A blood transfusion can give a person regular blood, or only parts of the blood, like:

If a person cannot eat for a short time, nutrition can be given through an IV line. IV nutrition mixtures include water, electrolytes, glucose, amino acids, lipids (fats), and vitamins.

Intravenous drug use means injecting illegal drugs into a vein. Illegal drugs that can be injected intravenously include:

Sometimes, people also dissolve prescription medications in water and inject them intravenously. For example, some people dissolve oxycodone or benzodiazepines and inject them.

People use drugs intravenously because it is one of the fastest ways to get the effects of the drug. When a person uses drugs intravenously, the drugs start working within 15 to 30 seconds.

Using drugs intravenously can cause many problems.

If a person uses a needle that is not clean to inject drugs, they can get an infection. Common infections caused by IV drug use include:

An IV drug user can also get some infectious diseases by using the same needles as people who have those diseases. HIV, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, and many other infections can be spread by sharing needles.

In the world, 40-60% of IV drug users have hepatitis B, and 60-70% have hepatitis C.

People are more likely to overdose when they use drugs intravenously. There are a few reasons for this:

When an IV drug user injects drugs into their veins over and over again, they can damage their veins. The veins can get scarred and eventually collapse. This leaves marks over the scarred veins that are called "track marks."


The Selfish Gene

The Selfish Gene is a book on evolution by Richard Dawkins, published in 1976. It builds upon the work of George C. Williams's book: "Adaptation and Natural Selection", and helped popularize W.D. Hamilton's work. 

Dawkins used the term "selfish gene" as a way of expressing the "gene-centred view of evolution". From the gene-centred view, it follows that the more two individuals are genetically related, the more sense (at the level of the genes) it makes for them to behave selflessly with each other. 

An organism evolves to maximise its inclusive fitness—the number of copies of its genes passed on globally (rather than by a particular individual). 

Dawkins proposes the idea of the "replicator":

The book also coins the term "meme" for a unit of human cultural evolution analogous to the gene. 

Miss Israel

Miss Israel is a beauty contest in Israel. It has been held every year since 1950. The winner competes in the Miss Universe contest and the second place competes in the Miss World contest.

Panzerchrist

Panzerchrist is a Danish blackened death metal band. It was formed in 1993–1994 by Michael Enevoldsen (after he left Illdisposed) and Danish artist Lasse Hoile.

Panzerchrist recorded a few demos and was signed by Serious entertainment. "Six Seconds Kill" was released by Serious Entertainment in 1996, and in 1998 they released "Outpost Fort Europa". In 2000, Panzerchrist was joined by drummer Reno Killerich (ex-Exmortem, Vile, etc.) and Bo Summer (also of Illdisposed). They recorded "Soul Collector", which focused on World War II and had German lyrics. "Soul Collector" was released by Mighty Music in 2000.

In 2002, the band was joined by Frederik O'Carroll and Rasmus Henriksen. They began work on the violent "Room Service". It featured compositions that were very loud and fast, including a cover of the Metal Church classic "Metal Church". "Room Service" was recorded at Tue Madsen's "Antfarm Studios" (The Haunted, Illdisposed, Mnemic etc.) and was released by Mighty Music in 2003. The name of each song on the album "Room Service" are the first word(s) to be sung on each song. Each song on the album "Room Service" ends with the words "Death, forever panzer" – except the song "Metal Church", since it is a cover.

In 2006, Panzerchrist drummer Killerich and Karina Bundgaard, now on keyboards, rejoined for the recording of "Battalion Beast". This was released by Neurotic Records in 2006. This album features the words "Christ, thy name is panzer" at the end of each song.

Whip (disambiguation)

A whip is a long strand of leather with a hard handle, used for directing or hitting animals or people.

Whip may also refer to:


Native American flute

The Native American flute is a flute that is held in front of the person playing it, has open holes for the player's fingers, and has two separate parts: one for the breath of the person playing the flute and another that makes the sound of the flute.

The player breathes into one end of the flute. A "block" on the outside of the flute directs the player's breath from the first part to the second part, causing air to vibrate in the second part. The vibration causes a steady resonance of air in the second part that creates sound.

Native American flutes are made in many different designs, sizes, and variations —far more other woodwind instruments.

The Native American flute has many other names.: "American Indian courting flute", "courting flute", "Grandfather's flute", "Indian flute", "love flute", "Native American courting flute", "Native American love flute", "Native American style flute" (see the Indian Arts And Crafts Act), "North American flute", "Plains flute", and "Plains Indian courting flute".

The correct way to spell the name of the instrument is "Native American flute" using capital letters for "N" and "A" and lower-case letters for the "f" in "flute".

A person who plays Native American flutes is called a "flutist". The word "flautist" is used, but much less often.

There are many stories about how different Native American peoples invented the Native American flute. In one story, a woodpecker pecked holes in the branch of a tree while searching for termites. When the wind blew along the holes, people heard music.

It is not well known how the design of the Native American flute developed before 1823. Some of the influences may have been:
It is also possible that instruments were carried from other cultures during migrations.

The oldest Native American flute made of wood is from 1823. It is now in a museum in Bergamo, Italy.

The Native American flute has two parts: the "slow air chamber" and the "sound chamber". A "plug" inside the instrument separates the slow air chamber from the sound chamber.

The parts of the Native American flute can have many alternate names. The plug is sometimes called the "internal wall". The slow air chamber is also called the "SAC", the "compression chamber", or the "mouth chamber". The sound chamber is also called the "pipe body", the "playing chamber", the "resonating chamber", the "tone chamber", or the "variable tube".

The "block" on the outside of the instrument is a separate part that can be removed. The block is also called the "bird", the "fetish", the "saddle", or the "totem". The block is tied by a "strap" onto the "nest" of the flute. The block moves air through a "flue" from the slow air chamber to the sound chamber. The block is often in the shape of a bird.

The slow air chamber has a "mouthpiece" and "breath hole" for the player's breath. Air flows through the slow air chamber and up the "exit hole" into the flue.
The sound chamber contains the "sound hole", which creates the vibration of air that causes sound when the airflow reaches the "splitting edge". The sound hole can also be called the "whistle hole", the "window", or the "true sound hole" ("TSH"). The splitting edge can also be called the "cutting edge", the "fipple edge", the "labium", or the "sound edge".

The sound chamber also has "finger holes" that allows the player to change the frequency of the vibrating air. Changing the frequency of the vibration changes the pitch of the sound produced.

The finger holes on a Native American flute are "open", meaning that fingers of the player cover the finger hole (rather than metal levers or pads such as those on a clarinet). This means that the player must be able to reach all the finger holes on the instrument with their fingers. The finger holes can also be called the "note holes", the "playing holes", the "tone holes", or the "stops".

The "foot end" of the flute — the end far away from the player's mouth — can have "direction holes". These holes affect the pitch of the flute when all the finger holes are covered. They also relate to the "Four Directions" of East, South, West, and North found in many Native American stories. The direction holes can also be called the "tuning holes" or "wind holes".

The picture shown above– "Parts of the Native American flute" with – can also be seen with labels in , , , , , , , , ,and .

Another way to build Native American flutes uses a "spacer plate" to create the flue. The spacer plate sits between the nest area on the body of the flute and the block. The spacer player is usually held in place by the same strap that holds the block onto the instrument. The splitting edge can also be part of the spacer plate.

The spacer plate is often made of metal, but spacer plates can be made of wood, bark, and ceramic.

Many old Native American flutes were made using measurements of the body. The length of the flute was the distance from inside of the elbow to tip of the index finger. The length of the slow air chamber was the width of the fist. The distance between the sound hole and first finger hole was the width of the fist. The distance between finger holes would be the width of a thumb. The distance from the last finger hole to the end of the flute was the width of the fist.

Currently, makers of Native American flutes use many methods to design the dimensions of their flutes. This is very important for the location of the finger holes, since they control the pitch of the different notes of the instrument. Flute makers may use calculators to design their instruments, or use dimensions provided by other flute makers.

Many Native American flutes are made from river cane, bamboo, wood,
or even plastic. Some makers of Native American flutes use ceramic or glass.

Many Native American flutes have a musical scale called the pentatonic scale in a minor key. This musical scale is used in most Native American flute music. However, some makers of Native American flute now use different musical scales. Many makers of Native American flutes tune flutes carefully so that they sound good when played with other instruments such as guitars and pianos.

Native American flutes may be large or small and have a wide range from very low notes to very high notes. From the largest flutes (lowest pitch) to the smallest flutes (highest pitch), they span a range of about three and a half octaves, from C to A.

Early recordings of Native American flutes are available from several sources.
Most Native American flutes have either five or six finger holes. However, a flute may have no finger holes or as many as seven finger holes, including a hole for the thumb. Different makers employ different musical scales and fingerings for their flutes.

Written music for the Native American flutes is often in the key of F-sharp minor, although some music is scored in other keys. Music written for the Native American flute uses a key signature of four sharps. This is known as "Nakai tablature". Many pieces of written music adds finger diagrams below the notes to show which finger holes to cover for that note.

The use of a standard key signature for written music that can be used across Native American flutes in a variety of keys classifies the instrument as a transposing instrument.

There were few Native American flute players before 1960. Use of the Native American flute increased in the late 1960s. Many people began playing them, such as Doc Tate Nevaquaya, John Rainer, Jr., Sky Walkinstik Man Alone, and Carl Running Deer.

The music of R. Carlos Nakai became popular in the 1980s. The album "Canyon Trilogy" was issued in 1989. In 1998 it was the first Native American music album certified as a Gold Record by the Recording Industry Association of America. Canyon Trilogy was certified as a Platinum Record on July 8, 2014.

Mary Youngblood won two Grammy Awards in the "Native American Music" category for her Native American flute music in 2002 and 2006. Today, Native American flutes are being played and recognized by many different peoples and cultures around the world.

Groups of players of the Native American flute meet every month or two. These groups are known as "flute circles".

These organizations help flute circles within their country:




Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party

The Central Politburo of the Communist Party of China is a group of 25 people who oversee the Communist Party of China. It is formally called the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee. It was previously called the Central Bureau () before 1927. Unlike politburos (political bureaus) of other Communist parties, power within the politburo is centralized in the Politburo Standing Committee. The members of the Politburo are nominally elected by the Central Committee.

The power of the Politburo is mostly due to the fact that its members generally also hold positions within the government of the People's Republic of China. It also appoints people to high-ranking jobs. The topics for discussion at the meetings appears to be controlled by the General Secretary. Decisions are made by consensus rather than by majority vote.

State Council of the People's Republic of China

The State Council is the cabinet of the People's Republic of China. Currently, the council has 35 members: the premier, four vice premiers, five state councilors (of whom two are also ministers), and 25 additional ministers and chairs of major agencies. Constitutionally, the State Council is the same as the Central People's Government since 1954 (particularly in relation to local governments).

In the politics of China, the Central People's Government forms one of three interlocking branches of power, the others being the Communist Party of China and the People's Liberation Army. The State Council directly oversees the various subordinate People's Governments in the provinces, and in practice maintains membership with the top levels of the Communist Party of China.

National People's Congress

The National People's Congress (usually abbreviated NPC) is the national legislature of the People's Republic of China. It had 2,987 members in 2013. It is the largest parliament in the world. Under China's current Constitution, the NPC is unicameral; it is not divided into a lower house and an upper house. It the power to legislate, to oversee the operations of the government, and the power to elect the major officers of state.

Laser pointer

A laser pointer (or laser pen) is a small device that shines a low-powered laser light. The pointer is usually powered by a battery. It contains a laser diode that emits a very narrow laser beam of visible light. When pointed at an object, it shines a small bright spot of colored light. The pointer is held in a hand. It is used to highlight something of interest. Power is restricted in most jurisdictions not to exceed 5 milliwatts.

Hu Chunhua

Hu Chunhua (; born April 1963) is a Chinese politician born in Hubei Province.

In 1979, Hu was admitted to Beijing University. He graduated from Beijing University in 1983. After graduation, Hu volunteered to work in Tibet autonomous region. During 1988 ~ 1992 he worked in Tibet, Hu Jingtao was the local Communist Party chief. In 1997, he left Tibet and worked as leader in .

In 2001, Hu Chunhua returned back to Tibet. This time he worked there as senior party and government official. After 5 years of rich experience, in December 2006, he was promoted to the chief of in Beijing.

In March 2008, Hu was appointed as deputy party chief of CPC in Hebei province; and nominated to be the candidate of provincial governor. In April, he was appointed as Hebei governor; and officially elected as governor in January 2009.

In November 2009, Hu was appointed as CPC party chief on Inner Mongolia autonomous region.

In November 2012, Hu was promoted to the powerful Communist Party's Politburo. He was assigned the Communist Party Secretary of Guangdong province, the province's top political office. Hu and another Communist Party's Politburo member Sun Zhengcai Hu were seen as promising candidates in the 'sixth generation' of Chinese leadership. However, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, changed the traditional power transfer rule. While Hu was not as unfortunate as Sun who was charged and sentenced (in 2018) due to corruption, he failed to enter the leadership core of CPC - the Politburo Standing Committee.

Upsala-Lenna Jernväg

Upsala-Lenna Jernväg (ULJ) is a railway line in Sweden. It runs from the city of Uppsala to various small towns in Uppsala Municipality. It is long. It is a part of the Roslagen network. It is a heritage railway.

Corazón que miente

Corazón que miente (English: "Lying Heart") is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Mapat L. de Zatarain for Televisa. It is a remake of the Mexican telenovela "Laberintos de pasión", produced in 1999 by Ernesto Alonso. It is created by Cuauhtémoc Blanco and Maria del Carmen Peña. 

The series stars Thelma Madrigal as Mariela, Pablo Lyle as Alonso, Diego Olivera as Leonardo and Dulce María as Renata.

The series was first shown on Februaury 8, 2016, in Mexico on Canal de las Estrellas.


Sun Zhengcai

Sun Zhengcai (; born September 25 1963) was a Chinese politician and senior regional official before his fall from power in 2017. 

Sun joined Communist Party of China (CPC) in July 1988. He was a member of the CPC Central Committee since 2007. Since November 2012, Sun has been the Communist Party Secretary of Chongqing, an interior municipality, and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China. Before that, he served as the Party Secretary of Jilin province, and Minister of Agriculture of China. 

Sun is the youngest member of the 18th Politburo, and one of only two members born after 1960, the other being Hu Chunhua. As such, Sun and Hu were considered to be a leading candidate for a top leadership position in the "6th Generation of Chinese leadership". However, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, changed the game by abandoning the successors designated by his predecessors.

In July 14, 2017, Sun was removed from the post of Communist Party Secretary of Chongqing, and investigated for wrong-doings. On July 24, the Chinese official news agency reported that Sun violated CPC's disciplines. On September 29, Sun was stripped of his CPC membership, fired from his government position, and charged for crime. On May 8, 2018, Sun was sentenced for life in prison.

Undue burden standard

The undue burden standard is a constitutional test created by the Supreme Court of the United States. The test, first developed in the late 19th century, is widely used in American constitutional law. In short, the Undue Burden standard says the legislature cannot make a particular law that is too burdensome or restrictive of one's fundamental rights.

One use of the standard was in "Morgan v. Commonwealth of Virginia," 328 U.S. 373 (1946). In a 7-to-1 ruling, Associate Justice Stanley Forman Reed fashioned an "undue burden" test to decide the constitutionality of a Virginia law requiring separate but equal racial segregation in public transportation. "There is a recognized abstract principle, however, that may be taken as a postulate for testing whether particular state legislation in the absence of action by Congress is beyond state power. This is that the state legislation is invalid if it unduly burdens that commerce in matters where uniformity is necessary—necessary in the constitutional sense of useful in accomplishing a permitted purpose."

More recently, the standard has been used in cases involving state restrictions on a woman's access to abortion. The standard was applied by Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in her dissent in "City of Akron v. Akron Center for Reproductive Health," 462 US 416 (1983). O'Connor used the test as an alternative to the strict scrutiny test applied in "Roe v. Wade," 410 U.S. 113 (1973).

Castillo

Castillo may refer to:



Castillo-Albaráñez

Castillo-Albaráñez is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 28.

Castillo de Garcimuñoz

Castillo de Garcimuñoz is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 209.

El Oasis

El Oasis is a rural community in Ojinaga Municipality, Chihuahua, Mexico. It had a population of 475 inhabitants at the 2010 census. It is also situated at 1,204 meters above sea level.

February 2016 Ankara bombing

The February 2016 Ankara bombing was a car bombing in Ankara, Turkey, in the afternoon of 17 February 2016. It set several vehicles alight. An operation was launched against the suspected attackers.

April Winchell

April Winchell Foley (born January 4, 1960) is an American voice actress, writer, talk radio host, commentator and comedian. She is best known for voicing Clarabelle Cow in "Mickey Mouse ClubHouse" and various other Disney projects.

She is the daughter of comedian and ventriloquist, Paul Winchell.

She was married Mick Kuisel until they divorced. She has been married to John Foley since 2013.

Bursitis

Bursitis is a painful condition. Small sacs called bursae get inflamed. Bursae are pockets between your muscles and your bones. Your bursa help you move without pain. In bursitis, the inflammation is often caused by extra fluid in the bursae. The most common places to have bursitis are in your hip and shoulder. You can also have bursitis in your elbow, knee and toe.

One of the most common symptoms of bursitis is pain. It can also cause stiffness and swelling. Pain happens when you move your joints.

The most common cause of bursitis is moving your joints too much. Swelling can happen when the joint locks.

There are a few ways to treat bursitis. The best way to treat bursitis is to rest the joint and to lift it up. You can also put a medicine called cortisone into the hurt bursa. You should put it on ice for twenty minutes three to four times a day.

Mohamed Hassanein Heikal

Mohamed Hassanein Heikal (23 September 1923 – 17 February 2016) was an Egyptian journalist. For 17 years (1957–1974), he was editor-in-chief of the Cairo newspaper "Al-Ahram". He was a commentator on Arab affairs for more than 50 years. He was born in Cairo, Egypt.

Heikal died in Cairo, Egypt from renal failure on 17 February 2016. He was aged 92.


Akbar Kakkattil

Akbar Kakkattil (7 July 1954 – 17 February 2016) was an Indian short-story writer and novelist. He was born in Kerala state. His works are known for their unique narrative style which has been seen as full of humour. His work, "Sarga Sameeksha", about a young writer with the iconic writers of the old generation is perhaps the first of its kind in an Indian language.

Kakkattil died in a hospital in Kerala from lung cancer on 17 February 2016. He was aged 62.


Andrzej Żuławski

Andrzej Żuławski (; 22 November 1940 – 17 February 2016) was a Polish movie director and writer. He was born in Lwów, Poland (now Ukraine). 

In the late 1950s, he studied filmmaking in France. His second movie "The Devil" (1972) was banned in Poland, and Żuławski went to France. After the success of "" in 1975, he returned to Poland where he spent two years making "On the Silver Globe" (1988). After that, Żuławski moved to France where he became known for controversial and violent art-house movies. Żuławski is also known for his work with actresses including Romy Schneider, Isabelle Adjani and Sophie Marceau.

Żuławski died of pancreatic cancer in Warsaw on 17 February 2016. He was aged 75.


Mies Bouwman

Maria Antoinette "Mies" Bouwman (31 December 1929 – 26 February 2018) was a retired Dutch television presenter. She was born in Amsterdam. She started her career on the very first broadcasting evening of the Dutch broadcasting association KRO (Catholic Radio Broadcaster) on 16 October 1951.

Bouwman developed and hosted "Eén van de acht". It was known in the UK as "The Generation Game". She hosted many talk shows, as well as the Dutch version of "This Is Your Life". She stopped her regular work after falling sick but has occasionally returned for special programs.

Bouwman died on 26 February 2018 in Elst, Netherlands of cardiomyopathy at the age of 88.

Ludwig (surname)

Ludwig is German name. It can be a given name for males or a surname. It is derived from the Old High German name Hludwig, which means "famous warrior." The name Ludwig has a strong and powerful meaning, making it an excellent choice for parents who want to give their child a name that will inspire strength and courage. The name is also associated with intelligence and creativity, making it a great choice for parents who want to encourage their child to pursue their passions and interests. The pronunciation of the name is [ luhd-wig, l"oo"d-vig, -wig; "German" loot-vikh, lood- ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Casas

Casas may refer to:








Casas de Haro

Casas de Haro is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 910.

Casas de los Pinos

Casas de los Pinos is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 531.

Casas de Guijarro

Casas de Guijarro is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 135.

Casas de Garcimolina

Casas de Garcimolina is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 39.

Casas de Fernando Alonso

Casas de Fernando Alonso is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,405.

Casas de Benítez

Casas de Benítez is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,118.

Yacouba Sawadogo

Yacouba Sawadogo (April 4, 1946 — December 4, 2023) was a farmer from Burkina Faso, a country in West Africa. He has been using a traditional farming technique called Zaï to help soil damaged by drought. He is notable for spreading an improved soil and water conservation practice in Burkina Faso.

He went to a religious school where the students often didn't have enough to eat. Since he was the smallest and youngest, he was the one who had to go without.

The northern parts of Burkina Faso are very dry and often have droughts. The most recent big drought in happened in the 1970s, resulting in a famine (lack of food) which killed a lot of people.

The drought caused a lot of desertification. There were also other problems like overgrazing, bad land management, and overpopulation. These problems meant that a lot of land could not be used to grow food.

Together with Mathieu Ouédraogo, another local farmer, Yacouba Sawadogo tried different ways of fixing bad soil in about 1980. He uses simple traditional things: cordons pierreux (lines of stones) and zaï holes. Both Sawadogo and Ouédraogo have tried to get other people to do the same things.

Cordons pierreux are thin lines of fist-sized stones laid across fields. They catch water. When rain falls, it pushes silt (special dirt) across top of the field. The rocks slow down the water so it soaks into the ground more. The silt also makes a good place for seeds of local plants to grow. The plants slow the water even more, and their roots break up the soil, so it's easier for more water to soak in.

Zaï holes are holes dug in the soil. They also catch water, but in a different way. They used to only be used a little bit to make land better for growing plants. Yacouba Sawadogo had the idea to fill the holes with manure and other things to make food for the plants. The manure attracts termites, whose tunnels help break up the soil even more. He also made the holes slightly bigger than the traditional ones. Zaï holes have been used to help cultivate trees, and crops like sorghum and millet.

Yacouba Sawadogo holds "Market Days" to get other people to do these things, especially zaï holes. People come to share seeds and learn from each another.

Yacouba Sawadogo's work with zaï holes helped him make a forest of about fifty acres (20 hectares). The nearby city of Ouahigouya took the land to make money. Sawadogo and his family members each get one tenth of out of the plot, and don't get any other payment.

Sawadogo is trying to get $20,000 (American dollars) to buy the land.

Zaï

Zaï is a technique used in agriculture. Holes are dug in the soil to catch water. They have been used in the western Sahel area to make soil healthier and grow more plants.

Yacouba Sawadogo, a farmer from Burkina Faso, is bringing back zaï holes. He came up with the idea of filling them with manure and compost as food for plants. The manure attracts termites, whose tunnels help further break up the soil. He also made the holes slightly bigger than the traditional ones. Zaï holes help trees, sorghum, and millet make up to 500% more food or wood. 

Jury trial

A jury trial or trial by jury is a legal proceeding in which a jury either makes a decision or makes findings of fact. This is called a verdict. The judge usually follows the jury's verdict in his ruling. It is distinguished from a bench trial, in which a judge or panel of judges make all decisions.

William the Conqueror brought to England a system of having witnesses who had any knowledge of a crime, tell the court what they knew. They did this after first swearing an oath. The word juror in English comes from the French "jurer" (to swear). In the 12th century juries were used by the king to discover and present facts. Usually this was in answer to questions posed by the king or his ministers who made the final decision in the case. Eventually this led to a system where the jury made a verdict based on evidence. In the late colonial period, juries became a tool used to express American discontent with British rule. A series of Navigation Acts prohibited the American colonies from trading directly with the Netherlands, Spain, France, and their colonies. As more and more trade restriction were imposed, the American colonists turned to smuggling. When smugglers were caught, they were brought before juries made up of other colonists. These sympathetic juries often acquitted their fellow colonists. The king, angered at these lawbreakers going free, created new courts that did not allow juries. This was a breach of common law practice and infringed on their rights as British citizens. After the Revolutionary war, the Seventh Amendment's right to a jury trial was written to limit the powers of the executive and the Judicial branches of the new federal government.

Jury trials are changing worldwide. In 2008 Russia abolished jury trials in cases of treason and terrorism. Britain, where juries got their start, is using them less in cases of serious fraud and may ban them from some inquests. In many asian countries, their legal systems are moving towards using the jury trial more. In the United States jury trials are on the decline. In federal courts 

The right to a jury trial in civil cases is found in the United States but in very few other places. England, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have all but done away with civil jury trials in favor of bench trials. Fewer than 1 percent of civil trials in the US are jury trials. The Seventh Amendment prevents judges from overturning a jury verdict in federal cases where the finding of fact is reasonably supported by the evidence. In addition, the Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to a speedy trial by an impartial jury in criminal trials.


Lacrimal bone

The lacrimal bone is the smallest bone in the face; about the size of the little fingernail. It is at the front of the inside wall of the eye socket. 

The lacrimal bone is involved in crying. It is part of the tear duct, where tears drain from the eye. The lacrimal sac is where tears flow when you cry. The tears then go down a duct inside the nose. This is why you can get a runny nose from crying. 

Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office

The Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office is the official cat of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The cat works at 10 Downing Street. Only three cats, Humphrey, Sybil and Larry, have been given the title officially. Other cats have been given this title as a nickname, usually by the British press. There has been a Downing Street cat mouser and pet since the reign of Henry VIII.

Official records about these working cats only date back to 3 June 1929. These come from the Treasury and state the cost for taking care of the cat. Now, the mouser costs 100 GBP (about $140) a year for keep.

The cats do not always belong to the Prime Minister in residence. Only rarely do they serve for exactly the same time as a Prime Minister.The cat with the longest known time at Downing Street is Wilberforce. He served for eighteen years under Edward Heath, Harold Wilson, Jim Callaghan, and Margaret Thatcher.

The incumbent is Larry, since 15 February 2011. The last cat Sybil, was the first mouser after a ten-year gap. She began in September 2007 and left in January 2009. Sybil was owned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling, who lived in 10 Downing Street. The Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, lived in the larger 11 Downing Street. It was reported that Sybil did not like living in London. She went back to Scotland to live with a friend of the Darlings until she died.

In January 2011, rats were seen in Downing Street, "scurrying across the steps of Number 10 Downing Street for the second time during a TV news report,", as reported by Independent Television News . The Prime Minister's office first said there were "no plans" for a cat to be brought in. On 14 February 2011, it was reported that a cat named "Larry" had been brought in to get rid of the rodents. The "London Evening Standard" reported that the brown and white tabby cat had been chosen by David Cameron and his family, from those at Battersea Dogs & Cats Home.

In September 2012, it was reported that Prime Minister David Cameron had dismissed Larry from the post of Chief Mouser. He put in place Chancellor George Osborne's tabby cat, Freya, as the new Chief Mouser to patrol Numbers 10, 11, and 12. Some sources said the two cats would be "job sharing" to avoid any hurt feelings. In November 2014 Freya was exiled from Downing Street, again leaving Larry as the Chief Mouser.

When Theresa May became new Prime Minister in July 2016, Cabinet Office staff said that Larry would still live at Downing Street and would be Chief Mouser under the new Prime Minister. However, "The Daily Telegraph" says maybe Cameron does not really like Larry. During David Cameron's final Prime Minister's Questions on 13 July 2016, the Prime Minister said to the House that Larry's role as Chief Mouser was secure even after the change of premier. Cameron also showed photos that prove he loves Larry. He spoke of his "sadness" that he cannot take Larry with him. 

Larry has also been through UK Prime Ministers Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Liz Truss and current minister Rishi Sunak. 

The British government voluntarily employees and feeds 100,000 cats to keep down mice on government property. By being chosen Chief Mouser, of course, Larry (and Freya) became quite pampered cats, living in royal luxury.

Larry's birthday was celebrated on 15 February 2016. A month later Larry's importance to the UK was compared favourably to a team of dolphins being trained by the Russian Navy. In April Larry's ability to be a good mouser was again questioned. So a new neighbour, Palmerston the cat, moved into the Foreign Office. Just a week later Palmerston made his first kill, a mouse.

During President Obama's April visit to the UK, Larry got much coverage in American social media and news reports.

In June 2016 it was reported that Larry is undecided about the Brexit decision. Whether he gets to keep living at 10 Downing Street, he will still get his daily dinner.



Civil law (common law)

Civil law is a branch of the law in common law countries. The other branch of common law is criminal law. Civil law is concerned with the duties individuals owe to other people or to their government. This excludes the duty not to commit crimes. The American form of civil justice is considerably different from European systems. Two features stand out, class actions and the awarding of punitive damages in tort cases. Many people in other countries are amazed at the number of civil cases in the United States. Americans sue in a wide variety of cases for compensation and medical expenses that are covered in other countries by national health insurance and government compensation programs.

Civil law is concerned with cases such as divorce, child custody and support and related lawsuits. Contract cases, tort cases (when someone is hurt and seeks compensation) and crimes which are tried in a criminal court and then tried in a civil case. Examples would be cases resulting from drunk driving or hit and run.

Civil cases use a lower preponderance of the evidence standard of proof whereas criminal cases use the higher standard of beyond a reasonable doubt. An example of the differences and that the same crime can result in both criminal and civil trials is the O. J. Simpson trials. In his criminal trial a jury decided the evidence did not meet the higher standard so he was acquitted of murder charges. But in the civil wrongful death trial he was found guilty.

The right to a jury trial in civil cases is found in the United States but in very few other places. England, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have all but done away with civil jury trials in favor of bench trials. Fewer than 1 percent of civil trials in the US are jury trials. Where juries are used, the presence of a jury has changed the form of civil proceedings. A jury has to be impaneled, they must hear witnesses and go over evidence before reaching a verdict. The verdict, in turn, must follow the instructions given by a judge.

Bench trials in civil cases are usually conducted differently than jury trials. Judges usually prefer settlements to trials and prefer bench trials because they save time. A judge can streamline a case by asking for what he wants to see and hear, not what is presented for the benefit of a jury.

Bench trials have several advantages. They are usually much less formal than a jury trial. Attorneys for both sides can usually agree on the facts of a case before the trial starts. This can save a great deal of time otherwise spent on hearing witnesses and reviewing evidence. This can save on the costs of a trial. In a jury trial, the judge is required to give instructions to the jury before they deliberate. If a judge makes an error in his instructions, this is called a reversible error and can be used as a basis for an appeal. In a bench trial, the judge gives no instructions since there is no jury. This means the judge cannot be reversed due to an error in the instructions.


CBGB

CBGB was a New York City music nightclub. The letters "CBGB" stand for "country, bluegrass, blues". The club was opened in 1973 by Hilly Kristal. CBGB, soon afterward, became a place where new wave and punk rock bands played. These included Patti Smith Group, Blondie, Ramones and Talking Heads. From the early 1980s onward, CBGB was known for hardcore punk.

One store next to CBGB became the "CBGB Record Canteen", a record shop and café. In the late 1980s, CBGB Record Canteen was changed into an art gallery and second performance space. The name was "CB's 313 Gallery." CB's Gallery was played by artists of milder sounds, such as acoustic rock, folk, jazz or experimental music. On the other side, CBGB had a small cafe and bar in the mid 1990s. The cafe served classic New York pizza.

In October 2006, the original CBGB closed after its final concert. The concert was by Patti Smith. CBGB Radio started on the iHeartRadio platform in 2010. In 2013, its previous building, 315 Bowery, was added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Bowery Historic District.

2015–16 UEFA Champions League – Group stage

The 2015–16 UEFA Champions League group stage began on 15 September and ended on 9 December 2015. A total of 32 teams competed in group stage to decide the 16 places in the knockout phase of the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Wilberforce (cat)

Wilberforce was a cat who lived and worked at 10 Downing Street, the home of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He lived there between October 1973 and 13 November 1987. His title was "Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office".

He served under four British Prime Ministers: Edward Heath, Harold Wilson, Jim Callaghan, and Margaret Thatcher. His chief job was to catch mice. While he was alive, he was said to be "the best mouser in Britain" as fit his role.

He retired on 3 April 1987, and was succeeded by Humphrey who was born in 1988, the year Wilberforce died.

Wilberforce was just a kitten when he was adopted from a London branch of the RSPCA in 1973. This was while Edward Heath was Prime Minister. He was appointed the Office Manager's cat, with a living allowance for his care. The black-and-white cat turned out to be a terrific mouser. The policeman on security duty at the front door of Number 10 had to ring the bell for Wilberforce whenever he wanted to come in.

According to Bernard Ingham, the former press secretary to Margaret Thatcher, Wilberforce was a normal cat for whom Thatcher once bought "a tin of sardines in a Moscow supermarket". Ingham was allergic to cats and did his best to avoid Wilberforce. "Bloody Wilberforce used to sit under my desk and I would have a fit of sneezing. I hate cats", he said.

On the BBC coverage of the 1983 UK general election, presenter Esther Rantzen was allowed to hold Wilberforce and introduce him to viewers.

Wilberforce retired in 1986, after 13 years of loyal service. He went to live with a retired caretaker from No. 10 in the country. He died in his sleep on 19 May 1988.


Delegate

A delegate someone who is either chosen or elected to vote or act for others. In organizations like the United Nations, each country sends delegates to represent them.

Before a general election in the US, the process to select candidates begins with delegates. At the state level each of the major political parties selects delegates to attend a national convention. The two ways delegates are selected are the caucus and the Primary election. Each state may have different ways to select delegates as do political parties. The Republican Party lets each state decide how to select delegates. The Democratic Party uses a proportional method for awarding delegates. The percentage of delegates each candidate is awarded depends on the caucus or how many are elected for each candidate. Candidate "X" may have 40 percent, candidate "Y" may have 20 percent while candidate "Z" may have 50 percent. Any remaining percent may be undecided votes or for other candidates. 

A candidate becomes his or her party's presidential nominee after the delegates sent to the convention give that person a majority of the votes. Because there are often multiple rounds of votes taken to select a presidential candidate, delegates sometimes change their votes. But in recent elections that has become unnecessary. Since 1976, it was fairly clear who was the front-runner even before the first vote was taken.

Glenwood, Illinois

Glenwood is a village in northeastern Illinois, near Chicago. At the 2020 Census, about 8,662 people were living there.

Pareidolia

Pareidolia ) is a word from Ancient Greek to describe the phenomenon, that the human mind often perceives familiar patterns in a stimulus, even when they are not there. 

Common examples are perceived images of animals, faces, or objects in cloud formations, the "man in the moon", the "moon rabbit", and hidden messages within recorded music played in reverse or at higher- or lower-than-normal speeds.

Pareidolia is a special case of clustering illusion. 

Gillette, Wyoming

Gillette is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Campbell County.

Charles Caldwell Ryrie

Charles Caldwell Ryrie (March 2, 1925 – February 16, 2016) was an American writer and Christian theologian. He served as professor of systematic theology and dean of doctoral studies at Dallas Theological Seminary. He also served as president and professor at what is now Cairn University. 

Ryrie was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was raised in Alton, Illinois. Ryrie studied at Haverford College and at University of Edinburgh. 

He was the editor of "The Ryrie Study Bible" by Moody Publishers. It contains more than 10,000 of Ryrie's explanatory notes. First published in 1978, it has sold more than 2 million copies. He was a notable advocate of classic premillennial dispensationalism.

Ryrie died in Dallas, Texas on February 16, 2016 from pneumonia. He was aged 90.

Abdul Rashid Khan

Abdul Rashid Khan (19 August 1908 – 18 February 2016) was an Indian singer of Hindustani music. He performed khayal, dhrupad, dhamar and thumri.

Khan made several musical compositions. He was also a productive writer and poet. For his writing, he used the name Rasan Piya. He trained many students in his lifetime and became regarded as a "guru" at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy in Kolkata.

Khan died in 18 February 2016 from multiple organ failure. He was aged 107.

Alexander Gutman

Alexander Ilyich Gutman (; January 29, 1945 – February 17, 2016) was a Russian movie director of Jewish origin. His career began in 1986. Gutman made over 50 documentary movies, 13 of them as director. He won awards at several Russian and international movie festivals. His most famous movie is "Journey Back to Youth". 

Gutman was born in St. Petersburg. He graduated from the Leningrad Polytechnical Institute (now known as St. Petersburg State Polytechnic University) (1968) and VGIK (1978). Gutman died in Moscow on February 17, 2016 from heart failure. He was aged 71.

Axillary nerve

The axillary nerve is a nerve in the armpit. It comes from the brachial plexus. It has nerve fibers from the C5 and C6 nerve roots. The axillary nerve goes through the quadrangular space. It is sometimes called the circumflex nerve.

The axillary nerve sends and receives signals from three muscles in the arm: deltoid (a muscle of the shoulder), teres minor (one of the rotator cuff muscles) and the long head of the triceps brachii. 

The axillary nerve sends signals to two muscles in the forearm, and to muscles in the hand. The axillary nerve also sends signals to the brain from the shoulder joint, and from the skin.

The axillary nerve can get injured from shoulder dislocation, squashing the armpit using a crutch or a broken arm. Injury to the nerve results in:


Triceps brachii muscle

The triceps brachii muscle is a muscle on the back of the upper arm. There are three parts that each come from different places at the top of the arm and join together at the elbow. It straightens the arm. The name is Latin for "three-headed muscle in the arm".

The triceps brachii has three heads. They are: the long head, medial (inside) head, and the lateral (outside) head.The long head comes from the shoulderblade. It goes down the arm between teres minor muscle and teres major muscle.

The medial head and lateral heads comes from the humerus (upper arm bone).

The medial head is mostly made of small, slow muscle fibers and motor units. The lateral head is mostly made of large, fast fibers and motor units. The long head is made of a mixture of fiber types and motor units. Some scientists think that each of the three parts can be thought of as separate muscles.

The fibers join to a single tendon to attach to the ulna bone. Some research found that there might be more than one tendon. 

Scientists used to think that all three heads of the triceps brachii got nerve signals from the radial nerve. However, a study found that, in 20 cadaveric (dead) bodies and 15 live people, the long head actually got nerve signals from part of the axillary nerve in every case.

The triceps straightens the elbow pulls against the biceps and brachialis muscles. It can also hold the elbow in place when the forearm and hand are used for small movements, like writing.The long head might be used when the same force is needed for a long time, or to help control shoulder and elbow movement. The lateral head is used when a lot of force is needed at once, while the medial part is used for more careful movement.

The long head also moves shoulder joint, bringing the arm backwards or inwards.

The triceps can be trained by itself or together with other muscles by straightening the elbow or keeping it straight while holding something.

The name triceps brachii is Latin for three-headed. It is called this because there are three parts of the muscle. The triceps brachii is commonly just called the triceps.

The plural of "triceps" used to be "tricipites", but now people usually say "triceps" to mean both singular and plural.

In horses, the long head is about 84% of the weight of the triceps, the lateral head is about 15%, and the medial head is about 3%.

Many mammals, like dogs, cows, and pigs, have a fourth triceps head, called the accessory head. It is between the lateral and medial heads. 


A Touch of Class (band)

A Touch of Class (also known as ATC) was a pop group based in Germany. It had four members. They each came from different countries— Joseph "Joey" Murray from New Zealand, Livio Salvi from Italy, Sarah Egglestone from Australia and Tracey Packham from the United Kingdom. The group was active from 1998 to 2003.

They were most popular after the release of their first single, "Around The World (La La La La La)", in 2000. This song was an English version of the song "Pesenka" by Ruki Vverh! It was first released on 9 May 2000. It charted at #1 in Germany for six weeks. It was later a Top 40 hit in the United Kingdom and United States. The song was in a television commercial for General Electric in early 2002. Similar-sounding songs were successful in parts of Europe, but A Touch of Class are mainly remembered for this first hit.

Their first album was "Planet Pop". It was released on 6 February 2001 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Republic Records. Their second album was "Touch The Sky". It was not very successful. The group broke up in mid-2003.

List of castles and fortresses in Azerbaijan

This is a list of castles and fortresses in Azerbaijan.


Civil War Journal

Civil War Journal is an American television series on The History Channel. It was shown from 1993 to 1998. There was only one season.

Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania

Roaring Spring is a borough in Blair County, Pennsylvania, United States. It had 2,384 people living there at the 2020 census. It is part of the Altoona Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Roaring Spring, Kentucky

Roaring Spring is an unincorporated community in Trigg County, Kentucky, United States.

A post office called Roaring Spring was established in 1849, and operated until 1909. It is named after a nearby cave spring which produced a roar.

Roaring Spring

Roaring Spring may refer to:


Tensor

A tensor is a mathematical object. Tensors provide a mathematical framework for solving physics problems in areas such as elasticity, fluid mechanics and general relativity. The word "tensor" comes from the Latin word "tendere" meaning "to stretch".

A tensor of order zero (zeroth-order tensor) is a scalar (simple number). A tensor of order one (first-order tensor) is a linear map that maps every vector into a scalar. A vector is a tensor of order one. A tensor of order two (second-order tensor) is a linear map that maps every vector into a vector (e.g. a matrix).

In linear algebra, the tensor product of two vector spaces formula_1 and formula_2, formula_3, is itself a vector space. It is a way of creating a new vector space analogous of multiplication of integers.


La Paz, Honduras

La Paz () is the capital of the La Paz Department of Honduras. It has a population of 46,264 (2015 est.).

Kenton County, Kentucky

Kenton County is a county in Kentucky. Its county seats are Covington and Independence.

Kenton County is included in the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.


Trigg County, Kentucky

Trigg County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,061. Its county seat is Cadiz.

Harlan County, Kentucky

Harlan County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,831. Its county seat is Harlan.


BBC Choice

BBC Choice was a television channel owned by the British Broadcasting Corporation. It launched on 23 September 1998 along with the launch of digital television in the UK, there was also a launch promo featuring actress Pauline Quirke. It was replaced on 8 February 2003 by BBC Three.

Kenton

Kenton may refer to:







System of Rice Intensification

The System of Rice Intensification (SRI) is a way to grow rice. This plan for farming may grow more rice in the same field. It uses less water, takes more work, and uses younger seedlings spaced apart. SRI calls for hand weeding with special tools. It was started in 1983 by the French Jesuit Father Henri de Laulanié in Madagascar. Full testing and spread of the system throughout the rice growing parts of the world did not happen until some years later with the help of schools like Cornell University.

Writing the plan now called SRI started in the 1960s when Fr. de Laulanie kept notes on growing rice. The SRI plan includes using less water and hand planting very young seedlings in a square. The SRI plan continues to change. Sometimes people try to use only rain for water, and sometimes people try to plant seeds instead of young plants. The main parts of SRI plan written by Cornell University, New York are:


Thanks to Norman Uphoff, the SRI plan has spread from Madagascar to many places around the world. Norman Uphoff was director of the Cornell International Institute for Food, Agriculture and Development at Cornell University, Ithaca, New York from 1990 to 2005. In 1993, Uphoff met officers from Association Tefy Saina, the non-governmental organisation set up in Madagascar in 1990 by de Laulanie to try SRI. After trying the SRI plan for three years, Malagasy farms that made about 2 tons/hectare improved to about 8 tons/hectare. Uphoff believed the SRI plan works, and in 1997 started to tell groups in Asia about SRI. Uphoff estimates that by 2013 the number of small farms using SRI had grown to between 4 and 5 million.

Believers and unbelievers of SRI talk about the SRI claims, and many questions about it remain unresolved. Wageningen University has also published an article discussing the problems of measuring SRI. This paper ended by saying: "Although the technical aspects of SRI have been contested, it clearly exists as a real social phenomenon".

The question now seems to be: is SRI better at making more rice and other benefits to rice farmers, such as healthier soils, when compared with older, trusted ways for growing rice?[source?]

Proponents and critics of SRI debate the claimed benefits and many questions about it remain unresolved. Wageningen University has also published an article discussing the challenges of evaluating SRI in which one concluding sentence read: "Although the technical aspects of SRI have been contested, it clearly exists as a real social phenomenon".

The question at hand seems to be: is SRI better at delivering increased yield and other benefits to rice farmers, such as healthier soils, when compared with established recommended best management practices for rice production?

Believers of SRI claim it grows more rice, saves water, reduces costs, and raises income and that benefits have been achieved in 40 countries. Uphoff published an article in the International Journal of Agricultural Sustainability that states that SRI "can raise irrigated rice yields to about double the present world average without relying on external inputs, also offering environmental and equity benefits".

A special issue on SRI in the trade journal Paddy and Water Environment (not related to schools) collected recent findings in support of SRI.

In 2011 Five farmers beat the old yield record, the best was a young farmer named Sumant Kumar setting a new world record in rice yield of 22.4 tons per hectare using SRI, beating the existing world record held by the Chinese scientist Yuan Longping by 3 tons. In 2014 S Sethumadhavan from Alanganallur, India grew a record yield of nearly 24 tons of paddy rice per hectare using SRI.

How well SRI works is still debated between believers and unbelievers of the plan. Critics of SRI say that claims of high yield in SRI are due to unscientific reporting. They object that there is a lack of details on the methodology used in trials and a lack of printed reports in the peer-reviewed literature (related to schools and universities). Some unbelievers have suggested that SRI success is unique to soil conditions in Madagascar. While unbelievers still claim this, there are over 700 articles and printed reports about SRI that are published in international scientific journals as of January 2016.

Below is a picture gallery of SRI farming in Chhattisgarh, India:



Toulouse School of Economics

Toulouse School of Economics (TSE) is a school for the study of economics. The school is in Toulouse, France. It is one of the most famous research and teaching centers of economics in the world. It was created in 2006.

TSE is specialist in the fields of economics. Its President is Jean Tirole, who won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2014.



Jasmine Tookes

Jasmine Tookes (born February 1, 1991) is an American model.

Tookes was born and raised in Huntington Beach, California. She did gymnastics for ten years and was active in volleyball and softball before she became a model at about the age of 15. Her mother is a celebrity fashion stylist. Tookes wther's showroom appointments.
Tookes is of mixed ancestry. African, West Indian and her maternal grandmother is Caucasian.

Tookes' first commercial ad campaigns were in 2010 for ugg boots and Gap. Before breaking out on the international scene, she booked a Spring 2011 DKNY campaign and a layout in "Vogue Italia".

In 2015, she became a Victoria's Secret Angel.

In September 2020, Tookes announced her engagement to her boyfriend of four years Juan David Borrero, director of international markets of Snap Inc and son of doctor Alfredo Borrero Vega, Vice President-elect of Ecuador.

Paavo Nurmi

Paavo Johannes Nurmi (13 June 1897 – 2 October 1973) was a Finnish middle- and long-distance runner. He was born in Turku. Nurmi set 22 official world records at distances between 1500 metres and 20 kilometres. He participated in the Olympic Games twelve times where he won nine gold and three silver medals.

Belle (Disney)

Belle is a brown haired Disney princess. She is in the Disney movie, "Beauty and the Beast". She is a normal girl who loves to read and help her father. She hates the Beast till she finds out he is not a beast. He has a loving heart and was cursed by an old woman. Belle has brown eyes, brown hair, and a loving heart.

Co-dependency

Codependency is a psychological condition that makes the person put the needs of others before their own. It originated to describe people in a relationship where they become care-givers to someone who has a substance abuse problem (eg an alcoholic or drug addict).

In a codependent relationship, individuals put the other person’s needs before their own, often sacrificing their own integrity and sense of self in the process. Codependency can cause a person to have an overinflated belief that they alone are responsible for affecting the beliefs, thoughts, emotions, and behaviours of those around them.

So codependency is a word used to describe a person who is excessively focused on taking care of the needs of others. This behaviour leads to them having problems in their life because they never do anything for themselves, but they exist to serve their partner. They feel guilty or ashamed whenever they do something for themselves, so they neglect themselves.

Unfortunately this means that codependent people are easy targets for abusive people, especially those who have narcissistic personality disorder. They often end up in relationships with people who have NPD, because narcissists have an extreme need for admiration, which the codependent partner is very willing to provide.


While childhood abuse, traumatic experiences, and exposure to narcissistic behaviors of parents and/or partners seem to play a role, it is difficult to predict codependency on the basis of any of these factors alone.

There are two main forms of codependence: passive and active. Someone who is passively codependent is more likely to avoid conflict and confrontation, going to great lengths to keep things smooth and not rock the boat. Active codependency is often more manipulative, and an individual may try to push their partner into behaving a certain way in order to fill their own emotional needs. 

Both forms of codependence have many things in common, however. Some common signs of codependency include:


Hardin

Hardin may refer to:




Hardin, Ohio

Hardin is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, Ohio.

Hardin was platted in 1816. The community was named for John Hardin (1753–1792), a Continental Army officer in the American Revolutionary War. Hardin was the county seat from 1819 until 1820. A post office called Hardin was established in 1820, and discontinued in 1909.

Jeffersonville

Jeffersonville is the name of several places in the United States:


Jefferson County

Jefferson County is the name of 26 counties and one parish in the United States:


Ravensbrück concentration camp

Ravensbrück concentration camp (pronounced "RAW-vins-brook") was a concentration camp for women, run by Nazi Germany during World War II. It was in northern Germany, near the town of Ravensbrück.

The "Schutzstaffel" (SS), led by Heinrich Himmler, ran Ravensbrück concentration camp.

In November 1938, Himmler gave the order to start building the camp at Ravensbrück. By 1939, Ravensbrück was the biggest women's concentration camp in Nazi Germany.

Over time, the Nazis made Ravensbrück much bigger. By 1944, Ravensbrück had become a complex (a group of many concentration camps).

Between 1939 and 1945, about 153,000 people were prisoners at Ravensbrück.

After Heinrich Himmler decided that Ravensbrück should be built, the SS brought about 500 male prisoners from Sachsenhausen concentration camp to the area. The SS forced these prisoners to build Ravensbrück. SS records say that Ravensbruck was designed to hold 3,000 prisoners.

Ravensbrück opened in May 1939. The camp's first prisoners were a group of about 900 women sent from Lichtenburg concentration camp. Ravensbrück very quickly became full. From 1939 to 1945, the Nazis were constantly making the camp bigger to hold more and more prisoners.

After Nazi Germany invaded Poland in September 1939, the Nazis made Ravensbrück much larger. They expected to send many Polish people to concentration camps, and they wanted Ravensbrück to be able to fit more prisoners. However, by May 1940 (just eight months after World War II started), Ravensbrück was full of prisoners.

When Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in summer 1941, there were about 5,000 prisoners at Ravensbrück. By the end of 1942, the camp held 10,000 prisoners (including many Soviet prisoners of war).

At its most crowded, the women's camp held 50,000 prisoners.

To make room for more and more prisoners, the Nazis added new camps to the original women's camp.

In April 1941, the Nazis added a concentration camp for men next to the women's camp. The SS forced the male prisoners to build the new camps in the Ravensbrück complex, and to work on making the women's camp bigger.

In June 1942, a "juvenile protective custody camp" called "Uckermark" was built next to the men's camp. This was a camp just for teenage girls and young women.

By 1944, the SS had forced prisoners to build over 40 smaller camps (called sub-camps). These sub-camps held over 70,000 prisoners, mostly women. The original Ravensbrück camp became the office for these sub-camps. However, women prisoners were still kept there, and male prisoners had to keep making the camp bigger to fit more prisoners.

Of the 153,000 people who were prisoners at Ravensbrück between 1939 and 1945:

People were sent to Ravensbrück for many different reasons. Prisoners at Ravensbrück included:

The Nazis sent people from over 30 countries to Ravensbrück. For example, historians estimate that:
Male SS members were in charge of Ravensbrück. However, the camp had over 150 female SS members who guarded the prisoners.

Ravensbrück was also a training camp for SS women. They learned how to be concentration camp guards at Ravensbrück. Then they would stay and work there, or go work at another camp. Over 4,000 SS women trained at Ravensbrück.

Many of the female SS guards at Ravensbrück, like Irma Grese, treated the prisoners very badly.

When prisoners first got to Ravensbrück, their hair was usually shaved off. The SS took away their personal things, including their clothes. Prisoners had to wear striped uniforms, which included a dress and a head scarf. Later on in the war, when there were not enough uniforms, women were sometimes allowed to wear their own clothes. However, they had to mark a big white "X" on the back of their clothes to show that they were prisoners.

Every prisoner was given a serial number. The SS never called them by their names - only by their numbers.

Prisoners had to sew their serial numbers onto their clothes. They also had to wear colored triangles which showed why they were sent to Ravensbrück. In the middle of the triangle, they had to sew a letter saying what country they were from. For example, Polish prisoners had to sew a red triangle with the letter "P" (for Poland) onto their clothes. (A red triangle showed that a person was a political enemy of Nazi Germany.)

When Ravensbrück first opened, and the camp was not too crowded, living conditions were not too bad. However, during the winter of 1939 to 1940, the camp got more crowded, and the SS reacted by giving the prisoners less food. After 1941, the food got much worse, and prisoners got much less of it.

The women's camp at Ravensbrück had twelve barracks where the prisoners lived. They slept on wooden bunks which had three rows, one on top of the other. Each barrack had a washroom and three toilets with no doors. There was very little sanitation. After 1943, sanitation in the barracks got much worse. This made it easier for diseases to spread.

Towards the end of World War II, the camp was so crowded that 1,500 to 2,000 women were packed into barracks meant to hold only 250 people. Many women had to sleep on the floor, without even a blanket. In 1945, the barracks were so crowded and sanitation was so bad that an epidemic of typhus spread through the camp. The disease killed many prisoners.

Every morning, the prisoners had to get up at 4:00 in the morning for roll call. This meant they had to stand in line while the SS counted them.

After roll call, prisoners went to work. Every prisoner at Ravensbrück was forced to work. If a person could not work, they would be killed.

Many prisoners worked at a Siemens Electric Company factory next to the women's camp. The prisoners worked as slaves, making parts for Nazi V-1 and V-2 rockets (flying bombs). Other prisoners worked at important German companies like Daimler-Benz (now Mercedes-Benz) and AEG (a German electrical company).

Some prisoners in the women's camp did other jobs, like:

Some women had to work outside. They built roads and buildings. Sometimes these women were used like animals. For example, sometimes twelve to fourteen women would have to pull a huge roller to pave the streets.

Women who were too sick or injured to do other jobs - usually because of medical experiments - knitted things like socks for the German Army, or cleaned the barracks and latrines.

Prisoners usually worked for twelve hours a day. Some worked from 7:00 in the morning to 7:00 at night. Others worked from 7:00 at night to 7:00 in the morning.

Prisoners did not have to work on Sundays.

Starting in 1942, Nazi doctors did medical experiments on 86 women prisoners. The doctors did two types of experiments.

In the first type, the doctors cut the women's legs, muscles, and nerves, or broke their leg bones. Then they infected these wounds with bacteria. Sometimes they rubbed wood or glass into the wounds. Then they gave the women sulfanilamide antibiotics to see if they would work.

In the second type of experiment, the doctors studied whether bones could be taken from one person and put into another person. They amputated some women's arms or legs to do these experiments.

In January 1945, Nazi doctors sterilized about 120 to 140 Roma women and children. The doctors were trying to find a quick, easy way to sterilize people.

Some women died from these experiments. The SS killed some other women who had wounds that did not heal.

Some of the women and young children at Ravensbrück were raped or sexually abused.

Starting in 1942, the SS created brothels in eight other concentration camps, like Buchenwald and Dachau. Women from Ravensbrück were forced to work as prostitutes in these brothels.

Nobody agrees on how many people died or were murdered at Ravensbrück. Estimates range from 52,200, to 90,000, to 117,000.

Prisoners at Ravensbrück died for many reasons. These included:

Many prisoners were also murdered by the SS.

Unlike many other concentration camps, Ravensbrück did not have its own gas chamber until early 1945. The SS used other ways of killing prisoners.

Regularly, the SS would perform "selections." They would pick out prisoners who looked too sick or weak to work. Then they would kill these prisoners.

At first, the SS killed prisoners by shooting them or giving them lethal injections in the camp's "hospital." Then, starting in 1942, they began sending prisoners to other places that did have gas chambers, like Hartheim Euthanasia Centre, so they could be killed there. Between 1942 and 1944, the SS sent about 60 groups of prisoners to Hartheim to be gassed to death. Each group had 60 to 1,000 prisoners in it.

The SS also sent prisoners to Auschwitz concentration camp to be killed in its gas chambers.

In early 1945, the SS made prisoners build a gas chamber at Ravensbrück. By this time, the Nazis knew that the Soviet Red Army was getting close. They wanted to kill as many prisoners as possible before the Red Army arrived. In its last few months, Ravensbrück became an extermination camp (a death camp). The SS started sending children and prisoners from Ravensbrück's sub-camps to the main camp, so they could be gassed to death. In just a few months, the SS killed 5,000 to 6,000 prisoners in the gas chamber.

In March 1945, the Red Army was very close to Ravensbrück. The SS did not want to leave any witnesses to tell the Soviets what had happened at Ravensbrück. In March, they sent about 8,000 prisoners to other concentration camps.

On April 27, the SS forced about 20,000 female prisoners and about 3,000 male prisoners to march towards the middle of Germany. This was a death march. The SS guards had been ordered to kill anyone who could not keep up. However, Soviet soldiers found the route of the march and freed the prisoners who had survived the death march.

On April 29, the SS guards that were still at Ravensbrück ran away from the camp. The next day, the Red Army arrived at Ravensbrück and freed the camp. They found only about 3,000 very sick prisoners. These were the prisoners that the SS had left behind because they were too sick to march.


Pantelis Pantelidis

Pantelis Pantelidis (23 November 1983 – 18 February 2016) was a Greek singer and songwriter. He was born in Athens and grew up in Nea Ionia. He worked in the Greek Navy, but left this job for a musical career. He learned music by himself. He became known from some YouTube videos. He worked with Greek musicians such as Vasilis Karras, Despina Vandi and others. He twice won awards at the MAD Video Music Awards, first in 2013 as the best new artist and secondly in 2015 as the best Greek male singer.

Pantelidis was killed on February 18, 2016, in a car crash in Athens. He was aged 32.

Belinda Nash

Belinda Nash (October 27, 1946 – February 16, 2016) was an American historian, author and activist. She wrote a biography of Grace Sherwood, the last person to be "convicted" by ordeal of being a witch in Virginia. As a result of Nash's work, Sherwood was given a pardon, 300 years after her trial by ordeal.

Nash died in Virginia Beach, Virginia on February 16, 2016 from cancer. She was aged 69.

Claude Jeancolas

Claude Jeancolas (1949 – 17 February 2016) was a French writer, art historian and journalist. He was best known for his expertise on Arthur Rimbaud. He was born in Nancy, France. 

Jeancolas died in Paris, France from cancer on 17 February 2016. He was aged 66.

Displacement (ship)

Displacement or displacement tonnage is the weight of water that a ship pushes aside when it is floating, which in turn is the weight of a ship (and its contents). It is usually applied to naval vessels rather than commercial ones, and is measured when the ship's fuel tanks are full and all stores are aboard. Merchant vessels use other measures such as net tonnage, gross tonnage, or deadweight tonnage.

Tamerlan Aguzarov

Tamerlan Kimovich Aguzarov (; 14 June 1963 – 19 February 2016) was a Russian politician. He was the head of North Ossetia-Alania from June 5, 2015 until his death in February 19, 2016.

Aguzarov died on 19 February 2016 in Moscow from complications of pneumonia. He was aged 52.


Bill Daily

Bill Daily (August 30, 1927 – September 4, 2018) was an American comedian and dramatic actor. He acted in many television sitcoms. He was best known for playing astronaut Roger Healey on "I Dream of Jeannie" and commercial airline navigator Howard Borden on "The Bob Newhart Show".

Daily was born in Des Moines, Iowa. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Daily died on September 4, 2018 at the age of 91 in his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico.

Aleksey Batalov

Aleksey Vladimirovich Batalov () was a Soviet and Russian actor. He has been known for his portrayal of noble and positive characters. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1976 and a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1989. He also starred in Mikhail Romm's "Nine Days of One Year" (1962). In 1967 he was a member of the jury of the 5th Moscow International Film Festival. In 1973 he was a member of the jury at the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.

Batalov died on 14 June 2017 in Moscow from complications of a fall at the age of 88.

The Dream Makers II

The Dream Makers II (, also The Dream Makers 2 or ZZSF2) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It is a sequel to the 2013 series "The Dream Makers". It began its run from 4 December 2015. There are 32 episodes. It stars Zoe Tay, Li Nanxing, Huang Biren, Jeanette Aw, Rui En, Qi Yuwu, Romeo Tan, Julie Tan, Zhang Zhenhuan, Ian Fang, Chen Meifeng and Damian Lau as the main characters. The show is Channel 8's end-year blockbuster for 2015.




Comberton

Comberton is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire, England. It is about 10 km (6 miles) south-west of the city of Cambridge.

Comberton has a population of about 2,400. It has two churches: an Anglican church dating from the 13th century, and a Baptist church dating from 1861.

Its neighbouring village is Barton.



Gamemaster

A gamemaster is a person who plans, referees, solves arguments in and otherwise runs a role-playing game with more than one player. They are almost always seen in games where all the players are on the same side, and less often seen in games where the players are against each other. Acting as a gamemaster is sometimes called "Gamemastering" or "GMing" for short.

A gamemaster's job in a traditional role-playing game (where all the players are together in person) is to bring the other players' characters' stories together, control the other characters and monsters, put together places and scenes for the player characters to act in, and solve arguments between players. This basic rule is the same in almost all role-playing games, but some rule sets may need the gamemaster to do other jobs unique to that system.

The role of a gamemaster in an online game is to make sure everyone follows the game's rules and give general customer service. Gamemasters for online games may be players who choose the role like in traditional role-playing games, or they might be workers paid by the company that makes the game.

The term "gamemaster" and the job itself it could be found in the postal gaming hobby.
In the sense of a role-playing game, it was first used by "Chivalry & Sorcery", and in wargaming it has been used in Guidon Games' 1973 ruleset, "Ironclad". In most play-by-mail games, players control armies or countries and mail the actions they want to do to the GM. The GM then regularly mails the newest game state to all players.

Each gaming system has its own name for the gamemaster, such as "judge", "narrator", "referee", "director", or "storyteller", and these names not only describe the role of the gamemaster in general but also help explain how the game is meant to be run. For example, the Storyteller System used in White Wolf Game Studio's storytelling games calls its gamemaster the "storyteller", while the rules- and setting-focused "Marvel Super Heroes" role-playing game calls its gamemaster the "judge". The cartoon-based role-playing game "Toon" calls its gamemaster the "animator". A few games use system- or setting-specific flavourful (closely related to the game's setting or "flavour") names for the gamemaster, such as the Hollyhock God in "Nobilis", where the hollyhock means vanity, or the most well known of such names, "Dungeon Master" (or "DM") in "Dungeons & Dragons".

The gamemaster prepares the game session for the players and the characters they play (known as player characters or PCs), describes the events taking place and decides on the results of players' actions. The gamemaster also keeps track of non-player characters (NPCs) and random encounters, as well as of the general state of the game world. The game session (or "adventure") could be described as a play, in which the players are the lead actors, and the GM brings the stage, the scenery, the basic plot on which the improvisational (unplanned) script is built, as well as all the bit parts and supporting characters. Gamemasters can also be in charge of RPG board games, making the events and setting up challenges.

A gamemaster can be said to wear four "hats" in their role, meaning the four main jobs they do as part of the overall job of GMing.

In early virtual worlds gamemasters worked as a moderator or administrator; in MUD gamemasters were called "wizards". Gamemastering in the form found in traditional role-playing games has also been used in virtual worlds that mostly run by themselves. However, human moderation was sometimes thought of as unfair or wrong in a world that is otherwise run by computer programs.
As online games got bigger and more popular, gamemasters' jobs grew to include giving customer service for an online community. A gamemaster in such a game is either a volunteer player that has been there a long time, or someone who works for the game's publisher. They make everyone follow the game's rules by getting rid of spammers, player killers, cheaters, and hackers and by solving players' problems by giving general customer service. For their jobs they use special tools and characters that allow them to do things like teleport to players, make items, and look at logs that record players' actions. Often, players who aren't happy with the game will blame the GMs for any problems. However, this blame is not fair as most GMs are not developers and cannot fix those types of problems.

America Online Online Gaming Forum (which is no longer in use) used to use volunteers chosen from applications from its users. These people were called OGFs by other members, and their screennames showed their role (i.e., OGF Moose, etc.). While users only needed to be members of AOL to use the Online Gaming Forum, OGFs were given powers like AOL "Guides" and could use them at will when they thought it was right.

"World of Warcraft" has employees of Blizzard Entertainment that serve as gamemasters to help users with many problems in gameplay, chat, and other things like account and payment issues. A gamemaster in this game can talk to players through chat with blue text, and they will also have a special "GM" tag and Blizzard logo in front of their name.

"RuneScape" has more than 500 moderators working for Jagex Games Studio to help players and do administrative work in-game and on the site forums. These "Jagex Moderators", as they are called, usually have the word "Mod" and a gold crown preceding their account names which normal players are not allowed to use. The game also has "Player Moderators" and "Forum Moderators" who are player volunteers helping with moderation, having the power to mute (block from chatting) other players who break rules.

Note that a few games, such as "Neverwinter Nights" and "", are video game adaptations of tabletop role-playing games that are played online with one player acting as a gamemaster in the same way as they would in real life.

Gamemastering, sometimes called Orchestration is used in pervasive games to guide players along a path that the game's writer wants.

Good gamemastering in this type of game sometimes needs special user interfaces that are unique to a certain game.

Sometimes, tabletop GMs can not find players that want to play in either the same setting, product line, or play style in their local area. The networked personal computer gave an answer with online chat programs. Gamemasters with the right equipment can find players online and a group can meet using chat rooms, forums, or other electronic means.

Compared to standard tabletop games (and to games "meant" to be played online), this online chat format changes the balance of duties for a gamemaster quite a lot. Descriptions require more preparation, even when using cut-and-paste; acting and voice skills can not be used to get the personality of NPCs and monsters across, making background music as a playing aid more useful. The GM is likely to need copies of player-character records, not being able to look at the originals as in a normal face-to-face game. The format also forces the issue (particularly when players do not all know each other) of whether to leave all rolling of dice to the GM, or to trust all players to honestly give the results of their rolls (the honor system may be strained when rolling well is a very good thing).

However, over time there have been answers to these problems. The use of Wiki software helps GMs and players keep track of game data, sometimes turning into a home-made gaming aid. Scripting software allows difficult parts of gameplay (e.g. a complicated formula or lots of die-rolling) to be done at the push of a button. Teleconferencing lets groups use voice, video, and a shared whiteboard to interact. The use of technology to allow online play is growing, as seen in products like the D&D Insider.


Thomas Bailey Aldrich

Thomas Bailey Aldrich (; November 11, 1836 – March 19, 1907) was an American literary figure. He was the editor of "The Atlantic" for a long time, when he published works by Charles Chesnutt. He wrote poetry, such as "The Unguarded Gates."

Thomas Bailey Aldrich was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire on November 11, 1836. When Aldrich was a child, his father moved to New Orleans. After 10 years, Aldrich was sent back to Portsmouth to get ready for college. This time in his life is talked about in his semi-autobiographical story "The Story of a Bad Boy" (1870). This means that it is based partially on his life and partially on a fictional character. In this book, "Tom Bailey" is the young hero.

Aldrich gave up on going to college after his father's death in 1849. At age 16, he joined his uncle's business office in New York in 1852 and started working on the newspapers and magazines. Aldrich made friends with other young poets, artists and wits of New York's "bohemia" of the early 1860s, including Edmund Clarence Stedman, Richard Henry Stoddard, Fitz Hugh Ludlow, Bayard Taylor and Walt Whitman. From 1856 to 1859, Aldrich worked for the "Home Journal", which was edited by Nathaniel Parker Willis at that time. During the Civil War, he was the editor of the "New York Illustrated News".

In 1865 Aldrich went back to New England, where he was editor in Boston for ten years for a publishing company called Ticknor and Fields — at the time they were very well thought of — of the eclectic weekly "Every Saturday". It stopped being made in 1875. From 1881 to 1890, Aldrich was editor of the important "Atlantic Monthly". As editor, he made tension with his publisher Henry Houghton by not agreeing to publish commissioned articles (ones that had been paid for) by his friends, including Woodrow Wilson and Marion Crawford. When Houghton argued with Aldrich for refusing articles from his friend Daniel Coit Gilman, Aldrich threatened to quit his job and finally did so in June 1890.

Meanwhile Aldrich carried on with his private writing, both in prose (the sort of writing found in most books) and verse (poetry, songs, etc). He had many skills. He was well known for his form in poetry. His many books of verse, mainly "The Ballad of Babie Bell" (1856), "Pampinea, and Other Poems" (1861), "Cloth of Gold" (1874), "Flower and Thorn" (1876), "Friar Jerome's Beautiful Book" (1881), "Mercedes and Later Lyrics" (1883), "Wyndham Towers" (1889), and the collected editions of 1865, 1882, 1897 and 1900, showed him to be a poet of lyrical skill and light touch. Critics said that his work was like Robert Herrick's.

Aldrich's longer narrative or dramatic poems did not do as well. His important works include "Hesperides," "When the Sultan Goes to Ispahan," "Before the Rain," "Nameless Pain," "The Tragedy," "Seadrift," "Tiger Lilies," "The One White Rose," "Palabras Cariñosas," "Destiny," or the eight-line poem "Identity."
Beginning with the collection of stories called "Marjorie Daw and Other People" (1873), Aldrich wrote works of realism and quiet humour. His books "Prudence Palfrey" (1874), "The Queen of Sheba" (1877), and "The Stillwater Tragedy" (1880) had more dramatic action. The first showed Portsmouth with the loving touch shown in the shorter funny tale, "A Rivermouth Romance" (1877). In "An Old Town by the Sea" (1893), Aldrich wrote about his place of birth again. Travel and description are the theme of "From Ponkapog to Pesth" (1883).

Aldrich married and had two sons. Mark Twain is said to hated Aldrich's wife Lilian. He wrote in 1893: "Lord, I loathe that woman so! She is an idiot—an absolute idiot—and does not know it ... and her husband, the sincerest man that walks ... tied for life to this vacant hellion, this clothes-rack, this twaddling, blethering, driveling blatherskite!"

The Aldrich family were close friends of Henry L. Pierce, a man who had made a lot of money from working with chocolate. Pierce had also been known for being Mayor of Boston. When Pierce died in 1896, he said in his will that the Aldriches could own his home in Canton, Massachusetts.

In 1901, Aldrich's son Charles, who had gotten married the year before, was found to have a disease called tuberculosis. Aldrich built two houses, one for his son and one for him and his family, in Saranac Lake, New York, which was the leading treatment centre for the disease at the time. On March 6, 1904, Charles Aldrich died of tuberculosis, at the age of thirty-four. The family left Saranac Lake and never went back.

Aldrich died in Boston on March 19, 1907. The last thing he was known to have said was, "In spite of it all, I am going to sleep; put out the lights." His "Life" was written by Ferris Greenslet (1908).


Eric Brown (pilot)

Captain Eric Melrose "Winkle" Brown, CBE, DSC, AFC, Hon FRAeS, RN (21 January 1919 – 21 February 2016) was a Scottish Royal Navy officer and test pilot. He flew 487 different types of aircraft, more than anyone else in history. 

He also held the world record for most aircraft carrier landings performed (2,407) and was the Fleet Air Arm's most decorated living pilot. He achieved several "firsts" in naval aviation, including the first landings on an aircraft carrier of a twin-engined aircraft, an aircraft with a tricycle undercarriage and a jet-propelled aircraft.

Bruno Zuppiger

Bruno Zuppiger (24 February 1952 – 19 February 2016) was a Swiss management consultant and politician. He was a member of the conservative Swiss People's Party. He served on the Swiss National Council representing the Canton of Zürich. In 1999, he was elected to the National Council. He was chairman of the National Council's Finance Committee and also served on the Security Policy Committee.

Zuppiger was born in St. Gallen, Switzerland. He graduated from the University of St. Gallen and the Zürich Teachers' Seminary in 1976. Zuppiger died in Hinwil on 19 February 2016 of sudden heart failure. He was aged 63.

Samuel Willenberg

Samuel Willenberg (February 16, 1923 – February 19, 2016) was a Polish-born Israeli prisoner in the Treblinka extermination camp. He was part of its prisoner revolt, and a participant of the Warsaw Uprising. In the uprising, he used the name Igo.

Willenberg was born in Częstochowa, Poland.

After the war he lived in Israel. He received the highest of Poland's orders including Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit. It was awarded by President Lech Kaczyński.

His memoir, titled "Revolt in Treblinka", was published in Hebrew, Polish and English between 1986 and 1991. He was a sculptor and painter.

Willenberg died on February 19, 2016 from complications of a stroke in Udim, Israel. He was aged 93. Before his death, he was the last living survivor of Treblinka.


Fernando Cardenal

Fernando Cardenal Martínez (26 January 1934 – 20 February 2016) was a Nicaraguan Jesuit and liberation theologian. He served as Minister of Education from 1984 to 1990, during the Sandinista era. His brother, poet Ernesto Cardenal, also a Catholic priest, served as Minister of Culture from 1979 to 1987. He was born in Granada, Nicaragua.

Cardenal died in Managua from heart failure on 20 February 2016. He was aged 82. 


Ove Verner Hansen

Ove Verner Hansen (20 July 1932 – 20 February 2016) was a Danish opera singer and actor. He played the character "Bøffen" (or "Biffen" in Norwegian, literally meaning "the steak" in both languages) in several of the Olsen Gang (Olsenbanden) movies. He played a tall large slow-moving henchman, often seen lifting Egon Olsen up over his head, carrying him under one arm, and trying to kill him.

Hansen died in Gentofte, Denmark from a heart attack on 20 February 2016. He was aged 83.


Vi Subversa

Frances Sokolov (20 June 1935 – 19 February 2016), better known by her stage name Vi Subversa, was a British singer and guitarist. She was a member of the anarcho-punk band Poison Girls. She was born in London, England.

Subversa died of cancer at her home in London on 19 February 2016. She was aged 80.

Log Cabin Republicans

Log Cabin Republicans (LCR) is an organization in the United States. They do work within the Republican Party. They work for equal rights for LGBT people in the United States.

On February 15, 2013, the National Board of Directors made Gregory T. Angelo the director.

Log Cabin Republicans began in 1977 in California as a cause for Republicans who were against the Briggs Initiative. The Briggs Initiative would have banned homosexuals from teaching in public schools. It called for the firing of openly gay or lesbian teachers.

Ronald Reagan, who was running for president, was against the Briggs Initiative.

LCR was against the re-election of George W. Bush in 2004 because of his support of the Federal Marriage Amendment.

LCR acts differently from socially conservative Republicans' views or is neutral. They work for same-sex marriage, domestic partner benefits and permanent removal of the estate tax.

The LCR has no official position on abortion.

Briggs Initiative

California Proposition 6, also known as Briggs Initiative, was an initiative on the California state ballot on November 7, 1978. It did not pass. It was sponsored by John Briggs, a conservative state legislator from Orange County. The initiative would have banned homosexuals from working in California public schools.

The San Francisco politician Harvey Milk fought the measure. California Governor Ronald Reagan and President Jimmy Carter were against it. Polls had originally showed support for the initiative leading by a large margin. It was defeated by the LGBT community, conservatives and liberals alike.

Hans Posthumus

Hans Posthumus (10 March 1947 – 15 February 2016) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a striker.

Posthumus was born in Harderwijk, Netherlands. He played for VVOG, Wageningen, Feyenoord, Mechelen, Lierse and NEC. While with Lierse he was the top-scorer in the Belgian Pro League during the 1975–76 season. He retired from professional football in October 1978, at the age of 31, due to back pain.

Posthumus died of a stroke at a hospital in Rotterdam on 15 February 2016. He was aged 67.

Nando Yosu

Fernando Trío Zabala (8 July 1939 – 20 February 2016), known as Nando Yosu, was a Spanish football midfielder and manager. His long career, as both a player and coach, was mainly associated with Racing de Santander. He played with Racing Santander from 1958 to 1962 and again from 1963 to 1964. He managed Racing Santander from 1977 to 1979, in 1996, 1998 to 1999, in 2005 and in 2006. 

Yosu was born in Mungia, Spain. He retired in 2006 because he had Alzheimer's disease. Yosu died from the disease on 20 February 2016 in Santander, Spain. He was aged 76.

CAGE questionnaire

The CAGE questionnaire is a set of four questions about a person's drinking habits. It is commonly used to test adults for alcoholism.

Because it is so short, doctors often start by using the CAGE questionnaire when they suspect that a patient may be an alcoholic. People can also do the CAGE questionnaire on their own.

"CAGE" is an acronym for the four questions in the test.

The four questions in the CAGE questionnaire are:

If a person answers "yes" to a question, they score one point for that question. If they answer "no" to a question, they score a 0.

If a person scores 2 or more - meaning they answered "yes" to at least two of the four questions - they are likely to have a problem with alcohol.

Scoring 2 or more on the CAGE does not automatically mean that a person is an alcoholic. However, it does mean that they need more testing to see if they are an alcoholic.

The most important question is the last one. If a person needs a drink in the morning to feel better, it means they are having alcohol withdrawal symptoms. This means the person's body is dependent on alcohol. (The person's body is so used to having alcohol that when it does not have alcohol, even overnight, the person gets sick.) This is one of the main signs of alcoholism.

Many studies have shown that the CAGE questionnaire is a good test for alcoholism. For example, one study showed that:


Badajoz

Badajoz () is the capital of the Badajoz Province in the autonomous community of Extremadura, Spain. The population in 2011 was 151,565.

A major Napoleonic siege was fought here between Britain and France

Essaouira

Essaouira (), formerly known as Mogador, is a city in western Morocco on the Atlantic Ocean.

Alcohol tolerance

Alcohol tolerance is a special case of drug tolerance: with certain substances, such as alcohol, the body gets used to them. People consume substances such as alcohol, because these substances have certain effects. As the body gets used to the substance, the quantity needed to get the desired effect wil increase.

With certain drugs, the same is true for stopping: directly stopping the drug is dangerous, because of withdrawal symptoms. So the amount of the drug taken has to be reduced in steps, before stopping altogether. There are drugs that can make stopping easier, because they reduce the severity of the withdrawal symptoms.

Sonny James

James Hugh Loden (May 1, 1929February 22, 2016), known professionally as Sonny James, was an American country music singer and songwriter. He was best known for his 1957 hit, "Young Love". 

James had 72 country and pop charted releases from 1953 to 1983, including an unprecedented five-year streak of 16 straight Billboard #1 singles among his 26 #1 hits. Twenty-one of his albums reached the country top ten from 1964 to 1976. In May 2007 Sonny, accompanied by his Southern Gentlemen, walked the red carpet and were inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

James died on February 22, 2016 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 86.

Cyclone Winston

Severe Tropical Cyclone Winston was a tropical cyclone in February 2016. It was the first recorded Category 5 storm to hit Fiji. It was also one of the strongest tropical cyclones in the Southern Hemisphere. Before the storm got to Fiji, many shelters were opened. A curfew was called across the country on 20 February.

The cyclone struck Fiji as a Category 5 tropical cyclone. Winston caused a lot of damage in the islands. It killed twenty-eight people.

In advance of the storm's arrival in Fiji, numerous shelters were opened, and a nationwide curfew was instituted during the evening of 20 February. Striking Fiji at Category 5 intensity on 20 February, Winston inflicted extensive damage on many islands and killed 44 people. Communications were temporarily lost with at least six islands, with some remaining isolated more than two days after the storm's passage. A total of 40,000 homes were damaged or destroyed and approximately 350,000 people—roughly 40 percent of Fiji's population—were significantly impacted by the storm. Total damage from Winston amounted to FJ$2.98 billion (US$1.4 billion). The nation's government declared a state of emergency on 20 February, which remained in place for 60 days. Immediately following the cyclone, the governments of Australia and New Zealand provided logistical support and relief packages. In the following weeks, a coalition of international support, including intergovernmental agencies, brought tens of millions of dollars in aid and hundreds of tons of supplies to residents in Fiji.

María Luisa Alcalá

María Luisa Alcalá (March 26, 1943 – February 21, 2016), also known as Ma. Luisa Alcalá, was a Mexican actress. She was known for her roles as Socorrito in "Esmeralda", Filomena in "La usurpadora" and Malicha in "El Chavo del Ocho". Alcalá was born in Mexico City.

Alcalá died in her sleep at her home in Mexico City from a heart attack on February 21, 2016. She was aged 72.

Hans Reffert

Hans Reffert (19 July 1946 – 21 February 2016) was a German musician and composer. He was best known for his work with Guru Guru, Reffert was involved with a number of ensembles, including Flute & Voice, Zauberfinger, Sanfte Liebe and Schrammel & Slide. 

Reffert studied guitar with Sigi Schwab and flute and composition in Mannheim. He also created commissioned works for the National Theatre Mannheim and other theaters, as well as for cinema and television productions.

Reffert died in Mannheim on 21 February 2016. He was aged 69.

Yochanan Sofer

Yochanan Sofer (1923 – February 22, 2016) was a Hungarian-born Israeli religious official and activist. He was the Rebbe of the Erlau dynasty. He was born in Eger, Hungary. After surviving the Holocaust, he continued their legacy by founding a yeshiva and a movement in their name, first in Hungary and then a few years later in Jerusalem.

Sofer died in Jerusalem on February 22, 2016 from pneumonia. He was aged 93.

Gil Hill

Gilbert R. "Gil" Hill (November 5, 1931 – February 29, 2016) was an American civil servant and movie actor. He was the President of the Detroit City Council. He was also a corrupt police officer in Detroit and part-time actor. He acted in the "Beverly Hills Cop" movies.

Hill died on February 29, 2016 at DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital in Detroit of pneumonia. He was 84 years old.


Cara McCollum

Cara McCollum (February 6, 1992 – February 22, 2016) was an American journalist. She was a news presenter for "SNJ Today", which she joined in July 2015. She was Miss New Jersey 2013 and competed for the Miss America 2014 title in September 2013. She was born in Forrest City, Arkansas.

McCollum died at the age of 24 on February 22, 2016, in Camden, New Jersey. She died because of injuries she got a week earlier from a car accident.

Toyota Avalon

The Toyota Avalon is a car made by Toyota. It is a full-size car with four doors. The car was first introduced as a 1995 model. It has sold over 1 million copies since it was introduced.As of 2013, the Toyota Avalon is available in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Russia, South Korea, and the Middle East. The car is named after Avalon, a legendary island from Celtic legends.

In 2022, the car stopped being sold in the United States.

Asha Patil

Asha Patil (1936 – 18 January 2016) was an Indian actress of Marathi movies, television and theatre. She was regarded as being one of the best stage and movie actresses of her time. Asha Patil was mostly known for portraying character roles of the Marathi Mother.



All Night Long (1981 movie)

All Night Long is a 1981 comedy movie starring Barbra Streisand, Gene Hackman, Diane Ladd, Dennis Quaid, Kevin Dobson, and William Daniels. It was written by W. D. Richter and directed by Jean-Claude Tramont.

The movie was generally a failure. It had an opening weekend of about $1.4 million and grossed around $10 million worldwide. This is a little over $26 million in 2016 dollars. It was nominated for Worst Actress at the Golden Raspberry Awards in 1982.

No Fixed Address

No Fixed Address is an Australian Aboriginal reggae rock band. It formed in 1979 in North Adelaide. The band members came from an Aboriginal mission in Ceduna. Bart Willoughby is the lead singer and played drums. Ricky Harrison plays rhythm guitar and was the band's main songwriter. Leslie Lovegrove Freeman is the lead guitarist. John Miller plays bass guitar. All the original members were related through family ties.

No Fixed Address began as a pub rock group in South Australia. It played its first concert on National Aboriginal Day held at Taperoo in 1979. In 1980, the band made a movie called "Wrong Side of the Road" with another band, Us Mob. The movie was about the different receptions they received in Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities. With the recording of the movie's soundtrack, No Fixed Address and Us Mob became some of the first Aboriginal rock bands to be recorded.

In 1982, the band released its first album, "From My Eyes". The album was launched at the Hilton Hotel by Prime Minister Bob Hawke. The band toured Australia in 1982, in support of Peter Tosh. After this, the band became the first Aboriginal band to travel overseas. They played at nine cities in Great Britain.

The band's didgeridoo player, Billy Inda, played the didgeridoo on a song from Goanna's album, "Spirit of Place", in 1982. The song, "Solid Rock", peaked at No. 3 in October on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. It is the first charting rock song to feature the didgeridoo.

The band released "We Have Survived" in 1984. The song has become an unofficial anthem for many of Australia's indigenous peoples. It was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry in 2008.

No Fixed Address has broken up several times. The first time was in 1984, when Willoughby joined his cousin Bunna Lawrie's band, Coloured Stone. They reformed in 1987 to tour through Europe. They played at the East Berlin Festival in the same year. In late 1988, Willoughby joined Yothu Yindi and as result the group broke up again. The band reformed again in 2008.

In August 2011, No Fixed Address and Coloured Stone were both listed in the Hall of Fame at the first National Indigenous Music Awards.





CRAFFT Screening Test

The CRAFFT Screening Test is a short test for alcohol and drug problems in teenagers. This test has two parts. "CRAFFT" is an acronym for the six questions in the second part of the test.

A doctor or counselor can give the CRAFFT Screening Test to see if a teenager might have an alcohol or drug problem. Teenagers can also take the test themselves.

Doctors at Boston Children's Hospital's Center for Adolescent Substance Abuse Research developed the CRAFFT Screening Test in 1999. At the time, there were no tests for alcohol and drug abuse designed specifically for teenagers. The Children's Hospital team's goal was to develop a test for teenagers that was quick, easy to give, easy to score.

At the time, one of the most common tools used to test for alcohol problems was the CAGE questionnaire. However, the CAGE does not work well for teenagers. Also, the CAGE only tests for alcohol problems. 

The CRAFFT tests for both alcohol and drug problems. Because drug- and alcohol-related motor-vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death among teenagers, the CRAFFT includes a question about this. 
Originally, the CRAFFT was designed for primary care doctors to use, to test teenagers they thought were likely to have substance abuse problems. Then, around 1999, researchers found that teenage alcohol and drug use was much more common than they thought. They found that:

This made it clear that the CRAFFT was not just needed to test teenagers who were more likely to have substance abuse problems. Now, experts suggest that primary care doctors use the CRAFFT to test all of their teenage patients. This can help identify alcohol and drug problems early, before they start to get too much worse.

The CRAFFT Screening Test has two parts. They are called "Part A" and "Part B."

Part A of the CRAFFT asks:

During the past 12 months, did you:

If a person answers "no" to ALL of these questions, they only have to answer the first question in Part B. 

If a person answers "yes" to ANY of these questions, they have to answer all of the questions in Part B.

In simple English, here are the questions in Part B of the CRAFFT:

Each time a person answers "yes" to one of the CRAFFT questions, they score one point for that question. If a person scores two or more - meaning they answered "yes" to at least two of the six "CRAFFT" questions - they are likely to have alcoholism or a drug addiction. 

Not everyone who scores two or more on the CRAFFT will have an addiction. However, they do need to be tested more to see if they have an addiction. 

Research has shown that the CRAFFT is a good test for alcohol and drug problems in teenagers.

The CRAFFT has been translated into many languages, including Mandarin Chinese, French, Haitian Creole, Hebrew, Japanese, Khmer, Laotian, Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, Turkish, and Vietnamese. Research shows that the CRAFFT is just as good a test when given in different languages, and to teenagers from different cultures.

The CRAFFT is a very quick test. It takes an average of 74 seconds for a doctor to give the CRAFFT. If a person takes the CRAFFT on their own, it takes an average of 49 seconds.



Conosa

The Conosa is one of three subphyla in the Amoebozoa. It is subdivided into two infraphyla – the Mycetozoa and the Archamoebae.

Conosa includes the species "Dictyostelium discoideum" and "Entamoeba histolytica", among others.

About 2000 species are known, and probably there are many more. Because these cells have few visible characteristics, they do look rather alike: "they exhibit few morphological traits that can be used as taxonomic characters". As their molecular biology becomes known, many species may get split.


Infraphylum

An infraphylum is a rank in the Linnaean taxonomy of biological groups. Normally the ranks go phylum > class > order etc. However, sometimes extra steps are needed. If so, an infraphylum ranks immediately below a subphylum, and above a class.

Archamoebae

The Archamoebae are an important group of amoebae. They are unusual among protists because they have no mitochondria. 

The group includes many genera which are internal parasites or commensals of animals: for example "Entamoeba" and "Endolimax". Some are human pathogens, causing diseases such as amoebic dysentery. Other genera of archamoebae live in freshwater habitats, and have flagella. Most have a single nucleus and flagellum, but the giant amoeba "Pelomyxa" has many of each.

Analysis of 100 genes shows that the Archamoebae are part of the Amoebozoa which have lost their mitochondria. They are close relatives of the slime moulds. Parasitic and commensal forms like "Entamoeba" and "Endolimax" developed separately from free-living ancestors.

Intracranial hemorrhage

An intracranial hemorrhage is bleeding in the brain. ("Intracranial" means "inside the skull"; "hemorrhage" means "dangerous bleeding"). The most dangerous type of stroke, a hemorrhagic stroke, is a type of intracranial hemorrhage. It is a bleed in the brain that happens when the brain has not been injured.

When blood vessels in the brain break or are injured, they bleed. Bleeding in the brain is very dangerous, because if enough blood builds up, the blood can squeeze or crush the brain. It can also make it impossible for oxygen to get past the blood to parts of the brain. Without oxygen, these parts of the brain will die.

Bleeding in the brain can happen for two reasons. It can happen because of a head injury. A bad head injury can break some of the blood vessels in the brain.

Bleeding in the brain can also happen when blood vessels in the brain break without being injured. For example, this may happen when a cerebral aneurysm bursts.

The three most common types of bleeding problems in the brain are epidural hematomas, subdural hematomas, and subarachnoid hemorrhages. These happen in different parts of the meninges (the layers that cover the brain).

An epidural hematoma is a collection of blood between the dura mater and the skull. ("Epidural" means "on top of the dura;" a "hematoma" is a collection of blood.) Usually, injuries to the head cause epidural hematomas by tearing arteries in the dura. Because the arteries in the dura are large, they carry a lot of blood. If one of these arteries is injured, it can bleed very quickly, and an epidural hematoma can build up almost right away. 

About 15% to 20% of people with epidural hematomas die from them.

The picture at the top of this page shows an epidural hematoma. The bleeding (shown in light gray) is between the skull (the thick white outside layer) and the rest of the brain (shown in dark gray).

A subdural hematoma is a collection of blood under the dura mater, between the dura and the arachnoid layer. ("Subdural" means "under the dura.") Usually, subdural hematomas are caused by injuries to the head that tear veins. Because these veins are smaller, and because veins do not bleed as fast as arteries, subdural hematomas may not bleed as quickly as epidural hematomas.

Subdural hematomas can happen right away after a bad injury to the head. These are called acute subdural hematomas. These are the most dangerous of all head injuries. They kill about 60% to 80% of people who have them.
Subdural hematomas can also be chronic. This means they take days or weeks to happen. They are usually caused by injuries to the head that are not very bad. Sometimes, if a person has a vein in their dura that slowly leaks blood every now and then, chronic subdural hematomas can take years to build up.

A subarachnoid hemorrhage is bleeding into the subarachnoid space (the space between the arachnoid and the pia mater). ("Subarachnoid" means "under the arachnoid.") Because the subarachnoid space holds cerebrospinal fluid, bleeding here makes blood mix into the cerebrospinal fluid. The blood irritates the brain and spinal cord, and causes symptoms like a very bad headache and a stiff neck.

Subarachnoid hemorrhages can be caused by head injuries. They can also happen when an aneurysm in one of the arachnoid layer's blood vessels bursts and starts bleeding.

Subarachnoid hemorrhages are very dangerous. About half of all people with subarachnoid hemorrhages die from them. About 10% to 15% die before they even get to the hospital. Many of the people who survive have brain damage.


Hardin County, Kentucky

Hardin County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is at Elizabethtown. 
The county was formed in 1792.

Cuiba language

Cuiba is a Guahiban language spoken in Colombia and Venezuela. There are 2,300 people who speak it in Colombia and 650 in Venezuela. More than half of Cuiba speakers do not speak any other language. In Colombia the literacy rate among Cuiba speakers is 45%.

Baure language

Bauré is an Arawakan language native to Bolivia. The language is nearly extinct. It is spoken by only 40 of the thousand Baure people. These people live in the Beni Department northwest of Magdalena, Bolivia. Some parts of the Bible have been translated into Baure. Most Baure people now speak Spanish.

Baure has an active–stative syntax.


Wesley A. Clark

Wesley Allison Clark (April 27, 1927 – February 22, 2016) was an American computer designer. He created the LINC computer, which was the first mini-computer and shares with a number of other computers (such as the PDP-1) the claim to be the inspiration for the personal computer.

Clark was born in New Haven, Connecticut. He grew up in Kinderhook, New York and northern California. He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1947 with an A.B. in Physics. Clark began his career as a physicist at the Hanford Site.

In 1981 Clark received the Eckert-Mauchly Award for his work on computer architecture. He was awarded an honorary degree by Washington University in 1984. He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1999. Clark was a charter recipient of the IEEE Computer Society Computer Pioneer Award for "First Personal Computer."

Clark died on February 22, 2016 in New York City from heart disease at the age of 88.


Grant

Grant may refer to:






Grant County

Grant County may refer to:

In the United States

Grant County, Kentucky

Grant County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,941. Its county seat is Williamstown.


LaRue County, Kentucky

LaRue County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,867. Its county seat is Hodgenville, a city best known as the birthplace of United States President Abraham Lincoln.

Scott County

Scott County is the name of eleven counties in the United States:


Scott County, Kentucky

Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 57,155. Its county seat is Georgetown.

Scott County, Arkansas

Scott County is a county of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,836. The county seat is Waldron.

Sebastian County, Arkansas

Sebastian County is a county of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 127,799, making it the fourth-most populous county in Arkansas. The county has two county seats, Greenwood and Fort Smith.


Holocaust victims

During The Holocaust, millions of people died or were killed in Nazi Germany. These Holocaust victims included about six million Jewish people. They also included five million of people who were not Jewish, mainly Poles, Sinti and Roma.

Holocaust victims died in many ways. Millions were murdered by the Nazis, especially in Nazi labour camps and extermination camps (death camps). Many others died in camps and ghettoes from diseases, starvation, and freezing to death, caused by the terrible living conditions. Others in areas that Nazi Germany took over died from famine and other causes.

When all these people are added up, historians estimate that between 19 million and 22 million people died during The Holocaust. Holocaust victims came from many different countries, religions, ethnic groups, and cultures. The Nazis wanted to kill them for many different reasons.

The Nazis believed that some races and ethnic groups were not as good as others. They thought the "Aryan race" was the best of all. They wanted Nazi Germany to be filled only with "Aryan" people.

The Nazis thought that there were some ethnic groups that were not even human. Two of these groups were the Jews and the Sinti and Roma People. The Nazis decided to kill all of the Jews and Sinti and Roma People in Nazi Germany. The Nazis also thought that Slavic peoples were less than human, and they killed millions of Slavs because of their ethnicity.

The Nazis thought of the Jewish people as an ethnic group. This meant that even if a person did not practice the Jewish religion, the Nazis still thought of them as Jewish.

Early on in World War II, the Nazis made Jewish people leave their homes and forced them to live in ghettoes. However, by 1941, Adolf Hitler had decided to kill all of the Jews in Europe. This plan was called the Final Solution. 

Starting in 1942, the Nazis deported the Jews from the ghettoes to death camps like Auschwitz. At these camps, people were killed in gas chambers as soon as they arrived.

By the end of The Holocaust, one out of every three Jewish people in the world had died or been killed by the Nazis. Only one out of every three Jews in Europe survived The Holocaust. Many countries lost most of their Jewish populations. For example:

Over one million Jewish children died or were killed during The Holocaust.

The Nazis killed millions of Slavic people during The Holocaust. These people included Poles, Russians, Serbs, Ukrainians, Czechs, Bosniaks, and Sorbs. The Nazis thought Slavs were an inferior race. However, they also wanted to clear out the people in the Slavic countries, so there would be plenty of "Lebensraum" ("living space") for "Aryan" people.

Poles were one of the first groups that Hitler decided to get rid of. He first shared this idea in 1939. On August 22, 1939, Hitler said:
"[T]he [goal] of the war is ... to destroy the enemy. That is why I have prepared ... my 'Death's Head' [groups of soldiers] with orders to kill without pity or mercy all men, women, and children of Polish descent or language. Only in this way can we [get] the living space we need."

Before World War II, Poland had the largest population of Jews in Europe. By the end of The Holocaust, three million Polish Jews had died or been killed. So had between 1.8 million and three million Poles who were not Jewish. These victims included:

Almost 17% of Poland's population died or was killed in The Holocaust.

Originally, the Nazis planned to kill 65% of the 23.2 million people in the Ukraine (about 15 million Ukrainians). They planned to make the survivors work as slaves.

Between 1941 and 1945, the Nazis killed about three million Ukrainians. They also deported over two million Ukrainians to Germany to be used as slave workers.

More Ukrainians were killed fighting the Wehrmacht in the Soviet Red Army than American, British and French soldiers all put together.

Many Soviet prisoners of war (POWs) and civilians died during Operation Barbarossa (the Axis countries' invasion of the Soviet Union). The Nazis killed many Soviet children as well as adult civilians in the lands they took over.

The Nazis killed millions of Red Army prisoners of war in many ways:

In eight months between 1941-1942, the Nazis killed about 2.8 million Soviet POWs by execution, starvation, and freezing to death.

After the Nazis occupied parts of the Soviet Union, they treated Soviet civilians terribly. During the siege of Leningrad, more than 1.2 million civilians died. Nazi soldiers destroyed thousands of peasant villages across Russia, Belarus, and the Ukraine. In 1995, the Russian Academy of Sciences reported that the Nazis caused 13.7 million civilian deaths in the occupied Soviet Union, including Jews. This was 20% of the area's population. These deaths included:

About three million people also died of starvation in areas that the Nazis had not taken over.

Under the Nazis' Nuremberg Laws, the Sinti and Roma people were called "enemies of the race-based [Germany]," just like Jews. Like with the Jews, the Nazis wanted to kill all of the Roma and Sinti people in Europe.

In 1936, the Nazis began deporting Roma and Sinti people, first to areas on the outside edges of cities, and later to the same ghettoes that Jews were sent to. In 1942, Heinrich Himmler ordered that the Roma and Sinti people (including children) should be sent to Auschwitz concentration camp. The Nazis also sent many Roma and Sinti adults and children to other death camps, like Bełżec, and to other concentration camps, like Ravensbrück.

Historians estimate that 220,000 to 500,000 Roma and Sinti were killed by the Nazis. This was about one in every four Roma and Sinti people who lived in Europe at the time. However, one researcher says that as many as 1.5 million Roma and Sinti may have died during The Holocaust.

After World War II, it took a long time for countries to admit that Nazi Germany had committed a genocide against the Roma and Sinti people. In 1982, West Germany admitted that a genocide of the Roma had happened. In 2011, the Polish Government ruled that Poland would honor the Roma genocide on the 2nd of August, every year.

The Nazis believed that people with disabilities were "life unworthy of life," and that they did not deserve to live. People with disabilities also did not fit into the Nazis' ideas about having a race of perfect "Aryans."

The Nazis forced about 375,000 people to be sterilized so they could not have children with disabilities. These people included people with physical disabilities, mental illnesses, intellectual disabilities, and the Deaf.

People with disabilities were the first people the Nazis killed in gas chambers. In 1939, the Nazis set up a program called the T-4 Euthanasia Program. As part of this program, the Nazis sent children and adults with disabilities to hospitals like Hartheim Euthanasia Centre, where they were killed with poison gas. They also killed some children with disabilities right after they were born. By the end of World War II, the Nazis had killed about 275,000 people with disabilities. About 5,000 to 7,000 of these victims were children.

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people were also victims of The Holocaust. The Nazis were especially cruel to gay men. They thought that homosexual people hurt Nazi Germany in a few ways:

By 1936, Heinrich Himmler was trying to use Germany's laws, and make new laws, to persecute gay men. At least 100,000 gay German men were arrested, and 50,000 were convicted and put in prison. Some were forced into state-run psychiatric hospitals. Courts ordered hundreds of European gay men living in Nazi-controlled areas to be castrated with chemicals.

Between 5,000 and 15,000 gay men were imprisoned in concentration camps. They were often treated even worse than other prisoners. They had to wear a pink triangle on their shirts, just like men convicted of sexually abusing children and having sex with animals.

Lesbians were not usually treated as badly as gay men. They were usually not put in prison just because they were lesbians. In the concentration camps, they usually wore a black triangle.

According to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, "Nazi Germany did not seek to kill all homosexuals. Nevertheless, the Nazi state, through active persecution, attempted to terrorise German homosexuals into sexual and social conformity, leaving thousands dead and shattering the lives of many more."

After World War II, many homosexuals who were liberated from the concentration camps were still persecuted in Germany. They could be charged under Paragraph 175, a law which made "lewdness between men" illegal. If they were convicted, they would be sent to prison. (The time they spent in the concentration camps would be subtracted from their sentences.) This was very different from how other Holocaust victims were treated. Other victims were compensated (given money) for the loss of family members and educational opportunities. Gay victims were treated like criminals.

The Nazis also killed many people who did not agree with the Nazis' political beliefs. They thought of these people as political enemies of Nazi Germany.

The Nazis were especially cruel to people who spoke out or fought against the Nazi government. When they arrested these people, the Nazis often killed them right after questioning them. Sometimes, the Nazis killed their families too. People who were not killed right away were sent to the political People's Court. This court was famous for the number of death sentences it gave.

The Nazis thought of leftists as political enemies. Leftists included anarchist, communists, socialists, liberals, libertarians and social democrats. German communists and Social Democrats were some of the first people to be sent to Dachau concentration camp. The Nazi Party hated communism, and was worried that German communists would be loyal to the Soviet Union, a communist country. The Nazis spread rumors about communist violence to get the Enabling Act of 1933 passed. This law gave Adolf Hitler his first powers as a dictator.

Hitler and the Nazis also hated German leftists because they did not agree with the Nazis' racism. When the Nazis took over a place, communists, socialists, liberals and social democrats were usually some of the first people they abused. Sometimes they would murder leftists right away.

As part of their religious beliefs, Jehovah's Witnesses refused to serve in the German Army, salute the Nazi flag, or say "Heil Hitler" ("Hail Hitler"). They refused to go along with Nazi beliefs and laws that went against their religious beliefs.

Because of this, many Jehovah's Witnesses were sent to concentration camps. Between 2,500 and 5,000 Witnesses died in the concentration camps.

The Nazis also attacked the Catholic Church during The Holocaust. Hitler wanted to destroy Catholicism and Christianity in Nazi Germany, and make Nazi Germany pagan instead. Thousands of German clergy, nuns, and Catholic leaders were arrested after the Nazis took over.

In 1939, Hitler invaded Poland, beginning World War II. Poland was mostly Catholic. The Nazis wanted to destroy Poland. They started by destroying the Catholic Church in Poland. They arrested the Church's leaders and closed churches and monasteries. In 1940, the Nazis created a special barracks just for priests at Dachau concentration camp. Of 2,720 clergy imprisoned at Dachau, almost all (94.88 percent) were Catholic. About 1,700 were Polish priests; half of them died or were killed at Dachau. The Nazis even made it illegal for priests anywhere to give Catholic sacraments to Polish people. At least one German priest was sent to Dachau for taking a confession from a Polish Catholic.

In 1933, Germany had made an agreement with the Holy See to protect Catholicism in Nazi Germany. However, the Nazis often broke this agreement. They shut down the Catholic press, schools, political parties and youth groups in Germany amid murder and mass arrests.

The Church was treated especially badly in lands that Germany took over. In Austria, Catholic property was taken, Catholic organizations were closed, and many priests were sent to Dachau. In Czechoslovakia, the Nazis refused to let people follow religious orders; closed schools; made religious teachings illegal; and sent priests to concentration camps. Catholic people, bishops, clergy, and nuns protested and attacked Nazi policies.

In 1942, Dutch bishops protested the mistreatment of the Jews. When the Dutch Archbishop refused to obey the Nazis, the Gestapo rounded up Catholic "Jews" and sent 92 to Auschwitz A Dutch Catholic nun named Edith Stein was murdered at Auschwitz. So was Maximilian Kolbe, a Polish priest. Both were eventually made into Catholic saints by Pope John Paul II in the 1980s. Other Catholic victims of the Holocaust have also been beatified, including some of the Polish priests who died at Dachau.

Some Protestant Churches agreed with Nazi ideas. Others did not. To try to take over Protestantism in Germany, the Nazis formed the National Reich Church: an official state church that taught a state religion based on Nazism. The Reich Church:

They fired all clergy members who were not "Aryan." Church members called themselves "German Christians" and said they had "the swastika on their chest and the cross in their heart."

Protestant groups that disagreed with Nazi ideas formed the Confessing Church, a group of German churches. Martin Niemöller was one or their leaders. Nazis persecuted the Confessing Church. In May 1936, the Confessing Church sent a letter to Hitler criticizing his actions. The Nazis reacted by:

Most pastors and churches were not members of either the Reich Church or the Confessing Church. Pastors who spoke out against what the Nazis were doing were threatened, arrested, and sometimes sent to concentration camps.

In 1937, the Nazis made it illegal to practice the Bahá'í Faith. The Nazis closed all Bahá'í organizations in Germany. The Nazis did not like the Bahá'í Faith because it taught pacifism.

Throughout the Holocaust, Bahá'ís were arrested and given very expensive fines. The Nazis also continued to close their organizations.

The Nazis blamed Freemasonry for Germany losing World War I. They said the Freemasons' leaders were part of a conspiracy with Jewish people to take over Germany. In 1941, Adolf Hitler decided that Masons were political enemies. The Nazis sent tens of thousands of Masons to concentration camps. Between 80,000 to 200,000 Freemasons were killed.

This table estimates the total number of deaths caused by The Holocaust.

Charles Schultze

Charles Louis Schultze (December 12, 1924 – September 27, 2016) was an American economist and public policy analyst. He served as the Chairperson of the Council of Economic Advisers during the President Carter Administration.

Schultze was appointed the assistant director of the Bureau of the Budget by President John F. Kennedy in 1962, and was the Director from 1965 until 1968 during President Lyndon Johnson's Great Society agenda.

Schultze was born in Alexandria, Virginia. He studied at Georgetown University and at the University of Maryland, College Park. He was a veteran of WWII, serving in the army in the European theater. Schultze died from complications of sepsis caused by dementia on September 27, 2016 in Washington, D.C., aged 92.


Ramón Castro Ruz

Ramón Eusebio Castro Ruz (October 14, 1924 – February 23, 2016) was a Cuban politician. He was the older brother of Fidel and Raúl Castro. He was a key figure of the Cuban Revolution. Castro was born in Birán, Oriente Province. After the revolution, Castro left his family farm as it became legal property of the state. He continued to dedicate himself to the study of agriculture.

Castro died on February 23, 2016 in Havana. He was aged 91.


ThrustSSC

ThrustSSC, Thrust SSC, or Thrust supersonic car, is a car powered by a jet engine. It was made by Richard Noble, Glynne Bowsher, Ron Ayers and Jeremy Bliss of the United Kingdom.

Thrust SSC is the fastest land vehicle. When tested on 15 October 1997, the car traveled at 1227 kilometres per hour.

École Centrale de Nantes

École Centrale de Nantes (or Centrale Nantes) is a graduate engineering school in France. Its campus is in Nantes.

It awards the following degrees:

Centrale Nantes is a member of the Ecoles Centrale Group, (with CentraleSupélec, Centrale Lille, Centrale Lyon, Centrale Marseille, and Centrale Beijing). The school also takes part in international networks: T.I.M.E (Top Industrial Managers for Europe), RMEI , Magalhaes and Heritage Network. In 2014, the Alliance Centrale - Audencia - ensa Nantes was created, bringing together Centrale Nantes, Audencia Business School and l'Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Nantes. As part of this alliance the Centrale-Audencia-ensa business incubator was created.

Classes are taught in French and English languages. The school has students from over 70 nationalities.

Admission to courses at Master's level is possible after two- or three-year scientific undergraduate studies. The main admission routes are via: 

The engineering programme, which leads to the award of "diplôme d'ingénieur", typically lasts three years. It involves work experience and time spent abroad. Students who successfully completed Master's level courses earn 300 ECTS credits in the European education system.
Students enrolled in a double degree programme spend two years at Centrale Nantes and two years in the partner institution. After these four years a double master's degree is awarded.

Research at Centrale Nantes is centred on three main priorities: factory of the future, energy transition and engineering for health. The main research topics are:


Broca's area

Broca's area is a region in the brain of humans and other hominids. It is in the frontal lobe of the dominant hemisphere, usually the left. It works as part of "speech production".

Language processing has been linked to Broca's area after Pierre Paul Broca. Broca did autopsies on patients who had difficuty speaking when they were alive. He found damage to a particular area of the brain. They had lost the ability to speak after injury to the posterior inferior frontal gyrus of the brain. 

Since then, the region he identified has become known as Broca's area. The deficit in language production is Broca's aphasia, also called 'expressive aphasia'. 

Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) studies have identified activation patterns in Broca's area associated with various language tasks. However, slow destruction of the Broca's area by brain tumors can leave speech relatively intact. This suggests that, given time, its functions can shift to nearby areas in the brain.


Star City

Star City may refer to:





Antbird

The antbirds are a large passerine bird family, the Thamnophilidae. They are found in subtropical and tropical Central and South America, from Mexico to Argentina. There are more than 200 species called antshrikes, antwrens, antvireos, fire-eyes, bare-eyes and bushbirds.

They are related to the antthrushes and antpittas (family Formicariidae), the tapaculos, the gnateaters and the ovenbirds. Despite some species' common names, this family is not closely related to the wrens, vireos or shrikes.

Antbirds are generally small birds with rounded wings and strong legs. They have mostly dull grey, white, brown and rufous plumage. The two sexes have somewhat different pattern and colouring. Some species communicate warnings to rivals by exposing white feather patches on their backs or shoulders. Most have heavy bills, which in many species are hooked at the tip.

Most species live in forests, although a few are found in other habitats. They eat mostly insects and other arthropods. Small vertebrates are occasionally taken. Most species feed in the understory and midstory of the forest, although a few feed in the canopy and a few on the ground.

About eighteen species specialise in following columns of army ants to eat the small invertebrates flushed out by the ants.

Antbirds are monogamous, mate for life, and defend territories. They usually lay two eggs in a nest. Both parents share the tasks of incubating eggs and raising the nestlings. After fledging, each parent cares exclusively for one chick.

Thirty-eight species are threatened with extinction as a result of human activities. The main threat is habitat loss, which lets predators get at their nests more easily.

Fort-de-Joux

The Fort de Joux (or Château de Joux) is a castle, transformed into a fort, in France. It is located in La Cluse-et-Mijoux in the Doubs department in the Jura mountains.

Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on December 15, 1791, the Eighth Amendment (Amendment VIII) to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. This amendment has three parts that each grant specific rights. The excessive bail clause limits excessive bail for any person arrested for a crime but has not yet been placed on trial. The excessive fines clause is intended to limit fines imposed by state and federal governments on persons who have been convicted of a crime. The most controversial and most important part is the cruel and unusual punishment clause. The Eighth Amendment applies to criminal punishment and not to most civil procedures.

The wording of the Eighth Amendment is almost the same as three of the provisions in the English Bill of Rights of 1689. These provisions were based on the case of Titus Oates, whose lies under oath caused the execution of many innocent people. Because the English authorities did not want to make honest people fear to give evidence in court, he was not put to death. While his punishment included those considered ordinary at the time, the combination of these punishments were applied in an excessive and brutal way. Oates was convicted of sedition, thrown into prison to remain there. However, after James II of England became king in 1685, he was tried again, this time for perjury. In addition to being imprisoned for life, he was to be "whipped through the streets of London five days a year for the remainder of his life." The first use of the provision of the English Bill of Rights was the Virginia Declaration of Rights of 1776.

Bail is the amount of money, property or bond that a defendant has to give to the court to guarantee his or her appearance at trial. The bail put up by the defendant may be recovered at the end of the trial. But if a defendant fails to appear at the time the trial is scheduled, the bail is forfeited and the defendant may face additional penalties. A judge, when setting the amount of bail, has to consider several factors. These include the nature of the offense, how much evidence there is against the accused and what ties the defendant has to the community. The judge must also take into account the defendant's ability to pay the amount of the bail and how likely it is the defendant will simply flee and not stand trial. All defendants are presumed innocent. Setting bail for an unreasonable amount would restrict the freedom and ability of the defendant to make a living as well as make it difficult to support his or her family.

This clause limits the government's power to set fines, which are payments for a punishment or offense. The amount of the fine must be proportional to the seriousness of the offense. A fine violates this clause if it is grossly disproportional to the nature of the defendant's offense.

In 1993, in "Austin v. United States", the United States Supreme Court ruled that this clause applied also to civil procedures. In doing this the Court reversed not only its own previous rulings but also those by several circuit courts of appeal.

The phrase "cruel and unusual punishments" was first used in 1789 in the English Bill of Rights. In 1776, George Mason added it to the Virginia Declaration of Rights. In 1791, this same prohibition became the central part of the Eighth Amendment. Patrick Henry was among those who argued that prohibiting cruel and unusual punishment should be part of the Bill of Rights. Otherwise the new federal government could use torture to get confessions. Torture was still being used at the time by Spain, France and Germany. The United States should not follow their example. Because of these arguments this was added to the Eighth Amendment. Very few would disagree that the use of rack, thumbscrews or the gibbet are cruel and unusual punishments and clearly violate the Eighth Amendment. But past that point it becomes controversial as to what is and what is not cruel and unusual punishment.

Cruel and unusual punishment was not clearly defined when the Eighth Amendment was passed. But it was discussed. Representative Livermore pointed out on the floor of the House of Representatives that the wording was vague. He asked: "It is sometimes necessary to hang a man, villains often deserve a whipping, and perhaps having their ears cut off, but are we in the future to be prevented from inflicting those punishments because they are 'cruel'?" But despite his objections the vague language was left in the amendment. 

In 1910, in "Weems v. United States", the Supreme Court admitted that “what constitutes a cruel and unusual punishment has not been exactly decided.” The Supreme Court began using the "evolving standards of decency" test. In "Trop v Dulles" (1958) the Court agreed with the view that what are prohibited "cruel and unusual punishments" should change over time based on punishments that offend society's "evolving sense of decency." Very recently the courts have been reluctant to keep the term "unusual" in their judicial interpretations.

Originalists find that evaluating whether a punishment is cruel and unusual still come under the evolving standards test and public opinion. In "Coker v. Georgia" (1977) the Supreme Court held that the death penalty is unconstitutional for those convicted of rape. This was based largely on the fact only one of the 50 states used this sentence. Even then, juries in that state did not use it very often.

Waterboarding has been seen as torture since the Spanish Inquisition. US Soldiers who were caught waterboarding in the Philippines in 1901, or during the Vietnam War, in 1968, were put on trial. When done by other governments the US has not failed to call it torture. The Bush administration maintained it was not bound by the constitutional test outside of the United States. Justice Antonin Scalia had said in an interview with the BBC that he did not see anything in the constitution that prohibited torture of detainees. Not when it was for the purpose of gaining information. He said it would be unconstitutional if it were inflicted as a punishment, however. At his inauguration in 2009, US President Barack Obama pledged to end “enhanced interrogation techniques” by the CIA and to close Guantánamo through executive orders. 

Wernicke's area

Wernicke's area is an area of the brain. It is one of the two parts of the cerebral cortex linked to speech (the other is Broca's area). It is involved in the production of written and spoken language. 

It is in Brodmann area 22, in the dominant cerebral hemisphere. The dominant hemisphere is the left in about 95% of right handed individuals, and 60% of left handed individuals. 

As with Broca's area, Wernicke's area was discovered by autopsies of patients who had speech difficulties. Carl Wernicke, a German neurologist, had a patient who could speak quite well, but was unable to understand the speech of others. After the patient's death, Wernicke found damage to an area at the upper portion of the temporal lobe, just behind the auditory cortex. He thought, correctly, that this area was responsible for speech comprehension. This kind of aphasia is known as Wernicke's aphasia, or receptive aphasia.

Despite the fact that Broca's and Wernicke's areas are in different lobes, they are quite near each other. They are connected by a tract of nerves called the "arcuate fascilicus", and by another recently discovered tract.

Monoid

In abstract algebra, a monoid is a set of elements
along with an operation that has two key properties:


The operation need not have the commutative property.

In computing science common monoids include addition, multiplication, or, and. These properties are useful for various problems e.g. they allow a large set of data to be divided, processed in parallel and combined. As each part produces a monoid, the final combined result will be the same. This also works with more complex monoids, such as a map from words to the number of times they appear in a document.

Character strings also form a monoid over concatenation with the empty string "" as the identity element. Examples of the two properties are "abc" + ("def" + "ghi") = ("abc" + "def") + "ghi" and "abc" + "" = ""+ "abc" = "abc". This is true even though "abc" + "def" ≠ "def" + "abc".

Peter Lustig

Peter Fritz Willi Lustig (October 27, 1937 – February 23, 2016) was a German television presenter and author of children's books. He was known as leading actor in the weekly children's television show "Löwenzahn". He hosted the show from 1979 up until 2006; during its first year the show was still called "Pusteblume"). He also appeared on the shows "Mittendrin" (1987–1995) and "Gordos Reise ans Ende der Welt" (2007).

Lustig died on February 23, 2016 at his home in Bohmstedt, Germany. He died from stomach cancer. He was aged 78. He was surrounded by his family. He is survived by four children and nine grandchildren.

Ryszard Bender

Ryszard Janusz Bender (February 16, 1932 – February 24, 2016) was a Polish politician and historian. He was a specialist on the history of the January Uprising. He was professor of History at John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin.

From 1976 to 1980 and 1985 to 1989, he was a deputy of the Sejm. In 2007, he was elected as a member in the Senate of Poland from the Law and Justice party. He retired from the senate in 2011.

Bender was accused of antisemitism and Holocaust denial after he said that Auschwitz was "not a death camp" but a "labour camp". He later said his remarks were taken out of context. He has also spoken out in defense of Dariusz Ratajczak.

Bender died of a stroke on February 24, 2016 in Lublin, Poland. He was aged 84.


Carlo Biotti

Carlo Biotti (1901 – 10 December 1977) was an Italian judge. He became the President of the Court of Milan. His forced removal from the case brought by the widow of Giuseppe Pinelli against the police commissioner Luigi Calabresi in 1971 became a "cause célèbre".

Biotti was the leading judge in the case brought by the widow of Giuseppe Pinelli against the police commissioner Luigi Calabresi. Calabresi had led the investigation into the Piazza Fontana bombing. Pinelli died in mysterious circumstances during a police interrogation after the bombing. On 27 May 1971, Biotti was removed at the request of Calabresi's lawyer. The lawyer claimed that in a private conversation Biotti had admitted that for career reasons he had already formed an opinion on the case. It was a claim that Biotti vehemently denied. Neither Biotti nor his two fellow judges were convinced that Pinelli had died from falling from the police station window. His forced removal prevented the exhumation of Pinelli's body, and delayed the investigation for two years.

Biotti fought for years to clear his name and in November 1974 was completely exonerated by the Court of Florence. He died three years later at the age of 76. In the 2012 film "", the character of Carlo Biotti is played by .

From 1964 Biotti was also a director of A.C. Milan.

Robert J. Walker (sailor)

Robert J. Walker (known as Bob Walker; February 2, 1929 – February 15, 2016) was an American sailor. He was the third Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy. On September 26, 1975, Walker was sworn in as the third Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy. Walker was a much more conservative, traditional MCPON than his predecessor, John Whittet. He retired in the 1980s.

Walker was born in Baldwin, New York. He attended a grammar and high school in Oxford, New York. Walker died of complications from pneumonia in Norfolk, Virginia. He was aged 87.


John Reinhardt

John Edward Reinhardt (March 8, 1920 – February 18, 2016) was an American diplomat. He was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He was the United States' ambassador to Nigeria from 1971 to 1975. This made him one of the first black ambassadors. From 1975 to 1977, he was Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs. He became the director of the United States Information Agency from 1977 to 1980.

Reinhardt died in Silver Spring, Maryland from a stroke. He was aged 95.

Casas de Don Pedro

Casas de Don Pedro is a municipality in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 1559.

Fayette, Maine

Fayette is a town of Maine in the United States. It is in Kennebec County.

Jefferson City, Tennessee

Jefferson City is a city in Tennessee in the United States.

Player character

A player character or playable character (PC) is a made-up character in a role-playing or video game whose actions are chosen by a player of the game rather than the rules of the game. The characters that are not used by a player are called non-player characters (NPCs). The actions of non-player characters are generally chosen by the game itself in video games, or based on rules followed by a gamemaster in tabletop role-playing games. The player character acts as a fictional, different body for the player using it.

Most video games have one player character for each person playing the game. Some games offer a group of player characters for the player to choose from, letting player control one of them at a time. Where more there is more than one player character to choose, the characters may have different abilities, strengths, and weaknesses to make the gameplay different with each.

A player character may sometimes be based on a real person, such as in sports games that use the names and looks of real sports people. Historical people and leaders may sometimes appear as characters too, such as in strategy or empire building games like Sid Meier's "Civilization" series. These characters are avatars rather than true player characters, because the player character's name and image have little or even no effect on the game itself. Avatars are also often seen in casino game simulations.

In role playing games such as "Dungeons and Dragons" or "Final Fantasy," a player generally makes or chooses a character that may be nothing like themself. The character is usually of a race and class (often not real) such as zombie, berserker, rifleman, elf, or cleric, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. The skills of the characters (such as magic and fighting ability) are given as numbers which can be made better as the gamer plays through the game and gains experience points through doing quests or fighting enemies.

In many video games, the player character is a "blank slate" who has no given personality or backstory. "Crono", "Link" and "Chell" are examples of such characters. These characters often do not speak. In strategy games the player character is often not shown and called by a title such as "Commander" or "General", so that the player can imagine themself in the character's job.

Fighting games often have a large number of player characters to choose from, with some basic moves that all or most characters can use and some special moves only used by one or a few characters. Having many different characters to play with, all with different moves and abilities, makes the gameplay of fighting games more wikt:variety:varied and difficult.

A secret or unlockable character may be a playable character in a video game available after finishing the game or doing certain tasks. In some video games, characters that are not secret but appear only as non-player characters like bosses or enemies become playable characters after beating them, doing certain other things, or sometimes cheating.


Casas de Reina

Casas de Reina is a municipality in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 199.

Casas de Don Antonio

Casas de Don Antonio is a municipality in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 204.

Mathematical logic

Mathematical logic is a field of mathematics that tries to formalize logic so that it can be used for mathematics more easily. Logic is about reasoning, and mathematical logic shows this with symbols. Most of mathematical logic was developed in the 19th and 20th century.

This field can be said to have four main sub-fields:


Greater bird-of-paradise

The greater bird-of-paradise ("Paradisaea apoda") is a bird-of-paradise in the genus "Paradisaea".

Carolus Linnaeus named the species "Paradisaea apoda", or "legless bird-of-paradise". Apparently, early trade-skins to reach Europe were prepared without wings or feet by natives. This led to the stary that these birds were beautiful visitors from paradise kept aloft by their plumes and never touched the earth until death. The relevant point is that they were killed and traded for their feathers.

The greater bird-of-paradise is the largest member in its genus. Males measuring up to (excluding the long twin tail wires). The female is smaller, at only .

The plumage of this species is also sexually dimorphic. The male has an iridescent green face and a yellow with silver crown, head and nape. The rest of the body plumage is maroon-brown. The flank plumes, used in displays, are yellow at the base, turning white and streaked with maroon.

The female has unbarred maroon brown plumage. In both sexes the iris is yellow and the bills blue.

Progressive National Baptist Convention

The Progressive National Baptist Convention, Incorporated (PNBC) is a group of African-American Baptists that supports civil rights and social justice. Since it started, the Convention now has member congregations outside of the United States, particularly in the Caribbean and Europe.

Ninth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on December 15, 1791, the Ninth Amendment (Amendment IX) to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. James Madison wanted to make sure that the Bill of Rights was not seen as granting only those rights that it listed. It is one of the least referred to amendments by the Supreme Court. The Ninth Amendment, when mentioned, usually plays a secondary role in supporting a new right. One of the few that depends on the Ninth Amendment is the constitutional right to privacy. What the Ninth Amendment means, simply put, is that the people of the United States have other rights besides those listed in the Constitution.

In 1787, at the Constitutional Convention, the new Constitution had to be ratified by nine of the thirteen states. Any states that did not ratify the Constitution would not be a part of the United States. Many people opposed the creation of a national government that would have power over the state governments. They were called Anti-Federalists. They believed each state should be a sovereign country. The Federalists wanted a strong central government. In order to pass the Constitution and begin a new form of government a compromise was reached. Leading Federalists such as Patrick Henry and George Mason suggesting adding a Bill of Rights to the Constitution in the form of amendments. On September 25, 1789, Congress approved twelve articles of amendment to the Constitution and submitted them to the states for ratification. On December 15, 1791, the states ratified ten of the amendments which became the Bill of Rights.

Originally the framers of the Bill of Rights wanted to make clear that these rights were not taken to increase the powers of the national government. They were also not intended to guarantee additional rights of the people. The modern interpretation, however, is that the people have rights not listed in the Bill of Rights.

Disulfiram

Disulfiram is a medication used to treat chronic alcoholism. It is sold under the brand names Antabuse and Antabus.

Disulfiram works by making people feel very sick if they drink alcohol. It is not a cure for alcoholism. Usually, alcoholics who take disulfiram also need to get counseling and support.

When a person gets treatment for alcoholism, disulfiram may be part of their treatment plan. However, the person has to go through alcohol withdrawal first. It is not safe to take disulfiram if a person has had any alcohol in the past 12 hours.

When a person takes disulfiram, they get very sick if they drink any alcohol. They will start feeling sick 5 to 30 minutes after they drink. Usually, the more a person drank, the sicker they will feel. Their symptoms may include:

These symptoms can last anywhere from a half hour to a few hours.

One of the symptoms of alcoholism is wanting alcohol very, very badly. This is called craving. An alcoholic feels like they need alcohol to live.

One problem with disulfiram is that it does not stop alcohol cravings. If an alcoholic takes disulfiram, they will keep craving alcohol, but will get very sick if they do drink. Many alcoholics solve this problem by just not taking disulfiram. One year-long study done in 1986 found that disulfiram did not seem to work. However, the researchers found that only 20% of the alcoholics actually took their disulfiram. The other 80% stopped taking disulfiram so they could drink alcohol without getting sick. 
However, later studies found that when disulfiram is supervised - when someone watches an alcoholic take their disulfiram - the medication works. Alcoholics getting supervised disulfiram drink less, go longer periods of time without drinking, and participate more in other treatments than alcoholics getting un-supervised disulfiram. Family members, friends, clinics, or courts can make sure that alcoholics take their disulfiram.

Disulfiram tablets can also be placed under the skin by a surgeon. These tablets release disulfiram continuously for up to 12 weeks. This makes it impossible for an alcoholic to decide not to take their disulfiram so they can drink.

Also, a doctor can prescribe a newer drug, like naltrexone, along with disulfiram. Naltrexone does block alcohol cravings. The two drugs can work together to make it easier for the alcoholic not to drink.

The United States National Institutes of Health says:
"Disulfiram is not a cure for alcoholism. When [disulfiram is] used alone, without proper motivation and supportive therapy, it is unlikely that it will have any [real] effect on the drinking pattern of the chronic alcoholic."

Just taking disulfiram is usually not enough to keep an alcoholic from drinking. Disulfiram works best when an alcoholic also:

Disulfiram may help other medical problems too. It kills some parasites that can cause infectious diseases.

Researchers are also studying whether disulfiram could treat cancer, HIV, and cocaine addiction.


François Dupeyron

François Dupeyron (14 August 195025 February 2016) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He directed 17 movies since his career began in 1977. His movie "La Chambre des officiers" was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. He was born in Tartas, Landes, France.

Dupeyron died in Paris from a heart attack on 25 February 2016. He was aged 65.

Peter Kenilorea

Sir Peter Kenilorea KBE (23 May 1943 – 24 February 2016) was a Solomon Islander politician, officially styled The Rt Hon. Sir Peter Kenilorea as a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. He served as the Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1978 to 1981 and again from 1984 to 1986.

Kenilorea died in Honiara on 24 February 2016. He was aged 72.

Rafael Iriondo

Rafael Iriondo Aurtenechea (24 October 1918 – 24 February 2016) was a Spanish football player and manager. He played as a forward. He won a total of 286 games and scored over 88 goals over the course of 15 seasons. He played for Athletic Bilbao and Real Sociedad. He became a manager, working for nearly 30 years and being in charge of both clubs.

Iriondo was born in Guernica, Spain.

Iriondo began his career in 1939 with the football team Atlético Tetuán.

After 328 official games for Athletic with 115 goals, Iriondo moved to another team in the region, Barakaldo CF, in 1953. After a couple of months, however, he returned to the top division and joined Real Sociedad. He retired shortly after the end of the 1954–55 season.

Iriondo started coaching quickly after retiring, with modest SD Indautxu in the second division. He continued in his native Basque Country in the following years, with Deportivo Alavés and Barakaldo.

Iriondo retired in 1982 after coaching Real Betis.

Iriondo died on 24 February 2016 in Bilbao, Spain from respiratory failure. He was aged 97.


Peter van der Merwe

Peter van de Merwe (13 January 1942 – 24 February 2016) was a Dutch football player. He played as a goalkeeper. Van de Merwe played his entire career for hometown club NAC Breda from 1959 to 1970. Van der Merwe played his final league game against AZ'67 in October 1970. He retired when he was 29 after persisting injury worries. He had played 257 matches for NAC. He was later diagnosed with rheumatics and had to live with a wheelchair. He played his first game for the Netherlands in a May 1962 friendly match against Northern Ireland.

Van de Merwe died in Sint Willebrord, Netherlands on 24 February 2016 from mesothelioma. He was aged 74.


Root server

A root server is a special server in the domain name system that tells a computer what name servers to use for a single top level domain like ".com" or ".net". There are 13 root servers that are in use. They use the letters A through M.

A root server is used when a computer tries to look up a domain. For example, if a person types "www.google.com" into a web browser, their computer will ask their ISP what the IP address for "www.google.com" is. If the ISP's DNS server does not know (does not have it cached), it will ask a root server which DNS server can tell it the address. The ISP's root server will then get the address from the DNS server that the root server tells it to.

In 1981, the idea of a domain name system was made as part of . , , and said how DNS was supposed to work and made it easier to understand. In 1984, was the first RFC to say what the top level domains would be for the new DNS. In 1985, the first domain name was made and "modern" DNS began.

Günter Schröter

Günter Schröter (May 3, 1927 – February 10, 2016) was a German football player and coach. He appeared in 39 matches for East Germany between 1952 and 1962. He also played for SG Dynamo Dresden from 1950 to 1954 and for SC Dynamo Berlin from 1954 to 1963. He managed Berliner FC Dynamo from 1972 to 1973. He was born in Brandenburg an der Havel, Germany.

Schröter died on February 10, 2016 at a hospital in Berlin. It was caused by complications from Parkinson's disease. He was 88 years old.


Martin Sherman (actor)

Martin T. Sherman (born November 28, 1966) is an American actor, voice actor, voice director and writer who has starred in various movies and television shows as well as providing the voice for several video games. One of his most well-known roles was as Pac-Man in "Pac-Man World 3". He also voiced Thomas the Tank Engine from 2009 to 2015 in the British children's television series "Thomas & Friends". He also appeared on "Doctor Who". Sherman lives in the United Kingdom.

Cristiana Corsi

Cristiana Corsi (23 April 1976 – 22 February 2016) was an Italian taekwondo specialist. She was born in Rome. She competed in the women's featherweight category. She was thought of as one of Italy's best taekwondo players. 

Corsi won a total of nine medals in her career. This includes a gold at the 2002 European Championships in Samsun, Turkey, and a silver in the 59-kg division at the 2003 Summer Universiade in Daegu, South Korea. 

Corsi was also selected to compete for the Italian taekwondo team in two Olympic Games (2000 and 2004). She finished in fifth place in the women's featherweight category (57 kg) each time. Throughout her career, Corsi trained for Rome Taekwondo Centre () in Rome. She trained under head coach and master Park Young-Gil.

Corsi died in Rome on 22 February 2016. She was 39.

Yolande Fox

Yolande Betbeze Fox (November 29, 1928 – February 22, 2016) was an American singer and beauty pageant winner. She was crowned Miss America 1951. She won her first crown in 1949 when she won Mobile's "Miss Torch" pageant. In 1950, she entered Miss Alabama because it offered scholarship opportunities. 

Fox was an active feminist. After her one-year reign as Miss America, she served as an ambassador to Paris. She was active in the NAACP, CORE (Congress of Racial Equality), and SANE (The Committee for a SANE Nuclear Policy). She studied philosophy at the New School for Social Research in New York City.

Fox was also an active opera singer and became famous in this area.

Yolande Fox died on February 22, 2016 in Washington, D.C. of lung cancer. She was aged 87.


Results of the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries

This article shows the results of the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries. The Republican Party presidential primary is a process of choosing delegates, or people that represent someone, to go to the 2016 Republican National Convention. People in each state will vote on who they think will be good for the presidency, and each candidate gets a certain amount of delegates based on the number of votes they receive.

The primaries began on 1 February 2016 in Iowa. On May 4 2016, Donald Trump became the only candidate left in the race. He became the official Republican nominee on July 19, 2016. Trump would later win the presidency on November 8.

The following table shows all the candidates who have/had a major campaign.

Legend: 


Aphelion (software)

The Aphelion Imaging Software Suite is a set of computer programs for image processing and image analysis. It includes three base products: Aphelion Lab, Aphelion Dev, and Aphelion SDK.

The Aphelion software product can be used to prototype applications using the graphical user interface. It provides a set of tools for programmers which have to develop software with image analysis needs.
The Aphelion Imaging Software Suite is used by students, researchers, engineers, and software developers in application domains requiring image processing and computer vision, such as:

All products of the Aphelion Imaging Software Suite can be run on equipped with Windows (Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, or 10) 32 or 64 bits.
An online help and video tutorials are available to the user.

Below is a list of Aphelion optional extensions:

The Aphelion user can add his/her own macro-commands in the user interface that have been automatically recorded to process a batch of images. He/she can also add plugins and libraries in the that have been developed outside the Aphelion environment.







Min

Min or MIN may refer to:



Birmingham Children's Crusade

The Birmingham Children’s Crusade was a nonviolent protest in Birmingham, Alabama from May 2-5, 1963. This moment in history resulted in the desegregation of public facilities in Birmingham. It also became a launching point for March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in August 1963.

However, this was not a quickly put together march to demand desegregation of the most city in America. The building tension of lunch counter sit-ins, boycotts, and protests nationwide called Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to return to Birmingham in April 1963 to begin the launch of “Project C.” C represented confrontation, but as always, nonviolent confrontation; ordering food at segregated lunch counters, praying in parks and steps of city halls, boycotting segregated stores, etc. Knowing that scores of the protesters would be arrested, King hoped to overwhelm Birmingham’s jails, thus forcing Eugene "Bull" Connor, Birmingham’s Police Commissioner to desegregate the city.

King’s head advisor for the Children’s Crusade was Reverend James L. Bevel. Bevel, a Navy veteran who became a minister from Itta Bena, Mississippi, found deep roots in Old Testament prophets and often wore a Jewish skullcap. After attending a seminar led by James Lawson, a fierce pacifist who firmly believed in training students in “the struggle of racial injustice,” Bevel saw the distinction between white oppression and blacks “accepting the status quo.” Interestingly, Diane Nash and Gloria Johnson also attended this workshop. As cited in David Oshinsky’s article, Lawson taught, “The time had come for young people to move beyond the passivity of their elders. Segregation would end when devoted Christians, doing God’s work on earth, led a nonviolent crusade to destroy it. The struggle required physical courage, unshakable conviction and a willingness to forgive those who would beat and even murder them out of ignorance and fear… they were going to love segregation to death”.

Approaching the Birmingham Children’s Crusade with this background, Bevel spoke to the young students at Saturday nonviolent training sessions, “You are responsible for segregation, you and your parents because you have not stood up… no one has the power to oppress you if you don’t cooperate. So, if you say you are oppressed, then you are… in league with the oppressor; now, it’s your responsibility to break the league with him”. The power of introducing youth into the Civil Rights Movement became a turning point and showed the vast expanse of racism and systemic segregation that had become entrenched in the culture.

Among the black community, involving children in the front lines of the national Civil Rights Movement raised a controversial topic. As most parents intend to do, African American parents, particularly in the South, were very protective of their children and had to educate them on the realities of racism from an early age. Thus, allowing their children to be in the front lines of the Birmingham Children’s Crusade was certainly a barrier for young people to overcome. Despite this familial challenge, thousands turned out over the next week in protest.

Day 1 of the march was May 2, 1963. Bevel dubbed it “D-Day,” a direct reference to the Normandy Invasion that led to the Allied victory in World War II. The morning of the movement, some children went directly to the 16th Street Baptist Church located in downtown Birmingham, but many went to school and later in the morning walked out of class; thus making more of a point in their protest.  Eventually almost a thousand school children, ages six to eighteen, congregated in Kelly Ingram Park, 16th Street Baptist Church, and Metropolitan AME Zion Church to begin their march to city hall. The youth were organized into groups and as each group was confronted with barricades and policemen, and subsequently arrested, another “platoon” would emerge from the church. This phenomenon of the seemingly countless droves of students exiting the church puzzled an officer who asked how many more children were in the church and upon hearing, “at least a thousand,” uttered, “God A’mighty.” By the end of the first day, over 900 students had been arrested, and parents were discouraged from paying bail. As stated in OAH Magazine of History, “King was criticized for using children in the demonstrations. One of the most vocal criticisms came from Malcolm X who stated, ‘Real men don't put their children on the firing line.’ King responded by saying that the demonstrations allowed children to develop “a sense of their own stake in freedom and justice”. Also, not coincidentally, the 16th Street Baptist Church was the church that was bombed on September 15, 1963, just four months later.

Day 2: “Double D-Day.” Bull Connor authorized the use of high power fire hoses and attack dogs on the children as they again flooded the streets of downtown Birmingham. The fire hoses tore through the ranks of peaceful protesters, and the attack dogs dispersed the organized groups into a frenzied crowd. At one point during the afternoon, Connor locked the remaining 500-1000 marchers inside the 16th Street Baptist Church, mostly due to the fact that he was running out of space in the jail; precisely the goal of King and Bevel. Eventually, organizers ordered everyone to go home, and an additional 500-800 students were jailed.

“Double D-Day” is said to be the event that no other effort could do, and that unites black Birmingham to raise their voice in protest of the systemic and oppressive segregation enforced upon them by the white supremacy. King’s words to worried parents summed up the overall attitude of the protesters and the seriousness in which they took their task. “Your daughters and sons are in jail… don’t worry about them. They are suffering for what they believe, and they are suffering to make this nation a better nation”.

On May 10, 1963, the protesters and the Birmingham city officials reached a settlement that desegregated all public facilities in Birmingham. This march of thousands of elementary, middle, and high school students was one of the largest nationwide, ultimately leading to the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in August in 1963.

2016 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries and caucuses were held between February 1 and June 7, 2016. Sanctioned by the Republican Party, this series of elections selected the 2,472 delegates to the Republican National Convention, which selected the Republican Party's nominee for President of the United States.

On May 4, 2016, Donald Trump of New York became the presumptive nominee after his remaining challengers Ted Cruz of Texas and John Kasich of Ohio dropped out.

On March 23, 2015, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas formally announced his candidacy at Liberty University, and in the following months, sixteen more candidates (bringing the total to 17) entered the race: Former Governor Jeb Bush of Florida, neurosurgeon Ben Carson of Florida, Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, businesswoman Carly Fiorina of Virginia, Former Governor Jim Gilmore of Virginia, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Former Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, Governor Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, Governor John Kasich of Ohio, Former Governor George Pataki of New York, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, Former Governor Rick Perry of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, Former Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, businessman Donald Trump of New York, and Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin.

The total of 17 candidates makes it the 2nd largest presidential candidate field for any single political party in American history.

Before the Iowa caucuses on February 1, candidates Perry, Walker, Jindal, Graham, and Pataki withdrew due to low polling numbers. While leading many polls entering the Iowa caucuses, Trump came in second behind Senator Cruz. Carson dropped out after Super Tuesday on March 4, 2016.

This is an overview of the money used in the campaign as it is reported to Federal Election Committee and released on February 22, 2016. Outside groups are Independent expenditure only committees also called PACs and SuperPACs. Several such groups normally support each candidate but the numbers in the tablet are a total of all of them. This means that a group of committees can be shown as technical insolvent (shown in red) even though it is not the case of all of them.

The Campaign Committees debt are shown in red if the campaign is technical insolvent. The source of all the numbers is Center for Responsive Politics. Jim Gilmore's information is not currently available.

Notes 

After the Iowa primaries, candidates Huckabee, Paul and Santorum withdrew due to poor performance at the ballot box. Following the New Hampshire primary, which was a sizable victory for Trump, candidates Christie, Fiorina and Gilmore withdrew. After the conclusion of the South Carolina primary, Bush withdrew from the race following a second win for Trump. Ben Carson dropped out on March 4, 2016. Marco Rubio dropped out on March 15, 2016 after losing to Trump in his home state of Florida. Ted Cruz dropped out on May 3, 2016 after losing to Trump in Indiana.


2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries and caucuses took place in the United States. It takes place before to the 2016 general election to elect the Democratic Party's nominee for the Presidency of the United States. They were held between February 1 and June 14. President and 2012 nominee, Barack Obama could not stand for re-election due to term limits under the Twenty-second Amendment.

Hillary Clinton, then Secretary of State, decided to run for president in April 2015. Clinton had served as a U.S. Senator (2001–09) and was the First Lady of the U.S. (1993–2001). A January 2013 "Washington Post"–ABC News poll showed that she had high popularity among the American public. This polling data made many political critics and observers to anticipate that Clinton would launch a second presidential bid in 2016, entering the race as the early front-runner for the Democratic nomination.

On May 26, 2015, Independent U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders officially announced his run as a presidential candidate for the Democratic nomination, after an informal announcement in April that year, and speculation since early 2014. Sanders had served as Mayor of Burlington, Vermont (1981–1989), as Vermont's sole U.S. Representative (1991–2007), and as Vermont's junior Senator (2007–present). Bernie Sanders is currently seen as the biggest rival to Hillary Clinton, backed up by a strong grassroots campaign and social media following. His campaign picked up attention and mass support. However, in recent poll numbers, Clinton is leading Saunders nationally by 12.7 percent.

In May 2015, Maryland governor Martin O'Malley announced his campaign. He withdrew after the Iowa primaries. Rhode Island governor Lincoln Chafee announced his campaign in June 2015. After poor polling numbers, he dropped out before the primaries in October 2015. Former Virginia senator Jim Webb announced his campaign in the summer of 2015. He dropped out in October 2015 after a poor debate performance. Professor Lawrence Lessig announced his campaign in September 2015. He dropped out a month later after poor polling numbers.

Superdelegates are elected officials and members of the Democratic National Committee who will vote at the Democratic National Convention for their favorite candidate. Also known as "unpledged delegates," they may change their candidate at any time and talk about one sixth of the delegates to the convention. The table and list below show the current support.



Andy Bathgate

Andrew James Bathgate (August 28, 1932 – February 26, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a right wing. He played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Detroit Red Wings and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Bathgate died on February 26, 2016 in his home in Mississauga, Ontario. He died from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 83. He also had Parkinson's disease.


Tony Burton

Anthony "Tony" Burton (March 23, 1937 – February 25, 2016) was an American actor, boxer and comedian. He was born in Flint, Michigan. He was best known for his role as Tony "Duke" Evers in the "Rocky" series of movies. He was also known for his roles as Wells in "Assault on Precinct 13" and as Larry Durkin "The Shining". 

Burton died on February 25, 2016 at a hospital in Southern California. He died from complications of pneumonia. He was aged 78.


Eri Klas

Eri Klas (7 June 1939 – 26 February 2016) was an Estonian conductor, boxer and educator. He was born in Tallinn. He was best known for his work in leading the Netherlands Radio Symphony Orchestra.

He was a professor at Sibelius Academy from 1993 to 1997 and at the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre from 1997 until his death in 2016. He was honored with the Order of the Lion of Finland and Order of the White Star in 1992. He was a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. In 1986, he was named a People's Artist of the USSR. He was also a member of the Estonian Olympic Committee.

Klas died in Tallinn on 26 February 2016 from a heart attack. He was aged 76.


Gianni Infantino

Gianni Infantino (; born 23 March 1970) is a Swiss-Italian football administrator. He has been the president of FIFA since 26 February 2016. He was the general secretary of UEFA from 2009 through 2016.

On 26 October 2015, Infantino received the full support of the UEFA Executive Committee to stand for the position of president in FIFA's upcoming Extraordinary Congress. On the same day, he confirmed his candidacy. He was elected president at the Congress on 26 February 2016. The Congress was held with the purpose of reforming FIFA.

Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor

Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are a group of medications. They are usually called SSRIs. They are used to treat depression, anxiety disorders, and some other problems.

In many countries, SSRIs are prescribed more often than any other type of antidepressant.

Examples of common SSRIs are fluoxetine (Prozac), paroxetine (Paxil), citalopram (Celena), and escitalopram (Lexapro).

SSRIs are mainly used to treat:

Antidepressants like SSRIs are a first-choice treatment for people with very bad depression. When a person's depression is not as bad, but counseling has not helped them, antidepressants can help.

Scientists do not agree on whether SSRIs work for mild depression that does not last very long.

SSRIs work well for generalized anxiety disorder. They help decrease people's anxiety. This can help them participate in counseling to learn how to deal with their anxiety.

SSRIs also work well for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). They are the first-choice treatment for people with very bad OCD. Like with depression and generalized anxiety disorder, SSRIs are not a cure; people need to participate in counseling and other treatments too. However, people with OCD who took an SSRI are about twice as likely to do well in treatment than people not taking an SSRI.

Fluoxetine (Prozac) and paroxetine (Paxil) are the only medications the United States Food and Drug Administration has approved for treating post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Medications alone usually will not cure PTSD; they need to be combined with counseling. Except for Prozac and Paxil, most other SSRIs do not seem to help PTSD.

When a person starts to get treatment for bulimia nervosa or binge eating disorder, SSRIs can be a helpful first step. Over short periods of time, they can decrease some of the symptoms of these eating disorders. For example, for a short while, people taking SSRIs do less binge eating. However, SSRIs only seem to help for a short period of time.

SSRIs do not seem to help anorexia nervosa. However, if a person with anorexia also has depression, anxiety, or OCD, SSRIs could help treat those problems.

Research shows that two SSRIs can help treat chronic pain. These SSRIs are paroxetine (Paxil) and citalopram (Celexa). Other SSRIs, like fluoxetine (Prozac), do not help chronic pain.

Another group of antidepressants, called tricyclic antidepressants, treat chronic pain better than SSRIs do. However, tricyclic antidepressants have many more side effects than SSRIs do. Because of this, some doctors prescribe paroxetine or citalopram for chronic pain, because the side effects are not as bad.

Serotonin is an important chemical in the human body. It exists in different parts of the body. In the brain, it helps control a person's mood, appetite, and sleep.

Many researchers think low levels of serotonin in the brain can help cause depression. If a person's brain does not have enough serotonin, the serotonin cannot do its job of controlling their mood. This can make the person depressed. (It can also cause other symptoms of depression, like not having any appetite, not being able to sleep, or sleeping too much - because serotonin controls appetite and sleep too.)

SSRIs increase the amount of serotonin that the brain can use. Researchers think that in depressed people, this brings the amounts of serotonin in their brains back to normal. 

However, depression is complicated. So are the other problems SSRIs treat, like anxiety disorders. There is no one cause for these disorders. They are usually caused by a mixture of things. This is why SSRIs are not a cure. Most people also need counseling to help treat the other causes of their depression, anxiety, or other problems.

Each SSRI has its own possible adverse effects (side effects). It is important to remember that every medication has many possible side effects. This does not mean that everyone who takes the medication will have side effects. It only means that "some" people who take these medications have these symptoms.

Here are some examples of adverse effects that SSRIs can cause.

Taking SSRIs makes children and young adults more likely to think about suicide and try to kill themselves. This is true for young adults up to age 24. 

In 2004, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) looked at clinical trials on children with major depressive disorder. They found that children taking SSRIs had:

In both the United States and the United Kingdom, only three SSRIs are approved to treat children:

Scientists do not agree on whether SSRIs make adults more likely to think about suicide or try to kill themselves. The FDA says that people over age 24 are not more likely to think about suicide when they take SSRIs.

SSRIs often cause sexual problems. These problems include erectile dysfunction, not being able to have an orgasm, not wanting to have sex, and not enjoying sex. 

Sexual problems are one of the most common reasons why people stop taking SSRIs.

When a person takes SSRIs along with anticoagulant (blood-thinning) medications, they are a little more likely to have bleeding problems. For example, the person is more likely to have bleeding in their gastrointestinal tract, or to bleed after they have surgery. Bleeding problems are most likely in people who:

Most SSRIs can also make a person:

If a person stops taking SSRIs suddenly, they can get serotonin discontinuation syndrome. This can cause:

A person and their doctor should come up with a plan for how to stop taking an SSRI. If possible, the person should slowly decrease the amount of medication they are taking, bit by bit, over a few weeks. 

If a person overdoses on an SSRI, they can poison themselves or even die.

SSRI overdoses can cause:

It is not safe to take some drugs with SSRIs. Taking these drugs with SSRIs can cause serotonin syndrome. Here are some examples of drugs that cannot be taken with SSRIs:



2016 Republican National Convention

The 2016 Republican National Convention was the 41st national convention held by the Republican Party. It was held in Cleveland, Ohio from 18-21 July 2016. The purpose of the convention is for the delegates, who are people who represent someone, to vote for the 2016 presidential and vice presidential nominee for the United States Republican Party.

The candidates were businessman Donald Trump of New York, U.S. senator Ted Cruz of Texas, and Governor John Kasich of Ohio.

There are 2,472 delegates to the Republican National Convention. A candidate therefore needs a majority of at least 1,237 delegates to win the presidential nomination.

The convention was held on July 18 to 21. After the convention, Donald Trump with his running mate Mike Pence won the presidential nomination for the Republican Party.

Arts et Métiers ParisTech

Arts et Métiers ParisTech (ENSAM or École nationale supérieure d'arts et métiers) is a graduate engineering school in France.

It awards the following French & European degrees:

Classes are mainly in French and English. The school has 6300 students from a lot of countries. Most of the students live in dedicated housing buildings nearby.

Research activities at Arts et Métiers ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Suomenlinna

Suomenlinna, known until 1918 as Viapori, known in Swedish as Sveaborg, is a fortress in Finland. It is located on six islands in the sea near Helsinki. 

Construction of the fortress started in 1748 when Finland was still part of the Kingdom of Sweden. Sweden wanted to defend the sea areas against Russia. They also needed a place to fix their military ships. In 1808 Russia ruled Finland. They made the fortress stronger to defend Helsinki, which was now the capital of Finland.

In 1917 Finland became independent. In 1918 Viapori was taken over by the new Finnish government and was renamed Suomenlinna ( meaning "Castle of Finland"). Some of the islands were used as a navy school. There was also a prison, and prisoners worked to repair the old fortress. 

Today, Suomenlinna is one of Finland's most popular tourist attractions. It is only a short ferry ride from Helsinki to visit Suomenlinna. It is a Unesco World Heritage site. It is also a living part of Helsinki city. Around 850 people live there.


Castries

Castries is the capital city of Saint Lucia. Saint Lucia is an island in the Windward Islands, which is part of the Caribbean. Castries has a population of about 3,600 people, about 16,000 live near the city. Castries is known for its port. The main products shipped from there include bananas, sugarcane and rum. 

Distance education

Distance education (or distance learning) is a form of education where the teacher and the student(s) are not at the same physical location.

It follows that the teaching must be done via some kind of medium or a collection of media. Print, movie, television, radio, video chat and computer web sources have been used. In 1840 Isaac Pitman began teaching his shorthand by sending and receiving postcards. His success led to the establishment of correspondence schools.

Distance learning technologies using the Internet are used both for mastering individual advanced training courses for users, taking online courses and for obtaining higher education. The following main forms of distance learning can be distinguished: online and offline. Learning via the Internet has a number of significant advantages:



Platanus

Platanus is a genus of plants, which mostly occur on the Northern Hemisphere. All of them are trees, which reach heights between and . There are eight to ten recent species of "Platanus", and at least three extinct ones. 

In English, these trees are called planes or plane trees. Some North American species are called sycamores, but this name is also used for a species of fig.
The London plane, "Platanus" × "acerifolia", is a hybrid or a cultivar. Exactly what the parents were in uncertain. It was extensively planted on London streets before WWII, but is no longer in favour. The London plane is very tolerant of air pollution and root compaction (small space for roots). For these reasons it was a popular urban roadside tree. Now, however, it is indirectly something of a pest. Aphids in their millions suck sap from its leaves, and drop sugary liquid onto cars parked underneath. Older London streets have virtually no off-road parking.

Karl Dedecius

Karl Dedecius (20 May 1921 – 26 February 2016) was a Polish-born German translator. He translated works of Polish and Russian literature. He was born in Łódź, Poland. In 1959, he published his first anthology, "Lektion der Stille" ("Lesson of Silence"). In 1980, he founded the German Poland Institute in Darmstadt. He served as director from 1980 through 1997.

Dedecius died in Frankfurt on 26 February 2016. He was aged 94.


Tajik language

The Tajik language is the official language of Tajikistan. It is a dialect of the Persian language. It was written in the Persian alphabet until 1928. From 1928 to 1939, it was written mostly in the Latin alphabet until the Soviet government forced Tajiks to write their language in Cyrillic in 1939. Since the fall of the Soviet Union, Tajik continues to be written in Cyrillic, although now it can also be written in the Latin alphabet.

Francisco Rubio Llorente

Francisco Rubio Llorente (25 February 1930 – 23 February 2016) was a Spanish judge and law professor. He was President of the Spanish Council of State between 2004 to 2012. His predecessor and successor was José Manuel Romay Beccaría. He was judge on the Constitutional Court of Spain between 1980 to 1992. He spent the last three of those years as Vice President.

Llorente died in Madrid on 23 February 2016 from heart failure. He was aged 85.

Jack's Big Music Show

Jack's Big Music Show is a children's musical television series that was made for the Noggin channel. It involves a guitarist named Jack, his best friend Mary, and dog Mel. The main characters are all puppets. Each of the characters play music together, as well as music guests who are willing to join in. A singing group called the Schwartzman Quartet also appears in various episodes.


2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 58th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. Cruzeiro, the defending champions, won the title for the second time in a row and fourth overall. The championship had a break between the ninth and tenth rounds due to the 2014 FIFA World Cup, which was held between June and July in Brazil. Cruzeiro took the lead in round 6 and from then on, staying in that position, winning the title after a 2-1 victory over Goiás in the Mineirão stadium, in round 36.

On the other side of the table, Criciúma, that had been in the relegation zone since round 17, and held the last place since round 30, was relegated after a 1-1 draw against Flamengo, also in round 36. In the following round, Botafogo was relegated after losing to Santos by 2-0. In the last round, Palmeiras, despite only obtaining a draw in its last match, against Atlético Paranaense, guaranteed its survival in the first division after defeats of its competitors, Vitória and Bahia.



2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of first round

This is the Results of the first round of 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Constitutional right

A constitutional right is a right or freedom which is guaranteed to citizens by that country's constitution. In the United States constitutional rights are guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Most of these rights are contained in the Bill of Rights, the first ten amendments to the US constitution.

For example, nearly half of all the countries in the world have some form of guaranteed right to health care protected by their country's constitution. However, a right to health care is not a constitutional right in the United States. Besides the US, Guatemala, Haiti, Mexico, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Colombia, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Liberia are among those countries where citizens all have a constitutional right to own firearms. But only Guatemala's rights are as broad as the Second Amendment's rights in the United States. The constitutions of about 182 countries guarantee some form of Freedom of religion. The constitutional rights granted by the First Amendment, including freedom of the press, freedom of speech, the right to petition and the freedom of assembly, are almost unique to the United States.

Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Tenth Amendment (Amendment X) to the United States Constitution, which is part of the Bill of Rights, was ratified on December 15, 1791. It helps explain the concept of federalism, the relationship between federal and state governments. The Tenth Amendment clearly states that any remaining powers not delegated to the federal government by the Constitution are reserved for the states or for the people. 

The single point of the Tenth Amendment was to clearly show the balance of power between the federal and state governments as established by the Constitution. It was intended to put to rest any fears the new national government would seek additional powers that the states could then not fully use.

In "Bond v. United States" (2011), Carol A. Bond had been convicted under the federal Chemical Weapons Implementation Act of 1998 for a local assault using a chemical irritant (a chemical that causes skin burns). Bond's attorneys argued the federal law was intended for terrorists and rogue states. Instead, should have been prosecuted under state law. In a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court reversed the decision by the lower court and sent the case back. Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote: "Bond has standing to challenge the federal statute on grounds that the measure interferes with the powers reserved to States..., etc."

Noble metal

A noble metal is a metal that is resistant to both corrosion and oxidation when exposed to air. Metals such as gold, silver, platinum, iridium, rhodium, palladium and rhenium are examples. Sometimes, mercury and copper can be regarded as noble metals. Some metals like titanium are not, even though they are resistant to corrosion. Noble metals are valuable, because they are not commonly found in the Earth's crust. They have many uses in everyday things including chemical engineering, electronics, and jewelry.


Title IX

Title IX (pronounced "title nine") is a portion of the United States Education Amendments of 1972. It was co-authored and introduced by Senator Birch Bayh after the wave of feminist activism led by Bernice Sandler. It was renamed the Patsy Mink Equal Opportunity in Education Act in 2002, after its late House co-author and sponsor. Title IX is a federal law that makes it illegal to discriminate against a person on the basis of sex in any federally funded activity. But even after Title IX was passed by Congress, women's athletic and academic opportunities in American schools still did not equal men's programs.

2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of second round

This is the Results of the second round of 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Immigration and Naturalization Service

The United States Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) was an agency of the Department of Justice from 1933 to 2003. The agency ceased to exist under that name on March 1, 2003. This is when most of its responsibilities were transferred to three new agencies. These were the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), and U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). All were within the newly created Department of Homeland Security, as part of a major government reorganization following the September 11 attacks of 2001.

In 1890, the federal government, rather than the individual states, regulated immigration into the United States. The Immigration Act of 1891 established a Commissioner of Immigration in the Treasury Department. Immigration was transferred to the United States Department of Commerce and Labor after 1903 and the Department of Labor after 1913. In 1940, with increasing concern about national security, immigration and naturalization was organized under the authority of the Department of Justice.

In 2003 the administration of immigration services became the responsibility of the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services (BCIS), which existed only for a short time before changing to its current name, the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).

Salman Natour

Salman Natour (July 3, 1949 – February 15, 2016) was a Druze-Palestinian writer and novelist. He was a citizen of Israel. Natour published many books and plays. He wrote in both Hebrew and Arabic. He was mainly known for his work "Granta".

He was born in Daliyat al-Karmel south of Haifa in 1949. He graduated from high school in his hometown, and then went on to university in Jerusalem and later in Haifa. He died on the morning of February 15, 2016 after a severe heart attack.

William O'Brien (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir William Donough O'Brien (13 November 1916 – 19 February 2016) was a British military leader. He was the Commander-in-Chief of the Western Fleet. He was then appointed Naval Secretary in 1964. He was appointed Flag Officer Aircraft Carriers in 1966, Commander-in-Chief of the Far East Fleet in 1967 and Commander-in-Chief of the Western Fleet in 1970. He retired in 1971.

O'Brien died on 19 February 2016 from complications of pneumonia. He had also been suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He was 99.

Rajesh Pillai

Rajesh Raman Pillai (10 July 1974 – 27 February 2016) was an Indian movie director. He was best known for his work in Malayalam cinema. He was known for his movie "Traffic" (2011).

Pillai died on 27 February 2016 at a hospital in Kochi, India. He had liver disease. He was aged 41.

Frank Kelly

Frank Kelly (né Francis O'Kelly; 28 December 1938 – 28 February 2016) was an Irish actor, singer and writer. He worked in television, radio, theatre, music, screenwriting and movies. He played Father Jack Hackett in the Channel Four sitcom "Father Ted". He also played Dermont in "Emmerdale".

Kelly died on 28 February 2016 from a heart attack. The heart attack was a complication of Parkinson's disease. He was 77. He was recovering from bowel cancer and survived skin cancer.

Everest Base Camp

Everest Base Camp is a campsite at the bottom of Mount Everest. There are two of them, located on opposite sides of the mountain. They are used as bases by mountain climbers. The climbers usually rest at base camp for several days to acclimatise. This lowers the risks and severity of altitude sickness. Climbing starts from one of these two camps.

Food and equipment are brought to the South Base Camp by Sherpas or porters, with the help of animals like yaks. The North Base Camp has a track that vehicles can access, but usually only during summer.

Lochner v. New York

Lochner v. New York, (1905), was a landmark decision by the Supreme Court of the United States. The Court ruled a New York State law that set the maximum numbers of hours bakers could work per week was unconstitutional. The Court held that the right of a person to make a contract as a part of his or her business is a liberty protected by the Fourteenth Amendment. With few exceptions this included the right to buy and sell labor. The decision was controversial and it made the Supreme Court an adversary to legislatures for over 30 years. Repeatedly, the Court struck down laws that regulated labor saying they violated the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. This was called the "Lochner Era"; so-named for this decision.

A statute was enacted by the State of New York which limited the number of hours bakers could work to 10 hours a day or 60 hours a week. The law was a part of the Bakershop Act passed in 1895. The Journeymen Bakers’ Union wanted to limit the number of hours a day union bakers could work. Bakers were then typically paid by the day. The work had a number of health and safety risks due to dust, fumes, the heat of the ovens, etc. The lobbying was successful and in May 1895 the Governor of New York signed the bill into law.

Joseph Lochner, a baker in Utica, New York, found the law made it hard to operate his business. He and his bakers often had to work more than 60 hours a week. Lochner was charged with violating the state law. He filed the appeal because he felt the law was unconstitutional because it violated his Civil liberties of "Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness". The case went before the Supreme Court on February 23rd and was decided on April 17, 1905. The is considered one of the most groundbreaking cases in United States history.


Doom (2016 video game)

Doom, known during development as Doom 4, is a first-person shooter game in the "Doom" series from 2016. The game is the second reboot of the "Doom" series and features gameplay similar to the original Doom from 1993. The way "Doom" (2016) was designed was very different from "Doom 3", which was more survival-horror-based and slower paced rather than the usual action-based, faster pace games of "Doom" (1993) and "Doom II". It was released on May 13, 2016. The game can be played on the PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.

The sequel is "Doom Eternal" and was released in 2020.

To make both fans of the first game and modern gamers happy, the game developers kept many of the old gameplay features and added some new ones as well. Older gameplay features include never reloading your weapon, having all weapons on you at all times rather than just two weapons, having a traditional health bar rather than health regeneration, running at full speed at all times, rewarding offensive gameplay rather than defensive gameplay, and defense being based on strafing (moving out of the way) rather than taking cover. Gameplay features that are new to the series include melee-based finishing moves called Glory Kills, most weapons having two different secondary firing modes that can be bought and switched out at any time, platforming similar to the games, weapon challenges to upgrade your weapons, and arcade-style challenges to upgrade your suit. The art style is also a mix of "Doom" and "Doom 3".

The game has all the weapons from "Doom" and "Doom 2". It also has the Heavy Assault Rifle, which was based on the Assault Rifle in Doom 3. There is also a completely new weapon, the Gauss Cannon. The Chainsaw now has fuel limits, unlike the other Doom games, but it can kill most enemies in one hit, and it also gives the player more ammo pick-ups when he or she is low on ammo. The BFG-9000 also has its own ammo, which can kill every non-boss enemy you can see on-screen. Six weapons have two different mods that can be switched in battle. For example, the Shotgun has both Burst Shot and Grenade Launcher mods.

Like in earlier Doom games, certain weapons share ammo. The Chaingun and Heavy Assault Rifle share bullets, the Combat Shotgun and Super Shotgun share shotgun shells, and the Plasma Rifle and Gauss Cannon share energy cells.

The game begins with the player, the Doom Slayer, wakes up chained to a coffin after hundreds of years being trapped in Hell. A zombie comes to kill the Doom Slayer, but he breaks free from his chains, kills the approaching zombie, and kills the rest of them with the Pistol. In the next room, the Doom Slayer finds his suit of armor, the Praetor Suit, and puts it on. Right after that, the Doom Slayer learns that the UAC lab on Mars has been overrun with demons, and that almost everyone on the base is either dead or they turned into zombies or demons. This is the result of leading scientist Olivia Pierce and her followers performing rituals to unleash Hell on Mars.

The CEO of UAC, Samuel Hayden, tells the Doom Slayer that the UAC was sending workers to Hell to get Argent Energy, an extremely powerful and efficient source of energy, and to do research on captured demons. He says it is absolutely needed to solve Earth's energy shortage. However, it was not his plan to unleash Hell. He tells the Doom Slayer that Pierce went insane and went too far. While the Doom Slayer agrees to help Hayden stop the demons coming on Mars, he also tries to destroy the Argent Energy production as well, which makes Hayden unhappy.

Despite the Doom Slayer's best efforts, Pierce was able to open up the Well, a very large portal of Hell on the UAC base, so that Hell will be unleashed on Mars forever. Even though the Doom Slayer gets sent to Hell, Hayden created a tether system that allows the Doom Slayer to be teleported out of Hell at anytime. Hayden tells the Doom Slayer that there is only one way to shut down the Well, go back to Hell to get a key called the Crucible.

Doom Slayer goes back to Hell by fighting the Cyberdemon, who teleports himself and the Doom Slayer there in the middle of the boss fight. When the Doom Slayer finds the Crucible, it was being guarded by demons called the Argent Guards. The Doom Slayer kills them and gets the Crucible. The Doom Slayer then uses the Crucible to close the portal. After that, he fights Pierce, who has turned into the Spider Mastermind. After he kills Pierce, Hayden teleports him right back to Mars and takes the Crucible from him. With the Crucible, Hayden can restart Argent Energy production. Hayden then teleports the Doom Slayer to an unknown place, and right afterwards, the game's credits are shown.

At sign

The at sign (@), otherwise known as the ampersat, is a logogram. It is used in bills, emails and programming. In email, it is used to show a specific domain of an email address. In bills, it used to mean "at a rate of". For example, 7 widgets @ £2 equals £14. In programming, the at sign has been used in a wide range of programming languages. It was invented by Ray Tomlinson.

It is the ligature form of the Latin word "ad", which means "at".

The sign is one of several special symbols on the standard English keyboard.

Humboldt Current

The Humboldt Current is a cold, low-salinity ocean current. It flows north along the west coast of South America from the southern tip of Chile to northern Peru. Also called the Peru Current, it flows in the direction of the equator. It extends 1,000 kilometers offshore. 

The Humboldt Current is a large marine ecosystem, named after the Prussian naturalist Alexander von Humboldt. It is one of the major nutrient systems of the world, bringing nutrients up into the surface waters of the ocean. This supports an extraordinary abundance of marine life. Upwelling occurs off Peru year-round but off Chile only during the spring and summer. This is because the subtropical center of high pressure is displaced during the summer.

About 18-20% of the world’s fish catch comes from the Humboldt Current. The species are mostly pelagic: sardines, anchovies and jack mackerel. This high productivity supports other important fishery resources as well as marine mammals (eared seals and cetaceans) and seabirds. The cold, nutrient-rich water upwelling to the surface drives the system’s extraordinary productivity.

The Humboldt Current is part of a much larger system, the South Pacific Gyre.

2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (officially the Brasileirão Petrobras 2011 for sponsorship reasons) was the 55th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. It began on May 21 and was scheduled to end on December 4. Fluminense comes in as the defending champion having won the 2010 season.


2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of first round

This is the Results of the first round of 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of second round

This is the Results of the second round of 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Deaths in March 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in March 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Crimes against humanity

Crimes against humanity are crimes that are committed against a large group of people who have not done anything wrong. Groups who commit crimes against humanity do not hurt just one person, or just a few people. They want to hurt an entire group of people that they do not like. For example, in Nazi Germany during The Holocaust, the Nazis tried to kill all of the Jewish people in Europe. This is an example of a crime against humanity.

Unlike war crimes, crimes against humanity can happen during peace or war, and against people who do not fulfill the criteria of protected persons in an international armed conflict under international humanitarian law.

Not every crime committed against a big group is a crime against humanity. To be crimes against humanity, crimes must be:

Crimes against humanity must also be committed against a civilian population (people who are not soldiers).

Today, crimes against humanity can include:
However, in the past, not all of these things were thought of as crimes against humanity. For example, crimes against humanity were first listed in 1945. However, it was not until 2002 that many forms of sexual abuse (like sexual slavery) were included as crimes against humanity.

The words "crime against humanity" were first used after the Armenian Genocide. In 1915, the government of the Ottoman Empire killed up to 1.5 million Armenian people. The government killed men or made them do forced labor. They also forced Armenian women and children to leave their homes. On the way, the Ottoman military raped, robbed, and killed civilians.

On May 24, 1915, Britain, France, and Russia accused the Ottoman Empire of committing "a crime against humanity."

After World War II ended, many people who participated in The Holocaust were captured and put on trial at the Nuremberg Trials. However, the people running the Trials had to figure out how to deal with the crimes these people had committed during the Holocaust. At that time, courts could try people for war crimes. But the courts had never seen a case where a government committed such awful crimes against its own citizens.

To allow the court to charge the Nazis for these crimes, the court passed a law. This law said that the court could put people on trial for crimes against humanity as well as war crimes. It defined "crimes against humanity" as:
Apartheid is a system of keeping one race separate from another. One race has all the power, and the other race has none. This continues through racist laws and attitudes.

South Africa practiced apartheid for decades. The government passed laws saying that different races could not live in the same areas, have sex, get married, go to school together, go to the same beaches, or even go to the same hospitals. The schools, hospitals, and other places where non-white people were allowed to go were much worse than the places for white people.

In 1976, the United Nations General Assembly ruled that apartheid is a crime against humanity. Part of its ruling said:
"Considering ... that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and that everyone is entitled to all ... rights and freedoms ... [we] declare that apartheid is a crime against humanity." 

No one has ever been tried for apartheid-related crimes against humanity.

The International Criminal Court (ICC) opened in 2002. Its job is to look into war crimes and crimes against humanity. If possible, it tries and punishes people for these crimes. When the ICC was formed, it created a new list of crimes against humanity. This was the first time that any type of sexual abuse, other than rape, was included as a crime against humanity. The ICC includes all of these as crimes against humanity:

The ICC also includes all of these crimes as war crimes, if they happen as part of a war.

In 2008, the United Nations Security Council ruled that “rape and other forms of sexual violence can [be] war crimes, crimes against humanity or a [part of] genocide.”


Donald E. Williams

Captain Donald Edward "Don" Williams (February 13, 1942 – February 23, 2016) was an American naval officer and aviator, test pilot, mechanical engineer and NASA astronaut. He has a recorded total of 287 hours and 35 minutes in space. He was born in Lafayette, Indiana.

Williams died on February 23, 2016 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida from complications of a stroke. He was 74 years old.


Louise Rennison

Louise Rennison (11 October 1951 – 29 February 2016) was an English author. She wrote the "Confessions of Georgia Nicolson", which was a series for teenage girls. This series records the life of a teenage girl, Georgia Nicolson, and her best friends, the Ace Gang. 

Rennison was born in Leeds. She grew up on a council estate in Seacroft. She lived in New Zealand for part of her teens. During that time she had daughter, whom she gave up for adoption.

Her first and second novels, "Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging" and "It's OK, I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers" were made into a movie called "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging". She also wrote a series of books about Georgia's younger cousin, "The Misadventures of Tallulah Casey".

Rennison never married. She died on 29 February 2016.

Vorkuta mine disaster

The Vorkuta mine disaster was a series of explosions that happened in a mine in Vorkuta, Komi Republic, Russia. It killed 36 people on 25 February 2016.

Adriana Benetti

Adriana Benetti (12 December 1919 – 24 February 2016) was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "Quattro passi fra le nuvole", "C'è sempre un ma!", "Uno tra la folla" and "Avanti c'è posto...". She was born in Ferrara, Italy. 

Benetti died in Rome on 24 February 2016 from complications of pneumonia. She was 96 years old.

Alan Grayson

Alan Mark Grayson (born March 13, 1958) is an American politician. He was the United States Representative for from 2013 to 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He last served as Representative for from 2009 to 2011. He was defeated for re-election in 2010 by Republican Daniel Webster. He was then elected in 2012 for another term in the House of Representatives, defeating Republican Todd Long.

In 2014 he defeated Republican challenger Carol Platt to win re-election.

On July 9, 2015, Grayson announced his intentions to run in the United States Senate election in Florida, 2016 to replace Marco Rubio. In 2016, Grayson said he supported Bernie Sanders to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.

Tulsi Gabbard

Tulsi Gabbard (born April 12, 1981) is an American politician. She was a member of the Democratic Party until 2022, when she left the party to become an Independent. She was the United States Representative for Hawaii's second congressional district from 2013 to 2021. She was also a vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee until 28 February 2016. She resigned in order to support Senator Bernie Sanders for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination.

Gabbard was elected in 2012. She is the first American Samoan and the first Hindu member of the United States Congress. Along with Tammy Duckworth, she is also one of its first female combat veterans.

In January 2019, Gabbard announced her plans to run for President of the United States in the 2020 presidential election. On October 25, 2019, Gabbard announced that she will not seek another term in Congress. She dropped out from the primaries on March 19, 2020 and announced her support for Joe Biden. After leaving the U.S. House in 2021, she became more conservative on social issues such as abortion and transgender rights and even spoke at the 2022 CPAC.

Gabbard was born on April 12, 1981, in Leloaloa, American Samoa, the fourth of five children. Her father, Mike Gabbard, is of American Samoan descent. She graduated from Hawaii Pacific University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration in 2009.

In 2002, Gabbard ran to represent the 42nd House District of the Hawaii House of Representatives. She won the four-candidate Democratic primary with a plurality of 48% of the vote over Rida Cabanilla (30%), Dolfo Ramos (18%), and Gerald Vidal (4%). Gabbard then defeated Republican Alfonso Jimenez in the general election, 65%–35%. In 2002, at the age of 21, Gabbard had become the youngest legislator ever elected in Hawaii's history and the youngest woman ever elected to a U.S. state legislature. She represented the Oahu 42nd District, which covers Waipahu, Honolulu, and Ewa Beach.

Gabbard strongly supported legislation to promote clean energy. Regarding the environment, Gabbard supported legislation to better protect air quality and the water supply.

After returning home from her second deployment to the Middle East in 2009, Gabbard ran for a seat on the Honolulu City Council. Gabbard finished first with 33% of the vote in the primary. In the November 2 runoff election, she defeated Sesnita Moepono, 58%–42%, to win the seat. Gabbard introduced a measure to help food truck vendors by loosening parking restrictions. She also introduced Bill 54, a measure that authorized city workers to confiscate personal belongings stored on public property with 24 hours' notice to its owner.

In early 2011, Mazie Hirono, the incumbent Congresswoman in Hawaii's second congressional district, announced that she would run for a U.S. Senate seat. Soon after that, in May 2011, Gabbard announced her candidacy for the House seat. Gabbard won with 62,882 votes or 55% of the total. The "Honolulu Star-Advertiser" described her win as an "improbable rise from a distant underdog to victory." Gabbard resigned from the City Council on August 16 to prevent the cost of holding a special election.

Gabbard traveled to Charlotte, North Carolina and spoke at the 2012 Democratic National Convention.

In December 2012, Gabbard was highly thought to be the frontrunner replaced for the U.S. Senator from Hawaii after Daniel Inouye died.

Gabbard was reelected on November 8, 2016, defeating her Republican opponent, Angela Kaaihue, by about 130,000 votes, or 170,848 to 39,668 votes (81.2%–18.8%). Gabbard was overwhelmingly reelected in 2018. She defeated her Republican opponent, Brian Evans, by around 110,000 votes, or 153,271 to 44,850 votes (77.4%–22.6%).

Gabbard is the first Samoan American member of the United States Congress and the first Hindu member of the United States Congress.

In October 2019, Gabbard announced her retirement from congress.

Gabbard, a vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee, was critical of the decision by DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to hold only six debates during the 2016 Democratic Party primary season, compared with 26 in 2008 and 15 in 2004.

Gabbard resigned as DNC vice-chair on February 28, 2016, in order to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic presidential nomination. She was the first female U.S. Representative to endorse Sanders. At the 2016 Democratic National Convention, Gabbard gave the nominating speech putting his name forward.

On October 19, 2018, Politico announced that Gabbard was "weighing a 2020 presidential bid", and would wait until after the 2018 midterms for an official announcement. On January 11, 2019 interview with CNN, Gabbard confirmed her plans to seek the Democratic nomination and officially announced her candidacy the following week.

After failing to qualify in recent debates or winning any primary contests, Gabbard left the race on March 19, 2020 and supported Joe Biden.

In 2002, Gabbard was a martial arts instructor.

In 2002, Gabbard married Eduardo Tamayo. The couple divorced in 2006. In February 2015, Gabbard got engaged to Abraham Williams, and the two married on April 9, 2015.


Writing's on the Wall (Sam Smith song)

"Writing's on the Wall" is a song by British singer Sam Smith. It was the theme song for the "James Bond" movie "Spectre" in 2015. The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. The song was written by Smith and Jimmy Napes, and produced by Napes, Steve Fitzmaurice and Disclosure. It was released on 25 September 2015.

"Writing's on the Wall" received mixed reviews, especially when compared to other Bond theme songs. The mixed reception to the song led to Shirley Bassey being a popular topic on Twitter on the day it was released. 

The single became the first Bond movie theme to reach number 1 in the UK Singles Chart. It also reached the Top 10 in a few other European countries. Unlike other James Bond themes, it was not as successful outside Europe. It only peaked at Number 43 in Canada and Australia and Number 71 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Only the instrumental version of the song appeared on the movie's official soundtrack album. 

The song won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards and the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 88th Academy Awards.

Betsy Jochum

Betsy Jochum "Sockum" (born February 8, 1921) is a former American baseball player. She played as an outfielder and pitcher. She played from 1943 to 1948 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She was listed at , . She batted and threw right-handed. Jochum played for the South Bend Blue Sox during her whole career.

Jochum was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She was raised in South Bend, Indiana. 

Repeating decimal

Repeating decimal (or recurring decimal) is a decimal where the number or pattern repeats forever. Repeating decimal is resulted when dividing a number by a number that is not divisible except for certain cases like dividing any number by 5. For example, dividing 7 by 3 would result in a repeating decimal, which is 2.333... or 2.. The number or group of numbers that repeats is called a repetend or reptend and the number of numbers in the repetend is called the period length. For 2., 3 is the repetend and the period length is 1.


Azerbaijani wine

Azerbaijani wines are wines made in Azerbaijan. Azerbaijan is one of the oldest wine-making regions in the world. Azerbaijani wine is made in several areas throughout Azerbaijan.

Azerbaijan has a successful wine industry that dates back to the 2nd millennium BC. Azerbaijan's long history of wine-making was rediscovered at archaeological digs of settlements in Kültəpə, Qarabağlar and Galajig. Archaeologists discovered stone fermentation and storage containers that included remnants and grape seeds dating back to the 2nd millennium BC. The Ancient Greeks were well aware of wine production in the area by at least the 7th century BC according to Herodotus. Later Strabo would comment in the 1st century BC about an Azerbaijani wine known as "Albania". Arabic historians and geographers described the extensive viticulture around Ganja and Barda that was taking place even after Islamic conquest of the area.

Since the end of the Soviet Union and the independence of Azerbaijan, many attempts have been made to revive and modernize the Azerbaijani wine industry. Today vineyards are found in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains and the Kur-Araz lowlands near the Kura River. In the 21st century, Ganja, Nagorno-Karabakh and Nakhchivan have emerged as centers of wine production in the region.



Urinogenital

Urinogenital is a term for the common urinal and sex passage (opening) in mammals. In females it is called the vagina, and in males it is called the penis. Mammals have a sepate opening for waste (defaecation) called the anus.

The term contrasts with that of reptiles and birds, which have one common opening for sex, urine and defaecation. This is called the cloaca.

Economic system

An economic system is a man-made and malleable system to regulate the production, resource allocation, exchange, and distribution of goods and services in a society or a geographic area.

Trade, money, markets, banks, laws and regulations are all part of an economic system. Examples of economic systems include:


1066 Harold's Way

1066 Harold’s Way is a long-distance path in South East England. It was developed in 2013.

The path goes from Westminster Abbey to Battle Abbey. It goes through London, Kent and East Sussex. The route includes parts of the Thames Path, the Green Chain Walk, the Kent Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and the High Weald AONB.

1066 Harold’s Way commemorates King Harold II’s march to the Battle of Hastings on 14 October 1066. It is based on the Roman road network that was still being used in 1066. That went from London to Rochester along Watling Street and then south through Maidstone, Staplehurst, Sissinghurst, Benenden and Bodiam, a clear route through the former Forest of the Andreasweald and a route that offers some of the best scenic views for walkers.

The total length of 1066 Harold’s Way is 160 km (100 miles), mainly along Public Footpaths and Public Rights of Way (PRoW) and as a result, is unsuitable for cyclists or riders on horseback.

The route is mixed-category in that it varies throughout the length from footpath (80%) to bridleway, byway and road. Some 15% of 1066 Harold’s Way is along roads, of which almost all are on minor lanes. The route is accessible by public transport.

1066 Harold’s Way links with the 1066 Country Walk.

From Westminster Abbey, 1066 Harold’s Way follows the Embankment and the Thames Path to Greenwich, the O2Arena and the Thames Barrier. It continues to Erith along the Green Chain Walk through Marryon Park, Charlton Park, Plumstead Common, Bostall Woods, and Lesnes Abbey Woods. After Cray Marshes, the path follows the River Darent through Dartford to climb up to the North Downs at Beacon Hill Country Park. It continues through Jeskyn’s Country Park, past the Darnley Mausoleum to join the North Downs Way. It then goes to Rochester along the Strood Community Trail. It ends at Rochester Castle (English Heritage).

1066 Harold’s Way leaves Rochester by the Medway Valley Walk. It joins the North Downs Way (NDW) to go up to Bluebell Hill with views south over the Medway Valley towards Maidstone. Going downhill, it passes Kit's Coty House (English Heritage). It leaves the NDW to follow the path through Cobtree Manor Park joining the River Medway, close to Allington Lock, for the final walk, along the Medway Valley Walk, to Maidstone and The Archbishop’s Palace. The route continues through the Loose Valley Conservation Area up onto the ragstone ridge to join the route of the old Roman road on the descent into the Low Weald. It continues through Staplehurst, Hocker Edge, Sissinghurst Castle (National Trust), Sissinghurst, Benenden, Iden Green and Sandhurst joining the Sussex Border Path to Bodiam Castle (NT). 1066 Harold’s Way finishes at Battle Abbey (EH) where it links with 1066 Country Walk from Pevensey to Rye.

1066 Harold’s Way passes by or overlooks some of the key battle sites in English History including:




Chisholm v. Georgia

Chisholm v. Georgia, , is considered the first great decision by the United States Supreme Court. Given its early date, there was little available legal precedent in American law. It was almost immediately superseded by the Eleventh Amendment.

In 1777, needed supplies for the Revolutionary War were purchased from a South Carolina businessman by the Executive Council of Georgia. The supplies were delivered but Georgia never paid as they had promised. After the businessman's death, Alexander Chisholm, the executor of his estate, took the case to court trying to collect from the state of Georgia. Georgia maintained it was not under the jurisdiction of the federal courts. 

United States Attorney General Edmund Randolph argued the case for the plaintiff before the court. The defendant, Georgia, refused to appear, claiming that, as a sovereign state, it could not be sued without granting its consent to the suit.

In a four to one decision, the court ruled in favor of the plaintiff, with Chief Justice John Jay and associate justices John Blair, James Wilson, and William Cushing constituting the majority. Only Justice Iredell dissented. The court ruled that did not allow the states' sovereign immunity. In short, the Court ruled that Georgia was subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Supreme Court. It granted federal courts the power to hear disputes between private citizens and states.

The resulting public sentiment in favor of states' rights led directly to the passage of the Eleventh Amendment in 1795. In "Hollingsworth v. Virginia" (1798), the court ruled that pending court actions from "Chisholm" were dismissed due to passage of the Eleventh Amendment. This removed federal jurisdiction in cases where citizens of one state or of foreign countries attempt to sue another state.

"Chisholm" is one of only four decisions by the Supreme Court that were overturned by an amendment to the United States Constitution. The other three are:

Arguably, one more case could be added:

Avezzano

Avezzano is a city in central of Italy located in the Province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo Region. About 42,000 people live in Avezzano.

2016 Democratic National Convention

At the 2016 Democratic National Convention, delegates of the United States Democratic Party chose their nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2016 national election. It was held July 25–28, 2016, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, with some events at the Pennsylvania Convention Center, beginning exactly one week after the 2016 Republican National Convention. The candidates were former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of New York, and United States senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

There are 4,764 delegates to the Democratic National Convention, so a candidate needs a simple majority of 2,383 delegates including "superdelegates" to win the presidential nomination. On June 6, 2016, Clinton won the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries, becoming the presumptive candidate.

Jim Clark (movie editor)

Jim Clark (24 May 1931 – 25 February 2016) was a British movie editor with more than forty feature-movie credits from 1956 to 2008. Clark has also directed eight features and short movies. His best-known works are "Midnight Cowboy" (as creative consultant-1969), "Marathon Man" (1976), "The Killing Fields" (1984), and "Vera Drake" (2004). In 2011, Clark published "Dream Repairman: Adventures in Film Editing", which is a memoir of his career.

2016 Democrats Abroad primary

The 2016 Democratic Party global presidential primary for Democrats Abroad happened March 1–8, 2016. E-mail, fax, and postal voting started January 11 and ended March 8.

Voters voted once for a presidential candidate: either through Democrats Abroad, or through their home state. Those who vote in the Democrats Abroad global presidential primary may vote or caucus for all other candidates for the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives, in their home states. They cannot vote twice for a presidential candidate.

Sanders won the primary by 69% to Clinton's 31% winning 44 out of the 45 international cities.

The results given on 21 March were:

Tasmanian oak

Tasmanian oak (or Australian oak) is hardwood timber made from some types of "Eucalyptus" trees in Tasmania. The trees for making Tasmanian oak are "Eucalyptus regnans", "Eucalyptus obliqua" or "Eucalyptus delegatensis". It is a light-coloured type of wood. It is used for building, furniture and paper.

Wood from the same species of trees in Victoria is called Victorian ash. 

Drush

Drush is a free and open source software application that allows people to install and change drupal websites. The name "drush" means ""dru"pal "sh"ell". People who install drush can do all these things using the command line, or terminal of a computer. This makes managing a website that uses drupal faster and more efficient. According to GitHub, drush has been downloaded more than 788,000 times as of March, 2016.

Drupal

Drupal is a free and open source software application that is installed on servers. When installed and configured, Drupal helps people make websites that are secure, safe, and stable. Drupal also allows users to share modules with each other. Modules are like building blocks that when installed make new features available.

As of February 2016, more than 1.3 million websites use Drupal.
Drupal is well supported, and many high level websites are built with it including whitehouse.gov.

Majority opinion

In law, a majority opinion is a judicial opinion agreed to by more than half of the members of a court. A majority opinion becomes the decision of the court in a matter. It also gives an explanation of the reasons for the court's decision. 

A dissenting opinion is an opinion written by one or more judges expressing disagreement with the majority opinion of the court. Very similar to a majority opinion is a plurality opinion. In this instance, a majority of Justices agree on the result of a case, but do not all agree on the reasons for the result. 

In the United States Supreme Court, a majority of the Justices have to agree with all of the contents of the Court's opinion before it can be published. In a few cases, after reading drafts of the opinions, Justices may switch their votes and what was the minority opinion becomes the majority opinion. No opinion is considered official until it is read in open court or made available publicly.

Normally, appellate courts (or panels) are staffed with an odd number of judges to avoid a tie vote. Sometimes and in some jurisdictions, when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused (excuse) himself or herself from the case, the court may be stuck with a tie. In this situation the decision of the lower Court stands.


Writ

In English common law, a writ is a formal written order issued by a body with administrative or judicial jurisdiction. In modern use this generally is a court. Writs are issued by courts directing the person to whom they are addressed to do something or to not do something. Writs may also be used to direct other courts or public authorities. The authority for a court to issue a writ is given by the All Writs Act which is a United States federal statute originally a part of the Judiciary Act of 1789.

In its earliest form a writ was simply a written order made by the English king to a specified person to undertake a specified action. For example in the feudal era a military summons by the king to one of his tenants-in-chief to appear dressed for battle with his knights at a certain place and time. An early usage survives in the United Kingdom. Also in Canada in a writ of election. This was is a written order issued on behalf of the monarch (in Canada, the Governor General) to local officials (High Sheriffs of every county in historical UK) to hold a general election. Writs were used by the medieval English kings to summon persons to Parliament.

There have been a great many kinds of writs. Some of the more common types still in use are:


Eleventh Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Eleventh Amendment (Amendment XI) to the United States Constitution was passed by Congress on March 4, 1794 and ratified by the states on February 7, 1795. It deals with each state's sovereign immunity and was adopted to overrule the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in "Chisholm v. Georgia".

The idea of sovereign immunity originated in English common law. It was also proposed by political theorists like Thomas Hobbes and Jean Bodin. The founding fathers of the Constitution were aware of the traditional doctrine that states were immune from private lawsuits. Several Anti-Federalists were afraid that Article III, Section 1 of the Constitution, which declares that the federal judicial power extends to suits "between a State and Citizens of another State", would override that doctrine. 

The Eleventh Amendment was a direct reaction to an unpopular ruling by the Supreme Court in "Chisholm v. Georgia" (1793). In "Chisholm" the Court said federal courts had the power to hear lawsuits brought by citizens against US states. Also, that states were not immune to these cases. The Eleventh Amendment reversed this decision and does not allow cases brought against a state by a citizen of another state or country. It says nothing about a citizen bringing a suit against their own state.

In "Ex parte Young", the Supreme Court decision allowed suits in federal courts against officials acting on behalf of states of the union to proceed despite the State's sovereign immunity, when the State acted unconstitutionally.

The Eleventh Amendment is one of five amendments that overturned earlier Supreme Court decisions.


Johnnie Cochran

Johnnie L Cochran, Jr. (October 2, 1937 – March 29, 2005) was an American lawyer. He is most known for his part in the acquittal of O. J. Simpson for the murder of Simpson's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman.

Cochran also represented many different celebrities and victims. He became known as an early advocate for the victims of police brutality. Cochran helped Sean Combs win an acquittal after being indicted on stolen weapons charges and bribery in 2001. After the case, he decided to retire.

On March 29, 2005, Cochran died from a brain tumor in his home in Los Angeles, aged 67. 


Crypt

A crypt is a room, or group of rooms, underneath a church where bodies are put after a person dies. It usually has coffins, religious items, and other trinkets for the dead.


Pokémon Sun and Moon

On February 25, the games' existence was leaked after the trademarks were found on the EU's Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market's website. "Sun" and "Moon" were officially announced in a Pokémon Nintendo Direct. 

Pokémon Sun and Moon take place in a region called Alola. Alola has warm weather and is made up of four large islands. The player is given a Pokémon and goes on a journey around Alola. The player can catch and raise other Pokémon as they explore. While exploring, the player sometimes has to fight Team Skull. Team Skull are a group of people who want to destroy things and cause trouble. And some Pokémon have a special Alolan form!


Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern

Johann Georg, Prince von Hohenzollern ("Johann Georg Carl Leopold Eitel-Friedrich Meinrad Maria Hubertus Michael"; 31 July 1932 – 2 March 2016) was a German prince. Through his marriage to Princess Birgitta of Sweden, he was brother-in-law of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.

Prince Johann Georg was the sixth child of Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern (30 August 1891 – 6 February 1965) and his wife Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony (24 January 1900 – 16 October 1962).

Goerg died on 2 March 2016 in Munich. He was 83 years old.

Stuart Beck

Stuart Jay Beck (December 23, 1946 – March 1, 2016) was an American law practitioner and a diplomat for Palau.

Beck was born in Manhattan. He was raised in Brooklyn.

As a lawyer, Beck helped negotiate the Compact of Free Association, which established Palau as an independent nation in free association with the United States in 1994. He was granted honorary citizenship.

In 2003, he accepted the job as Palau's first Permanent Representative to the United Nations. He had this job until 2013. In 2013, he was appointed as Palau's first ever United Nations Ambassador for Oceans and Seas.

Beck died of kidney cancer on March 1, 2016 in Manhattan, at the age of 69.

Wage

A wage is money that is paid by an employer to an employee in exchange for work. The amount may be fixed for each task completed (this is called piece rate); or it may be based on time or other measurable quantity of work done.

Work for wages is the most common form of work. Because of this, the term "wage" sometimes refers to all forms of employee payment. However, a wage is different to a salary or commission. A salary is where the employer pays an arranged amount at regular intervals (such as a week or month) regardless of hours worked or amount of work done. Commission is usually an extra payment based on the performance of the worker or product. Waged employees may also receive "tips" paid directly by clients. They will usually not get the same benefits as those paid with a salary, such as annual leave and sick leave.

Wages are usually paid by the hour. This is called an hourly wage. Wages paid by the day are still common. Wage rates may be influenced by market forces (supply and demand), laws, and tradition. Market forces are perhaps more dominant in the United States, while tradition, social structure and seniority, perhaps play a greater role in Japan. In many countries, laws set a minimum wage that all employers must pay their workers. This means that employers cannot pay workers a lower rate than the minimum wage; however, they can pay them a higher rate. The minimum wage rate is there to protect the working class.

Wages were paid in the Middle Kingdom of Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece, and Ancient Rome.


Aubrey McClendon

Aubrey Kerr McClendon (July 14, 1959 – March 2, 2016) was an American businessman. He was the founder and chief executive officer of American Energy Partners. He was also the co-founder and retired chief executive officer and chairman of Chesapeake Energy. He was an outspoken supporter for natural gas as a cleaner and safer alternative to oil and coal fuels. He was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

McClendon was a part-owner of the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and was part of the ownership that moved the team to Oklahoma City in 2008.

On March 1, 2016, McClendon was charged by the United States Department of Justice of conspiring "to rig bids for the purchase of oil and natural gas leases in northwest Oklahoma". He died the following day in a car crash near Oklahoma City. He was 56 years old.

Dionysian Mysteries

The Dionysian Mysteries were a ritual of ancient Greece and Rome celebrating Dionysus. The ritual involved intoxicants (like alcohol) and dancing to music to remove inhibitions and social constraints. It gave freedom to those marginalized by Greek society such as women, slaves and foreigners.

Fetty Wap

Willie Junior Maxwell II (born June 7, 1991), better known as Fetty Wap, is an American rapper and singer. He became famous after his first single "Trap Queen", reached number two on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May 2015. This helped Wap secure a record deal with 300 Entertainment. He later released two Top 10 singles in the U.S., "679" and "My Way". Wap's self titled first album was released in September 2015. It reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart.

Fetty Wap's commercial first single, titled "Trap Queen", was released in early 2014. He recorded the song in February 2014. However, it did not gain major recognition until mid-November 2014. Since then, it has become a platinum record and has over 130 million plays on SoundCloud. In November 2014, Wap secured a recording contract with 300 Entertainment. The label was founded by Lyor Cohen, Kevin Liles, Roger Gold and Todd Moscowitz, as well as a distribution deal with Atlantic Records. The song "Trap Queen" is about a woman dealing and cooking crack cocaine. His first mixtape, "Fetty Wap: The Mixtape" was originally set for release in February 2015. It was delayed because he continued to create new songs. In June 2015, Wap was included in "XXL"'s 2015 Freshman Class.

On June 29, 2015, Wap released his second single "679". The song's accompanying music video premiered on YouTube in May, before being commercially released. 679 had an original version with Monty only and an added verse by Wap. The Remy Boyz Version was removed from the album His next single, "My Way", became his second top 10 entry on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Later, Drake remixed My Way and created the version that was then played on radio. Afterwards, "679" reached the Hot 100 Top 10 at number four.

During the week of July 26, 2015 to August 1, 2015, Wap matched Billboard marks by prominent rappers Eminem and Lil Wayne. He became the first male rapper with three songs occupying the top 20 spots on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart since Eminem did so in 2013. He also became the first male rapper in four years to have concurrent singles reach the top 10 of the same chart since Lil Wayne did so in 2011. With his fourth single "Again", Wap became the first act in the Hot Rap Songs chart's 26-year history to chart his first four entries in the top 10 simultaneously.

Wap's first studio album "Fetty Wap" was released on September 25, 2015. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, with 129,000 equivalent album units (75,484 in pure album sales). Wap subsequently released two mixtapes for streaming only: "Coke Zoo" in collaboration with French Montana and "ZOO 16: The Mixtape" with Zoo Gang. Wap received two nominations at the 58th Grammy Awards.

On February 5, 2016, Fetty Wap released a new single titled "Jimmy Choo". On April 26, 2016, it was announced that Fetty Wap would be getting his own mobile racing game available on phone, tablet, and Apple TV starting on May 3. The game is offshoot of mobile game Nitro Nation Stories. A street racing game, it has multi-player, car customization, and different storylines to choose. It has partnered with automotive brands like BMW, Nissan, and Cadillac. The Fetty Wap version will include Wap and Monty into the storyline.

Wap was featured on the group Fifth Harmony's 2016 single "All in My Head (Flex)". He released the single "Wake Up" in April 2016. The official music video for the song was filmed at his alma mater, Eastside High School. His single "Make You Feel Good" was released in August 2016.

On November 21, 2016, he released a 19 track mixtape titled "Zoovier".

His song "Like a Star" features Nicki Minaj. It was released in December 2016.

On January 4, 2017, he released the song "Way You Are" featuring Monty, and the song "Flip Phone" on February 10, 2017. He walked in Philipp Plein's runway show during New York Fashion Week in the same month.

Wap released the single "Aye" on May 12, 2017. He released the mixtape "Lucky No. 7" on June 7, 2017. On August 18, 2017, the single "There She Go" featuring Monty was released. In October 2017, Wap featured in Cheat Codes' single "Feels Great" with CVBZ.

At 1:20 AM on November 2, 2017, Wap was arrested after being pulled over on a Brooklyn highway. He was later charged with reckless endangerment, drunk driving, aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, illegally changing lanes, and drag racing.

On January 19, 2018, Wap released the EP "For My Fans III: The Final Chapter". He released the mixtape "Bruce Wayne" in June 2018.

Fetty Wap is the father of seven children. They include Aydin Zoovier (born 2011) with childhood girlfriend Ariel Reese, Eliza "ZaZa" Zaviera (born 2015) with Lehzae Zeona, Amani (born 2016) with Elaynna Parker, Khari (born 2016) with "" star Masika Kalysha, Lauren (2016-2021) with exotic dancer Turquoise Miami, and Alaiya (born 2018) with ex-girlfriend Alexis Skyy. Lezhae Zeona gave birth to her second child with Fetty in 2018, a boy named Zy.

Wap appeared on the third season on VH1's reality show "". The show documented his strained relationship with Masika. He also appeared on the 9th season of documenting his strained relationship with Alexis Skyy.

In August 2021, Wap's daughter Lauren died.

Kentucky State University

Kentucky State University (KSU) is a public university for men and women. It is in Frankfort, Kentucky. The school was founded in 1886. Its original name was the State Normal School for Colored Persons. 

The university has four colleges. It offers four associate degrees, 55 undergraduate degrees and six post-graduate programs.

Golden Gate (Gdańsk)

The Golden Gate is a historical gate in Gdańsk, Poland. It is a stone building with an archway leading into the Old Town. It was built in 1612. It was created in the place of an older 13th-century Gothic gate called the Brama Długouliczna.

Valley of the Queens

The Valley of the Queens ( ) is a place in Egypt where wives of Pharaohs were buried in ancient times. In ancient times, it was known as Ta-Set-Neferu, meaning –"the place of beauty".

X1:G1-Q1-X1:O1-F35-F35-F35
The reason for choosing the Valley of the Queens as a burial site is not known. The place is near the worker's village in Deir el-Medina and the Valley of the Kings. Another consideration may be the existence of a sacred grotto dedicated to Hathor at the entrance of the Valley. This grotto may be associated with rejuvenation for the dead.

The main wadi contains 91 tombs and nearby valleys add another 19 tombs. 

Emergency department

The emergency department (ED) is a part of a hospital for treating people who have just come to the hospital, need to be treated quickly even without an appointment. These people may have been hurt, or they may have suddenly become very ill.

Patients come to an emergency department with little warning. Many come in an ambulance. Emergency departments often have staff working all day and all night, on every day of the week. This is because patients can arrive at any time. To work in those places, doctors and nurses must be trained in emergency medicine.

There are many different names for an emergency department. They are often called an emergency room (ER), even if they are bigger than one room. They may also be called an emergency ward (EW) or emergency unit. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, they are usually called accident & emergency department (A&E) and less often as a casualty department.

A 2005 patient study found an average emergency room wait time from 2 hours in Iowa to more than 5 hours in Arizona. The Midwest had the highest number of emergency room visits (460 per 1,000 people). The West had the lowest number.

Gynecology

Gynecology (also spelled gynaecology) is the part of medicine that deals with the female reproductive system (vagina, uterus, ovaries) and breasts. Outside medicine, it means "the science of women."

Women have started to outnumber men in the study and practice of gynecology.

Transantarctic Mountains

The Transantarctic Mountains are a mountain range in the continent of Antarctica. It divides the continent into eastern and western region. It extends for over 3200 km.

The Antarctic Peninsula to the west is not part of this range.

Life in the interior of the Transantarctic Range is limited to bacteria, lichens, algae and fungi.

The name "Transantarctic Mountains" was first used in 1960, in a paper by geologist Warren Hamilton.

John Singer Sargent

John Singer Sargent (January 12, 1856 – April 14, 1925) was an American artist. He was the leading portrait painter of his day.

During his career, he created about 900 oil paintings and more than 2,000 watercolors, as well as many sketches and charcoal drawings. He travelled worldwide. His parents were American, but he was trained in Paris, and then moved to London.

His "Portrait of Madame X" resulted in scandal, though today it is hard to see why. She was thought to be somewhat loose sexually. In the original portrait as exhibited, one strap of her gown had fallen down her right shoulder. This suggested to some the possibility of further revelation; "One more struggle", wrote a critic in "Le Figaro", "and the lady will be free".

Sargent visited Spain, studied Diego Velázquez, and was entranced with Spanish music and dance. He understood what the Impressionists were doing, and adopted their habit of painting "en plein-air". He was a big fan of Monet, and bought four of his works. His portrait of Monet shows he understood what was going on in French art at the time.

Sergent kept his American citizenship, and went back there four times. However, he remained living in London to the end of his life.

École nationale de la météorologie

École nationale de la météorologie (ENM, French Meteorology University) is a graduate engineering school in France. It has its own campus and also operates on the French Civil Aviation University campus for aviation activities.

It awards the following French & European degrees :

Classes are mainly in French language. The school has 350 students from a dozen countries. Most of the graduate engineer students live in dedicated housing buildings.

Research at the school relate to the following topics:


Two-body problem

The two-body problem is a problem from classical mechanics: there are two bodies which influence each other. Very often they attract or repel each other. In many cases they rotate. The problem uses bodies which are circles, or spheres. Solving the problem is possible for many situations, but it usually involves higher level mathematics.

When one of the two bodies has a mass that is much smaller, the influence of this smaller body on the larger one is very small, and can be disregarded. In such a case, the problem can be reformulated as a one-centre problem, where there is a stationary big body in the centre, and a small body orbiting around the big one. This setting is very comon. Johannes Kepler was the first person to formulate and solve it. For this reason, it is also known as Kepler problem.

Isaac Newton was the first person to solve to the general two-body problem.

Looking at the generalizations, there are two other problems which are related:

Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twelfth Amendment (Amendment XII) to the United States Constitution was proposed in Congress on December 9, 1803. It was ratified by the state legislatures on June 15, 1804. It provided new procedures for electing the President and Vice President. Before the amendment, each member of the Electoral College cast a single vote. The candidate who received the largest number of votes became the President. The candidate receiving the next highest number of votes became the Vice President. The Twelfth Amendment changed the process to the current system whereby one vote is cast for the President and one for the Vice President.

The Constitutional Convention of 1787 went over several different proposals for electing the President. Some wanted Congress to choose the President. Other suggestions included selection by the state legislatures, by the state governors or by a congressional committee. Near the end of the convention the question was turned over to a committee called the Committee of Eleven for leftover business. They devised a system called the Electoral College. The plan was accepted and was added to the Constitution.

In 1789 the Electoral College unanimously elected George Washington as the first president. He was reelected in 1792. In both cases he was the only president to receive all of the electoral votes. In the 1796 election, Washington declined to run. His Vice President, John Adams, and his running mate Thomas Pinckney ran for President and Vice President respectively. Alexander Hamilton tried to use his influence to get Pinckney more votes, making Adams the Vice President again. But the scheme backfired when Thomas Jefferson got more votes than Pinckney, but Adams won more of the electoral votes. This made Adams the President and Jefferson the Vice President.

The 1800 Presidential election showed the deep problems in the electoral college system. Jefferson ran against Adams again. Both had running mates. Pinckney was again the running mate of Adams for the Federalist Party. Aaron Burr was Jefferson's running mate for the Democratic-Republican Party. Jefferson and Burr received the same number of votes creating a tie between two candidates from the same political party. Under the Constitution, the matter was to be decided by the House of Representatives. In the House, the two tied again in 35 votes. Only on the 36th ballot was the deadlock broken and Jefferson was elected president. 

The solution to the problem became the Twelfth Amendment. It was proposed by Congress on December 9, 1803. Three days later it was submitted to the states for ratification. Fourteen of the seventeen states (at the time) ratified it and the amendment was added to the Constitution on September 25, 1804.

The Electoral College remained much the same under the Twelfth Amendment. But the process for choosing a president and vice president changed. Under the Twelfth Amendment an elector must cast separate votes for the President and Vice President. If nobody gets the majority of the votes, the process remains the same as before; the House of Representatives decides.


South by Southwest

South by Southwest (SXSW) is a set of festivals and conferences. They are about movies, interactive media, and music. It takes place every year in March in Austin, Texas, United States. It began in 1987. It has continued to grow in both scope and size every year.

South by Southwest is run by the company SXSW, Inc.

SXSW Music is the largest music festival in the world. It had more than 2,000 performances in 2014.

In 1987, 700 people attended the music event. In 2009, there were over 32,000 registrants.

Bands must pay for their own travel and lodging at the event. All performers get a cash payment ($100 for solo musicians or $250 for bands) or a wristband that gives them access to all music events.

SXSW Film Conference lasts for five days. There are speakers, workshops, mentor sessions and more, with expert filmmakers and industry leaders.

In 2015, there were over 250 sessions with 735 speakers. Important speakers in the past include Lena Dunham, Jon Favreau, Mark Duplass, Ava DuVernay, Ryan Gosling, Nicolas Cage, Alejandro Jodorowsky, Tilda Swinton, Amy Schumer, Sally Field, Joss Whedon, Christine Vachon, RZA, Matthew McConaughey, Danny Boyle, Seth MacFarlane, Catherine Hardwicke, Richard Linklater, David Gordon Green, Harmony Korine, Henry Rollins, Sarah Green and Robert Rodriguez.

The SXSW Film Festival runs nine days. The SXSW Film Awards is on the last day of the Film Conference.

In 2015, the SXSW Film Festival showed 150 feature movies and 106 short movies. They were selected from 7,361 submissions. Past movies that premiered at SXSW include "Furious 7", "Neighbors", "Chef", "21 Jump Street", "The Cabin in the Woods", "Bridesmaids" and "Insidious", and the TV series "Girls", "Silicon Valley" and "Penny Dreadful".

Although the film festival often shows independently produced movies, studios have often shown their comedies there before they are released. They do this to get an idea of how popular the movie will be in theaters.

SXSW Interactive is about new technology. The festival includes a trade show, speakers, parties, and a startup accelerator. According to a festival organizer Louis Black, SXSW Interactive "has probably been the biggest of its kind in the world" since 2007.


Optimization (disambiguation)

Optimization or optimisation may refer to:

Janusz Bolonek

Januariusz Mikołaj "Janusz" Bolonek (6 December 1938 – 2 March 2016) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Huta Dłutowska, Poland. He worked in diplomacy for the Pope. Among other positions, has served as nuntius in Uruguay, Bulgaria, Romania, and in North Macedonia.

Bolonek was made a priest in 1961 in Łódź, Poland. He retired as Apostolic Nuncio in 2013. He died in Łódź on 2 March 2016 of cancer. He was aged 77.

Benoît Lacroix

Benoît Lacroix (8 September 1915 – 2 March 2016) was a Canadian theologian, philosopher, and Dominican priest. He was a professor in Medieval studies and historian of the Mediaeval period at the Université de Montréal. He was the author of almost 50 works and a great number of articles. He was born in Saint-Michel-de-Bellechasse, Quebec.

Lacroix died in Quebec on 2 March 2016 from problems caused by pneumonia. He was 100 years old.

Ashok Ghosh

Ashok Ghosh (2 July 1921 – 3 March 2016) was an Indian Bengali politician. He was the senior leader of All India Forward Bloc political party. He held the position of the state general secretary of Forward Bloc in West Bengal from 1946 until his death in 2016.

Ghosh died in Kolkata from multiple organ failure on 3 March 2016. He was 94 years old.

Natalia Krachkovskaya

Natalia Leonidovna Krachkovskaya (, maiden name - Belogortseva, 24 November 1938 – 3 March 2016) was a Soviet and Russian actress. She was awarded the Meritorious Artist in 1998. She was born in Moscow. She became famous during the 1970s with roles in the movies "The Twelve Chairs" and "".

Krachkovskaya died on 3 March 2016 in a hospital in Moscow from a heart attack. She was aged 77.

École nationale supérieure de Bordeaux

The École nationale supérieure d'électronique, informatique, télécommunications, mathématiques et mécanique de Bordeaux (ENSEIRB - MATMECA) is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus at Talence (West France).

It awards the following French & European degree :

Classes are mainly in French and English. The school has 1200 students from a dozen nationalities. Most of the first year students at ENSEIRB-MATMECA live in dedicated housing buildings nearby research labs.

Research activities at ENSEIRB - MATMECA relate to the following topics:


Arjun Bijlani

Arjun Bijlani (born 31 October 1982) is an Indian television actor. He played Aalekh in "Right Left" and Mayank Sharma in "Miley Jab Hum Tum". His other work includes "Jo Biwi Se Kare Pyaar". In April 2015, Bijlani played Shikhar Mehra in "Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi". He plays the lead role of Hritikh in the television drama "Naagin".

Bijlani was born on 31 October 1982. He has appeared in many advertisements, including LG, Samsung and BPL Mobile. He has been in many music videos. He was in "Kartika", a Disney Channel show, with Jennifer Winget. He has been in many serials, including "Miley Jab Hum Tum,Pardes Mein Mila Koi Apna". He also hosted a show named "Road Diaries".

He is married to Neha Swami and they have one children Ayaan Bijlani.


Torres Strait Islands

The Torres Strait Islands are a group of at least 274 small islands in the Torres Strait. Most of the islands are part of the state of Queensland, Australia. A small number are part of Papua New Guinea. 

The indigenous people of the islands are Torres Strait Islanders. In 2011, the population was 4,248. The island with the most people is Thursday Island.

Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Adopted on March 30, 1870, the Fifteenth Amendment (Amendment XV) to the United States Constitution granted African-American men the right to vote. It was one of the Reconstruction Amendments.

Nowhere in the original Constitution or the Bill of Rights were Americans given the right to vote. The Fifteenth Amendment gave African-American men the right to vote. But not until the 1960s did judicial interpretation of the Fourteenth Amendment conclude the right to vote was a fundamental right of all citizens.

The reasons behind the omissions of voting rights in the Bill of Rights and Constitution is that including them would have been too controversial at the time. Each state had different rules for who could vote. Some allowed free blacks the right to vote. Others allowed women the right to vote. A few states required ownership of property in order to vote.

In the Election of 1868, Republican Party candidate, Ulysses S. Grant, won the presidency by only a narrow majority of the popular vote. He received support from free black voters in the South. Without that support, he probably would have lost the election. At the time blacks could not vote in the Northern states. The Republican party needed help to stay in power and thought that black votes would help. At the time Republicans controlled both the Senate and House. The proposed amendment was passed by Congress in 1869 and sent to the states for ratification. It was quickly ratified by three-quarters of the states in early 1870. Part of the reason why is that Republicans also controlled the state governments in the South. Southern Democrats were not able to block the measure.

After passage, the Fifteenth Amendment did not have much of any impact on black voting in the South for nearly a century. Southerners used various methods including terrorism, poll taxes and grandfather clauses to prevent blacks from voting. Congress and the Supreme Court repeatedly struck down voting restrictions. For example, in a landmark decision in "Smith v. Allwright" (1944), The Court decision made it unconstitutional to keep African-Americans from voting in a Democratic Party primary in Texas. Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1957 which stated that all Americans had the right to vote, including African-Americans. But overcoming these problems on a case-by-case basis was proving to be unsuccessful. As soon as one form of discrimination was stopped, a new one appeared in its place. The Voting Rights Act of 1965, removed further barriers to minorities voting. It was amended five times by Congress to extend its protections as needed.


Solar eclipses on Mars

The two moons of Mars—Phobos and Deimos—are much smaller than the Moon, greatly reducing solar eclipses on that planet.

Phobos is only 20 by 25 km (12 by 16 mi) and has a rapid orbital motion, so someone on Mars would only see the solar eclipse for no longer than about thirty seconds. Phobos also takes only 7 hours 39 minutes to orbit Mars, while a Martian day is 24 hours 37 minutes long, meaning that Phobos can create two eclipses per Martian day. 

Deimos is too small, 15 by 10 km (9.3 by 6.2 mi), to cause an eclipse. The best someone on Mars would see would be a small object passing the Sun.

Both moons are too small to cast a shadow on Mars that can be seen from Earth. However, since the creation of artificial satellites, the shadow of Phobos on Mars has been seen.

War of the Oranges

The War of the Oranges, or the War of the grapefruit was a brief conflict in Alentjo in 1801. French and Spanish troops invaded Portugal. Portugal was the last British ally in Europe. Napoleon and the Spanish prime minister and Generalissimo Manuel de Godoy demanded that she break her alliance with Britain. When the Portuguese refused they invaded. While laying siege to Elvas Godoy picked oranges from the outside of Elvas and sent them to the Queen of Spain, Maria Luisa, possibly his lover, with the message that he would go on to Lisbon. Thus, the conflict became known as the "War of the Oranges".

On 6 June 1801 Portugal agreed to the Treaty of Badajoz. Portugal agreed to close its ports to English ships, to give commercial concessions to France, to cede Olivenza to Spain and to pay an indemnity.

Deadpool (movie)

Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero comedy movie. It is based on the Marvel Comics's character Deadpool. The movie was directed by Tim Miller and it was produced by Simon Kinberg, Ryan Reynolds, and Lauren Shuler Donner. It was Miller's first movie as a director. A sequel movie titled "Deadpool 2" was released in 2018.

"Deadpool" was first premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on February 8, 2016. It was released in North America on February 12, 2016. Principal photography for the movie started in Vancouver on March 23, 2015 and ended on May 29, 2015.

Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a former Special Forces operative who now works as a mercenary. His world comes crashing down when evil scientist Ajax (Ed Skrein) tortures, disfigures and transforms him into Deadpool. The rogue experiment leaves Deadpool with accelerated healing powers and a twisted sense of humor. With help from mutant allies Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), Deadpool uses his new skills to hunt down the man who nearly destroyed his life.


The movie got positive reviews from critics and audiences. It has a 83% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" said that the movie was "party time for action junkies" and also that Reynolds may have found the role that defines his career.


Bud Collins

Arthur Worth "Bud" Collins, Jr. (June 17, 1929 – March 4, 2016) was an American journalist and television sportscaster. He was best known for his tennis commentary. Collins was born in Lima, Ohio. For several years with the "Boston Globe", he was a general and political columnist. In 1967, he was a candidate for mayor of Boston.

Collins died on March 4, 2016 in Brookline, Massachusetts. He was aged 86.


Sophie Dessus

Sophie Dessus (24 September 1955 – 3 March 2016) was a French Socialist politician. She was born in Suresnes, France. She represented Corrèze's First Constituency in the National Assembly, the first woman to represent Corrèze in the National Assembly. She served from 20 June 2012 until her death in 3 March 2016.

Dessus died in Limoges, France of cancer on 3 March 2016. She was aged 60.


Abbas Vaez-Tabasi

Ayatollah Abbas Vaez Tabasi (, 25 June 1935 – 4 March 2016) was an Iranian cleric. He holds memberships at different institutions. He was the Grand Imam and Chairman of the Astan Quds Razavi board from 1979 until his death in 2016. He was born in Tabas, Mashhad.

Tabasi died from respiratory failure in Mashhad, Iran on 4 March 2016. He had lung cancer. Tabasi was aged 80.


P. A. Sangma

Purno Agitok (P. A.) Sangma (1 September 1947 – 4 March 2016) was an Indian politician. He was born in Assam, India. He served as the Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 1996 to 1998 and Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 1988 to 1990.

Sangma died on 4 March 2016 in New Delhi, India from a heart attack. He was aged 68.

Hayabusa (wrestler)

Ezaki debuted for New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) at the 1994 Super J Cup, losing in the first round to Jushin Thunder Liger. He started wrestling under the Hayabusa gimmick in 1993 while he was working in Mexico.

In October 2001, Ezaki suffered a career-ending injury when he tried to perform a springboard moonsault off the middle rope, lost his footing, landed on his head, and cracked two of his vertebrae which left him paralyzed. In 2015, Ezaki had regained the use of his legs and was able to stand on his own and walk with a cane.

On 3 April 2015, Hayabusa took part in a press conference which announced the return of FMW. He had served as the executive producer of the promotion.

On 3 March 2016, Ezaki died from a subarachnoid hemorrhage at age 47. He was found dead in his home by the owner of a tavern that he was supposed to do a small concert for that day, but did not show up.

Mandalay

Mandalay ( or ; ) is a city in Myanmar. There is only one city in Myanmar that has more people than Mandalay. It is north of Yangon. Mandalay is on the east side of the Irrawaddy River. In 2014, there were 1,225,553 people living there.

The name "Mandalay" comes from the nearby hill called Mandalay Hill. "Mandalay" may come from the Pali language. Some people think that the name "Mandalay" comes from the Pali word "mandala". Other people think that the name comes from "Mount Mandara". Mandar is a mountain in Hindu mythology.

The original name of the city was Yadanabon (, ). This name came from the Pali word "Ratanapūra" (). "Ratanapūra" means "City of Gems." The city also had another name: Lay Kyun Aung Myei (, ). This means "Victorious Land over the Four Islands."

Mandalay was started by King Mindon. He started the city on 13 February 1857. He built Mandalay as the new capital city of the Kingdom of Burma.

Mindon's city was in size. There were rivers on each side. It had 144 square blocks in a grid. In the middle was a palace that was 16 square blocks in size.

The palace had four walls that were each long. Around the walls was a moat that was wide and deep. Each wall had turrets (towers) for watchmen. These turrets were placed every . Each turret had a spire made of gold. Each side had three gates and five bridges across the moat.

The king also built some other buildings in the city. These buildings were the Kuthodaw Pagoda, the "Pahtan-haw Shwe Thein" upasampada hall, the "Thudamma" "Good Dharma" zayats (), and a library for the Pāli Canon. A "zayat" is a building where Buddhism is taught.

In June 1857, the king moved the royal palace to Mandalay. The palace had been in Amarapura. The building was taken apart. Each piece was moved by elephants to Mandalay. The palace was put back together and finished on 23 May 1859. The palace is now at the bottom of Mandalay Hill.

Mandalay was the capital for 26 years. It was the last royal capital of the Konbaung Dynasty. (The Konbaung Dynasty were the last rulers of the Kingdom of Burma before it was taken over by the British Empire.) On 28 November 1885, the British conquered Burma. This ended the Third Anglo-Burmese War. King Thibaw Min and Queen Supayalat were sent into exile.

Mandalay was still an important city in British Burma. The city of Rangoon became the capital of Burma.

The British wanted to make Mandalay an important commercial city. They did not want it to be important for politics, education, or other reasons. Mandalay was connected to Yangon by railroad in 1889. The first college in Mandalay wasn't built until 1925.

The royal palace was looted by the British. All of the treasures were stolen. Some treasures can be seen in the Victoria and Albert Museum. The British changed the name of the palace to Fort Dufferin. British soldiers used the palace as a barracks (a place to camp.)

Mandalay was the most important city for Burmese culture during the time the British were in charge. It was also the most important place for Buddhist learning. The Burmese people saw Mandalay as a symbol. Between World War I and World War II, there were many protests in Mandalay against the British.

During the time the British were in charge, many people moved to Mandalay from India. (India was also a British colony.) From 1904 to 1905, a plague happened. About one third of the people of Mandalay left to get away from the disease.

During World War II, Mandalay was bombed by the Japanese. The British moved all of their airplanes to India. Mandalay had no defenses against the Japanese air raids. On 3 April 1942, the Imperial Japanese Army Air Service bombed the city. Three-fifths (3/5) of the houses were destroyed. More than 2,000 civilians (people who are not military) were killed.

The Japanese soon invaded Burma. The Imperial Japanese Army took over the city of Mandalay. They were in charge from May 1942 until March 1945. The palace citadel was made into a supply depot. (A supply depot is a building that stores supplies like food and machines.)

The Allied forces bombed the city after the Japanese took it over. Much of the palace was destroyed. Only the royal mint and watch tower were not destroyed. The palace was rebuild in the 1990s.

In 1948, the British left Burma. Mandalay was still the most important city for culture, education, and commerce in Upper Burma.

Until the 1990s, most students went to university in Mandalay. Until 1991, there were only three universities in Upper Burma: Mandalay University, The University of Medicine, Mandalay, and the Defense Services Academy. All of these universities are in Mandalay. Only some other cities had schools called "Degree Colleges." These were small schools that were part of Mandalay University. These colleges had classes in a small number of subjects.

From 1962 to 1988, Ne Win was in charge of the government. He was very isolationist. This means that he did not want Myanmar to be part of global trade or tourism. In the 1980s, Mandalay was the second biggest city in Myanmar. It looked like a town with low buildings, dusty streets, and more bicycles than cars.

During the 1980s, there were two big fires. In May 1981, a fire destroyed more than 6,000 buildings. 36,000 people were left homeless. On 24 March 1984, there was another fire. This fire destroyed 2,700 buildings. 23,000 more people were made homeless.

Fires are still a big problem. In February 2008, there was another big fire in Mandalay. It destroyed the Yadanabon Market. This was the second-biggest market in the city. In February 2009, a fire destroyed 320 houses. More than 1,600 people were made homeless.

The fires during the 1980s destroyed a lot of buildings. This made a lot of land empty. Many Chinese people in Burma bought this land. A lot of these people had come from Yunnan in China. Many Chinese people came to Upper Burma and Mandalay from Yunnan and Sichuan in the 1990s. 250,000 to 350,000 people from Yunnan came to Mandalay in the 1990s. Today, about 30% to 40% of the people of Mandalay are Chinese. The native Burmese people complain that Mandalay is now like a part of China.

The Chinese have rebuilt the parts of the city that burned down. They built apartment buildings, hotels, and shopping centers. They helped make Mandalay again an important city for trade and commerce. It now connects trade for Upper Burma, Lower Burma, China, and India.

Mandalay has grown much bigger over time. It now includes what used to be Amarapura. (Amarapura was where King Mindon's capital city used to be before he moved it to Mandalay.) Mandalay celebrated its 150th birthday on 15 May 2009 at 4:31:36 am.

There are many important places and buildings in Mandalay.

The royal palace in Mandalay is a very important building. A lot of it was burned down during World War II. The royal mint and watch tower did not burn down. The rest of the buildings were rebuilt.

The Mandalay Palace's name in Burmese is "Mya Nan San Kyaw" ( ; "The Famed Royal Emerald Palace"). It is also called (), or the "Great Golden Royal Palace".

Today the palace is an important symbol of Mandalay. Many tourists and visitors come to see it.

The Atumashi Monastery is a Buddhist monastery. A monastery is a building where monks (holy men) live, work, and pray. This place is a "kyaung", a special kind of monastery. The name means "inimitable "vihara"."

The monastery burned down in 1890. Only the plinth (bottom platform) did not burn. The government decided to rebuild the monastery. They started building on 2 May 1995. It was finished being built in June of 1996.

Mandalay Hill is a big hill in Mandalay. It is a holy hill. There is a legend about the hill. The Buddha visited the hill and made a prophecy. He said that some day a great city would be built at the bottom of the hill.

The hill is tall. There is a road to the top. There are many temples, monasteries, and pagodas built on the hill.
The Kuthodaw Pagoda is a very large pagoda. It was built by King Mindon in 1857. It was designed to look like the Shwezigon Pagoda in Nyaung U.

There are 729 rocks around the pagoda. Each rock is smooth and has writing on it. The writing are the words of the "Tipiṭaka". (The "Tipiṭaka" are the Buhhdist holy books.) These stone rocks are the "world's largest book."

The Mahamuni Buddha Temple is one of the most important Buddhist temples. It has an important Buddha statue. The statue was made during the life of the Gautama Buddha. The Gauthama Buddha hugged the statue seven times. This caused the statue to come to life.

Buddhists believe that the statue is alive because of this. They call it the Mahamuni Sacred Living Image. This makes the Mahamuni Temple the most holy pagoda in Mandalay.

The temple was built by King Bodawpaya in 1784. The Buddha is sitting. It is tall.

Near the bottom of Mandalay Hill is the Kyauktawgyi Pagoda. It was built by King Mindon from 1853 to 1878. It was carved out of one big block of marble. Around it are 80 arahants.

The Yadanabon Zoological Garden is a small zoo in Mandalay. It is in between the palace and Mandalay Hill. It is the only zoo in the world that has Burmese roofed turtles.

The Shwenandaw Monastery (, ; lit. "Golden Palace Monastery") is an important Buddhist monastery. It was built by King Thibaw Min in 1880. It is made from teak, a kind of wood. Inside of it are many carvings on the walls and roofs. The carvings show Buddhist myths.

In 2007, the United Nations (UN) guessed that there were about 1 million people living in Mandalay. In 2014, the Myanmar government counted all of the people in the country for a census. They found that there were 1,225,133 people living in Mandalay then. The UN thinks that there will be 1.5 million people in Mandalay in 2025.

Mandalay has always been an important city for the Bamar people. Most of the people who have lived in Mandalay are Burman people. Lots of Chinese people have been moving to Mandalay. The Chinese have been coming for the past 20 years. Now there are more Chinese people than Burman people in Mandalay.

Today, 40-50% of the people in Mandalay are Chinese. About 30% of Mandalay's people are Yunnanese. The rest of the people in Mandalay are probably Burman. There are also a lot of Burmese Indians in Mandalay. (These are Indian people who live in Myanmar.)

People in Mandalay speak the Burmese language. A lot of people also speak the Standard Chinese language. The Chinese language is used a lot in markets like Zegyo Market. People who have a lot of money and education also speak the English language.

Mandalay is in the country of Myanmar. It is by the side of the Irrawaddy river. Its coordinates are 21.98° North, 96.08° East.

The city is above sea level. It is in the same time zone as the rest of Mandalay: Myanmar Standard Time (MST), .

Mandalay is on a tectonic fault. This means that there are two tectonic plates that come together underneath the city. (A "tectonic plate" is a big piece of earth.) The tectonic fault underneath Mandalay is called the Sagaing Fault. It is where the India Plate and the Sunda Plate meet.

A lot of earthquakes happen on tectonic faults. The biggest earthquake in Mandalay happened in 1956. That one was a magnitude 7 earthquake. That earthquake did a lot more damage to the city of Sagaing, which is nearby. It is now called the "Great Sagaing Quake."

Mandalay has a tropical savanna climate. This means that the city has a wet season and a dry season. There is a lot of rain during the wet season. There is very little rain during the dry season. The wet season is from May to October. The dry season is from November to April.

The coldest month is January. The average temperature is . The hottest month is April. Then, the average temperature is .

It is very hot in April and May. Most days it is hotter than . Some days it is hotter than .

The hottest temperature ever in Mandalay was . The coldest temperature ever was .

There are some important books and poems that talk about Mandalay. Some of these are famous.

Rudyard Kipling wrote a poem called "Mandalay." He wrote it in 1890. This poem has a famous saying in it: "on the road to Mandalay."

In 1907, Oley Speaks wrote a song using the words of the poem. He called the song "On the Road to Mandalay." The song is very famous. Frank Sinatra sang the song and called it "Come Fly with Me".

George Orwell wrote a novel called "Burmese Days". He wrote it in 1934. Orwell was part of the Indian Imperial Police. He was stationed in Mandalay. The novel is about his experiences (what he did and saw.) He also wrote some non-fiction essays and short stories. Some of these are "A Hanging" (1931) and "Shooting an Elephant" (1936).

Mandalay has three twin towns:


Act of Congress

An Act of Congress is a statute enacted by the United States Congress according to the powers granted to it by the Constitution of the United States. The term can be used in other countries with a legislature called a "Congress," such as the Congress of the Philippines. But most often the term is associated with the United States Congress. In the US, there are several steps from a bill or resolution becoming a law. It must first be passed by a majority of both of the houses of Congress. Then the bill or resolution is sent to get signed by the President. It becomes an Act of Congress by either the president's signature or, if the President does not return the bill or resolution within ten days.

Senators and Representatives create thousands of written proposals each year for new laws. Called bills, only a few few ever make it all the way through the process to become a law. The Constitution requires only three steps: passing the House, passing the Senate and approval by the President. The actual process has become much more complicated. 

A bill may be proposed by anyone but only a member of Congress, called the bill's sponsor, may introduce them on the floor of one of the houses of Congress. A bill may be introduced in both the Senate and House at the same time. In theory, this saves time over sending it though one house, then the other. In each house of Congress, a bill is sent to a committee. A committee studies the bill and recommends changes. If a committee does nothing, the bill is considered "dead". A committee may also add other unrelated provisions to a bill called amendments. Committees usually divide themselves into smaller groups called subcommittees. The bill's sponsors then try to convince the subcommittees to approve the bill. They do this through hearings. If the bill passes through a committee it is sent to the floor for debate and a vote. A bill may either be passed by be defeated. If passed, it is sent to the other house of Congress to follow the same procedures.

In addition to bills, Congress also passes Acts of Congress called resolutions. There are three kinds: simple resolutions, joint resolutions and concurrent resolutions.

These are resolutions concerning the operation of either house of Congress. They are not sent to the President for his approval. Resolutions by the House of Representatives which affect that house are designated "H.Res." followed by a number. Simple resolutions in the Senate are designated "S. Res." followed by a number.

A joint resolution may start either in the House or Senate. They are essentially the same as a bill. The only difference is a joint resolution that proposes an amendment to the US Constitution. They require a two-thirds majority vote in each house. Like a simple resolution, they are not sent to the President for his signature. They become effective when they are ratified by three-quarters of the states. A joint resolution that began in the House of Representatives is designated "H.J.Res." followed by the number. A joint resolution started in the Senate is designated "S.J.Res.", followed by the number. Joint resolutions become law the same as bills.

Concurrent resolutions start with either "S.Con.Res." (Senate) or "H.Con.Res." (House). They are numbered consecutively as they are introduced. Concurrent resolutions are those that affect the operations of both the House and Senate. They can also be used to create a temporary joint committee. Concurrent resolutions are not sent to the president for his signature and do not have the force of law.


Jeff Weaver (political staffer)

Jeffrey "Jeff" P. Weaver (born 1966) is an American political adviser. He was the campaign manager for the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign in 2016. Weaver served as the campaign manager during Bernie Sanders' successful Senate run in 2006. Weaver also served as chief of staff in Sanders’ House and Senate offices.

Weaver was born in St. Albans, Vermont. He studied at Boston University, the University of Vermont, and Georgetown University.

Asta Nielsen

Asta Nielsen (11 September 1881 – 24 May 1972) was a Danish silent movie actress. She was very popular in the 1910s. She was one of the first international movie stars. Nielsen was in 74 movies. 70 were in Germany where she was known simply as "Die Asta" ("The Asta"). She had large dark eyes, a face like a mask and a figure like a boy. Nielsen most often played strong and passionate women trapped by tragic lives. Her performances were erotic so Nielsen's movies were heavily censored in the United States. Therefore, she was not very famous there. Nielsen started her own movie studio in Berlin in the 1920s. She went back to Denmark in 1937 after Nazism became a problem. Later in life, Nielsen became a collage artist and an author.

F. Lee Bailey

Francis Lee Bailey Jr., commonly referred to as F. Lee Bailey, (June 10, 1933 – June 3, 2021) was an American criminal-defense lawyer. Bailey was born in Waltham, Massachusetts. He worked in Massachusetts and Florida.

Bailey represented Doctor Sam Sheppard on appeal after Sheppard was convicted of murdering his wife. Bailey managed to get Sheppard a retrial, in which Bailey was successful in getting Sheppard acquitted. Bailey was the lead lawyer in successfully defending in the court martial for the My Lai Massacre. Bailey, along with others, successfully defended O. J. Simpson in the trial where Simpson was accused of murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown.

In 2014, the Maine State Bar Association and the Maine Supreme Judicial Court denied Bailey's petition to have his law license reinstated.

Bailey died in Atlanta, Georgia on June 3, 2021, one week before his 88th birthday.

Stuffed animal fetishism

Stuffed animal fetishism (or "plushophilia") is a sexual attraction to stuffed animals. People who have this fetish are sometimes called "plushies". People who have a stuffed animal fetish are sometimes thought of as furries.

Albert Einstein Square

Albert Einstein Square (, "Kikar Albert Einstein") is a public square in Jerusalem, Israel. it is located in the entrance of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities at the Talbiya neighborhood in Jerusalem.

Albert Einstein visited Palestine in 1923 for 12 days. He gave the first lecture at the Mount Scopus campus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

Einstein was in favor of the Hebrew University, as well as Zionism and education in general. This is the reason the square is named for him. Also, a statue of Einstein is nearby in the gardens of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on February 3, 1913, the Sixteenth Amendment (Amendment XVI) to the United States Constitution allows the Congress to impose a federal income tax. This allows the federal government to collect a tax on personal income, no matter where that income came from. The Sixteenth Amendment overturned the 1895 Supreme Court landmark decision in "Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co". In "Pollock", the Court ruled that a 2 percent tax on incomes over $4,000 was unconstitutional. This was because the law the ruling struck down did not allow for apportionment, the court ruled against it. The Sixteenth Amendment allowed Congress to levy a uniform direct income tax without being subject to apportionment.

When the framers of the Constitution were determining how the new government would be funded, they were trying to avoid a tax based on a person's income. In the Constitution, Article one, Sections 2 and 9 created the "rule of apportionment". On a practical basis this required Congress to tax the states based on each state's population instead of a tax on each person's income or property. For example, if a state made up four percent of the total population, they would be required to pay four percent of the total federal tax. The framers of the Constitution expected direct taxes to be used and defined the term broadly. However, they did not see that apportionment would cripple any attempt to collect direct taxes.

Before 1913, the bulk of federal revenues came from indirect taxes on goods. These include tariffs on goods imported into the country. They also included excise taxes on items like whiskey. Income taxes were not new in 1913. Congress had passed the Revenue Act of 1861 during the Civil War to help pay for the war. Ten years later it was allowed to lapse. The Confederate States of America also had an income tax. Starting in 1863, the tax exempted the first $1,000 and charged a 1% tax on the first $1,500 over the exemption. A 2% tax was levied on all income over that amount.

In 1894, Congress passed the Wilson–Gorman Tariff Act which included a flat rate federal income tax of 2 percent. A year later, the Supreme Court handed down their decision in "Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co.". They ruled the tax unconstitutional because it was a direct tax and not apportioned to the population of each state.

On June 16, 1909, President Taft sent a message to the Senate which read:

The largest and most direct effect of the passage of the Sixteenth Amendment was it shifted power from the states to the national government. States had income taxes before the national government did. This kept the national government weaker due to having less revenue than the states. Without the Sixteenth Amendment, the national government would find it far more difficult to extend its military power to other parts of the world.

Def Jam Vendetta

Def Jam Vendetta is a 2003 professional wrestling video game published by Electronic Arts and developed by AKI Corporation and EA Canada. It was released for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube. "Def Jam Vendetta" was released on March 31, 2003 in North America, May 23, 2003 in PAL regions, and on August 21, 2003 in Japan. It featured hip hop musicians from the Def Jam Records label as fighters. The engine for the game was first designed for a sequel to EA's "WCW Mayhem", but EA lost their WCW license when WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 2001.

IGN rated the game a 8.9 out of 10. Jon Robinson of IGN said that the multiplayer was "smooth" and "slick". GameSpot rated the game 8.4 out of 10. Alex Navarro of GameSpot said "As a wrestling game, Def Jam Vendetta manages to succeed on most every level, providing surprisingly deep gameplay, quality graphics and sound, and a distinctive atmosphere".

Hassan al-Turabi

Hassan 'Abd Allah al-Turabi (c.1932 – 5 March 2016) was a Sudanese religious and Islamist political leader in Sudan. He has been called "one of the most important figures in modern Sudanese politics". He was born in Kassala, Sudan. Al-Turabi was leader of what was called the National Islamic Front (NIF). He served as Speaker of the National Assembly serving from 1996 through 1999. He later served as Secretary General of the Popular Congress Party from 1999 until his death in 2016.

Al-Turabi died in Khartoum, Sudan on 5 March 2016. He was aged 84.

Berta Cáceres

Berta Isabel Cáceres Flores (4 March 1971 – 2 March 2016) was a Honduran environmental activist and indigenous leader of the Lenca people. She was co-founder and coordinator of the Council of Popular and Indigenous Organizations of Honduras (COPINH). She won the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2015.

On March 2, 2016, two armed intruders shot Cáceres to death in her home in La Esperanza, Honduras, after years of threats against her life. She was 44 years old.

Spaghetti strap

A spaghetti strap is a support for clothing with very thin straps. It is often used for garments such as swimwear, camisoles, crop tops, bras, cocktail dresses, and evening gowns.

Alcohol by volume

Alcohol by volume (often shortened to ABV) tells how much ethanol there is in an alcoholic drink. The quantity is measured at a temperature of .
Common levels of alcohol are 3-5 percent for cider, 4-7 percent for beer, and 12-14 percent for wine. Distilled alcoholic drinks ( called spirits) contain more than twenty percent ethanol.

A directive of the European Union of 1976 says that the alcohol content of alcoholic drinks must be measured using the ABV measurement described above.

Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac (1777-1850) and Johann Georg Tralles (1763-1822) developed other means of measuring alcohol content. These units are usually measured in degrees, noted °GL, or °GT. The scale Gay-Lussac developed is almost equal to the ABV scale described above. There may be slight different, because Gay-Lussac measured the alcohol content at 15° centigrade, and not 20°.


Yakutia Airlines

Yakutia Airlines ("Авиакомпания Якутия") is a Russian airline. It started in 1992 with the name "Sakha Avia". In 2002, the name was changed to "Yakutia Airlines". Today, Yakutia goes from Russia to Asia, Europe and the USA.

Barren Island

Barren island is in the Andaman and Nicobar group of islands. India's only active volcano is there.

Hanalei, Hawaii

Hanalei is a census-designated place in Kauai County, Hawaii, United States. The population was 444 at the 2020 census. Hanalei means "lei making" in Hawaiian. "Hanalei" also means "crescent bay," coming from the shape of Hanalei Bay.

Hanalei is located next to Hanalei River on the north shore of the island of Kauai.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Hanalei has a total area of 0.72 square miles (1.86 km), of which 0.68 square miles (1.75 km) is land and 0.04 square miles (0.10 km) is water. The total area is 5.4% water.

People from the Russian Empire lived here in the 19th century. In 1815 the German physician Georg Anton Schäffer, who worked with the Russian-American Company, came to Hanalei to get goods taken by Kaumualii. Schäffer got involved in Hawaiian politics and heard of Kaumualiʻi's plan to take back his kingdom of Kauai from Kamehameha I with the help of the Russian Empire. Kaumualiʻi later signed a "treaty" granting Tsar Alexander I protectorate over Kauai. An area near Hanalei used to be part of Russian America.

At the 2020 census, there were 444 people, 165 households and 113 families residing in Hanalei. The population density was 656 per square mile (253/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 64% White, 12% Asian, 8% Pacific Islander, <2% from other races, and 14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6% of the population.

There were 165 households of which 27% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52% were married couples living together, 18% had a female householder with no husband present, 22% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32% were non-families.

As of 2022, the median household income was $97,292, and the median family income was $95,417. About 6% of families and 7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older.

The climate of Hanalei is mild.

Probability density function

In probability and statistics, a probability density function is a function that characterizes any continuous probability distribution. For a random variable "X", the probability density function of X is sometimes written as formula_1. The integral of the probability density function in the interval formula_2 yields the probability that a given random variable with the given density is contained in the interval provided. By definition, the probability density function is non-negative throughout its domain, on which the integral sums up to 1. 

The probability mass function is to a discrete probability distribution what the probability density function is to a continuous probability distribution. The probability density function is necessary to be able to work with continuous distributions. 

A random variable with a continuous probability distribution can take on any value within that distribution. Casting a dice will give the numbers 1 to 6, with a probability of formula_3, but this is not a continuous function, as only the numbers 1 to 6 are possible. 

In contrast, two people will not have the same height or the same weight. Using a probability density function, it is possible to determine the probability for people between and , or between and , even though there are infinitely many values between these two bounds.

Model airplane

A model airplane is a small sized Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. It may be a replica of an existing airplane or an imaginary aircraft.

Model aircraft are generally divided into two basic types, flying and non-flying. Non-flying models are also called static, display, or shelf models. Flying models range from simple toy gliders to powered scale models. Some can be very large, especially when used to simulate the conditions of a real flight. Static models range from mass-produced toys to highly accurate models used for museum display.

Aircraft manufacturers and researchers use wind tunnel models. They are used for testing new designs and development of new ones. Sometimes only part of the aircraft is modeled.


Heidi Cruz

Heidi Suzanne Cruz (née Nelson; born on August 7, 1972) is an American investment manager at Goldman Sachs. She is the spouse of Republican Texas senator and 2016 U.S. presidential candidate Ted Cruz.

Heidi Suzanne Cruz was born on August 7, 1972 in San Luis Obispo, California, and grew up in a Seventh-day Adventist family. Cruz's interest in politics began when she traveled to Washington, D.C. with her parents when she was 8.

She graduated with a B.A. in Economics and International Relations from Claremont McKenna College in 1994. She was active in Claremont McKenna's Republican group, but was asked to resign after spying on Bill Clinton's campaign for reelection. In 1995, she received a Masters of European Business from Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management in Brussels, Belgium and in 2000, she graduated with a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Heidi married Ted Cruz on May 27, 2001. Heidi met Ted Cruz while the two were working together on George W. Bush's 2000 presidential campaign. In April 2008, Cruz gave birth to her first child, Caroline Camille Cruz. Her second daughter, Catherine Christiane Cruz, was born in 2011.

In 2003, she worked for the Bush administration on economic policy, eventually becoming the director for the Western Hemisphere on the National Security Council under National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice in 2003. She left Washington DC in 2004 to support Ted Cruz's run for elective office in Texas.

Cruz has worked for three investment banks, JP Morgan Chase, Merrill Lynch, and Goldman Sachs.

In 2005, she joined Goldman Sachs, serving as a private wealth manager and is currently the Region Head for the Southwest Region in the Investment Management Division of Goldman Sachs in Houston.

Ted Cruz said that the decision for him to run for president was difficult for his wife, because she was busy with her business career and raising their 2 children. She changed her mind after listening to a CD from her sister-in-law.

Cruz was involved in her husband's run for president. She made a few public appearances without him to help with the campaign. She also ran a lunch for Republican women in Reno, Nevada a few days before the Nevada primary.

Aki Kaurismäki

Aki Kaurismäki (born 4 April 1957 Orimattila, Finland) is a movie director and a screenwriter from Finland. In his movies he shows understanding of people who are not very successful in life. He writes in the style of black comedy.

Kaurismäki made his first movie in 1983. It was based on "Crime and Punishment" by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.

"The Man Without a Past" won the Grand Prix award in the Cannes Film Festival in 2002. It was also an Academy Award nominee for best foreign language movie. The plot is about a man who lost his memory, but gets help from many people whom he meets.

Other Kaurismäki movies include "Leningrad Cowboys Go America" (1989), about a rock and roll band, and "Drifting Clouds" (1996) about how an unemployed couple manages in life.


Aleksis Kivi

Aleksis Kivi , born Alexis Stenvall, (10 October 1834 – 31 December 1872) was a Finnish writer. He wrote plays and poems and the first significant novel in the Finnish language, Seven Brothers (Finnish title: Seitsemän veljestä). He is considered one of the greatest authors in Finland.

Kivi was born in Nurmijärvi. He lived in time when all educated people in Finland spoke Swedish. He was the first professional writer who published his works in Finnish. Kivi, Mikael Agricola and Elias Lönnrot are regarded fathers of a national literature in Finnish.

Kalabhavan Mani

Mani Raman (1 January 1971 – 6 March 2016), commonly referred to by his stage name Kalabhavan Mani, was an Indian movie actor and singer. Mani started his career as a mimicry artist with the Kalabhavan troupe. 

Mani was in over 200 movies. He was known for his character and villain roles. He won the National Film Award and Kerala State Film Award in 1999 for his role as Ramu in "Vasanthiyum Lakshmiyum Pinne Njaanum".He also acted in many Tamil films starring villain role.

Mani died in Kochi, Kerala on 6 March 2016. He had liver disease. Mani was aged 45.

Ray Tomlinson

Raymond Samuel Tomlinson (April 23, 1941 – March 5, 2016) was an American programmer. He created the first email system on the ARPANET system in 1971. He used the @ sign to separate the user from their machine, which has been used in email addresses ever since. He was added into the Internet Hall of Fame. He was born in Amsterdam, New York.

Tomlinson died of a heart attack in Lincoln, Massachusetts. He was aged 74.

Albert Edelfelt

Albert Gustaf Aristides Edelfelt (21 July 1854 – 18 August 1905) was a Finnish painter. He painted a lot of history subjects and portraits.

Edelfelt studied and exhibited in Paris. He was invited to paint portraits of many famous people abroad. This way culture of Finland became famous many years before the country became independent.

Edelfelt was above all a painter, but he also worked as a graphic artist and illustrator. His famous works include the illustrations for Johan Ludvig Runeberg's partiotic collection of poems, the 'Ensign Stål' stories (1894 - 1900).

Reince Priebus

Reinhold Richard "Reince" Priebus ( ; born March 18, 1972) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 27th White House Chief of Staff from January 20, 2017 through July 31, 2017. He has been the chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC) from January 20, 2011 to January 20, 2017.

On November 13, 2016, President-elect of the United States Donald Trump announced that Priebus would serve as his White House Chief of Staff. Since the position does not need a full senate confirmation vote, Priebus became Chief of Staff on January 20, 2017.

On July 28, 2017, Trump fired Priebus with John F. Kelly as White House Chief of Staff, making him the shortest serving Chief of Staff in White House history.

Priebus was born in Dover, New Jersey. He was raised in Netcong, New Jersey and in Wisconsin. Priebus studied at the University of Wisconsin, Whitewater and at the University of Miami.

On December 5, 2010, Priebus stepped down as general counsel for the Republican National Committee (RNC). The next day he sent a letter to all 168 voting members of the RNC announcing his candidacy for chairman. On January 14, 2011, after seven rounds of voting, Priebus was elected chairman of the Republican National Committee.

In December 2015, Priebus publicly criticized then Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's proposal to temporarily suspend Muslim immigration in response to terrorist attacks. "I don't agree", Priebus told "The Washington Examiner".

On November 13, 2016, Trump announced his choice of Priebus for White House Chief of Staff.

He was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence on January 20, 2017.

On July 31, 2017 Priebus was replaced as Chief of Staff by President Trump with John F. Kelly.

In February 2021, it was reported that Priebus was thinking about running for Governor of Wisconsin against Democratic Governor Tony Evers in the 2022 election.

In 1999, Priebus married Sally L. Sherrow, whom he met in church when they were teenagers. They have two children. Priebus is a Greek Orthodox Christian.


Finnhorse

The Finnhorse or Finnish Horse is a horse breed developed in Finland. The Finnhorse is the national horse breed of Finland. It is suitable both for riding and to pull vehicles in races and as a workhorse.

Studbook of Finnhorses was founded 1907. The horse is 156 cm high. It has many colours, but the main colours are brown and black. The Finnhorse has often white markings on the face and the legs.

Kenneth M. Curtis

Kenneth Merwin Curtis (born February 8, 1931) is an American lawyer and former politician. He was born in Leeds, Maine.

Curtis, a member of the Democratic Party. He was the Secretary of State of Maine serving from 1965–1966. He became the 68th Governor in 1967. He held that office until 1975. Curtis served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1977 to 1978. He was the Ambassador to Canada from 1979 to 1981.

Curtis now lives in Florida. He is a superdelegate.


Excise

An excise or excise tax is an indirect tax charged on certain goods. As an indirect tax, they are charged by the producer or the merchant who then has to pay the government. For the same reason they are also not considered a sales tax. Excise taxes are commonly part of the retail price of a product such as gasoline, alcohol or cigarettes. Excise taxes may be charged by both state and federal governments.

Excise taxes are different from sales tax in two important ways. First, excise is charged only on specific goods. Sales tax can apply to most things a person might buy although certain jurisdictions may exempt food or clothing. Excise taxes are usually applied to luxury goods or products linked to health issues such as tanning salons or cigarettes. Secondly, sales tax is charged as a percentage of the purchase price. An excise tax is usually a fixed amount added to the price. It can be hard to tell how much excise tax a person pays because it is part of the purchase price. Sales tax is added to the price and is usually shown on the receipt.

In the United States, excise taxes make up about 4 percent of all federal revenues. This is lower than many other countries. The Constitution refers to excise tax as an indirect tax. Some states in the United States have different names for excise taxes. For example, in the state of Massachusetts the excise tax charged on automobiles is called an "ad valorem tax".


Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on April 8, 1913, the Seventeenth Amendment (Amendment XVII) to the United States Constitution 
changed the method by which United States Senators were elected. For the first 125 years of the Constitution required US Senators to be elected by the state legislatures. A number of problems in the United States Senate created the need to change how Senators were elected from indirect to direct elections by the people of the United States.

When the Constitution was adopted in 1788, Senators were to be elected by the state legislatures. This remained in effect for 125 years. By the late 19th century it became clear there were many problems with this procedure. In addition to long vacancies that lasted for months and even years, political machines had gained control over state legislatures. This corrupted the process and the Senate was seen as a "millionaire's club" who served private interests instead of the people. Beginning in the 1890s, the House of Representatives passed several resolutions for a constitutional amendment which proposed Senators be elected by direct election. The Senate refused to even take a vote on these proposals.

At this point, many states changed their strategy. Article Five of the United States Constitution offers two methods for amending the Constitution. In addition to the common method of a two-thirds vote by both houses of Congress, was another method. It stated that if two-thirds of the state legislatures apply for one, Congress must call a constitutional convention. The method had not been used before. When it appeared two-thirds of the states wanted the change, Congress acted. 

Joint resolution 39 was passed by the House of Representatives in 1911 proposing a constitutional amendment to directly elect US Senators. The Senate accepted the resolution but since it included a change, it went back to the House. The amended Joint resolution was sent to the states for ratification a year later. The required three-quarters of the states ratified the amendment and the Seventeenth Amendment became official on April 8, 1913.

The people of the United States are to elect two Senators from each state, for six years. Each Senator will have one vote in the Senate. There are 100 Senators and 100 votes. "The electors in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures" means that anyone who can vote in a state election in their state, may also vote for a Senator. In the archaic language of the Constitution this was written in such a way to allow for states having different qualifications for persons eligible to vote for their Senator.

The clause. Previously, when vacancies occurred, several state legislatures were not able to agree on who would fill the position. Before the Seventeenth Amendment, vacancies could last for months and even years in some cases. Under the Seventeenth Amendment, if a Senator dies or has to leave office, his state governor may appoint a temporary Senator until a special election can be held. 

This is a simple addition to prevent the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment from interrupting the election or term of any Senator chosen before the amendment was passed. The United States Senate elections, 1914 were the first nationwide popular elections for Senators.


Resolution

Resolution may refer to:







WWE 2K16

WWE 2K16 is a 2015 professional wrestling video game published by 2K Sports and developed by Yuke's and Visual Concepts. It was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. It is the seventeenth game in the "WWE games" series. "WWE 2K16" was released on October 27, 2015 in North America, October 30, 2015 in Europe, and on October 29, 2015 in Australasia. It will be released for Windows on March 11, 2016. Stone Cold Steve Austin is featured on the cover of the game.

It was announced by 2k that "WWE 2K16" would have the "largest roster in the game's history", featuring over 120 playable characters, and almost double the 67 that were in "2K15".

The game received mixed reviews. IGN rated the game a 8.8 out of 10. Vince Ingenito of IGN said that the game was a "step in the right direction" for the series. He said that he liked the gameplay and the roster features, but did not like the overall inconsistency with the game. GameSpot rated the game a 4 out of 10. Don Saas of GameSpot said that he liked the 2K Showcase mode and the Jim Ross returning on commentary but also said that "Little else in the game makes much of a positive impression."


Kirby: Planet Robobot

Kirby: Planet Robobot is an action platform video game. It was published by Nintendo and developed by HAL Laboratory. It was released for the Nintendo 3DS on April 28, 2016 in Japan and on June 10, 2016 worldwide.

The game was revealed during a Nintendo Direct on March 3, 2016.

The gameplay of "Planet Robobot" is like the last game, "". It uses the Nintendo 3DS's 3D system by having Kirby move into the background and foreground in levels. Like most games in the series, Kirby is able to eat enemies and spit them out to attack. He can also swallow them to get their powers. Players can also get items and abilities by using Amiibo figures. The game adds a mech suit called the Robobot Armor that Kirby can use, allowing him to break some things, lift heavy things, and defeat big enemies. Like Kirby, the Robobot Armor can get versions of these abilities by scanning enemies. This can be used to attack enemies and solve puzzles. Code Cubes are hidden in every level. They are needed to beat the game and unlock bonus levels. They can also be used to get stickers. These stickers can be put on the Robobot Armor.

"Planet Robobot" has two minigames: "Team Kirby Clash" and "Kirby 3D Rumble". "Team Kirby Clash" is an action role-playing game in which up to four players pick a character class and work together to fight big bosses. "Kirby 3D Rumble" is a single-player game in which Kirby must move through a 3D area to kill enemies as quickly as possible. Beating the main game unlocks two more modes. One is "Meta Knightmare Returns", where players play as Meta Knight in a harder version of the main game. The other is "The Arena", where players fight multiple bosses with limited healing. The game also supports StreetPass and Miiverse.

A very big spacecraft called the Access Ark takes over and mechanizes Kirby's home, Planet Popstar. King Dedede and Meta Knight try to fight back, but Dedede's castle and Meta Knight's airship are both blown up. Kirby is sleeping the whole time. He wakes up and sees that his planet's energy is being stolen and goes to take care of it.

Kirby breaks the Access Ark's five legs all over Planet Popstar. He gets the Robobot Armor while doing this. The Robobot Armor is a mysterious power suit that makes his ability-copying power stronger. Kirby also finds an alien secretary named Susie. She claims to be taking natural resources from the planet's ecosystems for her boss, President Max Profitt Haltmann. He is the person in charge of the Access Ark, and has been following the business plans of a supercomputer named Star Dream.

After breaking all five legs and making the Access Ark unable to move, Kirby goes into the Ark and meets Haltmann. Haltmann fires Susie for not stopping Kirby. He then fights Kirby in his own power suit but is beaten. Haltmann then attempts to use Star Dream to kill Kirby, but is stopped by Susie. However, Star Dream becomes self-aware, takes over Haltmann's body, and attacks Susie. Star Dream then says that all living things are in the way of their plan and tries to destroy a bunch of galaxies. Meta Knight then comes back with a repaired version of his airship and Kirby combines it with his Robobot Armor to fight Star Dream.

Kirby fights and breaks Star Dream, but it comes back and takes control of the Access Ark. Star Dream goes on a rampage and damages Meta Knight's airship, but Meta Knight shoots Kirby out of it. Kirby then breaks the supercomputer with a very big drill. After Star Dream falls apart, Kirby's dying Robobot Armor uses the last of its power to send him back to his home.

"Kirby: Planet Robobot" received positive reviews. "GameSpot" said that they liked the gameplay, level design, characters, art, music, and extra modes, but didn't like how easy the game was. "IGN"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Brendan Graeber liked the 3D-based puzzles in really nice-looking worlds, boss fights, the Robobot mech, and additional modes, but disliked the game being so easy. Ollie Barder of "Forbes" gave it a good review, saying it is like the mecha anime series "Gurren Lagann".

It had sold 300,479 copies in Japan by June 2016. It sold 1.36 million copies by the end of March 2017.

Flint water crisis

The Flint water crisis is a drinking water contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan which began in April 2014. When the city changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River, it created a serious public health danger. 

In Flint, between 6,000 and 12,000 children have been exposed to drinking water with high levels of lead. They may experience serious health problems. The water change is also a possible cause of an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease that has killed 10 people in the county.

On January 5, 2016, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder declared a state of emergency for Flint. President Barack Obama declared a federal state of emergency. He authorized additional help from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Department of Homeland Security almost two weeks later.

Legionnaires' disease

Legionnaires' disease is a form of pneumonia caused by any type of "Legionella" bacteria. Over 90% of cases are caused by "Legionella pneumophila". 

The length of time between exposure to the bacteria and the appearance of symptoms is generally two to ten days. It can be as much as 20 days. People with Legionnaires' usually have fever, chills, and a cough. Some also have muscle aches, headache, tiredness, loss of appetite, diarrhea or vomiting.

People of any age may have Legionnaires' disease. It is most common in middle aged and older people.

Marley Shelton

Marley Eve Shelton (born April 12, 1974) is an American television and movie actress. She began her acting career in 1991. She has acted in different movie genres. She played Amanda in "Grand Canyon". She also played Tricia Nixon Cox in "Nixon" (1995). voice roles include, Nutri Ventures, The Powerpuff Girls as additional adr voices.

Shelton was born in Los Angeles, California.

LaWanda Page

LaWanda Page (October 19, 1920September 14, 2002), born Alberta Peal, was an American actress and comedienne best known for her role as Aunt Esther in the 1970s TV sitcom "Sanford and Son". She later reprised the role in "Sanford Arms" and "Sanford".

She was born on October 19, 1920 in Cleveland, Ohio. Page was raised in St. Louis, Missouri. LaWanda Page and Redd Foxx were very close friends from the time they were pre-teens. They attended school and grew up together in St. Louis. Later on, they both entered the field of comedy separately and performed stage acts. Page later recorded several live comedy albums for the Laff Records label in the late 1960s and early 1970s under the LaWanda stage name. One release, a gold-selling album called "Watch It, Sucker!", was titled after one of her Aunt Esther character's catchphrases to capitalize on her newfound TV fame. During her tenure as a stand-up comic, which lasted all the way to the 1990s, she was often called "The Queen of Comedy", or "The Black Queen of Comedy". Other than the expletive-free "Sane Advice" album, released two years after the run of "Sanford and Son", most of Page's albums and stand-up material were raunchy in nature.

In 1977 Page appeared in an episode of "The Love Boat", "Martin," "227," "Family Matters," and "Diff'rent Strokes." She appeared on "Circus Of The Stars" as a fire eater.

Page died of complications from diabetes on September 14, 2002. She is interred in an outdoor crypt at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.

Her daughter, the evangelist Clara Estella Roberta Johnson, died on June 4, 2006, in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 69.



Atmosphere of Mars

The atmosphere of Mars is the layer of gases surrounding Mars. It is mainly made up of carbon dioxide. The average atmospheric pressure of the Martian surface (6.0 mbar) is much lower than that of the Earth (1,013 mbar). The pressure is well below the Armstrong limit, meaning that water boils at the normal temperature of the human body: 98.6 °F (36.6 °C).

The Martian atmosphere contains 96% carbon dioxide, 1.9% argon, 1.9% nitrogen, and traces of oxygen, carbon monoxide, water and methane, and so on. Ever since the discovery of methane in 2003, scientists say that this might indicate life. It has also been suggested that is may be caused by geochemical processes, volcanic or hydrothermal activity.

The atmosphere of Mars is quite dusty, giving the Martian sky a light brown or orange-red color when seen from the surface. Data from NASA pointed out that the dust particles are 1.5 micrometres diameter.

On 18 March 2015, NASA found an aurora that is not fully understood and an unexplained dust cloud in the atmosphere of Mars.

Liquid water on Mars was once commonplace, which means the atmosphere was thicker. Many studies have found that the atmosphere of Mars has been weakened over time due to solar winds. On Earth, the magnetic field protects us from most of the wind. Mars used to have a magnetic field, but cooling of the core has resulted in the magnetic field being lost.

Solar Wind Composition Experiment

The Solar Wind Composition Experiment (SWC) was an experiment that took place on the Moon during the Apollo program (Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15 and 16). It was done to measure the solar wind outside of Earth's magnetosphere. It was the first notable measurement of isotopic solar material.

The experiment was suggested by by a Swiss team headed by Johannes Geiss of the University of Bern and Peter Eberhardt of the Swiss Institute of Technology. It was partially funded by the Swiss Government.

The SWC experiment was done by getting a aluminum sheet and facing it towards the sun. The foil was to collect the ion types and energies of the solar wind on the lunar surface. After the experiment, the sheet was placed into a Teflon bag, and sent back to Earth to be studied. The experiment was successful and found Helium, Neon and Argon isotopic compositions coming from the sun.


Caesar's Comet

Caesar's Comet (C/-43 K1) is also known as 'Comet Caesar' and the 'Great Comet of 44 BC'. It was one of the most famous comets of ancient times. Many Romans thought the comet's seven-day appearance was a sign of the deification of recently assassinated dictator, Julius Caesar (100–44 BC).

Caesar's Comet was one of only five comets known to have had a negative absolute magnitude and may have been the brightest daylight comet in history. It was not periodic, and it had a parabolic orbit. The comet might now be more than 800 AU from the Sun.

Do You Know the Way to San Jose

"Do You Know the Way to San Jose" is a 1968 popular song. It is about a person from San Jose, California who wants to go back to her hometown. Dionne Warwick performed it.

The song sold over a million copies. Warwick won her first Grammy Award for it.

The song was Warwick's first song after "(Theme from) Valley of the Dolls"/"I Say a Little Prayer". It was released in April 1968.

The song was later sung by Connie Francis, Rita Reys, Neil Diamond, Nancy Sinatra and others.

Don't Make Me Over

"Don't Make Me Over" is a 1962 popular ballad. It was written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. Dionne Warwick sang this song. 

The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" R&B charts.

The song was later recorded by other artists, such as Jennifer Warnes and Julia Holter.

Julia Holter

Julia Holter (born December 18, 1984) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, composer and artist. Her first studio album, "Tragedy", was released in 2011. She released a second album, "Ekstasis", in March 2012. This album was compared to works by such artists as Laurie Anderson, Kate Bush, Joanna Newsom and several others. "Ekstasis" received many positive reviews.

Holter joined Domino Recording Company. She then released her 3rd album "Loud City Song". The album was a critical success.

She released "Have You in My Wilderness" in 2015. The album was very successful.

Article One of the United States Constitution

Article One of the United States Constitution establishes the legislative branch of the federal government, the United States Congress. The Congress is a bicameral legislature consisting of a House of Representatives and a Senate

Section 1: Legislative power vested in Congress
Section 1 gives federal legislative power exclusively to Congress. Similar clauses are found in Articles II and III. The former gives executive power to the President. The latter grants judicial power to the federal judiciary. These three articles create a separation of powers among the three branches of the federal government. The separation of powers was intended to limit Congress to making law, the President to enforcing the law and the courts as interpreting the law in different cases.

There is no provision in the Constitution that gives Congress the power to investigate. However, before the adoption of the Constitution, assemblies| in the American colonies exercised that power. Before them, the British Parliament had investigative powers. Congress has always considered it an implicit power in the Constitution. In "McGrain v. Daugherty" (1927), the Supreme Court held that Congress did have the power to investigate.

Section Two provides for the election every two years of members of the House of Representatives by the people of the respective states. The "electors" (voters) in the state are those who the state decides are eligible to vote for "the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature" are eligible to vote for members of the House of Representatives from that state.

The Constitution provides three requirements for Representatives. A Representative must be at least 25 years old. He or she must live in the state in which he or she is elected. A Representative must also have been a citizen of the United States for the previous seven years.

After much debate, the framers of the Constitution compromised and made population the basis of determining the number of seats (called apportionment) in the House of Representatives. It also used apportionment to determine the tax liability among the states. To accomplish this, the Constitution requires that a census be conducted every ten years. This is to determine the population of each state and of the nation as a whole. It also establishes a rule for who should and who should not be included in the count. Because the Constitution would go into effect before the completion of a national census, it provides for a temporary apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives.

Originally, the population of each state and of the nation as a whole was determined by adding to the whole number of free Persons, three-fifths the number of all other persons (slaves), but excluding non-taxed Native Americans. This Constitutional rule was known as the three-fifths compromise. It was used to determine the number of Representatives in the House. Larger states contributed more money and would have more seats in the House of Representatives. 

The Fourteenth Amendment removed the three-fifths rule and ordered the census to count everyone regardless of skin color. It stipulated that males over the age of twenty-one could vote. The Sixteenth Amendment removed the connection between apportionment and direct taxes. The 19th Amendment removed the restriction by sex allowing women to vote. The 26th Amendment reduced the voting age requirement to those 18 years of age and older. But none of these amendments changed congressional apportionment.

Since enactment of the Reapportionment Act of 1929, Congress set the number of House seats at 435, except in 1959 when Alaska and Hawaii were admitted as states. Then the number became 437 temporarily.

Section two, Clause four, provides that when vacancies occur in the House of Representatives, it is not the job of the House of Representatives to arrange for a replacement. It is the job of the State whose vacant seat is up for refilling. In addition, the Constitution does not authorize a State Governor to appoint a temporary replacement. He is to arrange for a special election to fill the vacancy. The original qualifications and procedures for holding that election are still valid.

Section Two also provides that the House of Representatives may choose its Speaker and its other officers. The Constitution does not require it but every Speaker has been a member of the House of Representatives. The Speaker rarely presides over routine House sessions. Instead he chooses to deputize a junior member to accomplish the task.

Finally, Section Two grants to the House of Representatives the sole power of impeachment. Although the Supreme Court has not had an occasion to interpret this specific provision, the Court has suggested that the grant to the House of the ""sole"" power of impeachment makes the House the exclusive interpreter of what constitutes an impeachable offense.

This power, which is analogous to the bringing of criminal charges by a grand jury, has been used only rarely. The House of Representatives has initiated impeachment proceedings 62 times since 1789, and nineteen federal officials have been formally impeached as a result, including: three Presidents (Andrew Johnson, Bill Clinton, and Donald Trump), one Cabinet Secretary (William W. Belknap), one Senator (William Blount), one Supreme Court Associate Justice (Samuel Chase), and fourteen federal judges.

The Constitution does not specify how impeachment proceedings are to be initiated. Until the early 20th century, a House member could rise and propose an impeachment, which would then be assigned to a committee for investigation. Presently, it is the House Judiciary Committee that initiates the process. It does this only after investigating the allegations, prepares recommendations for the whole House's consideration. If the House votes to adopt an impeachment resolution, the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee recommends a slate of "managers," whom the House subsequently approves by resolution. These Representatives then become the prosecution team in the impeachment trial in the Senate (see Section 3, Clause 6 below).

The first Clause of Section Three provides that each state is entitled to have two Senators. It states they would be elected by its state legislature and serve six-year terms. Each Senator has one vote. By these provisions, the framers of the Constitution intended to protect the interests of the states as states. However, this clause has been superseded by the Seventeenth Amendment, ratified in 1913. Due to problems in the Senate, it was changed to Senators would now be elected by the people instead of the state legislatures.

Approximately one-third of the Senate is up for re-election every two years. But the entire body is never up for re-election in the same year. The Seventeenth Amendment changed how vacancies would be filled. Under the Seventeenth Amendment, if a Senator dies or has to leave office, his state governor may appoint a temporary Senator until a special election can be held.

A Senator must be at least 30 years of age, must have been a citizen of the United States for at least nine years before being elected, and must reside in the State he or she will represent at the time of the election. As with Representatives in the House, the Constitution sets the qualifications to be a Senator.

Section Three provides that the vice president is the President of the Senate. When serving in this capacity, the vice president, who is not a member of the Senate, may cast a vote to break a tie. Early in the nation's history, vice presidents frequently presided over the Senate. In modern times, the vice president usually does so only during ceremonial occasions or when a tie in the voting is anticipated. A tie-breaking vote has been cast 243 times by 35 different vice presidents.

Clause five provides for a President "pro tempore of the Senate" (meaning temporary), a Senator elected to the post by the Senate, to preside over the body when the Vice President is either absent or exercising the Office of the President.

The Senate's current practice is to elect a full-time President pro tempore at the beginning of each Congress, as opposed to making it a temporary office only existing during the Vice President's absence. Since World War II, the senior (longest serving) member of the majority party has filled this position. As is true of the Speaker of the House, the Constitution does not require that the President pro tempore be a senator, but by tradition, a senator is always chosen.
The House of Representatives votes to impeach a president, vice president or other civil officer, but the Senate serves as judge and jury. The defendant in the trial can be removed from office by a two-thirds vote of the Senate. Only three times has the Senate brought impeachment charges against a president still in office. This was in 1868 against Andrew Johnson, in 1998 against Bill Clinton, and in 2020 against Donald Trump. In each case, the president was not convicted and allowed to serve out his term of office.
If any officer is convicted on impeachment, he or she is immediately removed from office. He or she may be barred from holding any public office in the future. No other punishments may be used. Any person removed from office may still be criminally prosecuted. They may also be subject to lawsuits. 

State legislatures have the task of deciding how congressional elections are held. They may decide the scheduling of an election, where voters may cast ballots and how voters are to register. Congress has the right to change these rules. 
Clause 2 fixes an annual date upon which Congress must meet. By doing so, the Constitution gives Congress the power to meet, whether or not the President called it into session. 

Section Five states that a majority of each House constitutes a quorum to do business; a smaller number may adjourn the House or compel the attendance of absent members. In practice, the quorum requirement is all but ignored. A quorum is assumed to be present unless a quorum call, requested by a member, proves otherwise. Rarely do members ask for quorum calls to demonstrate the absence of a quorum; more often, they use the quorum call as a delaying tactic.

Each House can determine its own Rules (assuming a quorum is present), and may punish any of its members. A two-thirds vote is necessary to expel a member. Section 5, Clause 2 does not provide specific guidance to each House regarding when and how each House may change its rules, leaving details to the respective chambers.

Each House must keep and publish a Journal, though it may choose to keep any part of the Journal secret. The decisions of the House—not the words spoken during debates—are recorded in the Journal; if one-fifth of those present (assuming a quorum is present) request it, the votes of the members on a particular question must also be entered.

Neither House may adjourn, without the consent of the other, for more than three days. Often, a House will hold "pro forma" sessions every three days. Such sessions are held just to fulfill the constitutional requirement. They are not for the purpose of conducting business. Neither House may meet in any place other than that designated for both Houses (the Capitol), without the consent of the other House.

Senators and Representatives set their own compensation. Under the Twenty-seventh Amendment, any change in their compensation will not take effect until after the next congressional election.

Members of both Houses have certain privileges, based on those enjoyed by the members of the British Parliament. Members attending, going to or returning from either House are privileged from arrest, except for treason, felony or breach of the peace. One may not sue a Senator or Representative for slander that may happen during Congressional debate, nor may speech by a member of Congress during a Congressional session be the basis for criminal prosecution. 

Senators and Representatives may not simultaneously serve in Congress and hold a position in the executive branch. This restriction is meant to protect legislative independence by preventing the president from using patronage to buy votes in Congress. It is a major difference from the political system in the British Parliament, where cabinet ministers are required to be members of parliament.

This establishes the method for making Acts of Congress that involve taxation. Accordingly, any bill may originate in either House of Congress, except for a revenue bill, which may originate only in the House of Representatives. 

This clause of the U.S. Constitution stemmed from an English parliamentary practice that all money bills must have their first reading in the House of Commons. This practice was intended to ensure that the power of the purse is possessed by the legislative body most responsive to the people, although the English practice was modified in America by allowing the Senate to amend these bills. 

This clause is known as the Presentment Clause. Before a bill becomes law, it must be presented to the President, who has ten days (excluding Sundays) to act upon it. If the President signs the bill, it becomes law. If he disapproves of the bill, he must return it to the House in which it originated together with his objections. This procedure has become known as the veto, although that particular word does not appear in the text of Article One. The bill does not then become law unless both Houses, by two-thirds votes, override the veto. If the President neither signs nor returns the bill within the ten-day limit, the bill becomes law, unless the Congress has adjourned in the meantime, thereby preventing the President from returning the bill to the House in which it originated. In the latter case, the President, by taking no action on the bill towards the end of a session, exercises a "pocket veto", which Congress may not override. In the former case, where the President allows a bill to become law unsigned, there is no common name for the practice, but recent scholarship has termed it a "default enactment."

What exactly constitutes an adjournment for the purposes of the pocket veto has been unclear. In the "Pocket Veto Case" (1929), the Supreme Court held that "the determinative question in reference to an 'adjournment' is not whether it is a final adjournment of Congress or an interim adjournment, such as an adjournment of the first session, but whether it is one that 'prevents' the President from returning the bill to the House in which it originated within the time allowed." Since neither House of Congress was in session, the President could not return the bill to one of them, thereby permitting the use of the pocket veto. In "Wright v. United States" (1938), however, the Court ruled that adjournments of one House only did not constitute an adjournment of Congress required for a pocket veto. In such cases, the Secretary or Clerk of the House in question was ruled competent to receive the bill.

In 1996, Congress passed the Line Item Veto Act, which permitted the President, at the time of the signing of the bill, to rescind certain expenditures. The Congress could disapprove the cancellation and reinstate the funds. The President could veto the disapproval, but the Congress, by a two-thirds vote in each House, could override the veto. In the case "Clinton v. City of New York", the Supreme Court found the Line Item Veto Act unconstitutional because it violated the Presentment clause. First, the procedure delegated legislative powers to the President, thereby violating the nondelegation doctrine. Second, the procedure violated the terms of Section Seven, which state, "if he approve [the bill] he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it." Thus, the President may sign the bill, veto it, or do nothing, but he may not amend the bill and then sign it.

Every bill, order, resolution, or vote that must be passed by both Houses, except on a question of adjournment, must be presented to the President before becoming law. However, to propose a constitutional amendment, two-thirds of both Houses may submit it to the states for the ratification, without any consideration by the President, as prescribed in Article V.

Congress's legislative powers are enumerated in Section Eight:

Many powers of Congress have been interpreted broadly. Most notably, the Taxing and Spending, Interstate Commerce, and Necessary and Proper Clauses have been deemed to grant expansive powers to Congress.

Congress may lay and collect taxes for the "common defense" or "general welfare" of the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court has not often defined "general welfare," leaving the political question to Congress. In "United States v. Butler" (1936), the Court for the first time construed the clause. The dispute centered on a tax collected from processors of agricultural products such as meat; the funds raised by the tax were not paid into the general funds of the treasury, but were rather specially earmarked for farmers. The Court struck down the tax, ruling that the general welfare language in the Taxing and Spending Clause related only to "matters of national, as distinguished from local, welfare". Congress continues to make expansive use of the Taxing and Spending Clause; for instance, the social security program is authorized under the Taxing and Spending Clause.

Congress has the power to borrow money on the credit of the United States. In 1871, when deciding "Knox v. Lee," the Court ruled that this clause permitted Congress to emit bills and make them legal tender in satisfaction of debts. Whenever Congress borrows money, it is obligated to repay the sum as stipulated in the original agreement. However, such agreements are only "binding on the conscience of the sovereign", as the doctrine of sovereign immunity prevents a creditor from suing in court if the government reneges its commitment.

The Supreme Court has seldom restrained the use of the "commerce clause" for widely varying purposes. The first important decision related to the commerce clause was "Gibbons v. Ogden", decided by a unanimous Court in 1824. The case involved conflicting federal and state laws: Thomas Gibbons had a federal permit to navigate steamboats in the Hudson River, while the other, Aaron Ogden, had a monopoly to do the same granted by the state of New York. Ogden contended that "commerce" included only buying and selling of goods and not their transportation. Chief Justice John Marshall rejected this notion. Marshall suggested that "commerce" included navigation of goods, and that it "must have been contemplated" by the Framers. Marshall added that Congress's power over commerce "is complete in itself, may be exercised to its utmost extent, and acknowledges no limitations other than are prescribed in the Constitution".

The expansive interpretation of the Commerce Clause was restrained during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, when a "laissez-faire" attitude dominated the Court. In "United States v. E. C. Knight Company" (1895), the Supreme Court limited the newly enacted Sherman Antitrust Act, which had sought to break up the monopolies dominating the nation's economy. The Court ruled that Congress could not regulate the manufacture of goods, even if they were later shipped to other states. Chief Justice Melville Fuller wrote, "commerce succeeds to manufacture, and is not a part of it."

The U.S. Supreme Court sometimes ruled New Deal programs unconstitutional because they stretched the meaning of the commerce clause. In "Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States," (1935) the Court unanimously struck down industrial codes regulating the slaughter of poultry, declaring that Congress could not regulate commerce relating to the poultry, which had "come to a permanent rest within the State." As Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes put it, "so far as the poultry here in question is concerned, the flow of interstate commerce has ceased." Judicial rulings against attempted use of Congress's Commerce Clause powers continued during the 1930s.

In 1937, the Supreme Court began moving away from its laissez-faire attitude concerning Congressional legislation and the Commerce Clause, when it ruled in "National Labor Relations Board v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Company", that the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (commonly known as the Wagner Act) was constitutional. The legislation under scrutiny, prevented employers from engaging in "unfair labor practices" such as firing workers for joining unions. In sustaining this act, the Court, signaled its return to the philosophy espoused by John Marshall, that Congress could pass laws regulating actions that even indirectly influenced interstate commerce.

This new attitude became firmly set into place in 1942. In "Wickard v. Filburn", the Court ruled that production quotas under the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 were constitutionally applied to agricultural production (in this instance, home-grown wheat for private consumption) that was consumed purely intrastate, because its effect upon interstate commerce placed it within the power of Congress to regulate under the Commerce Clause. This decision marked the beginning of the Court's total deference to Congress' claims of Commerce Clause powers, which lasted into the 1990s.

"United States v. Lopez" (1995) was the first decision in six decades to invalidate a federal statute on the grounds that it exceeded the power of the Congress under the Commerce Clause. The Court held that while Congress had broad lawmaking authority under the Commerce Clause, the power was limited, and did not extend so far from "commerce" as to authorize the regulation of the carrying of handguns, especially when there was no evidence that carrying them affected the economy on a massive scale. In a later case, "United States v. Morrison" (2000), the justices ruled that Congress could not make such laws even when there was evidence of aggregate effect.

In contrast to these rulings, the Supreme Court also continues to follow the precedent set by "Wickard v. Filburn". In "Gonzales v. Raich" it ruled that the Commerce Clause granted Congress the authority to criminalize the production and use of home-grown cannabis even where states approve its use for medicinal purposes. The court held that, as with the agricultural production in the earlier case, home-grown cannabis is a legitimate subject of federal regulation because it competes with marijuana that moves in interstate commerce.

Congress may establish uniform laws relating to naturalization and bankruptcy. It may also coin money, regulate the value of American or foreign currency and punish counterfeiters. Congress may fix the standards of weights and measures. Furthermore, Congress may establish post offices and post roads (the roads, however, need not be exclusively for the conveyance of mail). Congress may promote the progress of science and useful arts by granting copyrights and patents of limited duration. Section eight, clause eight of Article One, known as the Copyright Clause, is the only instance of the word "right" used in the original constitution (though the word does appear in several Amendments). Though perpetual copyrights and patents are prohibited, the Supreme Court has ruled in "Eldred v. Ashcroft" (2003) that repeated extensions to the term of copyright do not constitute perpetual copyright; also note that this is the only power granted where the means to accomplish its stated purpose is specifically provided for. Courts inferior to the Supreme Court may be established by Congress.

Congress has several powers related to war and the armed forces. Under the War Powers Clause, only Congress may declare war, but in several cases it has, without declaring war, granted the President the authority to engage in military conflicts. Five wars have been declared in United States' history: the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, the Spanish–American War, World War I and World War II. Some historians argue that the legal doctrines and legislation passed during the operations against Pancho Villa constitute a sixth declaration of war. Congress may grant letters of marque and reprisal. Congress may establish and support the armed forces, but no appropriation made for the support of the army may be used for more than two years. This provision was inserted because the Framers feared the establishment of a standing army, beyond civilian control, during peacetime. Congress may regulate or call forth the state militias, but the states retain the authority to appoint officers and train personnel. Congress also has exclusive power to make rules and regulations governing the land and naval forces. Although the executive branch and the Pentagon have asserted an ever-increasing measure of involvement in this process, the U.S. Supreme Court has often reaffirmed Congress's exclusive hold on this power (e.g. Burns v. Wilson, 346 U.S. 137 (1953)). Congress used this power twice soon after World War II with the enactment of two statutes: the Uniform Code of Military Justice to improve the quality and fairness of courts martial and military justice, and the Federal Tort Claims Act which among other rights had allowed military service persons to sue for damages until the U.S. Supreme Court repealed that section of the statute in a divisive series of cases, known collectively as the Feres Doctrine.

Congress has the exclusive right to legislate "in all cases whatsoever" for the nation's capital, the District of Columbia. Congress chooses to devolve some of such authority to the elected mayor and council of District of Columbia. Nevertheless, Congress remains free to enact any legislation for the District so long as constitutionally permissible, to overturn any legislation by the city government, and technically to revoke the city government at any time. Congress may also exercise such jurisdiction over land purchased from the states for the erection of forts and other buildings.

Finally, Congress has the power to do whatever is "necessary and proper" to carry out its enumerated powers and, crucially, all others vested in it. This has been interpreted to authorize criminal prosecution of those whose actions have a "substantial effect" on interstate commerce in "Wickard v. Filburn" ; however, Thomas Jefferson, in the Kentucky Resolutions, supported by James Madison, maintained that a penal power could not be inferred from a power to regulate, and that the only penal powers were for treason, counterfeiting, piracy and felony on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations.

The necessary and proper clause has been interpreted extremely broadly, thereby giving Congress wide latitude in legislation. The first landmark case involving the clause was "McCulloch v. Maryland" (1819), which involved the establishment of a national bank. Alexander Hamilton, in advocating the creation of the bank, argued that there was "a more or less direct" relationship between the bank and "the powers of collecting taxes, borrowing money, regulating trade between the states, and raising and maintaining fleets and navies". Thomas Jefferson countered that Congress's powers "can all be carried into execution without a national bank. A bank therefore is not necessary, and consequently not authorized by this phrase". Chief Justice John Marshall agreed with the former interpretation. Marshall wrote that a Constitution listing "all" of Congress's powers "would partake of a prolixity of a legal code and could scarcely be embraced by the human mind". Since the Constitution could not possibly enumerate the "minor ingredients" of the powers of Congress, Marshall "deduced" that Congress had the authority to establish a bank from the "great outlines" of the general welfare, commerce and other clauses. Under this doctrine of the necessary and proper clause, Congress has sweepingly broad powers (known as implied powers) not explicitly enumerated in the Constitution. However, the Congress cannot enact laws solely on the implied powers, any action must be necessary and proper in the execution of the enumerated powers.

The ninth section of Article One places limits on Congress' powers:

The first clause in this section prevents Congress from passing any law that would restrict the importation of slaves into the United States prior to 1808. Congress could however, levy a "Per capita" duty of up to ten dollars for each slave imported into the country. This clause was further entrenched into the Constitution by Article V, where it is explicitly shielded from constitutional amendment prior to 1808. On January 1, 1808, the first day it was permitted to do so, Congress approved legislation prohibiting the importation of slaves into the United States.

A writ of "habeas corpus" is a legal action against unlawful detainment that commands a law enforcement agency or other body that has a person in custody to have a court inquire into the legality of the detention. The court may order the person released if the reason for detention is deemed insufficient or unjustifiable. The Constitution further provides that the privilege of the writ of "habeas corpus" may not be suspended "unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it". In "Ex parte Milligan" (1866), the Supreme Court ruled that the suspension of "habeas corpus" in a time of war was lawful, but military tribunals did not apply to citizens in states that had upheld the authority of the Constitution and where civilian courts were still operating.

A bill of attainder is a law by which a person is immediately convicted without trial. An "ex post facto" law is a law which applies retroactively, punishing someone for an act that was only made criminal after it was done. The "ex post facto" clause does not apply to civil matters.

Section Nine reiterates the provision from that direct taxes must be apportioned by state populations. This clause was also explicitly shielded from constitutional amendment prior to 1808 by Article V. In 1913, the 16th Amendment exempted income taxes from this clause. Furthermore, no tax may be imposed on exports from any state. Congress may not, by revenue or commerce legislation, give preference to ports of one state over those of another; neither may it require ships from one state to pay duties in another. All funds belonging to the Treasury may not be withdrawn except according to law. Modern practice is that Congress annually passes a number of appropriations bills authorizing the expenditure of public money. The Constitution requires that a regular statement of such expenditures be published.

The Title of Nobility Clause prohibits Congress from granting any title of nobility. In addition, it specifies that no civil officer may accept, without the consent of Congress, any gift, payment, office or title from a foreign ruler or state. However, a U.S. citizen may receive foreign office before or after their period of public service.

States may not exercise certain powers reserved for the federal government: they may not enter into treaties, alliances or confederations, grant letters of marque or reprisal, coin money or issue bills of credit (such as currency). Furthermore, no state may make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts, which expressly forbids any state government (but not the federal government) from "making a tender" (i.e., authorizing something that may be offered in payment) of any type or form of money to meet any financial obligation, unless that form of money is coins made of gold or silver (or a medium of exchange backed by and redeemable in gold or silver coins, as noted in "Farmers & Merchants Bank v. Federal Reserve Bank"). Much of this clause is devoted to preventing the States from using or creating any currency other than that created by Congress. In Federalist no. 44, Madison explains that "... it may be observed that the same reasons which shew the necessity of denying to the States the power of regulating coin, prove with equal force that they ought not to be at liberty to substitute a paper medium in the place of coin. Had every State a right to regulate the value of its coin, there might be as many different currencies as States; and thus the intercourse among them would be impeded." Moreover, the states may not pass bills of attainder, enact "ex post facto" laws, impair the obligation of contracts, or grant titles of nobility.

The Contract Clause was the subject of much contentious litigation in the 19th century. It was first interpreted by the Supreme Court in 1810, when "Fletcher v. Peck" was decided. The case involved the Yazoo land scandal, in which the Georgia legislature authorized the sale of land to speculators at low prices. The bribery involved in the passage of the authorizing legislation was so blatant that a Georgia mob attempted to lynch the corrupt members of the legislature. Following elections, the legislature passed a law that rescinded the contracts granted by the corrupt legislators. The validity of the annulment of the sale was questioned in the Supreme Court. In writing for a unanimous court, Chief Justice John Marshall asked, "What is a contract?" His answer was: "a compact between two or more parties." Marshall argued that the sale of land by the Georgia legislature, though fraught with corruption, was a valid "contract". He added that the state had no right to annul the purchase of the land, since doing so would impair the obligations of contract.

The definition of a contract propounded by Chief Justice Marshall was not as simple as it may seem. In 1819, the Court considered whether a corporate charter could be construed as a contract. The case of "Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward" involved Dartmouth College, which had been established under a Royal Charter granted by King George III. The Charter created a board of twelve trustees for the governance of the College. In 1815, however, New Hampshire passed a law increasing the board's membership to twenty-one with the aim that public control could be exercised over the College. The Court, including Marshall, ruled that New Hampshire could not amend the charter, which was ruled to be a contract since it conferred "vested rights" on the trustees.

The Marshall Court determined another dispute in "Sturges v. Crowninshield". The case involved a debt that was contracted in early 1811. Later in that year, the state of New York passed a bankruptcy law, under which the debt was later discharged. The Supreme Court ruled that a retroactively applied state bankruptcy law impaired the obligation to pay the debt, and therefore violated the Constitution. In "Ogden v. Saunders" (1827), however, the court decided that state bankruptcy laws "could" apply to debts contracted after the passage of the law. State legislation on the issue of bankruptcy and debtor relief has not been much of an issue since the adoption of a comprehensive federal bankruptcy law in 1898.

Still more powers are prohibited of the states. States may not, without the consent of Congress, tax imports or exports except for the fulfillment of state inspection laws (which may be revised by Congress). The net revenue of the tax is paid not to the state, but to the federal Treasury.

Under the Compact Clause, states may not, without the consent of Congress, keep troops or armies during times of peace. They may not enter into alliances nor compacts with foreign states, nor engage in war unless invaded. States may, however, organize and arm a militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. (Article I, Section 8, enumerated powers of Congress.) The National Guard, whose members are also members of the militia of the United States as defined by , fulfill this function, as do persons serving in State Militias with federal oversight under .

The idea of allowing Congress to have say over agreements between states traces back to the numerous controversies that arose between various colonies. Eventually compromises would be created between the two colonies and these compromises would be submitted to the Crown for approval. After the American Revolutionary War, the Articles of Confederation allowed states to appeal to Congress to settle disputes between the states over boundaries or "any cause whatever". The Articles of Confederation also required Congressional approval for "any treaty or alliance" in which a state was one of the parties.

There have been a number of Supreme Court cases concerning what constitutes valid congressional consent to an interstate compact. In "Virginia v. Tennessee", , the Court found that some agreements among states stand even when lacking the explicit consent of Congress. (One example the court gave was a state moving some goods from a distant state to itself, it would not require Congressional approval to contract with another state to use its canals for transport.) According to the Court, the Compact Clause requires congressional consent only if the agreement among the states is "directed to the formation of any combination tending to the increase of political power in the States, which may encroach upon or interfere with the just supremacy of the United States". The congressional consent issue is at the center of the current debate over the constitutionality of the not yet effective National Popular Vote Interstate Compact entered into by several states plus the District of Columbia.

Victory Day

Victory Day (also shortened as "V-Day") is a common name of many different public holidays in various countries. In most cases it is to commemorate victories in important battles or wars in the countries' history. For example, in Russia, it is celebrated on May 9th for the defeat of Nazi Germany in what Russia calls "The Great Patriotic War" (World War II). For the United States and Britain, the victory in Europe (celebrated as Victory in Europe Day or V-E Day) was only part of the victory. It is celebrated on May 8th (May 7th in the United Kingdom). The war in the Pacific did not end for the US and Britain until the Japanese surrender on Sept. 2, 1945. This is celebrated as Victory over Japan Day or V-J Day. This part of the war is usually not studied by Russians. In France, their Victory Day also celebrated the end of World War II and is celebrated on May 8, 1945, when Charles de Gaulle announced the end of the war.



Collard greens

Collard greens (or collards) are loose leafed cultivars of "Brassica oleracea". Collard greens are part of the acephala group of the species, which includes kale and spring greens.

Collard greens are known for their large, dark colored and edible leaves. They are also known as a garden ornamental.

Collard greens are available year round. They are tastier and more nutritious in cold months, after the first frost.

Elizabeth Garrett

Helen Elizabeth Garrett, commonly known as Elizabeth Garrett, (1963 – March 6, 2016), was an American professor of law and an academic administrator. In 2010, she became Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs at the University of Southern California. On July 1, 2015, she became the 13th president of Cornell University.

Garrett died on March 6, 2016 from colon cancer at her New York City home. She was aged 52.

Paul Ryan (cartoonist)

Paul Ryan (September 23, 1949 – March 6, 2016) was an American comic book and comic strip cartoonist. Ryan worked for Marvel Comics and DC Comics on a number of super-hero comics. Until his death in 2016, he worked on "The Phantom" for King Features Syndicate. He was born in Somerville, Massachusetts.

Ryan died in Worcester, Massachusetts of cancer on March 6, 2016. He was aged 66.

Adrian Hardiman

Adrian Hardiman (21 May 1951 – 7 March 2016) was an Irish judge. He was the justice of the Supreme Court of Ireland. He served from 7 February 2000 until his death on 7 March 2016.

Hardiman was born in Dublin, Ireland. He studied at Belvedere College, at University College Dublin, and at the King's Inn. Hardiman died in Dublin, Ireland from a heart attack. He was aged 65.


Vernon L. Smith

Vernon Lomax Smith (born January 1, 1927) is an American professor of economics. He worked at Chapman University's Argyros School of Business and Economics and School of Law in Orange, California. Smith shared the 2002 Nobel Prize in Economics with Daniel Kahneman.

He is the founder and president of the International Foundation for Research in Experimental Economics, a Member of the Board of Advisors for The Independent Institute, and a Senior Fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington D.C..

In 2004 Smith was honored with an honorary doctoral degree at Universidad Francisco Marroquín, the institution that named the Vernon Smith Center for Experimental Economics Research after him.

Radiometer

A radiometer or roentgenometer is a device for measuring the radiant flux (power) of electromagnetic radiation. Generally, a radiometer is an infrared radiation detector or ultraviolet detector.


Reading Rainbow

Reading Rainbow is an American children's television series. It aired on PBS Kids from July 11, 1983 to November 10, 2006. It encouraged children to read. In 2012, an iPad and Kindle Fire educational interactive book was launched with the "Reading Rainbow" name.

The public television series won over 200 broadcast awards, including a Peabody Award and 26 Emmy Awards. Eleven of those awards were in the "Outstanding Children's Series" category.

When the show was canceled in November 10, 2006, reruns ran until August 28, 2009.

The original team included Lynne Brenner Ganek, Ellen Schecter, and LeVar Burton.

Paul Webley

Professor Paul Webley CBE (19 November 1953 – 2 March 2016) was a British educator. He was the Director and Principal of the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London from 2006 to 2015. From 2010 until his death in 2016, he served as Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the University of London. 

He was a member of the Editorial Board of the "Journal of Economic Psychology". He was the former President of the International Association for Research in Economic Psychology. Webley was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2015 New Year Honours for services to higher education.

Webley died in London, England on 2 March 2016 from cancer. He was aged 62.

Sheila Varian

Sheila Varian (August 8, 1936 – March 6, 2016) was an American breeder and trainer of Arabian horses. She was born in Santa Maria, California. Her career began in 1963. She used "vaquero"-influenced methods of training horses. 

Varian produced many famous Arabian horses who won many show horses in the United States. Varian received many awards from the United States Equestrian Federation. She was added into the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in 2003.

Varian died in Arroyo Grande, California from ovarian cancer on March 6, 2016. She was aged 79.


I've Been to the Mountaintop

I've Been to the Mountaintop is the name of the last speech Martin Luther King, Jr. gave before he died.

King gave the speech on April 3, 1968. He was in Memphis, Tennessee for the Memphis Sanitation Strike. The sanitation (garbage) workers in Memphis were on strike because they got paid very little, and their work was dangerous. King wanted to support them.

The speech talks mostly about the Strike. King talks about the best ways to get the workers what they needed. At the end of the speech, he talks about the possibility that he might be killed.

The next day, King was murdered.

When talking about the Strike, King focuses on the importance of non-violence. At a protest on March 28, some protesters had become violent and started breaking windows. King says:

King thought that if protesters or the people on strike were violent, other people would only pay attention to the violence. They would not pay attention to how badly the sanitation workers were treated.

King suggested boycotting things sold by white businesses as a nonviolent way of protesting and getting people's attention. He explains that one black person might be poor, but all together, they spent a lot of money. This gave them power. If they stopped buying things from businesses owned by white people, then those businesses would lose a lot of money. Then they would have to pay attention, or else they could go out of business. Meanwhile, black people could use their money to buy things from businesses owned by other blacks. King says:

King then talks about the Civil Rights Movement. He says:

King promises that civil rights activists will not stop until they get their basic human rights.

At the end of the speech, King says that as soon as he got to Memphis, he began to get threats. However, he says he is not afraid of death. This is the most famous part of the speech, and also its ending:

King was a Baptist pastor. He often mentioned stories from the Bible in his speeches.

In the end of this speech, King is talking about a story from the Old Testament. Moses was the leader of the Israelites (the people of Israel). The Israelites followed Moses because they thought he would lead them to a Promised Land. In this Promised Land, they could live in peace. 

However, before the Israelites got to the Promised Land, God spoke to Moses. God said he would let Moses see the Promised Land with his eyes. However, God would not let Moses enter the Promised Land. The Bible says: 
Soon after this, Moses died. Joshua replaced him as leader, and led the people of Israel into the Promised Land.

King is saying that like Moses, he has "been to the mountaintop" and seen the Promised Land a society where black people have peace and equal rights. He knows that he may not get to this Promised Land with them, because he might die first. However, he tells his listeners that, like the people of Israel, African-Americans as a people will get to the Promised Land.


Southern Christian Leadership Conference

The Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) is an African-American civil rights group. The SCLC was very important in the Civil Rights Movement. Martin Luther King, Jr. was its first president.

Today, the SCLC says it is "a nonprofit, non-sectarian, inter-faith, advocacy organization that is committed to nonviolent action to achieve social, economic, and political justice." This means the group is open to people of all faiths and religions, not just Christians.

The SCLC was created in 1957, after the Civil Rights Movement's successful Montgomery Bus Boycott. On January 10, 1957, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. invited about 60 black pastors and leaders to Atlanta, Georgia. Their goal, at the time, was to end segregation on buses in the Southern United States. However, they agreed that they would only use non-violent ways of protesting and trying to make change. Their motto was: "Not one hair on one head of one white person shall be harmed."

About a month later, the group met again in New Orleans, Louisiana. They decided that their goal would be to end segregation everywhere not just on buses. They also chose Dr. King as their president, and chose the name "Southern Christian Leadership Conference."

The SCLC also chose a group of leaders called the Board of Directors to be in charge of making final decisions and planning strategies. At first, some churches and civil rights organizations joined the SCLC. However, it was difficult to get churches to join. Groups like the Ku Klux Klan and the White Citizens' Council used violence and terrorism to attack civil rights activists. So did the police in many states. Some churches which joined the SCLC, or did civil rights work, were bombed or set on fire.

In 1954, civil rights activists started "Citizenship Schools." These schools taught African-American adults to read so they could get driver's licenses; fill out forms; open bank accounts; and pass literacy tests that only black people had to pass to sign up to vote. The program spread across the South. They called themselves the "Highlander Folk School."

In 1961, the state of Tennessee took the Highlander Folk School's land and property away. In that year, the SCLC rescued the Citizenship School program. The Schools' teachers pretended to be teaching adults to read. Secretly, they were teaching about democracy, civil rights, leadership, getting people together to protest, politics, and protest strategies. All of these things would be very important in the Civil Rights Movement.

Eventually, close to 69,000 teachers taught Citizenship Schools throughout the South. Most of these teachers were volunteers who were not paid. Many of the Civil Rights Movement's adult leaders went to or taught Citizenship Schools.
The SCLC's work in the Civil Rights Movement included:

Ralph Abernathy became the President of the SCLC after Dr. King's murder. Under his leadership, the SCLC:

Abernathy was President until 1977. Joseph Lowery replaced him, and was President until 1997.

Since 1997, some of the issues the SCLC has worked on include:


Chivalric romance

Chivalric romances are stories, poems or songs. They were written about marvel-filled adventures. Knights having heroic qualities went on quests. It is the emphasis on love and courtly manners which distinguishes it from other kinds of epic. Other types of epic are about masculine military heroism.

Romances were written in European languages of the Middle Ages.

The best known romance was King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight" is another example.

Comet Swift–Tuttle

Comet Swift–Tuttle (109P/Swift–Tuttle) is a periodic comet with an orbital period of 133 years. It fits the classical definition of a Halley-type comet with a period between 20 and 200 years. It was independently discovered by Lewis Swift and Horace Parnell Tuttle in July 1862. It has a well-known orbit and has a comet nucleus 26 km in diameter.

Chinese records show that in 188 AD the comet reached apparent magnitude 0.1. In 1862, the comet was as bright as Polaris. The comet made a return appearance in 1992, and became visible with binoculars. In 2126 it will be a bright naked-eye comet reaching about apparent magnitude 0.7.

It is the parent body of the Perseid meteor shower, perhaps the best known shower and among the most reliable in performance.

A close encounter with Earth is predicted for the comet's return to the inner Solar System in the year 4479, around Sept. 15; the closest approach is estimated to be 0.03–0.05 AU, with a probability of impact of 1, or 0.0001%.

Comet Swift–Tuttle has been described as "the single most dangerous object known to humanity". However, the probability of Earth impact per orbit is about a million to one against. It is estimated as 2 (0.000002%). It is the largest Solar System object that makes repeated close approaches to Earth with a relative velocity of 60 km/s.

An unusual aspect of its orbit is that it is captured into a 1:11 orbital resonance with Jupiter; it completes one orbit for every 11 of Jupiter.

Spenserian stanza

The Spenserian stanza is a fixed verse form invented by Edmund Spenser for his epic poem "The Faerie Queene". Each stanza contains nine lines in total. The first eight lines are in iambic pentameter, that is consist of ten syllables, followed by a single alexandrine line in iambic hexameter, that is are made up of twelve syllables. The rhyme scheme of these lines is "a-b-a-b-b-c-b-c-c."

Many poets used the stanza after Spenser, for example Lord Byron (Chlide Harold's Pilgrimage), Percy Bysshe Shelley (Adonais), John Keats (The Eve of St. Agnes) and Alfred Tennyson (The Lotos-Eaters). Spenserian stanza remained a typical English form and it was never much popular outside England. Only few poets employed it in Central Europe, for example Juliusz Słowacki, Jan Kasprowicz and Jaroslav Vrchlický. 

Biotti

Biotti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:


African fish eagle

The African fish eagle ("Haliaeetus vocifer") or the African sea eagle is a large species of eagle.

It is found throughout sub-Saharan Africa where there are large bodies of open water with plenty of fish. It is the national bird of Zimbabwe, Zambia and South Sudan.

This species looks a bit like the bald eagle. They are related, but live on different continents. The bald eagle lives in North America.

Caracol Televisión

Caracol Televisión is the most viewed national television network in Colombia, founded in 1969 and Caracol Internacional.

The Grupo Santodomingo is the Caracol Televisión's (or Canal Caracol) main actionist.


Fatima Naoot

Fatima Naoot ( فاطمه ناعوت ) (born September 18, 1964) is an Egyptian writer and poet. In January 2016, the Egyptian government sentenced Naoot to jail for 3 years after she wrote on Facebook about killing sheep for the Islamic feast Eladha (Sacrifice)in which Muslims slaughter sheep according to Islamic religion

Naoot was a candidate for the Egyptian parliament.

Naoot wrote several books of poetry and a book of poetry analysis. She also translated collections of poems from English into Arabic.
Fatima Naoot always seeks for freedom without any authority even if this authority will belong to any religion. In October she published a post on Facebook was describing "the Eid Al-Adha’s tradition of slaughtering sheep as the “greatest massacre committed by human beings.” Then one candidate from parliament said that "Her aim is to insult Islam". Thus she wrote through Ahram Online report "that humans justified their lust for killing and enjoying the smell of cooking game by attempting to bestow a divine meaning to their actions.” 

Because of the law of 1982 which stated that there is from six months to five years and fines of LE500 to LE1000 for anyone who uses religion to promote, through speech, writing, or any other medium, extremist ideas with the aim of spreading discord or to belittle one of the monotheistic religions or their different sects, or to harm national unity. she was put in jail for 3 years and fined 20.000 LE. She said in front of the court that "she did not aim to insult Islam, but she just explained her point of view. Naoot said through Middle east online "I’m not sad about the sentencing as I don’t care about going to jail. I’m sad that the efforts of reformists have been wasted”.

THE ARAB NETWORK FOR HUMAN RIGHTS INFORMATION issued a statement saying "“the recent surge in the prosecution of opinion makers comes in conjunction with a fierce security campaign launched by security bodies against freedom of opinion and expression, with the aim of narrowing the overall climate of freedom of opinion and expression. Such a matter, in turn, makes Egypt one of the most Arab countries that show hostility to freedom of expression as well as press freedom, especially that about 59 journalists have remained in prison so far.” Fatma is not a political figure, she is an Egyptian writer, poet, translator and journalist who always says her point of view. 


Guadarrama National Park

Sierra de Guadarrama National Park () is a national park in Spain. It covers about . The park is one of the biggest national parks in Spain. Only four national parks are bigger.
Guadarrama National Park has eleven different types of places for plants and animals to live (ecologies). More than 1,280 species of animals live in the park. Thirteen of them are endangered. There are more than 1,500 types of plants that come from the area. There are more than 30 types of vegetation.

Shita-kiri Suzume

Shita-kiri Suzume (which means "The Tongue-Cut Sparrow") is a Japanese folk legend. It is told by many parents to their children. The story is about being kind and helping someone who is hurt. It is also about being mean and greedy.

Shita-kiri Suzume is the story of an old man and an old woman who find a sparrow. The old man takes care of the sparrow and gives it food. The old woman treats the sparrow badly and cuts out the sparrow's tongue. After the sparrow flies away, the old man goes to find it in the mountains. When he does, the sparrows give him a choice between two baskets to take home. The basket he picks is filled with many good things. The old woman sees the good things and goes to the sparrows to get a basket for herself. She is greedy and mean when she talks to the sparrows, but they still give her a basket. She is not patient and opens the basket before she gets home. It is filled with bad and scary things.

Lester Menke

Lester D. Menke (December 16, 1918 – March 5, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in O'Brien County, Iowa. He was a state Representative from the Iowa's 5th and 7th Districts. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1973 to 1985. He served as Speaker pro Tempore from 1981 to 1985.

Menke died in Des Moines, Iowa on March 5, 2016 from dementia. He was aged 97.


Michael White (producer)

Michael White (16 January 1936 – 7 March 2016) was a Scottish movie and theatre producer. He was born in Glasgow, Scotland. White won two Tony Awards in 1971 and in 1973. White was known for his works in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" and "Monty Python and the Holy Grail". 

White died on 7 March 2016 in Ojai, California. He died of heart failure. White was aged 80.

Jean-Bernard Raimond

Jean-Bernard Raimond (6 February 1926 – 7 March 2016) was a French politician. He served as Foreign Minister during the government of Jacques Chirac. Raimond was born in Paris. He served from 1986 to 1988. He was the French ambassador to a number of states from the 1970s to the 1990s. He also served as a deputy in the French National Assembly from 1993 to 2002.

Raimond died in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France on 7 March 2016. He was aged 90.

Donald Riegle

Donald Wayne Riegle, Jr. (born February 4, 1938) is an American politician. He was born in Flint, Michigan. He served for five terms as a Representative from 1967 through 1976. He served for three terms as a Senator in the U.S. Congress from 1976 through 1995. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

In 2016 and 2020, Riegle endorsed Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.

Akira Yamaoka

Yamaoka studied product design and interior design at Tokyo Art College. He said that he first wanted to follow a career in design. He first joined Konami on September 21, 1993. On December 2, 2009, he announced that he was leaving Konami after 16 years with the company. He joined Grasshopper Manufacture on February 3, 2010.


Laws of conservation

The laws of conservation or law of conservation are:


Barrier

Barrier may refer to:


Southern American English

Southern American English (aka Southern U.S. English or Southern drawl) is a group of American English dialects used in the Southern United States. Southern English is usually used in Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma, Georgia and parts of Florida. Modern day Southern English dialects have been used in the following states: they include Illinois, Missouri, Nebraska, southern Iowa, south central Indiana, southern Ohio and Kansas.

The dialects are also used in some parts of the Mid-Atlantic States.

In Southern English, people use terms like "ain't", "you was","fixin to" (rather than "going to"), "been" (rather than "have been") and "that there".

Features of most southern accents include




Varieties include 







New York City English

New York City English (also called New York English) is a regional dialect of American English. It is spoken by many people in New York City and the New York metropolitan area. The dialect is known through its use in media. It is most often used in New York City itself and its nearby suburbs. However, it is used all across the metropolitan area.

The dialect is known for dropping the "r" in some words. For example, the word "cart" in New York sounds similar to "cot" or "caught".

Some New York area people say "tawk" for "talk" (which sounds like "toak", producing a « trumpet effect »).

There are many well known people and fictional characters who speak New York English. They include Archie Bunker, Bugs Bunny, Fran Drescher and Marisa Tomei.

Geomagnetic reversal

A geomagnetic reversal is a change in a planet's magnetic field such that the positions of magnetic north and magnetic south are interchanged.

This has happened 183 times over the last 83 million years, averaging about two or three times per million years. Before a change of magnetic field, the Earth's magnetic field becomes weaker and moves around, like a spinning top would before it falls. Scientists know this as a result of studies of magnetism on the sea floor, near the mid-Atlantic ridge. The lava slowly moves out of this crevasse (gap in the sea floor) and then it cools with its iron oxide molecules all pointing in the new direction of the Earth's magnetic field. We can look at the history of this magnetic field today to look back at the many flips in the past.

Reversals occur at intervals from less than 0.1 million years to as much as 50 million years. These periods are called "chrons".

There is no pattern to these changes, which seem to take place at random. Chrons last from between 0.1 and 1million years (see diagram) with an average of 450,000 years. Most reversals take between 1,000 and 10,000 years to happen.

The latest one, the Brunhes–Matuyama reversal, occurred 780,000 years ago; and may have happened very quickly, within a human lifetime. A brief complete reversal, known as the Laschamp event, occurred only 41,000 years ago during the last glacial period. That reversal lasted only about 440 years with the actual change of polarity lasting around 250 years. During this change the strength of the magnetic field weakened to 5% of its present strength. Brief disruptions that do not result in reversal are called geomagnetic excursions.

The past record of geomagnetic reversals was first noticed by observing the magnetic stripe reversals on the ocean floor. This soon led to the development of the theory of plate tectonics. The relatively constant rate at which the sea floor spreads causes "stripes" in the basalt. From these past magnetic fields polarity can be inferred. Data is got by towing a magnetometer along the sea floor.

No existing unsubducted sea floor is more than about 180 million years old, so other methods are used for detecting older reversals. Most sedimentary rocks have tiny amounts of iron rich minerals. Their orientation reflects the magnetic field when they formed. The rocks keep that record unless they get changed by some later process.

A "superchron" is a polarity interval lasting at least 10million years. There are two well-established superchrons, the Cretaceous Normal and the Kiaman.

The Cretaceous Normal (also called the Cretaceous Superchron or C34) lasted for almost 40million years. Between the Cretaceous Normal and the present, the frequency has generally increased slowly.

The Kiaman Reverse Superchron lasted from the late Carboniferous to the late Permian. That is more than 50million years, from 312 to 262 million years ago (mya). The magnetic field had reversed polarity. The name "Kiaman" derives from the Australian village of Kiama, where some of the first geological evidence of the superchron was found in 1925.

The magnetic field of the Earth, and of other planets that have magnetic fields, is caused by dynamo action of molten iron in the planetary core. This convection (movement) generates electric currents which in turn give rise to magnetic fields. In simulations of planetary dynamos, reversals occur from the underlying dynamics. For example, Gary Glatzmaier and collaborator Paul Roberts of UCLA ran a numerical model of the coupling between electromagnetism and fluid dynamics in the Earth's interior. Their simulation reproduced key features of the magnetic field over more than 40,000 years of simulated time and the computer-generated field reversed itself. Global field reversals at irregular intervals have also been observed in a laboratory liquid metal experiment VKS2.

As far as we know, there is no effect on life. Studies have been done to see if reversals relate in any way to extinction events. Statistical analysis shows no evidence for a correlation between reversals and extinctions.

Chron

A chron is a general term in Earth science. It means a period of time, usually less than a million years.


Economic deficit

Economic deficit is a status of financial health in which expenditures exceed revenue (more money being spent than coming in). The term "budget deficit" is most commonly used to refer to government spending rather than business or individual spending. When referring to accrued federal government deficits, the term "national debt” is used.

Root (disambiguation)

Root may refer to:

Root of a function

In mathematics, a root of a function "f" is a number x that turns the value of "f" to 0:

formula_1

for example, one of the roots of sin(x) is formula_2, the only root of formula_3 is 0, for 2x + 5 it's -2.5 and so on.

Because polynomials are also functions, roots are real things.

The fundamental theorem of algebra says every polynomial with complex coefficients has at least one (complex) root. Using the fundamental theorem of algebra and the polynomial remainder theorem together shows that every complex polynomial of degree "n" has exactly "n" complex roots, and some of them may be equal.

for first degree polynomials ax + b the root is x = formula_4.

for second degree polynomials ,formula_5 the roots are: formula_6.

there are also equations for solving 3rd and 4th degrees but Évariste Galois proved that 5th degree polynomials cannot be solved using .

Polynomial remainder theorem states that if a is a root of a polynomial P(x) If and only if P(x) is divisible by x-a.

the Fundamental theorem of algebra states that the Complex plane is an algebraically close Field meaning that any polynomial from degree n has exactly n roots including repeating roots.

if a Polynomial P(x) = formula_7, for t > 0, a is a root of P and a root of the first t-1 derivatives of P.

if P is a polynomial such that all of his coefficients are Integers:

1.if a is an Integer root of P, the constant coefficient is divisible by a.

2.if formula_8 is an Rational root of P, the constant coefficient is divisible by a and the leading coefficient is divisible by b.

for example : P(x) = formula_9, we can see that the root should be a divisor of 1 meaning it is 1 or -1, after we check the 2 options we can see that the root is -1.

De Moivre's formula

In mathematics, de Moivre's formula or de Moivre's theorem is an equation named after Abraham de Moivre. It states that for any real number "x" and integer "n", 

formula_1 

The formulation of De Moivre's formula for any complex numbers formula_2 (with modulus formula_3 and angle formula_4) is as follows:

formula_5

Here, formula_6 is Euler's number, and formula_7 is often called the polar form of the complex number formula_2.

The formula is very important because it connects complex numbers and trigonometry. It can be proved using the trigonometry form of complex numbers by mathematical induction, with the help of some trigonometrical identities. It can also be proved using Euler's formula as well. 

By using this formula, any equation of the form formula_9, where "w" is complex, can be solved.


Curtiss F6C Hawk

The Curtiss F6C Hawk is an american fighter. It's a biplane aircraft made in wood and metal. Is was used by US Navy between 1925 and 1932.

Airbus Helicopters H175

The Airbus Helicopters H175 is a European helicopter built by Airbus Helicopters, subsidiary of Airbus Group. It made first flight in 2009 as Eurocopter EC-175.

Sikorsky R-4

The Sikorsky R-4 is the first military helicopter built in USA. It flown during World War II and beginning of Korea War. Some were used by US Navy, US Coast Guard and Fleet Air Arm.

-KOREAN WAR-

The R-4 was used in Korea as a rescue helicopter helping to carry wounded troops to military hospitals. Sikorsky said his greatest accomplishment with the helicopter, even better than making more space for air fields was the tens of thousands of live his invention saved through the multitude of wars it was deployed in.

Ilyushin Il-86

Ilyushin Il-86 (Илью́шин Ил-86; NATO reporting name: Camber) is a Soviet civilian aircraft. It was the first wide-body aircraft built in USSR. Some are used by Russian Air Force as a transport aircraft. This is the basis of development of the military aircraft Ilyushin Il-80.

Jon English

Jonathan James "Jon" English (26 March 1949 – 9 March 2016) was an English-born Australian singer, songwriter, musician and actor. He was an early member of the band Sebastian Hardie. He played the role of Judas Iscariot in the Australian production of the stage musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" in 1972. He also performed in Gilbert and Sullivan's operettas "The Pirates of Penzance", "The Mikado" and "H.M.S. Pinafore" from 1984. He also acted in a number of television series. As a solo singer, his best known songs were "Turn the Page", "Hollywood Seven", "Words are Not Enough", "Six Ribbons" and "Hot Town".

English was born in Hampstead, London. He moved to Sydney as a child in 1961. He had four children. He was a fan of the Parramatta Eels.

English died from an aortic aneurysm caused by surgery problems on 9 March 2016 in Newcastle, New South Wales. He was 66.

Oprichnina

Oprichnina ("опричнина") is a state policy used by Russian Tsar Ivan the Terrible between 1565 and 1572. The origin of its name is old Russian "опричь", what means 'apart', 'except', or 'special'. Oprichnina included secret police, mass repressions, public executions, and confiscation (taking somebody's property) of land from the boyars. It was created because Ivan didn't trust the boyars (Russian feudal aristocrats) anymore.

Beechcraft King Air

The Beechcraft King Air is a twin-engine aircraft designed and built in USA. It is built in two major series: King Air 90 and King Air 100. It used as light business aircraft and light transport aircraft. 

Beechcraft Super King Air is a modern variant.

Beechcraft King Air are known in the US Army as U-21 Ute, for light transport duties. In US Navy it known as T-44 Pegasus, a trainer.

Airbus Helicopters

Airbus Helicopters is a French and German company that designs and produces civilians and militaries helicopters. The headquarters is in Marignane, France. Factories are in France, Germany, and for some helicopters in the United States. 

The company was previously named Eurocopter. The name change was made 1 January 2014. It's a part of the Airbus company.

Je suis Charlie

Je suis Charlie (French for "I am Charlie") is a French slogan. It appeared at the moment of the Charlie Hebdo shooting in Paris. Very quickly it became known all over the world. These three words were never translated and used as French language. It was created by French artist Joachim Roncin.

BAC Jet Provost

The British Aircraft Corporation Jet Provost is a British military aircraft. It's a single-turbojet aircraft. It was used by nine foreign countries as a trainer. British Aircraft Corporation Strikemaster is a modern variant for light attack duties.

Danville, New Hampshire

Danville is a small town in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. New Hampshire is in New England which is in the northeastern part of the United States. Danville is in the Southeast part of New Hampshire and is in Rockingham County. Danville has Sandown to its west, Hampstead to its south, Kingston to its east, and Fremont to its north.

It is in the Timberlane Regional School District, which consists of Atkinson, Plaistow, Sandown and Danville. It has a public elementary school named Danville Elementary School. Danville Elementary School has preschool to 5th grades.

Danville has a population of 4,408 people, as of 2020.


Mass grave

A mass grave is a grave where many bodies are buried together, without coffins. Mass graves are usually created when a large number of people die or are killed. For example, in the past, they have been used when many people die at once from disease, a natural disaster, or genocide.
Different people have come up with different meanings for the phrase "mass grave." Mass graves have been defined as:

Since 1993, the United Nations has defined a mass grave as a grave where three or more people are buried together.

For centuries, people around the world have used mass graves when many people died at once from epidemics of diseases. The goal of this type of mass grave is not to disrespect the bodies of the dead. The goal is to prevent disease from spreading from the dead to the living. Also, if too many people have died, it may be impossible to bury them all separately.

For example, during outbreaks of the bubonic plague ("The Black Death") in Europe, people were terrified of catching this disease from dead bodies. Often they buried plague victims in mass graves. Daniel Defoe, who lived during the Great Plague of London in 1655-1666, wrote about one mass grave:
However, at some mass graves for plague victims, people still tried to honor the dead with Christian burial traditions.

More recently, victims of natural disasters have been buried in mass graves. Like with mass graves for disease victims, mass graves for disaster victims are not meant to disrespect the dead. In disasters where many people die, it may not be possible to bury each person one by one.

For example, after 2010 Haiti earthquake, there were tens of thousands of bodies in the Haitian capital city of Port-au-Prince. In the first nine days after the earthquake, about 90,000 people were buried in mass graves, using bulldozers. There were so many bodies that there was no room, and not enough workers, to bury them one by one.

One Haitian man, who helped bury 2,500 people in three mass graves, said: "You have to understand that it's completely un-Haitian to dump bodies like this. We have extreme respect for the dead. And these people deserve a decent burial." Later, he and other volunteers put up crosses to mark the graves, put holy water on the graves, and had a priest say prayers for the dead. Like at the mass graves for the plague victims, they were still trying to honor the dead, even though they had to bury them in mass graves.

Some areas in Japan also had to use mass graves after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In Japan, most people are cremated after they die. However, there were too many victims, and not enough kerosene to cremate them or dry ice to keep the bodies from decomposing. In one town, cremating all the town's victims would have taken 100 days. Because of this, some towns had to use mass graves to bury the dead.

Throughout history, people and governments that have murdered many people have buried them in mass graves. Unlike mass graves for victims of disease or disasters, this type of mass grave is often meant to disrespect the bodies of the dead after they are murdered.

Mass graves have been found from many of the international wars and civil wars in modern history. Here are a few examples.

During World War I, on July 19, 1916, about 2,300 British and Australian soldiers were killed in a battle with the German Army. In 2008, about 250 of their bodies were found in mass graves, where the Germans had buried them.

During The Holocaust, Nazi Germany killed six million Jewish people and millions of other people. Nobody knows exactly how many of these people are buried in mass graves. However, here are some examples of mass graves from Nazi murders:

During World War II, German soldiers who died when Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union were buried in mass graves in Eastern Europe. In 2013, the German War Graves Commission moved 70,000 soldiers from mass graves to a cemetery in Russia. This was the 82nd cemetery the Commission had built to re-bury soldiers buried in mass graves. All together, the 82 cemeteries hold more than 800,000 German soldiers. The Commission says there are at least 250,000 more German soldiers buried in mass graves throughout Eastern Europe.

The Soviet Union also used mass graves during World War II. For example, in the Piskaryovskoye Memorial Cemetery, they buried almost 500,000 civilians and soldiers in 186 mass graves. These people had died or been killed during the Siege of Leningrad.

In the Soviet Union, as many as 20 million people may have died or been murdered while Joseph Stalin ruled the government. Most of them were Soviet civilians. Many were buried in mass graves.

The biggest include:

Early on in the Korean War, South Korea killed at least 100,000 people who had been put in prison for their political beliefs. They buried many of these people in mass graves. In 2007, the South Korean Truth and Reconciliation Committee found four mass graves, with more than 400 people in them. The Committee estimates that there are about 150 mass graves in South Korea.

During the Vietnam War, in the Huế Massacre, the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese Army murdered between 2,800 and 6,000 civilians and prisoners of war. They buried the bodies in dozens of mass graves.

From 1975 to 1979, the Khmer Rouge, ruled by Pol Pot, controlled Cambodia. The Khmer Rouge committed a genocide against the Cambodian people. Historians and scientists say that there are at least 20,000 mass grave sites in the country, holding at least 1,386,734 victims of execution.

During the Bosnian War (1992-1995), the Bosnian Serb Army killed more than 8,000 Bosnian Muslims in the Srebrenica genocide. They buried them in mass graves. In 2003, mass grave specialists found a mass grave that was "as big as a tennis court." It included victims of the Srebrenica genocide. By 2006, 42 mass graves had been found around Srebrenica, and specialists think there are at least 22 more. Another 2,070 victims have been found in the graves.

During the Kosovo War (1998-1999), Serbian soldiers committed many war crimes against the Albanian people. As of 2010, six mass graves had been found in Serbia with Albanian victims inside. The largest had between 705 and 1,000 bodies in it.

The Colombian government says that in its civil war, which is still going on today, its enemies have buried at least 6,000 people in mass graves.

CNN recently wrote that the terrorist group Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) killed more than 130 men, women, and children who refused to join ISIS. They buried their bodies in mass graves.


Fred West

Frederick Walter Stephen "Fred" West (29 September 1941 – 1 January 1995) was an English serial killer. West was born in Much Marcle, Herefordshire. His convictions included sexual assault and theft.

Between 1967 and 1987, West – alone and later with his second wife, serial killer Rosemary West – tortured and raped young women and girls, murdering at least 12, including their own family members. Fred killed at least two people before collaborating with Rose, while Rose murdered Fred's stepdaughter (his first wife's biological daughter) when he was in prison for theft. Most of the murders occurred between May 1973 and August 1979, in their homes at 25 Midland Road and 25 Cromwell Street in Gloucester. Many bodies were buried at or near these homes and sometimes even in the walls of their home.

The couple were apprehended and charged in 1994. Fred West hanged himself in his prison cell before going to trial. Rose West was imprisoned for life, in November 1995, found guilty on 10+ counts of murder. Their house at Cromwell Street was demolished in 1996 and the space converted into a landscaped footpath.

Twenty One Pilots

Twenty One Pilots (often written as twenty one pilots or TØP) is an American band from Columbus, Ohio. The band was formed in 2009. Its members are Tyler Joseph and Josh Dun. They put out two albums that they released themselves, "Twenty One Pilots" in 2009 and "Regional at Best" in 2011, before being signed by Fueled by Ramen in 2012. Their first album through a record label, "Vessel", was released with Fueled by Ramen in 2013. Their next album, "Blurryface", was released on May 15, 2015 through the same label. There was also rumors of a new album release with an email to their fans that had a GIF of a horse galloping through an eye that had the caption, "ARE YOU STILL SLEEPING?" Leading to many theories that their year-long hiatus had ended. The theories were right, and the band released two songs not too long after, coming from the studio album going by the name "Trench", which has a yellow theme, and was released on the 5th of October, 2018. They released a single named "Level of Concern" on April 9, 2020. They released four singles which are named , "Choker", "Saturday" and "The Outside" in 2021, and also an album, named "Scaled and Icy" on May 21 in that same year.


Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on January 17, 1919 and went into effect a year later, the Eighteenth Amendment (Amendment XVIII) of the United States Constitution banned the making, transporting, and sale of alcoholic beverages in the United States. The Volstead Act was passed by Congress to enforce the Eighteenth Amendment. It did not prohibit the drinking of alcohol however. It started the period in American history called the Prohibition Era. This was a period of mass civil disobedience to the law. Those who could afford the higher prices of smuggled liquor went to illegal bars called speakeasies. Working class people tended to drink moonshine and so-called bathtub gin at home. The Eighteenth Amendment proved to be a major failure. Americans started drinking more than before and it caused crime to rise significantly. The Eighteenth Amendment was later repealed by the Twenty-first Amendment. It remains the only amendment to be repealed by another amendment to the Constitution.

The first clause, section one, says the law was to go into effect one year from its ratification. It was passed by Congress on December 18, 1917. The thirty-sixth state (required number for passage) to ratify the amendment did so 394 days later on January 16, 1919. The forty-seventh state to ratify the amendment was New Jersey on March 9, 1922. Rhode Island was the only state to reject ratification of the 18th Amendment.

The second clause gave the federal and state governments concurrent powers to enforce the amendment. Congress passed the national Prohibition Enforcement Act, also known as the Volstead Act. The act defined any beverage containing more than one-half of one percent an intoxicating beverage. It gave the Internal Revenue Service the power to enforce the law.

The third clause gave seven years as the time period for the states to ratify the amendment. This is the first amendment to have a limit on the time in which it was to be ratified. If it was not ratified by the required number of states in that time period, the amendment would not go into effect. Article Five of the United States Constitution requires an amendment be passed by three-quarters of the states. (36 out of the 48 states at that time.)

During the 1820s intense religious and social movements spread across the country calling alcohol and drunkenness a "national curse." They were called temperance movements. The first state to have a temperance law was Massachusetts who in 1838 enacted a law prohibiting the sale of liquor in less than quantities. In 1846, Maine passed the first state prohibition law. It was repealed two years later, still, other states also passed similar laws.

After the American Civil War, immigrants, mainly from Ireland, Germany, Italy and other parts of Europe, crowded major cities by the millions. Many of these men worked hard and drank just as hard. Beer became a favorite drink and many German-Americans who knew how to brew beer began producing it in large quantities. By the 1870s, many wives and mothers who were completely dependant on their men, began to protest having their lives ruined by alcohol. They were joined by a number of clergymen. They organized as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) and became a powerful force for change. They were joined by women such as Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. prominent in the suffrage movement (women's right to vote). The temperance movement was able to put political pressure on politicians that many were afraid of. The WCTU began calling for a nation-wide ban on alcoholic drink. At first, most Senators were against the idea. But they also did not want to be seen as voting against it. For this reason they imposed a deadline for ratification of seven years. Many hoped it would not be ratified. But the plan did not work since it was ratified just over a year after its passage.

Gustav Boess, Mayor of Berlin visited New York City in late 1929. He asked the Mayor of New York City, Jimmy Walker, when prohibition was supposed to go into effect. At that time, prohibition had already been the law of the land for over nine years. That the German mayor even had to ask shows how well the Eighteenth Amendment had been working. In fact, it was not working very well at all.

Those who supported prohibition expected the sales of household goods and clothing to go up dramatically. Many expected real estate and rents to rise as bars closed and neighborhoods were cleaned up. Many producers of soft drinks, juices and chewing gum expected sales to go up as Americans had to find new ways of entertaining themselves. None of this happened. Instead, the unintended consequences proved to be a decline in amusement and entertainment industries across the country. Restaurants failed, as they could no longer make a profit without legal liquor sales. Theater revenues declined rather than increase, and few of the other economic benefits that had been predicted came to pass. Prohibition proved to be largely negative for the economy. Jobs in breweries, distilleries and bars were lost by the thousands. Truckers, waiters, barrel makers and many other related workers had large numbers of jobs lost. Perhaps the largest unintended consequence was the loss to the government in tax revenues. The state of New York lost almost 75 percent of its revenue. The federal government lost over $11 million in tax revenues while the cost to enforce it was over $300 million.

The prohibition laws had many loopholes (ways to get around the law) that were quickly taken advantage of. The biggest loophole was that neither the Eighteenth Amendment nor the Volstead Act made it illegal to drink or be drunk in public. Farmers who grew fruit quickly learned to sell their harvests in dehydrated bricks. The warning label included instructions on how to easily turn the bricks into alcoholic drinks. Pharmacists were allowed to prescribe whiskey for any number of ailments from anxiety to the flu. As bootleggers learned of this, the number of pharmacies tripled in places like New York state. Tools and ingredients to make alcohol at home were sold in hardware and grocery stores. Books on how to make liquor were also legal. 

Drinking under prohibition did not stop, it simply went underground. In New York City alone there were thousands of speakeasy clubs. The mob made millions in illegal sales of alcohol on the black market. Most Americans simply ignored the law. The agents who enforced prohibition laws were poorly paid and were easily bribed. Gangsters made money and became powerful under prohibition. They even cooperated with one another in setting prices. Organized crime gained a national foothold due to prohibition. One of the better known gangsters was Al Capone. When Capone arrived in Chicago in 1920 he immediately saw the opportunities that prohibition offered. He organized illegal bootlegging on an international scale. He even controlled the distribution of his alcohol. He hired his own delivery trucks, salespeople, and his own heavily armed guards to protect his investments. Capone was making over $100 million a year. He had no trouble bribing all the politicians and law enforcement members in his district.


Rockingham County, New Hampshire

Rockingham County is a county in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.

Atkinson, New Hampshire

Atkinson is a small town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire.

Sandown, New Hampshire

Sandown is a small town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire.

Messerschmitt Me 163

The Messerschmitt Me 163 is a German military aircraft used during World War II. It was a rocket-powered aircraft. It was designed by Lippisch.

The plane weighed 4200 pounds when it was empty and almost 10,000 pounds when it was full. It could fly 560 miles per hour. During the last part of World War II, Messerchmitts fought B-17 bombers over Germany. About 18 B-17s were shot down and about 10 Messerschmitts were shot down.

The fuel the Messerschmitts used sometimes exploded.

Mil Mi-8

The Mil Mi-8 is one of the most famous helicopters built in USSR during the Cold War. It is used for transport and attack by more than 50 countries in the world. It's the basis of Mil Mi-14 and Mil Mi-17 helicopters.


Yellow-bellied glider

The yellow-bellied glider ("Petaurus australis") is an arboreal and nocturnal gliding possum. It lives in the native eucalypt forests right down eastern Australia, from northern Queensland to Victoria.

The yellow-bellied glider lives in forests and woodlands in eastern Australia and is found at a range of altitudes from sea level to 1400 metres.

In North Queensland, the sub-species lives at over 700 m above sea level. There are 13 different populations in three places where this glider lives in North Queensland. One population lives on Mount Windsor Tableland, another on Mount Carbine Tableland, and the third lives in a linear habitat from Atherton to Kirrama on the Atherton Tableland. These three populations together have about 6000 individual gliders. With their habitat in danger, the yellow-bellied glider is classified as uncommon to rare and is named vulnerable to the tropics. This species is more widespread in southern Queensland, NSW and Victoria.

The yellow-bellied glider is and spends the day in a leaf-lined tree hole, which is usually shared with other members of the same family. It is also one of the most vocal possum gliders. It has a distinctive growling call that it uses as means of communication. A recording of the distinctive call can be heard at 

It eats nectar, honeydew, insects, pollen and a wide spread of tree sap. 

Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on August 18, 1920, Nineteenth Amendment (Amendment XIX) to the United States Constitution granted American women the right to vote. The amendment marked the end of a long struggle for women in the United States that began in the mid-nineteenth century. The movement, called women's suffrage, marked a radical change in how women were viewed in America. When the Constitution was written, it was accepted that a woman did not have a separate legal identity from her husband. Women's suffrage challenged that concept. The Nineteenth Amendment overturned an earlier decision by the United States Supreme Court in "Minor v. Happersett". The Court held that the right to vote, guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment to all citizens of the United States, did not apply to women. Women were citizens, but did not have the right to vote. The Nineteenth Amendment was first introduced in Congress in 1878 by Senator Aaron A. Sargent. The bill calling for the amendment was introduced unsuccessfully every year for the next 40 years. Finally, in 1919, Congress approved the amendment and submitted it to the states for ratification. A year later Tennessee gave the final vote needed to add the amendment to the Constitution. 

In Colonial America, women had fixed gender roles they learned from their mothers. Growing up, a woman was legally subordinate to her father. When she was married she became a "feme covert" (French: a married woman). Her property and her legal status transferred to her husband. The intent of this protected-class status was to protect women from the evils men dealt with including politics. In addition, the custom was also used to ban women from professional jobs, higher education, voting, serving on juries and testifying in court. Single women were limited to the jobs of teaching and nursing.

In 1848, the women's suffrage movement began on a national level. A convention in Seneca Falls, New York was organized by abolitionists Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Lucretia Mott that also demanded a woman's right to vote. Susan B. Anthony, along with other activists, joined Mott and Stanton in forming organizations that demanded the right to vote. Many of the early organizers never lived to see the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment some 70 years later.

When the Nineteenth Amendment became law, it guaranteed the right to vote could not be denied on account of sex. However, it was not the same as women being allowed to vote. The Supreme Court case of "Leser v. Garnett" (1922), while not intended to do so, established this right. The plaintiffs challenged the Nineteenth Amendment as being unconstitutional. They argued first, that the amendment was invalid because it increased the electorate without the state of Maryland's consent. They argued secondly that ratification was based on several states that denied women the right to vote in their state constitutions and therefore their legislatures did not have the right to ratify the amendment. The third argument was that the last two states to ratify the amendment, Tennessee and West Virginia, violated their own rules of procedure.

In a unanimous decision, the court rejected all three arguments. The first argument is invalid because wording was almost the same as the Fifteenth Amendment. Each used the same method of adoption so one cannot be valid and the other invalid. The second argument, that certain state legislatures did not have the power to ratify based on their own constitutions, is rejected because they were ratifying an amendment to the federal Constitution, and so is a federal function. The Court ruled the third argument a moot point because two other states after Tennessee and West Virginia (Connecticut and Vermont) who followed their own procedures would have been enough to ratify the amendment. But in addressing the substance of the argument, the Court went on to point out that the Secretaries of State of Tennessee and West Virginia each accepted the ratification by the legislatures making the ratification by those two states valid. The Nineteenth Amendment gave women the right to vote but "Lesser" made it certain the right could be used even in states where the state constitution did not allow it.


Ken Adam

Sir Kenneth Hugo Adam (born Klaus Hugo Adam; 5 February 1921 – 10 March 2016) was a German-born British movie production designer. He was born in Berlin. Adam was best known for his set designs for the James Bond movies of the 1960s and 1970s, as well as for "Dr. Strangelove". He won two Academy Awards (1975, 1994) and two BAFTA Awards (1964, 1965).

Adam died in London on 10 March 2016, aged 95.


Lloyd Shapley

Lloyd Stowell Shapley (June 2, 1923 – March 12, 2016) was an American mathematician and economist. He was known for his work on mathematical economics and especially game theory. Since the work of von Neumann and Morgenstern in 1940s, Shapley has been thought by many experts as the very creator of game theory. 

With Alvin E. Roth, Shapley won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Economics "for the theory of stable allocations and the practice of market design". In recent years, he worked at the University of California, Los Angeles.

Shapley was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He studied at Princeton University and at Harvard University. Shapley died on March 12, 2016 in Tucson, Arizona from complications of a broken hip. He was aged 92.

Ray Griff

Raymond "Ray" Griff (April 22, 1940 – March 9, 2016) was a Canadian country music singer-songwriter. He was from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

Griff began songwriting in the early 1960s. Griff moved to Nashville in 1964 to pursue his music career full-time. His first records as a singer were released in the late 1960s. Griff had his first hit, "Patches", a remake of the Clarence Carter soul hit in 1970 which peaked at No. 26 in "Billboard". 

Griff recorded for the small country label Royal American and later moved on to Dot Records without much success. His stint at Capitol Records from 1975-1979 was more successful, racking up eight more country top 40 hits, the most successful being 1976's "If I Let Her Come In" which peaked at No. 11.

Griff died in Canada from pneumonia after going through surgery on March 9, 2016. He was aged 75.

Naná Vasconcelos

Naná Vasconcelos (2 August 1944 – 9 March 2016) was a Brazilian percussionist, vocalist and berimbau player. He was known for his work as a solo artist on over two dozen albums, He worked with Pat Metheny, Don Cherry, Egberto Gismonti, Gato Barbieri and Milton Nascimento. He was born in Recife, Brazil.

Vasconcelos died in Recife, Brazil from lung cancer on 9 March 2016. He was aged 71.

Richard Davalos

Richard Davalos (November 5, 1930 – March 8, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Aaon Tusk in "East of Eden" and as Blind Dick in "Cool Hand Luke". He was born in The Bronx, New York. His career began in 1953. He retired in 2008.

Davalos died on March 8, 2016 at a hospital in Burbank, California. He was aged 85.


Article Seven of the United States Constitution

Article Seven of the United States Constitution explains what needs to happen for the Constitution to be approved. It says that nine states need to ratify the Constitution before it takes effect. To ratify the Constitution, a special group in each state called a Convention would have to approve the Constitution.

In Simple English, this means: The approval of nine states' Conventions will be enough to make this Constitution official in those states. 

Before the United States Constitution was passed, the United States had another constitution called the Articles of Confederation. These Articles made the United States into a confederation. The legislature of the confederation government was called the Congress of the Confederation.

After a few years, the Founding Fathers decided the United States needed a new constitution and a new form of government. They formed a group called the Constitutional Convention to write a new constitution. The group finished its final version of the Constitution on September 17, 1787. Three days later, the Convention gave its suggested Constitution to the Congress of the Confederation to get its support.

The Congress debated a lot about the Constitution. Members of Congress did not agree on whether Congress should support the new Constitution or not. On September 28, the Congress came to a compromise. They decided just to give the states the Constitution and let them vote on it. Congress would not suggest that the states pass the Constitution, or that they not pass it. This way, the decision would truly be up to the states; no state would be affected by Congress's opinion.

In 1787 and 1788, there were debates across the United States about the suggested new Constitution. Each state's Convention would have to vote on the Constitution. For a state to ratify the Constitution, more than half of the members of its Convention would have to vote for the Constitution.

On December 7, 1787, Delaware became the first state to ratify the suggested Constitution. All 30 of the members of its Convention voted for the Constitution.

On June 21, 1788, New Hampshire became the ninth state to approve the Constitution. Now that nine states had ratified the Constitution, it became the highest and most important law of the United States. The United States would have a new form of government, based on the ideas set out in the Constitution.

However, four states still had not approved the Constitution. These states were Virginia, New York, North Carolina, and Rhode Island. If they did not approve the Constitution, they would not be a part of the new government of the United States.

The Congress of the Confederation decided that the United States would start using the new Constitution on March 4, 1789. Before that day, Virginia and New York ratified the Constitution. However, when the first United States Congress gathered on March 4 to form the new government, North Carolina and Rhode Island still had not approved the Constitution. After the new Congress added the Bill of Rights to the Constitution, though, North Carolina and Rhode Island ratified the Constitution.

The Constitution was ratified by the states in this order:


Roberto Perfumo

Roberto Alfredo Perfumo (3 October 1942 – 10 March 2016) was an Argentine footballer and sports commentator. He was nicknamed "El Mariscal". He was thought as one of the best Argentine defenders ever. Perfumo played for Racing, River Plate and Brazilian team Cruzeiro. With the national team, he played the 1966 and 1974 World Cups.

Perfumo died at 73 from a skull injury after falling from a stairway in Buenos Aires on 10 March 2016.

Aldo Ferrer

Aldo Ferrer (April 15, 1927 – March 8, 2016) was an Argentine economist and policy maker. Ferrer was one of the leading figures of economic nationalism in Argentina. He served as Minister of Economy from 1970 through 1971. He later served as an ambassador to France from Argentine. He served as ambassador from 2011 through 2013. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Ferrer died in Buenos Aires on March 8, 2016. He was aged 88.

Article Six of the United States Constitution

Article Six of the United States Constitution says that the Constitution, and any laws or treaties the United States might make, will be the most important laws in the United States. It also says that the United States will pay debts from before the Constitution was written. Finally, it says that members of the United States government have to swear that they will obey the Constitution. However, they will never have to swear that they follow a certain religion.

Before the United States Constitution was written, the United States had another constitution called the Articles of Confederation. The Articles made the states into a Confederation.

The first part of Article Six says that the United States will still honor and pay all of its debts from before the Constitution was written. The Article says that "these debts are as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as [they were] under the Confederation [governed by the Articles of Confederation]."

The second clause of Article Six is often called the "Supremacy Clause." It says that these things are the "supreme" laws in the United States the most powerful and most important laws in the country:

Because these laws are supreme:

For example, part of the Constitution called the Bill of Rights gives people the right to freedom of religion. Because the Constitution is the supreme law of the land:

A few Supreme Court decisions helped make the Supremacy Clause clearer.

The first important case was "Marbury v. Madison" (1803). In this case, the Supreme Court ruled that it had the power to review state courts' decisions, if those decisions seemed like they did not follow the supreme law. This power is called judicial review.

In "Martin v. Hunter's Lessee" (1816), the United States Supreme Court ruled that it was more powerful than the state Supreme Courts. In the case, the Virginia Supreme Court said that a United States Supreme Court decision was unconstitutional, and told all of the Virginia state courts not to obey it. The United States Supreme Court ruled that it had the final say in legal issues that had to do with federal laws not the state courts. If a state court and the United States Supreme Court disagree, the Supreme Court is the supreme law of the land.

Three years later, in "McCulloch v. Maryland" (1819), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that states cannot control federal institutions. The state of Maryland had tried to tax a federal bank. The Supreme Court ruled that states cannot tax government property. This was another example of a case where the U.S. Supreme Court decided that the "supreme laws of the land" were more powerful than state laws or court decisions.

In 1824, the Supreme Court ruled on "Gibbons v. Ogden" (1824). The state of New York had given Aaron Ogden a monopoly over the steamboat business in the Hudson River. However, Thomas Gibbons got the same power from a federal government permit. The Supreme Court decided that the federal permit was more powerful than the state monopoly. Supreme Court Justice John Marshall wrote: 
Finally, in "Reid v. Covert" (1957), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that no branch of the United States government can be given extra powers by a treaty, if those powers were not given to it by the Constitution. This case showed that the Constitution could even limit the power of treaties, and was truly the supreme law of the land.

The last part of Article Six is sometimes called the "No Religious Test Clause."

This clause says that people have to swear to support the Constitution if they are:

Congress gets to decide the exact words in this oath to support the Constitution. However, in this oath, they cannot require a "religious test." This means they cannot make a person swear that they follow a certain religion.

Under this clause, Congress may include the words "so help me God" in the oath. However, a person cannot be required to say those words. A person cannot be required to swear or say anything about religion in order to work for the United States government.

During the 1960 presidential campaign, John F. Kennedy was running for President. If he were elected, he would be the first Catholic president ever. Many people were unsure that Americans should elect a Catholic as president. This raised the question of whether Americans not their government were requiring a "religious test" for their President. Would they require that a President be a Protestant in order to get elected? 

On September 12, 1960, Kennedy talked about this issue directly in his :

Kennedy won the election.


David S. Johnson

David Stifler Johnson (December 9, 1945 – March 8, 2016) was an American computer scientist. He was known for his works in algorithms and optimization. He was the head of the Algorithms and Optimization Department of AT&T Labs Research from 1988 to 2013. He was a visiting professor at Columbia University from 2014 to 2016. He was awarded the 2010 Knuth Prize.

Johnson died on March 8, 2016 at the age of 70.

Alfred E. Senn

Alfred Erich Senn (April 12, 1932 – March 8, 2016) was an American professor of history. He worked at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Senn was born in Madison, Wisconsin. Senn was the author of eight books. He taught about the history of Lithuania.

Senn died in Madison, Wisconsin at the age of 83.


Bill Wade

William James "Bill" Wade (October 4, 1930 – March 9, 2016) was an American football quarterback. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL). He was thought as one of the greatest athletes in Nashville and Vanderbilt University history.

Wade was a member of the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame. He was best known for being the starting quarterback on the Chicago Bears' 1963 NFL championship team. He also played for the Los Angeles Rams.

Wade died in Nashville, Tennessee on March 9, 2016. He was aged 85.

Rafiq Azad

Rafiq Azad (born Rafiqul Islam Khan; February 14, 1942 – March 12, 2016) was a Bangladeshi poet, editor and writer. He was born in Tangail. He wrote over 45 collections of poetry including "Prakriti O Premer Kabita, Asambhaber Paye, Sahasra Sundar, Haturir Nichae Jiban, Khub Beshi Durea Noy, Khamakaro Bahaman Hey Udar Amiyo Batas" and others. He was a freedom fighter during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971. Azad was called as one of the most important young poets in the post-Liberation War period.

Azad died in Dhaka, Bangladesh from a stroke on March 12, 2016. He was aged 74.

József Verebes

József Verebes (23 March 1941 – 13 March 2016) was a Hungarian football manager and player. He was born in Budapest. Verebes played for Ferencvárosi TC from 1961 through 1962. He managed the Hungary national football team in 1987.

On 15 October 2010, Verebes became the coach of Nagytétény SE, competing in the Budapest championship. Verebes became the advisor of his former club Rába ETO in 2011.

Verebes died in Budapest from complications of a stroke at the age of 74.

Martin Olav Sabo

Martin Olav Sabo (February 28, 1938 – March 13, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL). He served as a United States Representative for , which includes Minneapolis. He served as a representative from 1979 through 2007. 

Sabo was born in Crosby, North Dakota. He studied at Augsburg College. Sabo died in Minneapolis, Minnesota from respiratory failure, aged 78.



Iolanda Balaș

Iolanda Balaș (, , later "Balázs-Sőtér Jolán"; 12 December 1936 – 11 March 2016) was a Romanian Olympic athlete. She was a champion and former world record holder in the women's high jump. She was the first Romanian woman to win an Olympic gold medal and is considered to have been one of the greatest high jumpers of the twentieth century.

Balaș was diagnosed several years ago with type II diabetes. She died in Bucharest, Romania from complications from a gastric disorder, at the age of 79.

Bill Gadsby

William Alexander Gadsby (August 8, 1927 – March 10, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, New York Rangers, and Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League. He was born in Calgary, Alberta.

Gadsby died in Farmington Hills, Michigan on March 10, 2016. He was aged 88.

Ernestine Anderson

Ernestine Anderson (November 11, 1928 – March 10, 2016) was an American jazz and blues singer. She recorded over 30 albums. She was nominated four times for a Grammy Award. 

She sung at Carnegie Hall, the Kennedy Center, the Monterey Jazz Festival (six times over a 33-year span), as well as at jazz festivals all over the world. In the early 1990s she joined Qwest Records, the label of fellow Garfield High School grad Quincy Jones. Her career lasted for 60 years. Anderson was born in Houston, Texas.

Anderson died in her sleep in Seattle, Washington on March 10, 2016. She was aged 87.

Claude Estier

Claude Estier (8 June 1925 – 10 March 2016), born Claude Hasday Ezratty, was a French politician and journalist. He was deputy of Paris in 1967-1968 and again in 1981-1986. He was then Senator from 1986 to 2004 and was President of the Socialist group in the Senate from 1988 to 2004. In 1955 he joined the political redaction of Le Monde. He quit in 1958.

Louis Meyers

Louis Jay Meyers (June 21, 1955 – March 11, 2016) was an American festival organizer and co-founder of South By Southwest. He was born in Austin, Texas. Meyers was the event’s primary music booker until he sold his share in the event after the 1994 conference. Meyers was also an multi-instrumentalist and producer. From 2005 to 2013, Meyers was executive director of Folk Alliance International.

Meyers was admitted to a hospital in Austin on March 10, 2016 and initially was diagnosed with blood clots. He then died of a suspected heart attack the next day at his home. He was aged 60.

Gogi Grant

Myrtle Audrey Arinsberg (September 20, 1924 – March 10, 2016), known as Gogi Grant, was an American popular singer. She was best known for her No. 1 hit in 1956, "The Wayward Wind". She was voted the most popular female vocalist by "Billboard" magazine. This single returned to the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1961. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Grant died on March 10, 2016 in Philadelphia, aged 91. Her death was announced by her son, Joshua Beckett. She also had a daughter, Jeri Brown.

Jovito Salonga

Jovito "Jovy" Reyes Salonga (June 22, 1920 – March 10, 2016) was a Filipino statesman and lawyer. He was known as a leading opposition leader during the regime of Ferdinand Marcos. He served as the opposition leader from 1972 until the People Power Revolution in 1986, which removed Marcos from power. Salonga was the 14th President of the Senate of the Philippines serving from 1987 to 1992.

Salonga died in March 10, 2016 from cardiac arrest in Quezon City. He was aged 95.

Dragan Nikolić

Dragoslav "Dragan" Nikolić (; 20 August 1943 – 11 March 2016) was a Serbian actor. He was born in Belgrade. In 1967 he starred in the movie "Kad budem mrtav i beo". Nikolić has since appeared in many movies of different genres. He was one of the most well-known actors in Serbian cinema. 

In 2000, he received the "Pavle Vuisić" Award for his lifework. From 2011 to 2013, he was the television host on the Serbian edition of quiz "Millionaire".

Nikolić died in Belgrade from cancer at the age of 72.

Rómulo Macció

Romulo Macció (1931 – 11 March 2016) was an Argentine painter. He worked with the local avant-garde art movement which took shape during the 1960s. He was born in Buenos Aires. 

Macció described much of the genteel portrait and landscape art available at that time as "pink chocolate." He was awarded the De Ridder Prize in 1959 and the Torcuato di Tella Institute International Prize in 1962. He helped create the Neo-figurative movement that swept Latin American art during the 1960s. 

Macció died in Buenos Aires on 11 March 2016. He was aged 84.


Lawrence Van Gelder

Lawrence Van Gelder (February 17, 1933 – March 11, 2016) was an American journalist and instructor. He has worked at several different New York City-based newspapers in his long career. He was born in New York City.

Until 2010, he was senior editor of the Arts and Leisure weekly section of "The New York Times" as well as a movie critic. Among the newspapers for which Van Gelder has worked are the "New York Daily Mirror", the "New York Journal-American" and the "World-Journal-Tribune".

Gelder died of leiomyosarcoma (soft muscle cancer) on March 11, 2016, aged 83.

South Gyeongsang Province

South Gyeongsang is a province in South Korea. It has cities including its capital Changwon, Gimhae, and Sangju. South Gyeongsang's governor is Park Wan-su.

In 1895, Gyeongsang-do divided. In the south, the west was called Jinju, and the east Dongnae. In 1896, Jinju and Dongnae joined, making Gyeongsangnam-do. In 1896 the provincial capital was Jinju, but it changed to Busan in 1925. In 1963, Busan separated, so in 1983 the provincial capital moved to Changwon. Ulsan separated in 1997.

South Gyeongsang's area is 10531.1km². It occupies 10.6% of South Korea's whole area. South Gyeongsang's area is the fourth largest of the 16 cities and provinces.

South Gyeongsang's population is 3,364,695 and the population density is 307/km².

There are 8 cities and 10 counties in South Gyeongsang.


Aphelion (disambiguation)

Aphelion might mean:


Sikorsky S-76

The Sikorsky S-76 is an American helicopter. It is used both by civil and military aviation.

Fairey Hendon

The Fairey Hendon is the first British bomber built in metal. It was designed for night flight. It was used only by the RAF.


2016 Saxony-Anhalt state election

The Saxony-Anhalt state election was held on 13 March 2016 in the German State of Saxony-Anhalt for the next composition of the Parliament of Saxony-Anhalt. The incumbent Governor is Reiner Haseloff of the CDU, governing with the SPD.


The only realistic possibility would be a coalition government of the CDU, SPD and the Greens. Together, they would have a 2-seat majority . Other combinations (such as the CDU and The Left or CDU and AfD) are highly unlikely. The stark differences among the parties will make it harder for negotiations to create a coalition.
The reference for the polls is wahlrecht.de.


North American Aviation A3J Vigilante

The North American Aviation A3J Vigilante is an American reconnaissance and attack aircraft. It served with US Navy onto aircraft carrier. After September 1962 A3J Vigilante began A-5 Vigilante.

Twentieth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on January 23, 1933, the Twentieth Amendment (Amendment XX) to the United States Constitution moved the beginning and ending of the terms of the president and vice president from March 4 to January 20. It moved the start and end dates for members of Congress from March 1 to January 21. In both cases the start and end time is at noon. It also gives the procedure to follow if for some reason there is no president-elect.

In the later part of the eighteenth century, when the Constitution was written, travel and communications were both very slow by modern standards. To cross the Atlantic Ocean could take several weeks. Traveling by horseback or by carriage on crude roads in the US could take even longer. Communications were mainly by letter or messenger. For these reasons the framers of the Constitution allowed for the longer periods of time it took to send and receive messages. Four months, the time from the election in November to the swearing-in in March, was necessary at the time.

By the 1930s, a railroad passenger could cross the country in 3 days. The Post Office had been using airmail since 1918. But vastly improved travel times and communications were not the only reasons behind the Twentieth Amendment. The joint resolution calling for the amendment was sponsored by Republican Senator George William Norris of Nebraska. Called the "Lame Duck" Amendment, it acquired this name because Norris wanted to eliminate the lame-duck sessions of Congress where outgoing members still held office and voted on bills for several months before the new members could be sworn in. The bill he wrote applied to both houses of Congress, the offices of President and Vice-President.

Another area the amendment addressed was with the succession of the president if the president-elect died before taking office. It provides for the vice-president elect to become the president-elect and take office on January 20. The amendment also give Congress the power to legislate on other issues dealing with the succession of the president.

The sessions of Congress between the election and the beginning of a new term are called "lame duck" sessions because members of Congress who were voted out of office still attend and can still vote. Originally the term "lame duck" was a financial term meaning those who could not repay a loan. As used in politics, a representative who lost an election was no longer accountable to the voters. As the framers of the Twentieth Amendment saw it, lame duck representatives should not be able to vote since voters had already rejected their views. The Twentieth Amendment only shortened the lame duck period by six weeks. Between 1933 and 2012, 18 lame-duck sessions of Congress have passed laws. 


Noura Ghazi

Noura Ghazi (نورة غازي) also Noura Ghazi al-Safadi ( نورة غازي الصفدي ) was born September 30 1981 in Damascus, Syria. She is a Syrian lawyer. Her husband, Bassel disappeared in Syria in 2014.

Ghazi's father was an activist for workers. When Ghazi was five years old, her father was sent to prison by the Supreme Court of State Security. Noura Ghazi studied law at Damascus University.

Ghazi became a human rights lawyer in 2004. She defends people who are in jail because they are prisoners of conscience in Syria.

Ghazi's husband Bassel Khartabil (Arabic: باسل خرطبيل‎), or Bassel Safadi (Arabic: باسل صفدي‎), a Syrian-Palestinian who wrote open-source software, was arrested on March 15, 2012. They were married at Adra prison on January 7, 2013.

While Bassel was in prison, from 2012-2015, Ghazi wrote a book about him called "Waiting". Bassel translated the book into English.


Preamble to the United States Constitution

The Preamble to the United States Constitution is a brief introduction to the Constitution's purposes and guiding principles. It provides the Founding Fathers' intentions for creating the Constitution and what they hoped the Constitution would achieve. It was added to the Constitution as an afterthought and was not discussed on the floor of the Constitutional Convention nor was it voted on. Gouverneur Morris, one of the writers of the Constitution, wrote and added it at the last moment. The Preamble itself did not have any legal meaning. The Supreme Court upheld this view in "Jacobson v. Massachusetts" (1905).

"We the People" means all of the citizens of the United States.
The first few words of the Preamble "We the People of the United States" were very different than any treaty or law the United States had ever written before. For example, the United States' first constitution, the Articles of Confederation, describes itself as "Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union between the States," and then gives a list of all thirteen states. The treaties the United States had signed were the same. They were agreements between states, not people.

At the time, Gouverneur Morris chose to write "We the People" instead of saying "We the United States of..." and then listing all thirteen states. First of all, Article Seven of the Constitution said that only nine states had to approve the Constitution for it to take effect. At the time, nobody knew which states would ratify the Constitution and which would not. Because of this, the Preamble could not list all thirteen states as if they had all already agreed. Also, if other states joined the United States later, it would be impossible to add their names to the list. For these reasons, the Preamble had to start with "We the People."
The words "We the People" turned into a strong statement that this new government was made by the people of the United States, to benefit the people of the United States. When Virginia's delegates were debating the Constitution, Governor Edmund Randolph pointed out: "The government is for the people; and the [problem] was, that the people had no [power] in the government before." If the people are going to have to follow the government, he said, should not the people be the ones to create that government?

"In order to form a more perfect union" is a concept most likely based on "Commentaries on the Laws of England" by Sir William Blackstone. It was widely read at the time and many of the framers were students of his work. Blackstone stated the constitution of England was perfect, but steadily improving. The phrase "a more perfect union" simply meant a better one than any before the Constitution.

Before the government based on the Constitution, the United States was based on the Articles of Confederation. However, had very little power as a federal government. They did not give the United States government enough power for the country to work and grow. Every state was for itself, instead of working cooperatively. Sometimes they acted like thirteen separate countries that would only come together if another country attacked them.
"Establish justice" meant to establish the rule of law. It meant that everyone was equal before the law with no distinction between the status or wealth of a person. With their new government, the Founding Fathers wanted to establish (create) justice and fairness. When the British Empire governed the American colonies, the colonists did not think the government was fair. For example, Parliament would decide that the colonists had to pay taxes on items like stamps and things that were made in other countries. The colonists did not have any say in this.

Even after the United States became independent, many of the Founding Fathers thought that the states had too much power under the Articles of Confederation. They thought the states had taken away people's rights.

For example, during the Shays' Rebellion in Springfield, Massachusetts, the state of Massachusetts:

Shays' Rebellion was still fresh in the minds of the framers. It cause many to fear the spirit of the American Revolutionary War might be getting out of hand. There was a need to keep peace in the new country

Just five years after the Articles of Confederation were ratified in 1781, many Americans were unhappy with the Articles. Many of the Founding Fathers thought that the Articles had made the United States government too weak. Shays' Rebellion made it very clear that the national government under the Articles of Confederation was not strong enough. Daniel Shays, a veteran of the American Revolutionary War, led the rebel farmers trying to overthrow the Massachusetts government. The farmers had formed an entire army, which neither the state or federal governments had enough soldiers or money to fight. In desperation Massachusetts offered to pay for a private army to fight the rebellion. Finally, in 1787, that private army defeated the rebels.

John Jay, one of the Founding Fathers, said that after the United States government could not pay for soldiers to defend against any armed rebellion: "the inefficiency of the Federal government [became] more and more [obvious]." Another Founding Father, Henry Knox, said that Shays' Rebellion convinced many people that the United States needed a stronger federal government. The Rebellion made it clear that the states were not protected, and if they were attacked, they would be on their own. 

"Provide for the common defense" meant the framers were well aware that independence from Great Britain did not mean they were secure. British Canada to the north was still full of angry loyalists. To the west were unknown numbers of hostile Native American tribes. Farther west was the vast Louisiana territory held by France. To the south the Spanish held Florida. Worse, these powers were fighting a series of wars in Europe that affected much of North America. The framers knew America needed to protect itself. Providing for the common defence meant the new government would make sure all of the states were protected and defended if attacked.

"Promote the general welfare" is the basic goal of all governments. It was the main reason for having a constitution.

In general, this part of the Preamble means that one of the new government's jobs would be to make things better for the whole country. Specifically, this part of the Preamble has to do with the government's powers to tax people and spend money. It means that the new government will only have the power to tax and spend on things that are good for the entire country. The government will not be allowed to spend money on things that will be good for only a part of the country, or only some people in the country.

For example, of the Constitution gives Congress the power to tax people and spend money on creating Post Offices and building roads for mail carriers to use. Congress can do this because Post Offices will "promote the general Welfare"—everybody in the country will benefit from being able to send and get mail.

"Secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity" was important since many had come to America from places with little political or religious freedom. This phrase demonstrates the intent of the new government to protect the newly-won freedoms and protect against a tyrannical government.

However, the Articles of Confederation were all about the states' rights. At that time, many people were afraid of having a federal government that was too strong. These people were called anti-federalists. They included some of the Founding Fathers, like Patrick Henry and James Monroe. The anti-federalists worried that a strong federal government could become tyrannical and take away the rights of individual states, like they thought the British colonial government had done. They also worried that a government ruled by a President might turn into a monarchy, where the President would become a King and have total power. Because of these worries, the Articles of Confederation talked all about states' rights, and not about individual people's rights. The framers wanted to establish these rights for the people of the United States and their "posterity" meaning all the generations of Americans who would follow.

"Do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America" is perhaps the strongest statement in the Preamble. It says in effect that the people made the Constitution and it is the people who give it power.
The Preamble to the United States Constitution, is the beginning of the Constitution. It is not a law. Instead, it talks about the Founding Fathers' reasons for writing the Constitution, and what they hope the Constitution will do.


Thelma Aldana

Thelma Aldana or Thelma Esperanza Aldana Hernández de López (born September 27, 1955), is a Guatemalan lawyer. She became a judge in the Supreme Court in 2009. She was elected president of the Supreme Court from 2011 to 2011. In 2013 she replaced Claudia Paz y Paz as Guatemala’s attorney general.

Aldana graduated from the University of San Carlos in Guatemala. She has a Master's degree in Civil and Procedural Law.

In 2011, when she was president of the Supreme Court, Aldana started special courts in Guatemala for femicide cases. Killing women, and violence against women became a crime in Guatemala. Eleven districts now have the special courts. Judges and police officers receive special gender crime training. Every year there are 56,000 reports of violence against women.

In 2015 Aldana led an investigation into government corruption. As a result, the president of Guatemala resigned.



Suranimala Rajapaksha

Jayasinghe Rajapakse Mohottige Don Suranimala Rajapaksha (Sinhala:සුරනිමල රාජපක්ෂ) (5 January 1949 – 14 March 2016) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was first elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka in 1994. He was the Minister of School Education in Republic Socialist of Sri Lanka in 2001 to 2004. He was a member of the United National Party (UNP) and a member of UNP Working Committee. He was appointed as the Coordinating secretary to the Prime Minister Ranil Wickremasinghe on 27 January 2015.

Rajapaksha died on 14 March 2016 at a hospital in Colombo, Sri Lanka from renal failure. He was aged 67.

Doreen Massey

Doreen Barbara Massey FRSA FBA FAcSS (3 January 1944 – 11 March 2016) was a British social scientist and geographer. She was working among others on topics involving Marxist geography, feminist geography, and cultural geography. Her work on space, place and power has been highly helpful within a range of related disciplines and research fields. She served as Emeritus Professor of Geography at the Open University.

Massey died on 11 March 2016 from pancreatic cancer. She was aged 72.


Hilary Putnam

Hilary Whitehall Putnam (July 31, 1926 – March 13, 2016) was an American philosopher, mathematician, and computer scientist. He was a central figure in analytic philosophy from the 1960s. He worked in philosophy of mind, philosophy of language, philosophy of mathematics, and philosophy of science. Until his death, Putnam was Cogan University Professor Emeritus at Harvard University.

Putnam was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Harvard University, at University of Pennsylvania and at the University of California, Los Angeles. Putnam died on March 13, 2016 from mesothelioma at his home in Boston, Massachusetts. He was aged 89.


Davy Walsh

David Joseph Walsh (28 April 1923 – 14 March 2016), commonly referred to as Davy Walsh or Dave Walsh, was an Irish footballer. He was born in Waterford, Ireland.

He played as a centre forward for, among others, Linfield, West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa. Walsh was a dual international. He played for both Ireland teams – the FAI XI and the IFA XI. 

In 1949, he was a member of the FAI XI that defeated England 2–0 at Goodison Park, becoming the first team to beat England at home.

Walsh died on 14 March 2016 from pneumonia in Dublin, Ireland. He was aged 92.


San Francisco (disambiguation)

San Francisco is a combined city/county in the U.S. state of California.

San Francisco may also refer to:






Sergio Arellano Stark

Sergio Arellano Stark (10 June 1921 – 9 March 2016) was a Chilean military officer. He led the so-called “Caravan of Death". It killed many Chileans from helicopters and established Augusto Pinochet’s hold on power. He was born in Santiago, Chile.

Stark died in Santiago, Chile on 9 March 2016 from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 94.

Martha Wright

Martha Wright, born Martha Lucile Wiederrecht (March 23, 1923 – March 1, 2016), was an American actress and singer. She performed on Broadway and on television. She was in "South Pacific" and "The Sound of Music". 

Wright died at the age of 92 in Newburyport, Massachusetts on March 1, 2016.


Thomas G. Morris

Thomas Gayle Morris (August 20, 1919 – March 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in Eastland County, Texas. Morris served in the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1953 to 1958. He was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1958. Morris began serving on January 3, 1959, and left office January 3, 1969, after being defeated for re-election.

Morris died in Amarillo, Texas on March 4, 2016 at the age of 96.

Morgan F. Murphy

Morgan Francis Murphy (April 16, 1932 – March 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Illinois's 2nd district. He served from 1973 through 1981. He replaced Abner J. Mikva. He later served as a U.S. representative for Illinois's 3rd district. He served from 1971 through 1973.

Murphy died in Chicago, Illinois from prostate cancer on March 4, 2016. He was aged 83.

Article Five of the United States Constitution

Article Five of the United States Constitution outlines how the Constitution can be changed. Changes to the Constitution are called Constitutional amendments.

Article Five also says that there are certain clauses, or parts, of Article One of the Constitution that could not be amended right away. These clauses are explained in the "Protected clauses" section.

Before the Constitution was approved, the United States was covered by its first constitution, the Articles of Confederation.

Under the Articles of Confederation, amendments had to be approved by a unanimous vote in all 13 state legislatures. Not only did every state legislature have to agree on the amendment. If a single state Senator or Representative in the country disagreed with an amendment, the amendment would fail. This made it basically impossible to get any amendments passed.

When the Founding Fathers wrote Article Five, they were trying to make sure changing the Constitution was not too hard, but not too easy either. James Madison later explained that the amendment process in the Constitution "guards equally against that extreme facility which would render the Constitution too mutable; and that extreme difficulty which might perpetuate its discovered faults."

In Simple English, Madison meant that the amendment process protects equally against:

There are two steps in the process for changing the Constitution. The first step is proposing (formally suggesting) an amendment. Article Five of the Constitution allows this to be done in two different ways.

The first way is the most common way. Any member of Congress can suggest an amendment. However, two-thirds (67%) of both the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives have to agree that the amendment is needed. If this happens, the proposed amendment moves to Step 2 in the process.

As of 2020, the second way has never been used. However, it exists to protect the rights of the state legislatures. If two-thirds of the state legislatures ask them to, Congress has to call a Constitutional Convention. Delegates would come to the Convention from each state. The Constitutional Convention could propose as many amendments as they wanted to. All of the amendments they proposed would move to Step 2 in the process.

At first, when the Founding Fathers were writing the Constitution, they were only going to give Congress the power to propose amendments. However, some of the Founders, like Alexander Hamilton and James Madison, worried that this gave Congress too much power. Madison and Hamilton re-wrote Article Five to add the second option for proposing an amendment, and the rest of the Founders agreed. Adding the second option helped make sure the states had power too the power to propose amendments if enough of their legislatures agreed.

Step 2 starts when an amendment has been proposed, either by Congress or by a Constitutional Convention. The proposed amendment now has to be ratified. Like with Step 1, Article Five gives two choices for how an amendment can be ratified. Congress gets to choose which way to use.

Congress has almost always chosen the first way: letting the state legislatures ratify the amendment. If three-fourths (75%) of the state legislatures ratify the amendment, it becomes part of the Constitution.

The second option is for Congress to ask each state to create a "ratifying convention." This is a group of people not members of the state legislature who would decide whether or not to ratify the amendment. If ratifying conventions in three-fourths of the states ratify the amendment, it becomes part of the Constitution.

Congress has only used the second option once: after it proposed the 21st Amendment. (This amendment cancelled the 18th Amendment, which made alcohol illegal in the United States. The 21st Amendment made alcohol legal again.)

At the time, Congress thought that this would be the more democratic option. A large majority of the people in the United States wanted the 21st Amendment to pass. However, Congress thought the state legislators would refuse to pass the amendment because of pressure from powerful groups that were against alcohol. In other words, Congress did not think that the state legislatures would vote the way the people of the United States would want. This example shows why the Founding Fathers included the "ratifying convention" option in the amendment process. If the state legislatures get too powerful, or do not represent what the people who elected them want, the people have the power to pass amendments too.

Between 1789 and December 16, 2014:

Article Five protects two clauses in Article One from being amended until 1808. These clauses are:

Article Five also puts one absolute limit on Constitutional amendments. It completely protects Section 3, Clause 1 of Article One. This clause says that every state will have the same number of United States Senators. It does not set a time limit on how long this clause is protected for. It just says: "no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate." As of 1808, when the protections on the other two clauses expired, this is the only limit that the Constitution puts on suggested amendments. Any amendment, about anything else, could be suggested.

Article Five gives all of the power for creating Constitutional amendments to the Legislative Branch: the United States Congress and the state legislatures. The President of the United States cannot amend the Constitution. He has no part in the process of changing the Constitution. The United States Supreme Court confirmed this in a 1798 case called "Hollingsworth v. Virginia". In its decision, the Court wrote: "[T]he President ... has nothing to do with the proposition, or adoption, of amendments to the Constitution." However, the Supreme Court cannot create an amendment either.

This is an example of the separation of powers (also called "checks and balances") that the Founding Fathers built into the new American government. If the President or the Supreme Court could change the Constitution any time they wanted to, they would have too much power. One person (or nine Supreme Court Justices) could make decisions that would affect every American.

Instead, the Founders gave the job of creating Constitutional amendments to the Legislative Branch. By requiring that two-thirds of both Houses of Congress, and three-quarters of the states, approve of every Constitutional amendment, they made sure that there would have to be a lot of debate, compromise, and thought before an amendment was approved. Also, because so many legislators have to approve every amendment, it is very difficult for small "special interest" groups (like people who only care about a certain part of the country, or a certain issue) cannot control the vote.

The Founders even put checks and balances on the Legislative Branch's powers. If Congress gets too powerful, the states can make it call a Constitutional Convention. If the states get too powerful, ordinary Americans can vote on a Constitutional amendment through ratifying conventions. As a legal scholar wrote later: "The ratification of the Twenty-First Amendment [by ratifying conventions] might be called one of the most democratic moments in American history. ... Almost all voters in America had the unprecedented opportunity to [support] or condemn a federal constitutional amendment directly. ... The conventions ratified the choices of the people without fail."

Almost right away, the amendments process became very important. North Carolina and Rhode Island refused to ratify the Constitution without a Bill of Rights. This meant they would not be a part of the new United States Government. In 1789, James Madison wrote the Bill of Rights. They were ratified together, as the first ten amendments to the Constitution, in 1791. Having a Bill of Rights convinced North Carolina and Rhode Island to ratify the Constitution.

The amendments process set out in Article Five has allowed for many other important amendments to be added to the Constitution. For example, these amendments have included:

Article Two of the United States Constitution

Article Two of the United States Constitution creates the executive branch of the United States government. The executive branch includes the President; the Vice President; the Cabinet; executive departments, like the Department of State; independent agencies, like the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA); and other things like committees and commissions.

Section One begins by giving federal executive power to the President only. This is part of the separation of powers that the Founding Fathers built into the Constitution. To prevent any part of the government from getting too powerful, they split the power between three branches. This clause gives executive power to the President. Another clause in Article One of the Constitution gives federal legislative (law-making) power to the United States Congress only. A third clause in Article Three gives judiciary power to the federal courts. No branch is allowed to do a job that the Constitution has given to another branch. For example, the President cannot make laws; that is the Legislature's job.

This clause says the President is the head of the Executive Branch. It also mentions the Vice President, though the Constitution does not give him any executive powers. However, the Constitution does say that the President and Vice President must be elected at the same time, for the same term (amount of time), and by the same constituency. The Founding Fathers wanted to make sure the Executive Branch would survive, and stay independent, if the Vice President had to become the President.

Under the U.S. Constitution, the President and Vice President are chosen by Electors. The Constitution allows each state legislature to decide how they will choose Electors. Since the 1820s, state legislatures have usually chosen Electors through an indirect popular vote. This means that people in the state will get to vote on which Electors they want. The ballot that people use to vote will have the Electors' names on it. Usually, it will also say what Presidential and Vice Presidential candidates they plan to support. This allows the people to choose Electors who support the candidates they like.
Each state has two United States Senators and a certain number of United States Representatives representing them in Congress. (The number of Representatives depends on how many people live in the state.) Each state gets a number of Electors that is equal to the number of Members of Congress the state has. (For example, if a state has 2 Senators and 10 Representatives, they have 12 total Members of Congress, so they get 12 Electors.)

The only people who cannot be Electors are Senators, Representatives, and federal officers. This is meant to make sure that the Electoral College is made up of regular Americans, not politicians.

This clause talks about Electors and how they choose a President. Once they are chosen, the Electors meet in their states to vote for the President and Vice President. Originally, candidates only ran for President; there were no candidates for Vice President. Each Elector voted for two different candidates for President. They had to vote for at least one candidate who did not live in the Elector's home state. The candidate who got more than half of the votes became President. The candidate who got the next highest number of votes (the second-place winner) became Vice President.

This clause gives instructions for several possible problems:

The Twelfth Amendment changed this process in a few ways:

Article Two allows Congress to set a national Election Day.

This clause simply means that to be President, a person must meet three requirements:

If a person does not meet all of these requirements, they cannot be President.

Note there is ongoing controversy over the exact meaning of "natural born citizen". The term has not been exactly defined in law. Neither has there been a definitive decision made by the Supreme Court on the meaning.

Two later amendments changed these rules about who can be President and Vice President:

This clause talks about the possibility that the Presidency might become "vacant". This might happen because:

If the Presidency becomes vacant, the Vice President becomes President. If the Vice President is "also" unable to be President, Congress can decide who will become President. Whoever takes over the Presidency will act as President until the actual President gets better (if he is sick or disabled), or until a President is elected in the next Presidential election.

Congress has come up with a "line of succession" a list of the people who would become President, and in what order, if both the Presidency and Vice Presidency became vacant. As of 2016, the order is: the Speaker of the House of Representatives; the President "pro tempore" of the Senate; and then the fifteen Cabinet Secretaries, in order of when their Departments were first created.

This clause was partially changed by the Twenty-fifth Amendment in 1967. That Amendment creates a process for filling a vacancy in the office of the Vice President. It also says that the Vice President can become Acting President (temporary President) if:
If the President declares himself unable to discharge his duties, he can take the Presidency back at any time. For example, in 2002, George W. Bush became the first President to formally use the Disability Clause. He gave power to his Vice President for about two hours while he had a medical test which required anesthesia. Once he felt ready to be President again, Bush took back the Presidency.

If the Vice President and the Cabinet say a President is unable to do his job, the President can still try to take control back. However, if the Vice President and the Cabinet still think the President cannot do his job, they can challenge the President's return. If two-thirds of both the House and Senate agree, the President is declared unable to discharge his duties and the Vice President stays in control of the Presidency.

This means the President can receive a salary. However, the salary cannot be changed during the President's four-year term in office. Also, the President cannot receive any other salary, either from the federal government, or from any state government.

Before he becomes President, Clause 8 requires the new President to take an oath, promising that he will do his best as President, and will also do his best to protect and defend the Constitution. Usually, the Chief Justice of the United States gives the oath ("swears in" the new President) at the President's inauguration.

Section 2 talks about the powers that Article Two grants to the President.

The Constitution gives the President the most powers in areas that have to do with national security and protecting the country.

The President is the military's Commander-in-Chief. However, as part of the system of checks and balances in the Constitution, Article One says that only Congress can declare war. Still, the President can take actions like sending soldiers to certain places without needing Congress's approval, or a declaration of war.

The President may ask the "principal (head) officer" of any executive department to give him advice in writing. The Constitution actually does not require a formal Cabinet. However, America's first President, George Washington, organized his principal offices into a Cabinet, and every President has done the same since.

The President may grant pardons or reprieves to people who were convicted of crimes (except when the person was impeached). A "reprieve" cancels or changes a punishment for example, changing a death sentence to a sentence of life in prison.

This part of Section 2 is called the "Advice and Consent Clause". It gives the President powers, but he has to use them with the "advice and consent" (agreement) of the Senate. This is another example of checks and balances in the Constitution.

Here, the Constitution gives the President the power to make treaties with other countries. However, two-thirds of the Senators must agree with the treaty for it to take effect. If two-thirds of the Senate does not agree with the treaty, it is not approved, and there is nothing the President can do about it.

The Constitution does not say how the United States can "end" a treaty. Since the Constitution has passed, the government has done this in a few ways. In 1798, the first time the government wanted to end a treaty (the 1778 Treaty of Alliance with France), Congress passed a law ending the treaty. Other times, in the 1800s, a few Presidents ended treaties after Congress asked them to. The first time a President ended a treaty without Congress's approval was in the 1970s, when President Jimmy Carter ended a treaty with the Republic of China. In a lawsuit called "Goldwater v. Carter", members of Congress asked the Supreme Court to clarify whether a President could end a treaty on his own. The Supreme Court could not agree on a decision, and the case was dismissed (ended without a decision).

The President may also choose judges, ambassadors, consuls (diplomats), ministers, and other officers; but again, he needs the advice and consent of the Senate.

If Congress chooses, it can let the President, heads of executive departments, or the courts appoint less important officials on their own, without needing Congress's approval.

Once the Senate gives advice and consent to the President (approves the President's choice for a job), and that person is given the job, the Senate cannot go back and change its mind. It cannot take away its advice and consent once the person gets the job.

However, after the Senate grants advice and consent, the President "can" change his mind, and decide not to give the job to the person he nominated.

It is not clear whether the President can fire a person who was hired with the advice and consent of the Senate. Congress has limited this power many times. For example, during the Reconstruction Era, President Andrew Johnson wanted to fire people that Congress had approved. Congress passed a law saying he could not do that, but Jackson ignored the law. Later, Congress impeached him, but the Senate did not convict him.

A Supreme Court case called "Bowsher v. Synar" (1986) decided that Congress can fire a person it approved. Congress can do this by repealing the law that gave the President permission to appoint that person.

Clause 3 has to do with Senate recesses (times when the Senate is not meeting). In the past, fast transportation was not available, and it could take a long time for members of Congress to get to Washington, D.C. Because of this, Congress would usually meet only during planned "sessions," so everyone would have time to get there. After the planned sessions were over, the Senate would go into recess, and all the Senators would go home.

During Senate recesses, the President may appoint officers to stand in for the missing Senators. However, these officers are temporary, and their permission to act as Senators expire (end) when the Senate finishes its next session.

Clause 1 of Section 3 is called the "State of the Union Clause". It says that "from time to time," the President must give Congress information on the "State of the Union." ("State of the Union" basically means "The Situation in the United States.")

Originally, Presidents personally delivered State of the Union Addresses to Congress every year. Thomas Jefferson thought this was too much like a King speaking from a throne. Instead, he would send Congress written messages, and clerks (assistants) would read them. Other Presidents did the same for over 100 years, until President Woodrow Wilson went back to speaking in front of Congress. Every President since Wilson has kept doing that .

The purpose of the State of the Union is to make sure the President shares information with Congress, as well as the entire country. This information helps Congress decide whether anything is happening that they need to pass laws for. It also lets the people in the country know what is happening in their government.

The President has the power to suggest to Congress anything he thinks is "necessary [needed] and expedient [appropriate]". This is called the "Recommendation Clause".

The Recommendation Clause is another part of the checks and balances in the Constitution. The President cannot just do anything he thinks is needed; he has to get Congress's approval. If the President gives recommendations to Congress, Congress can approve them. However, if the President gives no suggestions to Congress, Congress has no power to force him to.

Also, just by asking Congress, the President shows that he respects them as equals, and is not more powerful or important than they are, like a King would be. One scholar explains: "The Recommendation Clause empowers the President to represent the people before Congress, by recommending measures for the reform of government, for the general welfare, or for the redress of grievances [for problems to be fixed]."

Clause 3 gives the President the right to call one or both Houses of Congress "on extraordinary Occasions." This clause is meant to allow the government to act quickly in case a major emergency comes up when Congress is not in session. If the two Houses of Congress cannot agree on a date for when to adjourn a special session, the President may adjourn both Houses whenever he thinks it is appropriate.

Presidents have called extraordinary sessions 27 times in history to deal with crises like wars or emergencies with the economy. The last time this happened was in 1948, when President Harry S Truman called a special session to try to get civil rights, Social Security, and health care laws passed.

After airplane travel became common around the 1950s, Congress began meeting year-round. Since that time, no President has had to call a special session.

The President receives (greets and hosts) all foreign Ambassadors. This clause of the Constitution is called the "Reception Clause".

The President must "take care that the laws be faithfully executed [used and followed]." This clause in the Constitution is sometimes called the "Take Care Clause", the "Faithful Execution Clause," or the "Faithfully Executed Clause".

This clause gives the President power, limits, and a duty, all at the same time:

Supreme Court cases have focused on the duties and limits the Take Care Clause puts on the President. For example:

The President commissions "all the Officers of the United States." (This means he gives these officers the power to do their jobs.) These include officers in both the military and foreign service (people who work for the United States government in other countries, like Ambassadors). However, Article One of the Constitution, Section 8, gives each state the power to appoint officers in their own militias.

The Constitution also allows some government officials to be removed from office (fired). The President, Vice President, Cabinet Secretaries, and other executive officers, as well as judges, may be impeached by the House of Representatives, and then tried in the Senate.

Anyone who is convicted by impeachment is fired immediately. The Senate may also choose to prevent the person from holding any federal office in the future. These are the only punishments that an impeachment proceeding can give. However, the person can still be tried for civil and criminal charges in the courts, and punished if they are found guilty.

Impeachment is a power that only Congress has. In "Nixon v. United States" (1993), the Supreme Court ruled that even they cannot review or change the Senate's decision in an impeachment trial. Its impeachment powers give Congress a way to make sure that no executive officials or judges are getting corrupt.

The Constitution says clearly that officials can be impeached for treason or bribery. But it does not say exactly what "High crimes and Misdemeanors" includes or does not include. "High crimes" is a phrase from old British law that means crimes committed by people with political power. However, in British history, "high crimes and misdemeanors" could include many different things (even losing a ship by not tying it up). After the Constitution was written, Alexander Hamilton explained in "The Federalist Papers" what kind of causes for impeachment the Founders had in mind: "offences which [come] from the abuse or violation of some public trust. [They cause] injuries done immediately to the society itself."

Congress has made the meaning of "high crimes and misdemeanors" clearer by who they have chosen to impeach, and why. Since the Constitution was ratified, the House of Representatives has impeached 18 people - mostly judges, but also two Presidents. All but three of these 18 were impeached for crimes other than treason or bribery. For example:

Dissenting opinion

A dissenting opinion (or dissent) is an opinion in a legal case. It is written by one or more judges expressing disagreement with the majority opinion of the court. In some cases, they simply declare a disagreement with the majority opinion. In other cases they may be used to instruct, prod, or otherwise try to convince other justices of the point of view expressed by the minority.

When not necessarily referring to a legal decision, this can also be referred to as a minority report.

Dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions. They are also delivered and published at the same time. A dissenting opinion does not create binding precedent nor does it become a part of case law. However, they can sometimes be cited as a form of persuasive authority in subsequent cases when arguing that the court's holding should be limited or overturned. In some cases, a previous dissent is used to spur a change in the law. A later case may result in a majority opinion adopting a particular rule of law formerly advocated in dissent. As with concurring opinions, the difference in opinion between dissents and majority opinions can often highlight the precise holding of the majority opinion. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes stated in 1936: "A dissent in a Court of last resort is an appeal".

The dissent may disagree with the majority for any number of reasons: a different interpretation of the existing case law, the application of different principles, or a different interpretation of the facts. 

Legal opinion

In law, a legal opinion is usually a written explanation by a judge or group of judges that accompanies an order or ruling in a case. Legal opinions may also be written by legal experts. A legal opinion is used to lay out the rationale (reasons for) and legal principles for the ruling.

Opinions are usually published at the direction of the court. They may be used to reinforce, explain, change, establish, or overturn legal precedent. If a court decides that an opinion should be published, the opinion is included in a volume from a series of books called law reports or case reports. Published opinions of courts are also collectively referred to as case law, which is one of the major sources of law in common law legal systems.

Judicial opinion

A judicial opinion is a form of legal opinion written by a judge or a panel of judges explaining how they resolved a legal dispute. It cites the decision reached to resolve the dispute. A judicial opinion usually includes the reasons behind the decision. Where there are three or more judges, it may take the form of a majority opinion, minority opinion or a concurring opinion.




Concurring opinion

In law, a concurring opinion is a written opinion by one or more judges of a court which agrees with the decision made by the majority of the court, but states different (or additional) reasons for the decision. It may also be used to add comments. When no absolute majority of the court can agree on the basis for deciding the case, the decision of the court may be contained in a number of concurring opinions. The concurring opinion joined by the greatest number of judges is called the plurality opinion.

Having failed to receive a majority of the court's votes, concurring opinions are not binding precedent (common law) and cannot be cited as such. But concurring opinions can sometimes be cited as a form of persuasive precedent (assuming there is no binding precedent already in effect). The conflict in views between a majority opinion and a concurring opinion can assist a lawyer in understanding the points of law in the majority opinion. Occasionally, a judge will use a concurring opinion to signal that he or she is open to certain types of "test cases" that would allow the development of a new legal rule. In turn, such a concurring opinion may become more famous than the majority opinion in the same case. A well-known example of this phenomenon is "Escola v. Coca-Cola Bottling Co." (1944).

In some courts, such as the Supreme Court of the United States, the majority opinion may be broken down into numbered or lettered parts. Concurring justices may state that they join some parts of the majority opinion, but not others, for the reasons given in their concurring opinion. In other courts, such as the Supreme Court of California, the same justice may write a majority opinion "and" a separate concurring opinion to express additional reasons in support of the judgment


Seriatim

In law, seriatim (Latin for "in series") indicates that a court is addressing multiple issues in a certain order, such as the order that the issues were originally presented to the court.

A seriatim opinion describes an opinion delivered by a court with multiple judges, in which each judge reads his or her own opinion rather than a single judge writing an opinion on behalf of the entire court. This is a practice generally used when a legal case does not have a majority opinion.

Use of the word, and other Latin phrases, has become less frequent in legal communications as a result of, among other factors, efforts by groups such as the Plain Language Movement to promote the use of "plain English" in legal discourse.

In modern use pleadings is used for "one by one in sequence". For example, in English civil cases, defence statements generally used to conclude with the phrase "save as expressly admitted herein, each allegation of the plaintiffs is denied as if set out in full and traversed herein "seriatim"." This formulation is now discouraged under the English Civil Procedure Rules, especially rule 16.5 (3)-(5).

It is sometimes seen in older deeds and contracts as a more traditional way of using terms of reference. For example "the railway by-laws shall apply to the contract as if set out herein "seriatim"." It is sometimes found as part of the longer phrase "brevatim et seriatim", meaning "briefly and in series".

The term is also used when replying to a communication that contains a number of points, issues or questions to show that the responses are in the same order in which they were raised in the original document: "To deal with your queries seriatim..."

During the Supreme Court under Chief Justice Marshall, 1801 to 1835, the practice of judicial opinions being delivered in seriatim was discontinued.

In 2009, Title III, Rule 15(a)(1) of the U.S. Federal Rules of Civil Procedure regarding Amended and Supplemental Pleadings (part of pretrial procedure) was amended to allow three changes in the time previously allowed to make one change. 
This provision will force the pleader to consider carefully and promptly the wisdom of amending to meet the arguments in the motion... and will expedite determination of issues that otherwise might be raised "seriatim".
The right to make changes now ends 21 days after service of a motion.

Memorandum opinion

In law, a memorandum opinion is usually an unpublished legal opinion that cannot be cited as precedent. It is formally defined as: "[1] unanimous appellate opinion that succinctly states the decision of the court; an opinion that briefly reports the court's conclusion, usu. without elaboration because the decision follows a well-established legal principle or does not relate to any point of law." There is no elaboration or explanation because the decision either follows a well-known legal principle or it does not relate to a point of law. A memorandum opinion is also not subject to appeal.

Generally, memorandum opinions follow ordinary rules, including the application of precedent and the rule of "stare decisis".

Per curiam decision

In law, a "per curiam" decision (or opinion) is a ruling issued by an appellate court in which the decision rendered is made by the court (or at least, a majority of the court) acting collectively and unanimously. In contrast to regular opinions, a "per curiam" does not list the individual judge responsible for authoring the decision, but minority dissenting and concurring decisions are signed.

"Per curiams" are not the only type of decision that can reflect the opinion of the court. Other types of decisions can also reflect the opinion of the entire court, such as unanimous decisions, in which the opinion of the court is expressed with an author listed. The Latin term "per curiam" literally means "by the court".

The decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court are usually not "per curiam". Their decisions more commonly take the form of one or more opinions signed by individual justices which are then joined in by other justices. Unanimous and signed opinions are not considered "per curiam" decisions, as only the court can officially designate opinions as "per curiam". "Per curiam" decisions tend to be brief in length. The designation is stated at the beginning of the opinion.

The notable exception to the usual characteristics for a "per curiam" decision is the case of "Bush v. Gore". Although it was per curiam, there were multiple concurrences and dissents.

The Supreme Court of California occasionally releases decisions in the name of "The Court". But these are not necessarily unanimous. Sometimes an opinion in the name of the Court may be accompanied by extensive concurring and dissenting opinions.

The Supreme Court of Canada also attributes some decisions to "The Court" but does not use the phrase "per curiam". In the U.S. the term is used primarily for uncontroversial cases. In Canada, however, it has been used for important and controversial cases to emphasize that the entire Court is speaking with a single voice.

Anita Brookner

Anita Brookner, CBE (16 July 1928 – 10 March 2016) was a British award-winning novelist and art historian. She was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge from 1967 to 1968. She was the first woman to hold this visiting professorship. She was awarded the 1984 Man Booker Prize for her novel "Hotel du Lac".


John W. Cahn

John Werner Cahn (January 9, 1928 – March 14, 2016) was an American scientist and recipient of the 1998 National Medal of Science. 

He was a professor in the department of Materials Science at MIT from 1964 to 1978. Since 1977, he has held a position at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (formerly the National Bureau of Standards, NBS).Cahn has applied the basic laws of thermodynamics to describe and predict a wide range of physical phenomena.

Tamara Grigsby

Tamara D. Grigsby (November 19, 1974 – March 15, 2016) was an American social worker. She was a university professor from Wisconsin. She served as a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 18th Assembly District, from 2005 until 2013.

Grigby's staff announced on December 22, 2011 that she was hospitalized in intensive care, battling cancer. In April 2012, Grigsby announced she would be retiring from the Assembly to recover her strength.
Her death was announced on March 15, 2016.

Earline W. Parmon

Earline W. Parmon (Nonember 18, 1943 – March 15, 2016) was an American Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly. She represented the state's seventy-second House district

Parmon has served five terms in the state House. She announced in 2012 that she would run for a seat in the North Carolina Senate. Parmon served in the North Carolina State Senate and resigned in 2015. Parmon also served as Forsyth County, North Carolina commissioner.

Parmon died on March 15, 2016 from a short-illness in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. She was aged 72.

Asa Briggs

Asa Briggs, Baron Briggs (7 May 1921 – 15 March 2016) was an English historian. He was a leading specialist on the Victorian era. He was a well-known historian of broadcasting in Britain. He was made a life peer in 1976. Briggs was born in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Briggs died in Lewes, East Sussex on 15 March 2016. He was aged 94.

Pharisees

Pharisees were Jewish leaders who composed and enforced religious law at a certain period in Jewish history. At times, the Pharisees were a political party, a social movement, and a school of thought. After the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 AD, Pharisaic beliefs became the foundation for Rabbinic Judaism. The term 'Judaism' today almost always refers to Rabbinic Judaism.

Paul of Tarsus, disciple of Jesus, was a Pharisee before he became a Christian.


Seru Rabeni

Ratu Seru Raveive Rabeni (27 December 1978 – 15 March 2016) was a Fijian rugby union player. He played as a centre or wing. He played for the Fiji national rugby union team from 2000 through 2011. Rabeni was known in both club and international level for his physicality and bone crunching tackles, earning him the nickname "Rambo".

Rabeni died in Fiji from a heart attack on 15 March 2016, aged 37.


Results of the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries

This article will show the current results of the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries. The Democratic Party presidential primary is a process of choosing delegates, or people that represent someone, to go to the 2016 Democratic National Convention. People in each state will vote on who they think will be good for the presidency, and each candidate gets a certain amount of delegates based on the number of votes they receive.
The primaries began on 1 February 2016 in Iowa. The remaining candidates are former first lady and secretary of state and senator Hillary Clinton and senator Bernie Sanders.

On June 6, 2016, the Associated Press reported that senator Hillary Clinton has gotten enough delegates to become the presumptive Democratic nominee. However, their count includes some superdelegates. Since superdelegates can vote however they want at the Democratic convention, their votes could change at any time before then, so it is possible (but only remotely possible) that Clinton will not get the nomination. Bernie Sanders endorsed Clinton on 12 July 2016.




All delegate total are approximate.


Armenian calendar

The Armenian calendar was the main calendar used in Armenia during the medieval period. The year in this calendar is exactly 365 days long, divided into twelve months of thirty days each, plus five extra days that are called ""aveleacʿ"" in the Armenian language, which are not a part of any month. The first year in the Armenian calendar is equal to the year 552 AD in the Gregorian calendar. This calendar was mainly used in the medieval era, but is also used in modern times by some Armenian nationalists.

This calendar has no leap days. For that reason, it shifts backwards against the Gregorian calendar over a period of 1,461 years.

The twelve months in the calendar have differen names to the months usually used in English.

Kim Philby

Harold Adrian Russell "Kim" Philby (1 January 1912 – 11 May 1988) was a British intelligence officer who worked as a spy for the Soviet Union, before defecting in 1963. 

Philby began his work for the Soviet Union as a spy in 1934. He went on to serve the KGB for 54 years. He passed over 900 British documents to the KGB. He served as a double agent. 

Of the five spies in the Cambridge Five spy ring, Philby was believed to have been the most successful at passing information to the Soviet Union.

In 1961, defector Anatoliy Golitsyn gave information which pointed to Philby. An MI6 officer, Nicholas Elliott, was sent in 1963 to interview him in Beirut. He reported that Philby seemed to know he was coming (this suggested the presence of yet another mole). Nonetheless, Philby allegedly confessed to Elliott.

Shortly afterwards, apparently fearing he might be abducted in Lebanon, Philby defected to the Soviet Union. He fled, under cover of night, to a Soviet freighter.


Sylvia Anderson

Sylvia Anderson (27 March 1927 – 16 March 2016) was a British producer and actress. She was born in London, England, United Kingdom. She was known for voicing Lady Penelope in "Thunderbirds".

She was married to producer Gerry Anderson from 1960 until they divorced in 1981. They had a daughter and son.

On March 16, 2016, Anderson died of a short illness in her home in Bray, Berkshire at age 88.


Hua Mulan

Hua Mulan () is a legendary warrior from China. The stories about her are set during various times in China's history. She was first written about in a ballad called the "Ballad of Mulan" (). In the ballad, Hua Mulan takes her father's place in the army. She practiced martial arts such as kung fu, and was skilled with a sword. She fought for twelve years and became famous, but she refused any reward.

Hua Mulan is a real person and did save China.



Yassmin Abdel-Magied

Yassmin Abdel-Magied is an Australian writer, social advocate, and an engineer. She helps women, youth, and ethnic minorities develop their communities. At 16 years old, Abdel-Magied created "Youth Without Borders", an organization that provides programs, opportunities, and support for youth to create positive changes in their communities.

Abdel-Magied was born on March 3, 1991 in Sudan and moved to Australia with her parents just before she turned two years old
She received the Dean’s Excellence Scholarship from the University of Queensland. In 2011, she graduated from the University of Queensland with a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering
In 2012, Abdel-Magied started working on oil and gas rigs as a field engineer (Measurement and Logging While Drilling specialist). In 2014, she moved to Perth, Australia to work as a drilling engineer on offshore rigs.

Abdel-Magied has served on multiple boards and councils, including the boards of the Queensland Museum, the Australian Multicultural Council, the Queensland Design Council, United Nations Youth Australia and others. She currently sits on the board of ChildFund Australia, the Council of Australian-Arab Relations and OurWatch.

In December 2014, Abdel-Magied presented her first TED Talk about implicit bias. She published her first book, "Yassmin’s Story", in 2016 with Random House.

In 2007, Abdel-Magied received the Young Australian Muslim of the Year award. In 2010 she received the Young Queenslander of the Year award, in 2011 she was a finalist for the Queensland Young Australian of the Year Award. She was the winner of the Youth Leader category in the 2012 Australian Financial Review and Westpac 100 Women of Influence Awards and the youngest woman on the list. In 2015, Abdel-Magied was one of the finalists in Young Australian of the Year, being named Queensland Young Australian of the Year.

Abdel-Magied founded Youth Without Borders in 2007 and has been the chair of the organization since its establishment. The organization provides programs, opportunities, and support for youth to create positive changes in their communities. One of the projects is a library for children and youth on a motorcycle. This motorcycle travels to villages that do not have access to libraries in Indonesia.

San Sebastián Street Festival

San Sebastián Street Festival, also known as “San Se”, is a very popular Puerto Rican festivity that takes place in the Old San Juan. It is a four-day event that starts the third Thursday of January through Sunday. This festive is in honor of Saint Sebastian. January 20th is the day that Catholic Church celebrates the life of this Saint. More than 200,000 people participate in this festival, making this activity be recognized internationally. Also, some Puerto Ricans have started this festive in the United States. Also they celebrate the Rivera Family, next year Paris Rivera will be the starter of the festival.

Father Juan Manuel Madrazo, the priest of the San José Church in the 1950s, was the first person who organized the festival. The purpose of this festival was to commemorate the life of this Saint and raise money to repair the church. When the father was moved out of San Juan, this festival came to an end. It was not until 1970 when a historian and anthropologist named Ricardo Alegría proposed to Rafaela Balladares de Brito, a resident of San Sebastian street, to revive this tradition. Balladares de Brito with the help of her neighbors began to reorganize the festival and recollect money for an elementary school directed by Sisters of Charity.

During the past celebrations, a group of musicians in the early morning of the first days walked and announced the festivity though the street. People in costumes of Spanish Kings, Queen Isabel and King Fernando, wear huge mask over their heads and were called “Cabezudos”, also participated in the parade. During the procession, people carried the Saint’s Image from San Sebastian Street and ended at the San José Church. In addition, the neighbors decorated their home’s balcony and the streets. They also prepared typical food, wore dresses and participated as host of the music shows.

In the present, the addition of artisans has acquired more importance, as well as music and dance in the nights. Also, artists perform at different stages localized around the Old San Juan. “Cabezudos” now include characters representing the Puerto Rican folklore that pass through the streets dancing and singing followed by the public. Now, the parade is longer than the past ones and the municipality of San Juan is responsible in organizing the entire festival. Festivities vary year by year, but mainly include the ones mentioned above.

In the recent years, several of San Sebastian Festivals have been celebrated in different areas of Florida and in DFW, Texas. This has been a result of many Puerto Ricans moving to the United States and wanting to maintain a connection with their typical island traditions. The festivals programed in Florida and Dallas, Texas have a duration of one to two days compared to the one celebrated in Puerto Rico which last four days. These festivals also have Puerto Rican food and rums, “Cabezudos”, artisan market, and music.
In DFW, Texas since January 2018, a group of Puerto Ricans - Traigo esta Trulla, start to organize the first Fiestas de la San Se- DFW with more than 6,000 participants.

Least developed country

A least developed country (LDC) is a country that the United Nations considers to be the least developed out of all the countries in the world. They normally have the lowest ratings on the Human Development Index. The idea to name LDCs started in the late 1960s. The first group of LDCs was listed by the UN in November 1971. 

Indicators are used to determine whether a country is a least devleoped country.

To be considered a least developed country, a country must have high levels of poverty and infant mortality, low human resources and a vulnerable economy. The UN looks at indicators, such as gross national income, nutrition, health, education and literacy. Economic vulnerability is recorded on the Economic Vulnerability Index.

LDC criteria are reviewed every three years. Countries may stop being considered an LDC when indicators show that they have become developed enough. Since the LDC category was created, four countries have graduated to "developing country" status. The first country to do this was Botswana in 1994. The second was Cape Verde, in 2007. Then Maldives in 2011, and Samoa in 2014. It is expected that Equatorial Guinea and Vanuatu will be the next countries to be promoted from LDC status.

, there are 48 least developed countries. There are also three countries which meet the criteria for LDC status, but have asked to not be included in the index: Ghana, Papua New Guinea and Zimbabwe.

The "least developed countries" according to the United Nations:






Constitutional Convention (United States)

The Constitutional Convention (also known as the Philadelphia Convention) was held from May 25 to September 17, 1787 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Although the Convention was called to revise the Articles of Confederation, it became clear from the beginning that many members, including James Madison and Alexander Hamilton, intended to create a new government rather than fix the existing one. The delegates elected George Washington to preside over the Convention. The result of the Convention was the creation of the United States Constitution. This makes the meeting one of the most significant events in the history of the United States.

Most of the disputes were about the makeup and election of the Senate. Other disagreements concerned how "proportional representation" was to be defined (whether to include slaves or other property). They needed to decide whether to divide the executive power between three persons or invest the power into a single president. They also had to work out how to elect the president, how long his term was to be and whether he could stand for reelection. There were issues over what offenses should be impeachable. Most of the time during the Convention was spent on deciding these issues, while the powers of legislature, executive, and judiciary were not heavily disputed. Once the Convention began, the delegates first agreed on the principles of the Convention, then they agreed on Madison's Virginia Plan and began to modify it. A Committee of Detail assembled during the July 4 recess and produced a rough draft. Most of this rough draft remained in place, and can be found in the final version of the constitution. After the final issues were resolved, the Committee on Style produced the final version, and it was voted on and sent to the states.

James Madison had spent the winter of 1787 making a study of various confederations throughout history. He came to Philadelphia armed with a wealth of knowledge and an idea for what the United States government should be. His plan was presented to the Convention by Edmund Randolph, the Governor of Virginia. It became the broad outline of what would be a new government under the U.S. Constitution. His plan called for three branches of government with checks and balances to prevent any one branch from abusing their power. Madison's idea for a legislature had two houses. One would feature members elected by the people for a three-year term. The other would have its members elected by the state legislatures and would serve for 7 years. Both would have the seats determined by the population of the country.
After debating the Virginia plan for two weeks, William Patterson presented his plan called variously, the New Jersey Plan, the Patterson Plan and the Small State Plan. It was very similar to the Articles of Confederation and featured a unicameral (one house) legislature. All states would have one vote. He had one idea that was kept; that state laws that ran counter to federal laws would be voided.

A third plan was offered by Alexander Hamilton. It was a copy of the British Constitution. It also was bicameral with an upper house and a legislature in which members served on their good behavior.

Finally they worked out a compromise between all three plans. The new government would have an upper house, having an equal number of delegates from each state, and a lower house with representation based on population. The executive branch would have most of the responsibilities of foreign affairs while other important powers, like ratifying treaties, would be the responsibility of the legislative branch. After the new Constitution was ratified by the states, it went into effect in 1789.

Article Four of the United States Constitution

Article Four of the United States Constitution outlines the relationship between the various states, as well as the connection between the states and the federal government.

The first section requires states to recognize the "full faith and credit" of the public acts, records and court proceedings of other states. 
This clause makes certain that any judicial decisions made in courts of one state are recognized and honored in all other states. This eliminates the practice of "forum shopping", the practice of having a legal case heard in the court thought most likely to provide a favorable judgment. It also prevents someone moving from one state to another to escape a judgment. 
In "Mills v. Duryee" (1813), the United States Supreme Court ruled that the merits of a case, as settled by courts of one state, must be recognized by the courts of other states. state courts may not reopen cases which have been conclusively decided by the courts of another state. Later, Chief Justice John Marshall suggested that the judgment of one state court must be recognized by other states' courts as final. However, in "McElmoyle v. Cohen" (1839), the court heard a case where one party obtained a judgment in South Carolina and sought to enforce it in Georgia, which had a statute of limitations that barred actions on judgments after a certain amount of time had passed. The court upheld Georgia's refusal to enforce the South Carolina judgment. The court found that out-of-state judgments are subject to the procedural law of the states where they are enforced, notwithstanding any priority it may be given in the state in which they it was issued.
Clause One of Section 2 requires interstate protection of "privileges and immunities". The apparent ambiguity of the clause has given rise to a number of different interpretations. Some contend that the clause requires Congress to treat all citizens equally. Others suggest that citizens of states carry the rights accorded by their home states while traveling in other states.

Neither of these theories has been endorsed by the Supreme Court. A state may not discriminate against citizens of other states in favor of its own citizens. But certain exceptions are allowed. For example a state may give their own citizens the right to buy a hunting or fishing license at a lower cost than to nonresidents. 

Clause Two requires that fugitives from justice may be extradited on the demand of executive authority of the state from which they flee. The Supreme Court has held that it is not compulsory for the fugitive to have fled after an indictment was issued, but only that the fugitive fled after having committed the crime. The Constitution provides for the extradition of fugitives who have committed treason, felony or other crime. That phrase incorporates all acts prohibited by the laws of a state, including misdemeanors and small, or petty, offenses.

In "Kentucky v. Dennison" (1860), the Supreme Court held that the federal courts may not compel state governors to surrender fugitives through the issue of writs of mandamus. The "Dennison" decision was overruled by "Puerto Rico v. Branstad" (1987). Now, the federal courts may require the extradition of fugitives. Alleged fugitives generally may not challenge extradition proceedings.
Pierce Butler and Charles Pinckney, both from South Carolina, submitted this clause to the Constitutional Convention. James Wilson and Roger Sherman both objected and Butler withdrew the clause. However, on the next day the clause was reinstated and adopted by the Convention without objection. At the last moment the language was changed from "Person legally held to Service or Labour in one state" to read "Person held to Service or Labour in one state, under the Laws thereof". 

In 1865, the Fugitive Slave Clause was repealed by the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment abolishing slavery.
The First Clause of Section Three grants to Congress the authority to admit new states into the Union. Since the establishment of the United States in 1776, the number of states has expanded from the original 13 to 50. It also forbids the creation of new states from parts of existing states without the consent of both the affected states and Congress. This latter provision was designed to gave Eastern states that still had claims to Western lands (e.g., Virginia and North Carolina) to have a veto over whether their western counties (which eventually became Kentucky and Tennessee) could become states. It would later be applied with regard to the formation of Maine (from Massachusetts) and West Virginia (from Virginia).

This clause, commonly known as the "Property" or "Territorial" Clause, grants Congress the constitutional authority for the management and control of all territories or other property owned by United States. Additionally, the clause also proclaims that nothing contained within the Constitution may be interpreted to harm (prejudice) any claim of the United States, or of any particular State. The exact scope of this clause has long been a matter of debate.

The federal government owns or controls about thirty percent of the land in the United States. These holdings include national parks, national forests, recreation areas, wildlife refuges, vast tracts of range and public lands managed by the Bureau of Land Management, reservations held in trust for Native American tribes, military bases, and ordinary federal buildings and installations. Although federal property can be found in every state, the largest concentrations are in the west, where, for example, the federal government owns over eighty percent of the land within Nevada. 

This clause, sometimes referred to as the Guarantee Clause, has long been at the fore-front of the debate about the rights of citizens compared to those of the government. The Guarantee Clause mandates that all U.S. states must be grounded in republican principles, such as the consent of the governed. By ensuring that all states must have the same type of government (a republic), the Guarantee Clause is one of several portions of the Constitution which mandates symmetric federalism between the states.

Section Four requires the United States to protect each state from invasion, and, upon the application of the state legislature (or executive, if the legislature cannot be convened), from domestic violence. This provision was discussed during the 1967 Detroit riot, but was not invoked.



Norma Cruz

Norma Angélica Cruz Córdoba (Norma Cruz) is a Guatemalan human rights activist who works to stop violence against women. Cruz is the head of the "Fundación Sobrevivientes" (Survivors' Foundation), a women's rights organization in Guatemala City. In 2009, the US Department of State gave Cruz an International Women of Courage Award. 

Norma Cruz was born in Guatemala City in 1962. Her father was a shoemaker and her mother was a cook. As a teenager, Cruz was a student leader and a missionary. When she was 15 years old, Cruz joined a convent. Two years later, she left the convent, because she wanted a more political life. 

Cruz started the organization "Fundación Sobrevivientes" on July 3, 1996. It started as a women's support center. Now it has a shelter for up to 20 women, teenagers, and children. In 2009, 110 people stayed at the shelter. The organization also gives legal help to women who want to take legal action in the courts. 



Fundación Sobrevivientes (Survivors' Foundation)

Caroline Herschel

Caroline Herschel (16 March 1750 – 9 January 1848) was a German astronomer who spent most of her life in England. She was the first female astronomer that we know of.

She was the first woman to receive a salary as a scientist. She was the first woman in England to hold a government position. She was the first woman to be awarded a Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society (1828), and to be named an Honorary Member of the Royal Astronomical Society (1835, with Mary Somerville). She was also named an honorary member of the Royal Irish Academy (1838). The King of Prussia presented her with a Gold Medal for Science on the occasion of her 96th birthday (1846).

Caroline was born on March 16, 1750 in Hanover, Germany. She was encouraged by her father to get an education. She learnt geometry on her own. She had a hard life because people that she loved died. After her father's death, her brother William Herschel suggested she join him in England. She left Hanover for England on August 16, 1772, with her brother.

In England, Caroline's neighbor taught her how to cook, market, and to speak English. This expanded her horizons. William encouraged her to be independent. She signed up to learn how to sing and to play the harpsichord. This led her to being a part of William’s musical shows in small gatherings. She and William discussed astronomy in their free time. This caused her interest to grow. Caroline began including English society in her everyday life. She eventually decided to devote her time to astronomy. This helped William: he needed Caroline’s talents in copying papers.

When they were in England, Caroline helped her brother in his scientific work. She helped him to discover Uranus with a six-foot telescope. William was credited with the discovery of Uranus. He was knighted because of his discovery, and she was his assistant. She recorded and completed tasks for him. Her calculations and record keeping were always accurate. They saved her brother a lot of time. Caroline often worked on discoveries of her own. She independently discovered the second companion of the Andromeda Galaxy (Messier 110; NGC 205) and another, new, nebula. She also discovered eight comets in 17861795.

She reworked Flamsteed's "Catalogue of Nebulae and Clusters of Stars". The result was published by the Royal Society in 1798 and contained an index of every observation of every star made by Flamsteed, a list of errata, and a list of more than 560 stars that had not been included. In 1825, Caroline donated the works of Flamsteed to the Royal Academy of Göttingen.

She was the first woman to discover a comet. She discovered seven more comets between 1789 and 1797. The comet 35P/Herschel-Rigollet is named in her honor, as well as the lunar crater C. Herschel, and the planetoid (281) Lucretia. She also is famous for her work with her brother. She aided him in his studies. She reorganized John Flamsteed's "British Catalogue", which listed nearly 3,000 stars.

Herschel's brother died in 1822 and left her without his financial support. She returned to Hanover after his death and received her stipend from the British Royal Family. She also helped her brother's son finish his father's work.

Caroline Herschel was awarded a gold medal for her works in science from the Royal Astronomical Society in 1828. She was made an honorary member at the Royal Astronomical Society ten years later. Herschel also received a similar award from the Royal Irish Academy. She was awarded the gold medal for science by the King of Prussia on her ninety-sixth birthday.

Toward the end of Caroline's life, she arranged two-and-a-half thousand nebulae and star clusters into zones of similar polar distances. Her nephew, John Herschel, re-examined them systematically. The list was eventually enlarged and renamed the New General Catalogue. Many non-stellar objects are still identified by their NGC number.

Herschel died on January 9, 1848 in Germany. She died at the age of 97. Herschel was never married.

An asteroid was discovered in 1888. It was called Lucretia, Herschel's middle name. Herschel continued to have a legacy after her death because she discovered several comets.

Frank Sinatra Jr.

Francis Wayne Sinatra (January 10, 1944 – March 16, 2016), professionally known as Frank Sinatra, Jr., was an American singer, songwriter, conductor and actor. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He was the son of Frank Sinatra. He was known for his song "That Face!" and for appearing on some shows with Dean Martin. In later years, he was in some episodes of "Family Guy".

He had an older sister, Nancy Sinatra and a younger sister, Tina Sinatra.

Sinatra was kidnapped, at the age of 19, on December 8, 1963 at Harrah's Lake Tahoe (room 417). Sinatra was released two days later after his father paid the $240,000 ransom demanded by the kidnappers.

Sinatra died suddenly of cardiac arrest in Daytona Beach, Florida on March 16, 2016. He was 72.


Marion Patrick Jones

Marion Patrick Jones (16 August 1930 – 2 March 2016) was a Trinidadian novelist. She wrote about library science and social anthropology. She was also known by the names Marion Glean and Marion O'Callaghan (her married name). She was the author of two notable novels: "Pan Beat", first published in 1973, and "J’Ouvert Morning" (1976). She was born in Port of Spain.

Jones died at her home in Port of Spain of heart failure on 2 March 2016 at the age of 85.

Ralph C. Johnson

Ralph C. Johnson (1953 or 1954 – March 15, 2016) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Greensboro, North Carolina. Johnson served as a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2015 until his death in 2016. He represented the 58th district.

Johnson died in a hospital in Greensboro, North Carolina after suffering a stroke. He was aged 62.

Alexander Esenin-Volpin

Alexander Sergeyevich Esenin-Volpin (also written Ésénine-Volpine and Yessenin-Volpin in his French and English publications; ; May 12, 1924 March 16, 2016) was a Soviet-born American poet and mathematician. He was a known dissident, political prisoner and a leader of the Soviet human rights movement. He spent a total of fourteen years incarcerated and repressed by the Soviet authorities in prisons, psikhushkas and exile. He worked at Boston University.

In 1973 he was one of the signers of the Humanist Manifesto. In 2005, Esenin-Volpin participated in "They Chose Freedom", a four-part television documentary on the history of the Soviet dissident movement.

Volpin died on March 16, 2016, aged 91.


James Darren

James William Ercolani (born June 8, 1936), known by his stage name James Darren, is an American television and movie actor, television director, and singer. He was known for his roles as Moondoggie in "Gidget", Tony Newman in "The Time Tunnel", and as Vic Fontaine in "". One of Darren's successful top ten songs was "Angel Face," ca. 1960. 

Darren was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Lexa

Léa Cristina Lexa Araújo, better known by the stage name Lexa, is a singer, composer and Brazilian dancer. Her first single, the "Posso Ser" song, was released in December 2014 and became one of the most played tracks on Brazilian radio in 2015. This song is part of the EP of the same title released by Lexa in March 2015 and disclosed as a preview of her first studio album. In September 2015, the singer released her debut album, titled Disponível.

Lexa was discovered by Batutinha music producer, who, after watching it on YouTube, introduced her to entrepreneur Kamilla Fialho, who hired through K2L Entertainment Artistic agency. Thus, in December 2014 is released the first single from Lexa, the "Posso Ser" song, which reached the Top 30 on parade Hot 100 Airplay, Billboard Brazil, and became the 93rd most played song in the Brazilian radio stations in 2015.


Merrick Garland

Merrick Brian Garland (born November 13, 1952) is an American federal judge and politician. Garland is the 86th and current United States Attorney General during the Joe Biden administration since 2021. He was the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit from 2013 to 2020. He was on that court from 1997 until 2021 after being nominated by President Bill Clinton.

In 2016, Garland was nominated by President Barack Obama to the Supreme Court to replace Antonin Scalia following his death. However, in a Republican-controlled senate, a confirmation hearing was never held and his nomination expired on January 3, 2017.

In January 2021, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Garland to be the United States Attorney General in his cabinet. He was confirmed by the United States Senate and sworn-in in March 2021.

Garland was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from Harvard College and from Harvard Law School.

Garland practiced corporate litigation at Arnold & Porter and worked as a federal prosecutor in the U.S. Department of Justice, where he played a leading role in the investigation and prosecution of the Oklahoma City bombers.

In 1995, Garland was appointed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and (following a delay in Senate confirmation) took the bench in 1997. In 2009 and 2010, Garland was considered by President Barack Obama for two openings on the Supreme Court.

On March 16, 2016, Obama nominated Garland to serve as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, to fill the vacancy created by the death of Antonin Scalia.

Garland has more federal judicial experience than any Supreme Court nominee in history. He is the oldest Supreme Court nominee since Lewis F. Powell, Jr. in 1971.

After Republicans refused to give Garland a confirmation hearing, Garland's nomination expired in January 2017 shortly before the inauguration of Donald Trump. Trump said he will announce his Justice nominee for the Supreme Court on January 31, 2017.

On January 6, 2021, then President-elect Joe Biden said that we would nominate Garland to be the United States Attorney General during his administration.

On March 1, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted 15-7 to advance Garland's nomination to a full Senate vote. On March 10, the Senate confirmed Garland by a vote of 70-30 to become the next Attorney General.

Garland married Lynn in 1977. He lives in Bethesda, Maryland.

Article Three of the United States Constitution

Article Three of the United States Constitution creates the judicial branch of the United States government. It creates the Supreme Court of the United States, and allows the United States Congress to create less powerful federal courts. It also sets out the powers that these courts have.

Section 1 of Article Three starts out by creating the Supreme Court one court that will be more powerful than any other court in the country. It also gives Congress the power to create "inferior" (less powerful) federal courts.

It allows judges in these courts to get a regular salary for their work. Section 1 protects the judges by saying that their salaries will not be decreased while they are in office (working as a federal judge).

Section 1 says that judges "shall hold their Offices [keep their jobs] during good Behavior." This is meant to protect federal judges, and also to make sure that the federal judiciary is independent.
Before it won its independence in the American Revolutionary War, America was a colony of the British Empire. The Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution just four years after the War ended. They still remembered what the courts in the American colonies were like. As Thomas Jefferson wrote in the Declaration of Independence, Britain's King George III "made judges dependent on his will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries."

This meant that the judges could not be independent or impartial. If they made a decision that King George did not like, they could be fired, or not paid. Judges who wanted to keep their jobs made decisions based on what King George would want, not based on what the law said. If judges are cannot be independent, or do not follow they law, courts are not fair, and there is no way for regular people to get justice.

The Constitution makes sure that this will not happen to United States federal judges. By saying judges "shall hold their Offices during good Behavior," Section 1 is basically allowing judges to keep their jobs for the rest of their lives. In , the Constitution does say that Congress can take away a judge's job but only after being convicted in a trial, and only for "Treason, Bribery, or other High crimes and Misdemeanors." (This is what Section 1 means by behavior that is not "good.") In other words, the Constitution makes sure that all judges will lose their jobs for making even the slightest unpopular decision. This denies judges the freedom to be independent, and to make the decisions that they think are fair, and makes them choose between right and reelection.

Article III clearly allows only one Supreme Court. However, it does not say how many Supreme Court Justices (judges) there should be. Congress solved this problem in 1948 by passing a law. The law says that the Supreme Court will have 9 Justices, including one Chief Justice.

In both Section 1 and in , the Constitution gives Congress the right to create courts that are "inferior" to the Supreme Court. However, the Constitution does not say how many "inferior" courts there should be, or how they should be set up. It leaves those decisions to Congress. Congress decided to create two different kinds of "inferior" courts (also called "lower courts"). In the Judiciary Act of 1789, they created:


Clause 1 of Section 2 explains the powers the federal court has, and the limits of those powers.

Clause 1 gives the federal courts the power to hear and judge actual "cases and controversies" only. For example, they cannot hear a case about a situation that might come up in the future.

When Clause 2 talks about "jurisdiction," it is talking about who has the power to hear a case.

"Original jurisdiction" is the power to hear a case first, before any other court. Clause 2 gives the Supreme Court original jurisdiction in:

In all the other cases mentioned in Clause 2, the Supreme Court has "appellate jurisdiction." That means another court has the power to hear the case first. If somebody appeals that court's decision, the Supreme Court can take the case on appeal. Clause 2 gives the Supreme Court the power to hear appeals on:

However, the Supreme Court can only review a case on appeal if it thinks the lower court's decision breaks a law or goes against the Constitution.

There is one specific power that Clause 2 does not give the federal judiciary. Clause 2 says that the federal judiciary has power over "the laws of the United States." However, it does "not" say that the federal courts have power over the laws of "individual" states. Also, when Congress passed the Judiciary Act of 1789, they also never gave the federal courts this power. This means that the federal courts can only review or change the decisions of state supreme courts if the state decision may have broken a federal law or the Constitution. The federal courts had no power to review or change state supreme court decisions that were just based on state laws. Basically, this gave each state supreme court the final say over the laws in their state. Different states could decide completely different things, so the laws might be completely different in one state than another.

In 1795, the Eleventh Amendment changed part of Clause 2. It took away the federal judiciary's power to get involved in lawsuits between states and citizens of other states or countries.

In "Marbury v. Madison" (1803), the Supreme Court ruled that Congress cannot change the Supreme Court's original jurisdiction. However, the appellate jurisdiction of the Court is different. Congress is able to make the rules for the federal courts' appellate division, including rules about their jurisdictions.

"Marbury v. Madison" also created an important power called judicial review. This is the Supreme Court's ability to review whether a law, treaty, or executive rule breaks a law that already exists, a state Constitution, or the United States Constitution. After "Marbury", the Supreme Court started keeping an eye on what the state and federal governments were doing, instead of just trying cases that people brought to them.

Clause 2 says that the Supreme Court has "judicial power [over] all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution [and] the Laws of the United States..." However, it does not say exactly what this means. The Supreme Court clarified this in a case called "Osborn v. Bank of the United States" (1824). Supreme Court Justice John Marshall wrote an opinion about what a "federal" case is, and what "arising under" the Constitution or federal laws means. Basically, he said a case is federal and under the federal courts' original jurisdiction if:

Clause 3 of Section 2 says that federal crimes have to be tried in front of a jury, unless the defendant does not want a jury. The only type of federal crime that is not tried before a jury is an impeachment. (Article One, Section 3 of the Constitution says that only the United States Senate can try impeachment cases.)

Clause 3 also says the person's trial must be held in the state where they did the crime. If they did not do the crime in any particular state, then Congress gets to choose where the trial will be held.

Several of the Constitutional Amendments in the Bill of Rights talk more about the rights of people who are on trial in criminal or civil court.

The last section of Article 3 talks about treason and how it should be punished. The Founding Fathers wanted to make sure that Americans' rights were protected. They also knew that in the past, in England, some kings had gotten rid of their political opponents just by accusing them of treason. For these reasons, the Founders wanted to make sure the Constitution said specifically what crimes were treason; what would be needed to find people guilty; and what the punishments could be.
The Constitution is very specific about what crimes are treason:

Section 3 also makes it clear that treason must be an "overt act." This means that to commit treason, a person must actually do something, not just plan to do it. For example, if a group of people got together and planned to attack part of the United States, that would not be treason because they had not actually done anything yet to hurt the country. If they did attack the United States, that would be an overt act, and it would be treason.

It also says that there are only two ways for a person to be convicted of treason. Two different witnesses must say in court that they saw the person do that overt act. If there are not two witnesses, then the person must admit in court that they committed treason. If neither of these things happen, the person cannot be found guilty of treason. Parts of this rule came from a British law called the Treason Act 1695.

Finally, Section 3 talks about punishment for people found guilty of treason. It gives Congress the power to decide the punishment. However, there is one punishment that the Constitution does not allow: punishing a person's family and descendants for that person's crime. In English law, if a person was convicted of treason, their punishment would include an "Attainder" (also called a "Corruption of Blood"). This meant that not only the person, but their family and heirs, would be punished and thought of as guilty. Once a person was "attainted," they would be executed. However, their heirs would also lose the right to inherit that person's land, property, or money.

The end of Section 3 specifically says that this punishment is not allowed. When the Founders wrote "no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted," they meant: "No heirs may be punished, and Congress can make the traitor forfeit (give up) their property, but only during their lifetime." Their heirs would have to be able to inherit their property when the traitor died.

Ralph Ketner

Ralph W. Ketner (September 20, 1920 – May 29, 2016) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was known for being the founder of Food Lion (founded as Food Town). He founded the grocery store chain in the 1950s. During his career, Ketner has given away 35% of his profit to charity.

Ketner was born in Rimertown, North Carolina. He grew up during the Great Depression. He studied at Tri-State College in Angola, Indiana. Ketner is married to Anne Blizzard. They have two children. In March 2016, Ketner was hospitalized and diagnosed with colon cancer. He died on May 29, 2016 in Salisbury, North Carolina from the disease at the age of 95.


Samuel H. Young

Samuel Hollingsworth Young (December 26, 1922 – September 23, 2017) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Illinois. He represented Illinois's 10 congressional district as a Republican. He served as a representative from January 3, 1973 through January 3, 1975. He was replaced by Abner J. Mikva.

Young was born in Casey, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois. Young died at his home in Glenview, Illinois on September 23, 2017 from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 94.

Louise Arner Boyd

Louise Arner Boyd (September 16, 1887 – September 14, 1972) was an American explorer. She explored Greenland and the Arctic. She wrote many articles about her journeys and published two successful books. 

Boyd was a photographer on the trip over the Arctic Ocean in 1941. The crew on the trip to the Arctic called her the "Ice Woman".
Boyd was the first person to fly over the North Pole. She did this in 1955.

She was born in San Rafael, California. She died in San Francisco.

Ranulph Fiennes

Sir Ranulph Twistleton-Wykeham-Fiennes (born 7 March 1944) is an English explorer. 

Fiennes was born in Windsor, Berkshire. He was educated at Eton College.

Fiennes wrote many books. He wrote 'The sett','Mad,bad and dangerous to know' , 'The secret Hunters' and much more.

Fiennes has led over 30 expeditions. Ranulph did the first unsupported walk across Antarctica. Fiennes holds many records for his 52,000-mile expedition. It ended successfully on August 29, 1982. Fiennes is the only man alive ever to have travelled around the Earth's circumpolar.

He became an English explorer after joining the armed forces.

Fiennes was brought up in South Africa and lived in England for the rest of his life. He climbed Mount Everest successfully in 2009.


State ratifying conventions

State ratifying conventions are one of the two ways established by Article Five of the United States Constitution for ratifying proposed constitutional amendments. Ratifying conventions have only been used on one occasion. This was in 1933 and was used to ratify the 21st Amendment. All other proposed constitutional amendments have been offered to the state legislatures for ratification.

The Constitution also provides that state ratifying conventions may also be used to propose a constitutional amendment. However, to date, none of the 27 amendments to the Constitution have been proposed by state conventions. A state ratifying convention may be called by a two-thirds vote by a state legislature.

Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?

Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? (""; ) is an Indian soap opera. It is shown during the daytime on weekdays, on Star Plus. It originally ran from 6 June 2011 until 30 November 2012. The show is mainly about the romance between Arnav Singh Raizada (Barun Sobti) and Khushi Kumari Gupta (Sanaya Irani).

The series is done in Hindi. The actors' voices have been recorded over (dubbing) in Tamil (as "Idhu Kadhala"), Telugu (as "Chuppulu Kalisina Shubhavela"), Malayalam (as "Mounam Sammadham"), Turkish (as "Bir Garip Ask") and Arabic (as "Men Nazra Thanya").

The show stopped being made in 2012. This was because Sobti, who plays the main character, quit the show. Three years later, in November 2015, a web series of eight episodes was released. It continued the story, and Sobti returned to play Arnav. The web series was successful. Because of its success, the television series was renewed for another 30 episodes. It is to be shown on Star Plus in March 2016.

For his role as Arnav, Sobti won "Favorite TV Drama Actor" at the People's Choice Awards in 2012, and "Best Actor Popular" at the Indian Television Academy Awards in 2012. Sobti and Irani also won the Indian Telly Award for "Best Onscreen Couple" in 2012.

Arnav Singh Raizada (Barun Sobti) is a successful businessman in India. He is the owner of AR Designs. He is popularly known as ASR in the business world. He is ruthless and egoistic though sophisticated in his behaviour. He believes that money is the most important thing in the world. He is an atheist and does not believe in rituals, customs and traditions. He does not believe in marriage and wanted to maintain a living relationship with his ex-girlfriend Lavanya Kashyap. Besides this, he loves his elder sister Anjali (Daljeet Kaur Bhanot) and respects his elders. He suffers from diabetes from an early age. He has hobbies of planting and gardening. However his arrogant and ruthless attitude changes when he falls in love with Khushi Kumari Gupta (Sanaya Irani).

Khushi is hired as Arnav's assistant. She is a simple, traditional girl. She is also an orphan, but she believes in the power of love and maintains a strong faith in God. Despite their differences, they are attracted to each other. They eventually get married.





Twenty-first Amendment to the United States Constitution

Validated on December 5, 1933, the Twenty-first Amendment (Amendment XXI) to the United States Constitution canceled the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and ended the Prohibition Era in the United States. It is the only Amendment to repeal another amendment. It is also the only Amendment to have been ratified by state ratifying conventions rather than by state legislatures.

The Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution had started a period in the US known as Prohibition. During this time the manufacture, distribution, and sale of alcoholic beverages was illegal. Passage of the Eighteenth Amendment in 1919 was the chief goal of the temperance movement. but it soon proved highly unpopular. Crime had soared under Prohibition as gangsters, such as Chicago's Al Capone, became rich from a very profitable black market for alcohol. The federal government was unable to enforce the Volstead Act. In 1932, wealthy industrialist John D. Rockefeller, Jr. stated in a letter: As more and more Americans opposed the Eighteenth Amendment, a political movement grew for its repeal. However, repeal was complicated by grassroots politics. Although the U.S. Constitution provides two methods for ratifying constitutional amendments, only one method had been used up until that time. This was ratification by the state legislatures of three-fourths of the states. However, the wisdom of the day was that the lawmakers of many states were either obligated to or simply afraid of the temperance lobby. For that reason, when Congress formally proposed the repeal of Prohibition on February 20, 1933, it chose the "other" ratification method established by Article V. That is by state conventions. 

The second section bans the importation of alcohol in violation of state or territorial law. This has been interpreted to give states essentially absolute control over alcoholic beverages. Many U.S. states still remained "dry" (with state prohibition of alcohol) long after its ratification. Mississippi was the last, remaining dry until 1966. Kansas continued to prohibit public bars until 1987. Many states now delegate the authority over alcohol granted to them by this Amendment to their municipalities or counties (or both), which has led to many lawsuits over First Amendment rights when local governments have tried to revoke liquor licenses.

Section 2 has been the source of every Supreme Court ruling directly addressing Twenty-first Amendment issues. Early rulings suggested that Section 2 enabled states to legislate with exceptionally broad constitutional powers. 

In "State Board of Equalization v. Young's Market Co.", (1936), the Supreme Court held that a state could require a license fee for importing beer from other states and also for manufacturing beer within the state. The court recognized that "Prior to the Twenty-first Amendment it would obviously have been unconstitutional" for a state to require a fee for such a privilege. 

In "Craig v. Boren" (1976), the Supreme Court addressed the issue of proposed legislation with different ages for males and females regarding alcohol consumption in Oklahoma (age 18 for females, age 21 for males). The Court overturned the motion because of a presumed violation of the Equal Protection Clause in the Fourteenth Amendment.

In "South Dakota v. Dole" (1987), the Supreme Court upheld the withholding of some federal highway funds to states in which the legal drinking age is less than twenty-one years of age is lawful. The Court held that the limitations on spending power in the Twenty-First Amendment did not prohibit Congress to indirectly achieve federal objectives.

In "44 Liquormart, Inc. v. Rhode Island" (1996), Rhode Island passed a law that banned liquor advertising from places that did not sell liquor. The petitioners based their suit on their First Amendment right to free speech. In a unanimous decision the Court held that states cannot use the Twenty-first Amendment to abridge freedom of speech protections under the First Amendment. However, the Court acknowledged the state was empowered to regulate the sale of liquor under the Twenty-First Amendment.


United States presidential election

The election of the President and Vice President of the United States is an indirect vote in which citizens cast ballots for a set of members of the U.S. Electoral College. These electors then cast direct votes for the President and Vice President. If both votes result in an absolute majority, the election is over. If a majority of electors do not vote for President, the House of Representatives chooses the President; if a majority of electors do not vote for Vice President, the Senate votes. Presidential elections occur quadrennially on Election Day, which since 1845 has been the Tuesday after the first Monday in November, coinciding with the general elections of various other federal, state, and local races. The most recent United States presidential election was held on November 3, 2020.

To be eligible to be president, a candidate must:

Litomyšl

Litomyšl is a town in the Czech Republic. The population is 10,000. It is in the Pardubice Region in eastern Bohemia. A famous composer, Bedřich Smetana, was born there in 1824. Litomyšl Castle is on the UNESCO Heritage List.
The most important landmarks there are Litomyšl Castle, Knights´ Hall, Church of the Raising of the Holy Cross, Piarist Church of the Discovery of the Holy Cross and Piarist college, New Church of the Church of the Brethren, Portmoneum (Museum), Smetana´s Cultural House, Indoor swimming pool.
The dominant feature of Litomyšl is a monumental Renaissance castle. It was built from 1568 to1581 by the House of Pernštejn. Litomyšl Castle was originally a Renaissance arcade-castle of the Italian type. Its design and decoration is fantastic. There is a rich sgraffito decoration on the walls. Later, the Baroque features were added in the 18th century. The architect of the building was Giovanni Battista Aostalli. The first owner and the donator was Vratislav II. from Pernštejn. In the castle grounds there is Castle Brewery, too. In Catle Brewery there was born Bedřich Smetana, a famous composer. The castle was written on the UNESCO Heritage list in 1999. The International Smetana´s Opera Festival takes place there every June.

This is one of the most beautiful houses in Litomyšl square. It was built by a stonemason Blažek after a fire in 1540. It was finished in 1546. The stone facade is decorated with decorative and figurative motives. On the sides of the middle window there are 2 statues of the knights. They are famous from story by a popular writer Alois Jirásek. The house is decorated with other figures (a merchant, a mermaid, a lion, a unicorn). There is a town gallery today.
The church was founded in 1378 (638 years ago) in gothic style. Most of equipment is from the second half of the 18th century. The main altar was built in 1767, sculpture decoration was made by František Pacák. The altar image of the Holy Cross was painted by Ignác Raab. There was a massive renovation of the building from 1995 to 2000. In May 2000, the new organs were instaled there The church is a dominant of the historical part of the town, now.

This church is located opposite Litomyšl Castle. The church was built in baroque style. It was designed by Giovanni Battista Alliprandi. He was a famous architect from Italy. The church was constructed from 1716 to 1726. There is a former piarist college on the left of the church.

It is a Catholic church. It was demaged in the 20th century. The renovation was done at the beginning of the 21st century. Now people come here to pray, listen to the concerts and visit exhibitions. You can climb up to the roof and have a look around the historical town centre.

In front of the church there is Regional Museum Litomyšl. The museum building used to be a grammar school.

Behind the church there is Monastery garden. It is a renovated garden which is a very popular park now.

This modern building was built from 2008 to 2010. The church was designed by an architect Zdeněk Fránek. There are artworks by Karel Malich and Vojtěch Cígler as well. The church has got a room for 150 people, 2 clubs and a social lobby. Worship takes places there every Sunday at 9:30. Sometimes you can visit concerts or exhibitions there. Eeverybody can come there.
The history of the Museum of Jan Vachal began in 1920 when an artist Váchal decorated a house of his friend. Vachal's wall paintings in the Portmoneum are very complicated.The paintings are citations from Váchal´s stories. The painted topics are a country and a number of devils, spirits and ghosts. The museum was opened thanks to the Paseka publishing house in the honour of Vachal's work. It was opened in 1993. It was called the Portmoneum after the house owner Portman.

The construction of this cultural hall began in 1903. The chief builder was J. Kreml from Litomysl. The foundation stone was laid on April 4, 1903. Smetana’s house is named after a famous composer Bedřich Smetana. He was born in Litomyšl in 1824. Smetana’s house is a theater and a cultural centre. Smetana’s house consists of a big auditorium, a small auditorium and a lounge. Its style is the Art Nouveau. You can visit concerts, balls and theatre performances there.

The building of the museum was originally the piaristic grammar school. Alois Jirásek taught there. It is situated next to the Piaristic Church and opposite the castle. There was a big reconstruction of the building from 2012 to 2014. Today you can visit a new interactive display show of the history of the town, smaller displays of the Cabinet ancient history or Guild of shooters to target. Other contemporary exhibitions often take place there.

Twenty-third Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-third Amendment (Amendment XXIII) to the United States Constitution extends the right to vote in the presidential election to citizens residing in the District of Columbia by granting the District electors in the Electoral college, as if it were a state. The amendment was proposed by the 86th Congress on June 16, 1960, and ratified by the states on March 29, 1961.

According to the terms of the amendment, the district is allocated as many electors as it would have if it were a state, but no more electors than the least populous state (currently Wyoming, which has three electors); thus, the district cannot have more than three electors. Even if it were a state, the district's population would entitle it to only three electors. Since the passage of this amendment, the District's electoral votes have been cast for the Democratic Party's presidential and vice presidential candidates in every election.

When the Constitution was ratified, the nation's capital was New York City. However, Article one, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution states:
Selecting the site for the new capital was a political compromise. Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury and bankers, mainly from the northeast, got the Bank of the United States located in Philadelphia. In exchange, a special District of Columbia would be located on the Potomac River, closer to the southern states and controlled by Congress.

Washington DC was founded on July 16, 1790 on a site selected by George Washington. He appointed three commissioners to prepare the city for the new government, scheduled for 1800. While this was taking place, from 1790 until 1800, the capital was Philadelphia. 

In 1800, as planned, the District of Columbia became the nation's capital. At the time the population was only about 5,000 residents. As a district and federal territory, the population did not have a local or state government. They also could not vote in federal elections.

Passed by Congress on June 17, 1960, and ratified by the states on March 29, 1961, Amendment XXIII, for the purposes of the Electoral College, treats the District of Columbia the same as if it were a state. This gives the citizens of the District the right to vote in presidential elections. The Amendment does not make the district a state, it gives the residents the same number of electors the same number as if it were a state. But, per the amendment, no more than the smallest state. The Amendment does not give district citizens any representation in Congress. Congress continues to govern the district.

While the District of Columbia is considered politically neutral at the time of passage in 1961, the District swung dramatically toward the Democratic Party since. African-Americans have voted in greater numbers than they had in the 1940s and 1950s. According to the 1970 census, 71% of the Federal District was black, a dramatic jump. As a result, the District has sent its 3 electoral votes to the Democratic candidate in every single presidential election since 1964. However, the District's electoral votes have yet to prove decisive in a presidential election. The smallest Electoral College majority won by a Democratic president since the Twenty-third Amendment's ratification was the 56 vote majority achieved by Jimmy Carter in 1976.


Paul Daniels

Newton Edward Daniels (6 April 1938 – present

, known by his stage name Paul Daniels, was an English magician and television performer. 

He was known for his show "The Paul Daniels Magic Show". It ran on the BBC from 1979 to 1994. He was known for his catchphrase of "You'll like this ... not a lot, but you'll like it". He also hosted three game shows on the BBC, Odd One Out from 1982 to 1985, Every Second Counts from 1986 to 1993 and Wipeout from 1994 to 1997. 

He was born in South Bank, Middlesbrough. He married Jacqueline Skipworth in 1960. The couple had three sons: Gary, Paul and Martin. Daniels was married to his assistant Debbie McGee from 1988 until his death. 

Daniels died of a brain tumor in Wargrave, Berkshire, aged 77.

 

Suaad Allami

Suaad Allami (Arabic: سعاد اللامي) or Suaad Abbas Salman Allami (Arabic: سعاد عباس سلمان العلمي ) is an Iraqi lawyer from Sadr City in Baghdad. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award. Alami started a women's center in Baghdad with the NGO Women For Progress. Women for Progress was the first legal clinic for women in Iraq. 

Allami graduated from Baghdad University School of Law in 1992. She worked as a lawyer in Iraq's family courts for seventeen years. 

In 2010 Allami received a Master's Degree (LLM) in Law and Human Rights from the University of Minnesota Law School. 

Allami was in the Baghdad Provincial Council and Sadr City District Council from 2004 to 2009. She wrote laws for the District and Sub-District Councils of Baghdad Province. 

Allami opened the first all female legal clinic in Iraq. She runs five women’s centers in Baghdad. 






Superior, Wisconsin

Superior is a city in northwestern Wisconsin, United States. At the 2010 census, the population was 27,244. Superior is at the western end of Lake Superior. It is also the county seat of Douglas County.

Superior was the last place that the "Edmund Fitzgerald" visited before it sank.

Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-fifth Amendment (Amendment XXV) to the United States Constitution says that if the President becomes unable to do his or her job, the Vice President becomes the President (Section 1) or Acting President (Sections 3 or 4). This can happen for a short period of time, if the President is just sick or disabled for a short time. It could also happen until the end of the President's term (the President's time in office), if the President died, resigned, or is "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office".

The Twenty-fifth Amendment also says what should happen if there is a "vacancy" in the Vice President's office (meaning there is no Vice President).

The Amendment was ratified by the states and became part of the U.S. Constitution on February 10, 1967.

 of the Constitution says:
This means that if the President is fired, dies, resigns, or is unable "to discharge [their] Powers and Duties" (unable to do the things a President has to do), the Vice President will take over their job. The Vice President will do the President's job until they get better (if they are just sick or disabled), or until the next Presidential election (if the President resigned or is dead). If neither the President nor the Vice President can do the President's job, Congress can decide who takes over the President's job. This is all the Constitution says about this subject.

This clause was not very specific. It did not say:

In 1841, the ninth President, William Henry Harrison, became the first United States President to die in office. Before this, Representative John Williams had suggested that the Vice President should become Acting President if the President died. Also, after Harrison died, his Cabinet had met and decided that Vice President John Tyler would become "Vice-President Acting President." However, Tyler did not like this idea. He announced that he had become the President, and was not just doing the old President's job. He refused to look at any papers that were addressed to him as "Acting President."

Tyler took the Presidential Oath, moved into the White House, and took over all of the old President's powers. Nobody formally challenged Tyler's claim to the Presidency. Eventually, both Houses of Congress passed a resolution saying that Tyler was the tenth President of the United States. This created "the precedent of full succession." A precedent is a rule or law that might be followed in the future if a similar situation came up again. "Full succession" means that the Vice President would become the President, not Acting President, if the actual President died. The "precedent of full succession" became known as the "Tyler Precedent."

At other times, Presidents did not die, but they were unable to do their jobs because of illness. For example, during his Presidency, Woodrow Wilson had a stroke. However, the First Lady, Edith Wilson, and the official White House doctor kept the stroke a secret. Because of this, no one took over the Presidency, even though Wilson could not do the job at that time.

Before the 25th Amendment, the office of Vice President had been empty eighteen times because the Vice President died, resigned, or had to take over for the President. For example, there was no Vice President for nearly four years after Franklin D. Roosevelt died.

These problems made it clear that the government needed more specific rules.

On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. Kennedy's assassination made it very clear to Congress that they needed to figure out a solution about presidential succession right away. The United States was in the middle of the Cold War. The new President, Lyndon B. Johnson, had previously had a heart attack in 1955 along with a family history of Johnson men dying relatively young (in their early 60s, which he did in 1973 aged 64). The next two people in line for the presidency were the Speaker of the House of Representatives, John McCormack (who was 71 years old), and the President pro tempore of the Senate, Carl Hayden (who was 86 years old). Congress started moving more quickly.

Members of Congress suggested two different amendments to fill in the details missing from Clause 6.

The KeatingKefauver Proposal suggested allowing Congress to make a law about who should decide when a President is disabled. It was proposed in 1963 by Senator Kenneth Keating of New York, and supported by Tennessee Senator Estes Kefauver. However, other Senators were worried that Congress could abuse this power, or would not actually make the law after the amendment was passed.

The BayhCeller Proposal ended up becoming the Twenty-fifth Amendment. On January 6, 1965, Senator Birch Bayh proposed the amendment in the United States Senate, and Representative Emanuel Celler (Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee) proposed it in the United States House of Representatives. Unlike the KeatingKefauver Proposal, it suggested a way to fill the Vice President's position if it was empty, and also set out rules for how a President could be declared "disabled."

On February 19, 1965, the Senate passed the amendment. However, the House passed a different version of the amendment on April 13. The House and Senate had to form committees to figure out a version of the amendment they could all agree on. On July 6, 1965, both Houses of Congress passed the final version of the amendment and sent it to the states for ratification.

As with all Constitutional amendments proposed by the Congress, the Twenty-fifth Amendment had to be ratified by three-fourths of the states (38 of 50). Ratification was complete 19 months after the Amendment was proposed. Another nine states subsequently also ratified the Amendment; three states did not vote to ratify the Amendment.

The states ratified the Amendment in this order:

Section 1 made the "Tyler Precedent" a law. It says that if a President is removed from office, dies, or resigns, the Vice President immediately becomes President (not "Acting President").

Before the Twenty-fifth Amendment, if the Vice President's position was empty, it stayed empty until the next election.

Under Section 2, whenever there is a vacancy in the office of Vice President, the President nominates someone to replace the Vice President. If a majority of both Houses of Congress agree, that person becomes the Vice President.

Section 3 says that a President can declare themselves "unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office" (unable to do their job). He or she must say this in a written letter to both the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives. Once the President does this, the Vice President becomes Acting President. The President can take back the Presidency at any time by sending letters to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House, saying he or she is able to discharge the powers and duties of the Presidency again.

Section 4 is the only part of the Amendment that has never been used. It allows other executive officials to declare the President unable to do their job. The Vice President must agree to do this. So must:

To declare the President unable to do his job, these people would have to sign and give a letter to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House. As with Section 3, the Vice President would then become the Acting President.

The President may take back the Presidency by sending a letter to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House. However, if the Vice President and the Cabinet think the President is still disabled and still cannot do their job, they can challenge their return. They have four days to write another declaration saying the President is still unable to do their job. The Vice President is still Acting President during these four days. Congress then has to get together within 48 hours, if they are not already in session. Then Congress has 21 days to make a decision. In the meantime, the Vice President is still Acting President.

If two-thirds of each House of Congress votes that the President still cannot do their job, the Vice President would continue to be Acting President. If Congress does not vote this way, or if they do not vote at all within 21 days, the President takes over the Presidency again.

The Twenty-fifth Amendment has been invoked (used) six times since it was added to the Constitution. Section 1 has been used once; Section 2 has been used twice; and Section 3 has been used three times. Only Section 4 has never been used, though it was considered twice.

President Richard Nixon resigned on August 9, 1974, before the House could vote on whether to impeach him for crimes related to the Watergate scandal. Vice President Gerald Ford became President as soon as Nixon resigned.

On October 10, 1973, Vice President Spiro Agnew resigned. Two days later, President Richard Nixon nominated United States Representative Gerald Ford of Michigan to be the new Vice President. According to Section 2, more than 50% of each House of Congress had to approve Ford as Vice President. By December 6, 97% of the Senate and 92% of the House had approved Ford. Ford was sworn in to the Vice Presidency later on December 6 before both Houses of Congress. Ford is the only person in United States history ever to be Vice President, and later President, without being elected to either office.

When Gerald Ford became President after Richard Nixon resigned, the Vice Presidency became vacant. On August 20, 1974, the new President Ford nominated former New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller to be the new Vice President. On December 10, 1974, the Senate confirmed Rockefeller with a vote of 90–7. Nine days later, the House voted 287-128 to confirm Rockefeller. He was sworn into office later on December 19, 1974, before the Senate.

Presidents have used Section 3 of the 25th Amendment four times. Each time, they have given power to their Vice Presidents for a short time because they needed to get anesthesia for medical tests or surgery. The four Acting Presidents in United States history are listed below.

On July 12, 1985, President Ronald Reagan found out that he had a small growth in his colon that could turn into colon cancer. His doctor told him he needed surgery. Reagan decided to have surgery right away.
However, Reagan did not want to invoke Section 3 of the 25th Amendment. He was worried that giving Presidential power away would set a bad precedent. The White House's head lawyer and Reagan's Chief of Staff suggested that he use Section 3 and give power to Vice President George H.W. Bush.

Two letters were created. The first invoked Section 3 and said Reagan would be unable to discharge his duties. The second said that Reagan knew about Section 3, and did not think it applied to his situation, but still wanted Bush to take over during his surgery. On July 13, Reagan signed the second letter and had it delivered to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House.

Reagan's autobiography, and other books, argue that Reagan clearly meant to give power to Vice President Bush. The White House lawyer, Fred Fielding, said:
However, since Reagan did not specifically mention Section 3 and say he could not do his job as President, he did not officially invoke the 25th Amendment.

On June 29, 2002, President George W. Bush became the first President to officially invoke Section 3. He needed a colonoscopy, a test of the colon, and would be getting anesthesia. He formally gave power to his Vice President, Dick Cheney, using the rules that the 25th Amendment set out. Unlike Reagan, he specifically said he was using Section 3 of the 25th Amendment in his letter to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House. After about two hours, Bush was awake and took back the Presidency.

On July 21, 2007, President Bush again invoked Section 3 so he could have another colonoscopy. Again, Cheney was Acting President for about two hours, until Bush was ready to take back the Presidency.

Kamala Harris (2021)

On November 19, 2021, President Joe Biden transferred presidential power to his vice president, Kamala Harris, between 10:10am and 11:35am while he underwent a colonoscopy. During this procedure, Harris became the first woman to hold the power of the presidency.

As of 2024, Section 4 has never been invoked, however there were at least two occasions where the use of Section 4 was considered and another where its non-use came under substantial criticism. These occurred during the presidency of Ronald Reagan.

On March 30, 1981, a man named John Hinckley tried to kill President Ronald Reagan. Reagan was shot and needed immediate surgery, so he could not invoke Section 3 to give power to his Vice President. His Vice President, George H.W. Bush, did not invoke Section 4, because he was on an airplane returning from Texas. Reagan was out of surgery by the time Bush got to Washington, D.C.

In 1995, Birch Bayh, who had written the Senate version of the 25th Amendment, wrote that Section 4 should have been invoked.

In 1987, Reagan's Chief of Staff, Donald Regan, resigned. Howard Baker replaced him. Reagan's staff told Baker that Reagan seemed lazy and unable to do his job. They told him to be ready for Section 4 of the 25th Amendment to be invoked.

According to the PBS program "American Experience":

In an interview on the program, Edmund Morris, who had written a biography of Reagan, said:

Meir Dagan

Aluf Meir Dagan (; 30 January 1945 – 17 March 2016) was an Israeli politician. He was a former Israel Defense Forces officer. He was a former Director of the Mossad. He served as director from 2002 through 2011.

Dagan was born in the Soviet Union. He moved to Israel at age five.

Dagan died of liver cancer in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 71.

Larry Drake

Larry Drake (February 21, 1950 – March 17, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Benny Stulwicz on the television show "L.A. Law", Robert G. Durant in "Darkman" and as Pops in "Johnny Bravo". He won two Emmy Awards in 1988 and in 1989.

Drake died of cardiac arrest complicated by a rare form of blood cancer on March 17, 2016 in Hollywood, California at the age of 66.

Zoltán Kamondi

Zoltán Kamondi (6 April 1960 – 17 March 2016) was a Hungarian movie director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Budapest, Hungary. He was known for directing "Paths of Death and Angels".

Kamondi died on 17 March 2016 at the age of 55.


Marian Kociniak

Marian Kociniak (11 January 1936 – 17 March 2016) was a Polish movie and theatre actor. He was known for his role in the 1970 movie "How I Unleashed World War II". He was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Kociniak died in Warsaw, Poland from a heart attack on 17 March 2016 at the age of 80.

Jean Miotte

Jean Miotte (1926 – 1 March 2016) was a French abstract painter. He worked with the style known as L'Art Informel. He was born in Paris. Miotte's work is preserved and studied at the Miotte Foundation in Manhattan. 

Moitte died in New York City, New York at the age of 90.


James Douglas (actor)

James Douglas (May 20, 1929 – March 5, 2016) was an American actor. He best known for his role as Grant Colman on "As the World Turns" (1974–81, with return appearances in 1986 and 1989).

Douglas was born in Los Angeles, California. He died on March 5, 2016 at the age of 86.

His first major role came in 1964 when he joined the cast of the primetime soap "Peyton Place". He played the role of Steven Cord. He stayed with the series until it left the air in 1969.

He then turned mainly to daytime roles, appearing as Elliott Carrington on "Another World" from 1972 to 1974. He then moved to "As the World Turns". He also appeared on "The Edge of Night" in 1984 and on "One Life to Live" as Dr. Marcus Polk (1985–87).


Erik Duval

Erik Duval (11 September 1965 – 12 March 2016) was a Belgian scientist. Duval chaired the informatics section of the computer science department of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. He also chaired the research unit on human-computer interaction. Duval died in Antwerp, Belgium from non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 50.

Solomon Marcus

Solomon Marcus (; March 1, 1925 – March 17, 2016) was a Romanian mathematician of Jewish descent. He was a member of the Mathematical Section of the Romanian Academy. He was also Emeritus Professor of the University of Bucharest's Faculty of Mathematics. 

His main research was in the fields of mathematical analysis, mathematical and computational linguistics and computer science, but he also published numerous papers on various cultural topics: poetics, linguistics, semiotics, philosophy and history of science and education.

Marcus died of heart failure on March 17, 2016 at the age of 91.



Vladimir Shainsky

Vladimir Yakovlevich Shainsky () (December 12, 1925 — December 25, 2017) was a Soviet and Russian composer. In the 1950s Shainsky played in Leonid Utyosov's orchestra. He taught young people how to conduct music. He worked as a composer and musical leader at different dance orchestras. He studied in Baku conservatory, the composers faculty.

Shainsky was born in Kiev.

Shainsky has been awarded many awards, including the USSR State Prize (1981), People's Artist of the Russian SFSR title (1986), Order of Friendship (1996), multiple laureate of the Russian (formerly Soviet) "Song of the Year" festival (since 1971).

Vladimir Shainsky died on December 25, 2017, at the age of 93, after a long illness at the San Diego Hospital in California, USA.


Arizona tree frog

These species of tree frogs in the Hylidae family are commonly referred to as the Arizona tree frog:


Nancy Olson

Nancy Olson (born April 14, 1928) is an American actress. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in "Sunset Boulevard" (1950). Other movies including "The Absent-Minded Professor" and "Airport 1975" (1974). She has mostly retired from acting. Olson was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Albert Abraham Michelson

Albert Abraham Michelson (December 19, 1852 – May 9, 1931) was an American physicist. He was born in Strzelno (in Posen, Prussia, now in Poland) but grew up in California. He was known for his work on measuring the speed of light. That work led to him being awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1907. He was the first American to receive it in the field of science.


Donna Mills

Donna Mills (born December 11, 1940) is an American actress and producer. She began her television career in 1966 with a recurring role on "The Secret Storm". She played Abby Cunningham on "Knots Landing". She won several Soap Opera Digest Awards for this role. She also played Madeline Reeves in "General Hospital" in 2014-2015. She won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Guest Performer in a Drama Series.

Mills was born in Chicago, Illinois. Some sources give her birth date as 1942 or 1943.

R136a1

R136a1 is one of the most massive and luminous known stars. It is a Wolf–Rayet star at the center of R136. 

R136 is the central group of stars of the large NGC 2070 open cluster in the Tarantula nebula. The nebula lies about 50 kiloparsecs (163,000 light-years) in the Large Magellanic Cloud. 

R136a1 has nearly 200 the mass of the Sun, and 4.7 million times its luminosity. It is also one of the hottest at over 50,000 K. The cluster is only about 1.5 million years old, and is pouring out a huge amount of energy. Together, they outshine our Sun by a factor of 30 million.

The star is the largest of nine huge stars in the cluster.

Madison (name)

Madison [ mad-"uh"-s"uh"n ] is a family name of English origin. The name Madison comes from the Old English words "maed" and "son," which mean "son of the mighty warrior." This meaning is why many parents choose Madison as a name for their child because it sounds strong and powerful. Additionally, Madison is also associated with intelligence and creativity, which makes it a popular choice for parents who want their child's name to reflect their personality and potential. It has become a popular first name in the United States. It was one of the most popular names during the 2000s–2010s for girls. This name was ranked #29 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Although less common, the name has also been used for boys.


Tarantula nebula

The Tarantula nebula (also known as 30 Doradus) is an H II region in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC). It was originally thought to be a star, but in 1751 Lacaille recognized it was a nebula.

The Tarantula nebula has an apparent magnitude of 8. Considering its distance of 49 kpc (160,000 light-years), this is an extremely luminous object. Its luminosity is so great that if it were as close to Earth as the Orion Nebula, the Tarantula nebula would cast shadows.

It is the most active starburst region known in the Local Group of galaxies. It is also one of the largest such regions in the Local Group with an estimated diameter of 200 pc.

30 Doradus has at its centre the star cluster NGC 2070 which includes the group of stars known as R136. This group puts out most of the energy that makes the nebula visible. The estimated mass of the cluster is 450,000 solar masses. It may become a globular cluster in the future.

In addition to NGC 2070, the Tarantula nebula has other star clusters, including the much older Hodge 301. The most massive stars of Hodge 301 have already exploded in supernovae. The closest supernova observed since the invention of the telescope, Supernova 1987A, occurred in the outskirts of the Tarantula Nebula. The remnants of many other supernovae are difficult to detect in the complex nebulosity.

Rice allergy

Rice allergy is a type of food allergy. People allergic to rice react to some rice proteins after they eat rice or breathe in rice steam. Although some reactions might lead to severe health problems, doctors can diagnose rice allergy with many methods and help allergic people to avoid reactions.

Some rice proteins are regarded as the causes of allergy in some people. People allergic to rice might have sneezing, runny nose, itching, asthma, stomachache or eczema after they eat rice. Besides eating rice, people with a rice allergy can have reactions breathing rice steam from cooked rice. Allergic people might have skin rashes and swellings. Moreover, they might stop breathing and die due to cardiac arrest.

People suspected of having a rice allergy can try diet avoidance on their own. First, they have to avoid rice for a couple of weeks. If they don’t have symptoms in the avoidance period, but have those when exposed to rice, they are most likely allergic to rice.

Specific rice IgE, a kind of antibody in human blood, will rise significantly when people are allergic to rice. A blood test shows the level of the antibody. 

A skin prick test, the most efficient diagnosis, shows the reactions in a short period. After being pricked in their skin with some rice mixture, allergic people will get itching and swelling in about 30 minutes.

Some symptoms might weaken if people get allergy shots. After getting several treatments for a long time, some allergic people will not have reactions afterwards.

Some reactions have been eased by replacing original rice with genetically modified rice. This is regarded as a new choice for rice allergic people. Reactions might lessen by staying away from rice long-term. 

Unlike other food allergies, rice allergy is relatively uncommon.It has been reported worldwide but mostly in China, Japan or Korea. Because rice is a major food in Asia, people from Asia are exposed to higher allergy risk than people from other areas.


Congressional Apportionment Amendment

The Congressional Apportionment Amendment (originally titled Article the First) is a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution. It was one of twelve "articles of amendment" to the United States Constitution approved by the 1st Congress on September 25, 1789. They were sent to the legislatures of the several states for ratification. If adopted, it would establish a formula for determining the appropriate size of the House of Representatives following each constitutionally required wikt:decennial census. It is the only one of the twelve proposed amendments that has not been adopted, as it has not been ratified by enough states for it to become part of the Constitution.

Because Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, the Congressional Apportionment Amendment is still technically pending before the states. Ratification by an additional 27 states is now necessary for this amendment to be adopted. The other 1789 article of amendment ("Article the Second") of the original 12, was belatedly ratified in 1992. It became the Twenty-seventh Amendment.

The "ideal" number of seats in the House of Representatives has been a subject of controversy since the country's founding. The delegates to the 1787 Constitutional Convention set the representation ratio at one representative for every 40,000 people. Upon the suggestion of George Washington, the ratio was changed to 1:30,000. This was the only time Washington voiced an opinion on any of the actual issues debated during the convention.
In Federalist No. 55, James Madison argued that the size of the House of Representatives has to balance the ability of the body to legislate with the need for legislators to have a relationship close enough to the people to understand their local circumstances, that such representatives' social class be low enough to sympathize with the feelings of the mass of the people, and that their power be diluted enough to limit their abuse of the public trust and interests. 

Anti-Federalists, who opposed the Constitution's ratification, noted that there was nothing in the document to guarantee that the number of seats in the House would continue to represent small constituencies as the general population of the states grew. They feared that over time, if the size remained relatively small and the districts became more expansive, that only well-known individuals with reputations spanning wide geographic areas could secure election. It was also feared that those in Congress would, as a result, have an insufficient sense of sympathy with and connectedness to ordinary people in their district.

This concern was evident in the various state ratifying conventions, where several specifically requested an amendment to secure a minimum size for the House of Representatives. Virginia's ratification resolution proposed,

Anti-Federalist Melancton Smith declared at the New York ratifying convention that, 
Federalists, who supported the Constitution's ratification, placated those opposing its ratification by agreeing that the new government should immediately address Anti-Federalist concerns and consider amending the Constitution. The assurance that these issues would be addressed in the First Congress was essential to the ratification of the new form of government.

An amendment establishing a formula for determining the appropriate size of the House of Representatives and the appropriate apportionment of representatives among the states was one of several proposed amendments to the Constitution introduced first in the House on June 8, 1789, by Representative James Madison of Virginia. Madison's original intent was, 

This, along with Madison's other proposals, was referred to a committee consisting of one representative from each state. After emerging from committee, the full House debated the issue and, on August 24, 1789, passed it and sixteen other articles of amendment. The proposals went next to the Senate, which made 26 substantive alterations. On September 9, 1789, the Senate approved a culled and consolidated package of twelve articles of amendment. Changed in this amendment was the apportionment formula to be followed once the number of House members reached 100.

At the time it was sent to the states for ratification, an affirmative vote by ten states would have made this amendment operational. That number rose to eleven on March 4, 1791, when Vermont joined the Union. By the end of 1791, the amendment was only one state short of the mark. However, when Kentucky attained statehood on June 1, 1792, the number climbed to twelve, and, even though Kentucky ratified the amendment that summer (along with the other eleven amendments), it was still one state short. No additional states ratified this amendment since. To become part of the Constitution, 27 additional ratifications are required.

Eugene Martin LaVergne, a former attorney claims to have found evidence that the entire proposed Bill of Rights, including this proposed amendment, was ratified by Connecticut in 1790. As such, Kentucky's 1792 ratification would have been sufficient for the amendment to meet the constitutional requirement to become part of the Constitution. However, according to LaVergne the Connecticut ratification was never forwarded to Congress for action. LaVergne argued the point in a lawsuit against a number of federal officials, but the case was dismissed. The dismissal was summarily affirmed "per curiam" by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, ending the case.


Federalist No. 55

The Federalist No. 55 is an essay by James Madison. It is the fifty-fifth of a collection called the Federalist Papers. It was published on February 13, 1788 under the pseudonym Publius, the name under which all The Federalist Papers were published. In this paper, Madison examines the size of the United States House of Representatives. It is titled, "The Total Number of the House of Representatives."

The paper discusses critics' objections to the relatively small size of the House of Representatives (sixty-five members). Madison notes that the size of the House will increase as population increases. In addition, he states that the small size does not put the public liberty in danger because of the checks and balances relationship the House of Representatives has with the state legislatures, as well as the fact every member is voted in by the people every two years.

<br>

IC 10

IC 10 is an irregular galaxy in the constellation Cassiopeia. 

It was discovered in 1887. Edwin Hubble suspected it might belong to the Local Group of galaxies, but this was uncertain for decades. The radial velocity of IC 10 was measured in 1962. It is approaching the Milky Way at about 350 km/s. This strengthened the evidence for its being in the Local Group. Its membership in the group was finally confirmed in 1996 by measurements of its distance by observations of Cepheids. Despite its closeness, the galaxy is rather difficult to study because it lies near the galactic plane of the Milky Way. It is heavily obscured by interstellar matter.

The apparent distance between IC 10 and the Andromeda Galaxy is about the same as the apparent distance between the Andromeda Galaxy and the Triangulum Galaxy, which suggests that IC 10 may belong to the M31 subgroup.

IC 10 is the only known starburst galaxy in the Local Group of galaxies. It has many more Wolf-Rayet stars per square kiloparsec (5.1 stars/kpc²) than the Large Magellanic Cloud (2.0 stars/kpc²) or the Small Magellanic Cloud (0.9 stars/kpc²). Although the galaxy has a luminosity similar to the SMC, it is much smaller. The evolutionary status of the Wolf-Rayet stars suggests they all formed in a relatively short period. The galaxy produces stars at the rate of 0.04–0.08 solar masses per year, which means that the gas supply in the galaxy can last for a few billion years longer.

Observations of IC 10 in the far-infrared show that the dust in this mild starburst galaxy is deficient in small grains. Perhaps small grains were destroyed by strong ultraviolet radiation in the areas around the hot luminous stars.

The galaxy has a huge envelope of hydrogen gas, with an apparent size measuring 68′ × 80′, which is far larger than the apparent size of the galaxy in visible light (5.5′ × 7.0′). IC 10 is also unusual in the respect that the visible part of the galaxy seems to rotate in a different direction than the outer envelope. It has an H II nucleus.

Shinzo Abe

Shinzo Abe (, "Abe Shinzō", ; 21 September 1954 – 8 July 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Japan from 2006 to 2007 and again from 2012 to 2020. Abe had been a member of the House of Representatives from 1996 until his assassination in 2022. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party and was the party's president twice during his time as prime minister. Between 2005 and 2006, he was the Chief Cabinet Secretary in the Junichiro Koizumi government.

He was the 90th Prime Minister of Japan following Junichiro Koizumi in 2006. He was elected at age 52, becoming the youngest post-war prime minister in Japan's history. However, he stepped down on 12 September 2007 after a year. The stated reason to end his term was missing support for Japan's mission in Afghanistan. 

In 2012 he again became party leader and his party went on to win the election in December 2012 by a wide margin. This brought him back to power as Prime Minister. In 2019, he became the longest serving Prime Minister in Japan. His economic policies were known as Abenomics. 

On 28 August 2020, Abe announced his plans to resign as Prime Minister because of his bad health with ulcerative colitis. He was replaced by Yoshihide Suga on 16 September 2020.

He was born in Shinjuku, Tokyo, but his constituency is in Yamaguchi Prefecture. It was inherited from his father Shintaro Abe who was a Foreign Minister. His grandfather was imprisoned and suspected war criminal Nobusuke Kishi who later became Prime Minister. His brother Nobuo Kishi became Minister of Defense in 2020. In 1987, Abe married Akie Abe.

On 8 July 2022, Abe was shot from behind in the neck and chest while he was giving a speech in Nara, Japan. The shooter was Tetsuya Yamagami, a 41-year-old man from Nara. Abe collapsed on stage while bleeding and went into cardiopulmonary arrest. He was quickly hospitalized afterwards with heart failure and had no "vital signs".

At 5:03 pm JST Abe's death was announced. The doctors said that he had died because he had lost too much blood and the bullet had gone in deep enough to enter his heart.

A small private funeral was held on 12 July. A state funeral was held on 27 September at the Nippon Budokan.

This was the first assassination of a former Japanese prime minister since 1936.


The Old Man and the Sea

The Old Man and the Sea is a novella by Ernest Hemingway that was written in 1951 and then published in 1952. It is Hemingway's most famous work, and also his final work to be published while he was alive. Hemingway was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1954 for this work. Hemingway wrote it while he was in the Bahamas. The work tells the story of Santiago, an old Cuban fisherman who catches a giant marlin in the Gulf Stream.

Water tank

A water tank is a container for storing water. The need for water tanks is as old as civilization. Tanks were used to provide storage of water for use in many applications, drinking water, irrigation agriculture, fire suppression, agricultural farming, both for plants and livestock, chemical manufacturing, food preparation as well as many other uses. Water tank parameters include the general design of the tank, and choice of construction materials, linings. Various materials are used for making a water tank: plastics (polyethylene, polypropylene), fiberglass, concrete, stone, steel (welded or bolted, carbon, or stainless). Earthen pots also function as water storages. Water tanks are an efficient way to help developing countries to store clean water. In the 1980s, high density polyethylene rotationally molded water tanks became popular for home water storage. Gardeners, for example, use various types of these tanks to store rain water. A Water tower, usually made of metal, is a type of elevated water tank.

History of the United States Constitution

The history of the United States Constitution is a history of how the government of the United States functions, its rule of law and the rights guaranteed to its citizens. It was signed by the delegates to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia on September 17, 1787. It replaced the Articles of Confederation, that served as new nation's first constitution. The government under the Articles proved to be weak and inefficient. When the convention was called to meet in Philadelphia on May 25, 1787, most of the members were aware a new stronger government was necessary.

The history of the (second) Constitution of the United States begins with the history behind the creation of the Articles of Confederation, the first constitution. The Articles of Confederation were, in effect, a loose confederation that joined together thirteen independent states to mainly deal with foreign policy. For all other purposes they remained sovereign states. The greatest weakness of the Articles of Confederation is that it had no direct connection to the people themselves. It recognized state sovereignty. Each state collected its own taxes, provided its own militia and printed its own currency. A weak Congress was the chief instrument in the new government. There was no executive branch. The recent tyranny suffered under Britain's King George III made the new country's leaders wary of a strong central government. In Congress, each state only had one vote. States with small populations had the same voting rights as states ten times their size. Amending the Articles required a unanimous vote, which was virtually impossible with thirteen states each having their own interests. 

However, the weaknesses became rapidly apparent. Congress could not levy taxes and so could not effectively support any war effort. The central government did not have the ability to negotiate trade agreements with foreign governments. It could not settle quarrels between states. The country could not protect its ships which were being robbed at by pirates. The states themselves were in a near disastrous condition economically. The widespread use of paper money was causing inflation. So much so that in some places a pound of tea could cost $100. Farmers were being thrown in jail because they could not pay their debts. Many farms were being sold off for the unpaid taxes that were owed. 

There was an attempt at reforming the Articles. The Articles Congress received a report on August 7, 1786 from a twelve-member "Grand Committee". They were appointed to develop needed amendments. Seven amendments to the Articles of Confederation were proposed. Under these reforms, Congress would gain "sole and exclusive" power to regulate trade. States could not favor foreigners over citizens. Tax bills would require a 70% vote, public debt 85%, not the 100% currently required. Congress could charge states a late payment penalty fee. A state withholding troops would be charged for them, plus a penalty. If a state did not pay, Congress could collect directly from its cities and counties. There would have been a national court of seven judges. No-shows at Congress would have been banned from any U.S. or state office. These proposals were, however, sent back to committee without a vote and were not taken up again.

Congress had given the delegates the task of amending the Articles of Confederation. But almost immediately they began discussing a completely new form of government. The debates lasted through the summer of 1787 and at times became so heated it threatened to end the convention prematurely. 

Appointed to the convention were 74 delegates—only 55 of which actually attended the sessions. The state of Rhode Island refused to send any delegates. They believed the convention was actually a conspiracy to overthrow the Confederation government. Patrick Henry of Virginia was another who refused to attend declaring he "smelt a rat." In particular he suspected James Madison, also of Virginia, of wanting to create a new form of government. Henry was a firm believer that the states offered the best protections for personal rights and wanted nothing to do with upsetting that arrangement. Thomas Jefferson and John Adams were away on diplomatic missions. John Jay was in New York at the diplomatic office. For various reasons many of the country's major political leaders were not at the convention. But the list of those who did attend was impressive. It included Benjamin Franklin, James Wilson, Alexander Hamilton, George Mason, John Dickinson, Gouverneur Morris and George Washington. Many others also became famous as framers of the Constitution. 

The sessions were held in secret. Reporters and spectators were not allowed. To those who already had suspicions, the secrecy of the proceedings only confirmed what they feared. There were even armed guards at the doors. Many of those present had already risked being hanged by the British as traitors during the revolution. Now they worried about what their states would think of abandoning the Articles of Confederation.

James Madison spent the winter of 1787 making a study of various confederations throughout history. He came to Philadelphia armed with a wealth of knowledge and an idea for what the United States government should be. His plan was presented to the Convention by Edmund Randolph, the Governor of Virginia. It became the broad outline of what would be a new government under the U.S. Constitution. His plan called for three branches of government with checks and balances to prevent any one branch from abusing their power. Madison's idea for a legislature had two houses. One would feature members elected by the people for a three year term. The other would have its members elected by the state legislatures and would serve for 7 years. Both would have the seats determined by the population of the country.

After debating the Virginia plan for two weeks, William Patterson presented his plan called variously, the New Jersey Plan, the Patterson Plan and the Small State Plan. It was very similar to the Articles of Confederation and featured a unicameral (one house) legislature. All states would have one vote. He had one idea that was kept; that state laws that ran counter to federal laws would be voided.

A third plan was offered by Alexander Hamilton. It was a copy of the British Constitution. It also was bicameral with an upper house and a legislature in which members served on their good behavior.
Finally they worked out a compromise between all three plans. The new government would have an upper house, having an equal number of delegates from each state, and a lower house with representation based on population. The executive branch would have most of the responsibilities of foreign affairs while other important powers, like ratifying treaties, would be the responsibility of the legislative branch. After the new Constitution was ratified by the states, it went into effect in 1789.


Twenty-sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution (Amendment XXVI) lowered the minimum voting age in the United States from 21 to 18.

The United States Congress approved the amendment on March 23, 1971, and sent it to the states to be ratified. Within three months and eight days, the states had ratified the amendment, and it became part of the Constitution. This was the quickest amendment to be ratified in United States history.

Lowering the minimum voting age was not a new idea. In the United States, some people started trying to get the voting age lowered during World War II. During the war, President Franklin D. Roosevelt lowered the military draft age to 18. This meant that men as young as 18 could be forced to join the military. To many people, it did not seem fair that the government thought these young men were old enough to fight a world war, but not old enough to vote in the country they were fighting for. "Old enough to fight, old enough to vote" became a common slogan.

United States Senator Harley Kilgore had begun supporting a lowered voting age in 1941. Many other Senators, Representatives, and the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, supported the idea. However, Congress never made any changes.

Kilgore's ideas did interest some of the states. In 1943, the Georgia state legislature passed a law lowering the voting age in the state to 18; in 1955, Kentucky did the same thing.

In his State of the Union address in 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower became the first president to say publicly that he supported letting people ages 18 and older vote.

In 1963, the President's Commission on Registration and Voting Participation made a report to President Lyndon B. Johnson. The report encouraged Johnson to lower the voting age.

During the 1960s, many Americans pushed both Congress and the state legislatures to lower the minimum voting age from 21 to 18. This was mostly because of to the Vietnam War. As the war went on, more and more people started to protest the war and become active. During that war, many young men were drafted and sent to fight in the war before they were old enough to vote. This meant they had no way to influence the people sending them off to risk their lives. Protesters started to use the slogan "Old enough to fight, old enough to vote" again.

Supporters also argued that the law treated eighteen-year-olds as adults in many other ways. For example, they had to pay income taxes. Supporters argued that this was "taxation without representation" meaning that 18- to 20-year-olds had to pay taxes, but had no say in what those taxes were or what they were spent on, because they could not vote.

In 1967, United States Representative William St. Onge pointed out: ""To tax our 18-, 19-, and 20-year-olds without giving them the right to vote ignores the great rallying cry of our War of Independence that there [should] be 'no taxation without representation.'"

Similarly, in 1970, in a committee that was debating a possible Constitutional amendment to lower the voting age, Representative Thomas Railsback said: ""Our laws tax these 18-year-olds but our voting laws do not permit them representation in enacting that tax law. The Boston Tea Party was supposed to have been the spark that put that issue to rest in this country."

Not everybody supported lowering the minimum voting age. Opponents to giving younger people the vote had several arguments. Many argued that teenagers were not mature or responsible enough to vote.

Other people argued that teenagers did not know enough to have the right to vote. One historian writes:
Others criticized the "old enough to fight, old enough to vote" argument. For example, in 1953, the popular magazine "Collier's Weekly" said this argument "doesn't justify giving young ladies of eighteen the right to franchise [vote]." They added: "If a man if old enough to vote when he's old enough to fight, then logically the man who is too old to fight out to lose the right to vote."

Another example comes from an editorial written by the "New York Times" in 1967. The paper wrote: "The requirements for a good soldier and for a good voter are not the same. For the soldier, youthful enthusiasm and physical endurance are [of most] importance; for the voter, maturity of judgment far outweighs other qualifications."

Finally, some people thought lowering the voting age was not that important for the country, and that it should be left up to each individual state.

In 1970, United States Senators Ted Kennedy and Mike Mansfield suggested changing the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to lower the voting age in the United States.

The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment says that the government has to give every person "the equal protection of its laws." People who supported the addition to the Voting Rights Act of 1965, like Ted Kennedy, said that by not allowing 18- to 20-year-olds to vote, the government not treating them equally by not letting them vote.

President Nixon disagreed with Kennedy. He was not against lowering the voting age. However, he did not agree with Kennedy's legal argument. He also worried that if the Supreme Court thought the new Voting Rights Act was unconstitutional, they could overturn it  cancel the entire law. Nixon thought this could cause a lot of damage to the country.

However, on June 22, 1970, President Richard Nixon signed an extension (an addition) to the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The change required the voting age to be 18 in all federal, state, and local elections. After signing the change, Nixon said:

After Nixon signed this change, about 17 states refused to change their minimum voting ages to 18.

After Nixon signed the change to the Voting Rights Act, Oregon and Texas challenged the law in court. The case, "Oregon v. Mitchell," made it to the Supreme Court in October 1970. This was just four months after Nixon signed the change. By this time, four states had lowered their minimum voting ages: Georgia, Kentucky, Alaska, and Hawaii.

In "Oregon v. Mitchell", the Supreme Court looked at whether the voting age changes that Congress added to the Voting Rights Act were constitutional. This means they looked at whether the changes agreed with the rules in the Constitution, or broke them. The judges on the Supreme Court strongly disagreed with each other in this case. Eventually, five out of the nine judges agreed on a decision - just enough to reach the majority needed for a decision. However, most of the judges did not agree on which legal reason was behind their decision.

The Court ruled that Congress could set a voting age for federal elections, but not state or local elections. This meant that for state and local elections, states could keep the voting age at 21 if they wanted to. However, they would have to keep two different voting registers (lists of people who had signed up to vote): one for federal elections, which would include people as young as 18, and another for state and local elections, which would only include people over age 20.

After the Supreme Court's decision, both Congress and the states wanted to find a way to lower the minimum voting age throughout the country. Congress decided to propose a Constitutional amendment that would set the minimum voting age at 18 everywhere in the country. This would be different than the change to the Voting Rights Act in a few ways.

First of all, the states did not want to deal with the cost and difficulty of having to keep two different voting registers, so they supported the idea of a Constitutional amendment. Also, when they changed the Voting Rights Act, Congress had made a law about state and local elections without the states having any say. However, for an amendment to be added to the Constitution, two-thirds of both Houses of Congress, and then three-fourths of the state legislatures, have to agree on it. (These rules are set out in Article Five of the Constitution.) An amendment would be something that both Congress "and" the states agreed on. Congress would not be over-using its power and breaking the Constitution by making laws for the states.

Opinion polls said that most Americans wanted the Twenty-sixth Amendment to pass. Younger people were most likely to support the Amendment. However, even in people over age 50, over half of Americans supported the Amendment. Even the "New York Times" changed its official opinion and supported the Amendment.

On March 10, 1971, the United States Senate voted 94–0 in support of proposing an amendment that would lower the minimum voting age to 18 everywhere in the country. On March 23, the United States House of Representatives voted 401–19 for the amendment. Congress sent the amendment to the states.

For the Twenty-sixth Amendment to be added to the Constitution, three-fourths of the state legislatures (38 out of the 50) would have to ratify the Amendment. It took just three months for 38 states to ratify the Amendment. After the Amendment was added to the Constitution, another five states ratified it. Seven states never did.

The states ratified the Amendment in this order:

On July 5, 1971, President Richard Nixon held a ceremony at the White House, where he signed the Twenty-sixth Amendment just to show his support. (The President does not have to sign an amendment in order for it to be added to the Constitution.) During the signing ceremony, he talked about his confidence in the United States' young people:

Tray Walker

Tray Walker (August 5, 1992 – March 18, 2016) was an American football cornerback. He played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas Southern, and was drafted by the Ravens in the 4th round of the 2015 NFL draft. He was born in Miami, Florida.

Walker died in Miami, Florida when he was dirt biking when his bike was hit by a car. He died the next day on March 18, 2016 from his injuries. He was aged 23.

Lothar Späth

Lothar Späth (16 November 1937 – 18 March 2016) was a German politician of the CDU.

From 30 August 1978 to 13 January 1991, Späth was the 5th Minister President of Baden-Württemberg and chairman of the CDU Baden-Württemberg. He served as the 36th President of the Bundesrat in the 1980s.

Separation process

A separation process is a method used in science to separate two substances, that once formed a mixture. The type of separation process used depend on the mixture's properties and components. Here are examples of separation techniques: distilliation, evaporation, chromatography, filtration, fractional distillation and magnetism. The end product of the separation process is one or more pure compounds.

Les Tanyuk

Leonid (Les) Stepanovych Tanyuk (, August 7, 1938 – March 18, 2016) was a Ukrainian theatre and movie director. He was a dissident and the head of the Club of Creative Youth. After 1991's Ukrainian independence Tanyuk became a multiple re-elected member of the Ukrainian parliament.

Tanyuk died on March 18, 2016 in Kiev, Ukraine from stomach cancer at the age of 77.

Jan Němec

Jan Němec (12 July 1936 – 18 March 2016) was a Czech movie director and screenwriter. His important work dates from the 1960s. Movie historian Peter Hames has called him as the "enfant terrible of the Czech New Wave." He was known for directing the 1966 movie "A Report on the Party and the Guests".


Argentine real

The real was the former currency of Argentina. It was in circulation from 1813 to 1881 and was also the country's first currency used. During its period, the "sol" was also used and its value was equal to that of the real. The peso was worth 8 reales and the escudo was worth 16 reales.

2012 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The 2012 Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses is how voters of the Democratic Party chose the candidate for United States presidential election, 2012. The incumbent president, Barack Obama, won the primaries and caucuses after winning 88.87% of the popular vote, and all of the states and territories. No other candidates could challenge Obama.

Barack Obama was the only candidate who was on the ballot in all 50 states.


Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution (Amendment XXVII) has to do with the salaries paid to members of the United States Congress. 

Congress is made of two "Houses," and the members of each House serve different terms (amounts of time in office). Members of the United States Senate serve six-year terms, and members of the United States House of Representatives serve two years each. The Twenty-seventh Amendment says that no law can change Congresspeople's salaries until a new two-year term for Representatives starts.

As of 2024, the Twenty-seventh amendment is the last amendment that has been added to the Constitution. It took longer for the states to ratify this amendment than any other in history. The 1st United States Congress sent the suggested amendment to the states for their approval on September 25, 1789. It was not until May 7, 1992, that enough states ratified the amendment for it to be added to the Constitution. The ratification process had taken 202 years, 7 months, and 12 days the longest in United States history.

When Congress first proposed the amendment in 1789, this is the text they suggested:

On September 25, 1789, the first United States Congress gave a group of 12 amendments to the states for their approval. Written by James Madison, these were the first 12 Constitutional amendments ever written. One of them was an amendment about salaries for Members of Congress. Madison wanted to protect against Congresspeople being able to give themselves raises whenever they wanted to, while they were in the middle of their terms and the people could not vote them out.

In 1791, the states ratified ten of the 12 suggested amendments. These ten amendments became the Bill of Rights. However, the states did not ratify the other two amendments out of the 12 including the one on limiting pay for Congresspeople.

James Madison first proposed this amendment in the United States House of Representatives on June 8, 1789. On August 24, 1789, the House passed the suggested amendment and sixteen others. The proposals went next to the United States Senate, which made 26 different changes to the House's suggested amendments. After taking out some parts of the House amendments, and combining others, the Senate approved a package of twelve suggested amendments on September 9, 1789.

Now a committee of House and Senate members had to meet to figure out a compromise and come up with amendments that they could all agree on. After three days, they had come up with 12 suggested amendments, which they brought back to the full House and Senate. That same day September 24, 1789 the House agreed on the 12 proposed amendments. The next day, the Senate agreed too. The 12 amendments included the one on Congressional pay.

Congress sent the package of 12 amendments to the states on September 25, 1789. For these amendments to be added to the Constitution, three-fourths of the state legislatures would have to ratify (approve) the amendments. At the time, there were only 11 states (North Carolina and Rhode Island had not ratified the Constitution yet). This meant just nine states would have to approve the amendments to add them to the Constitution.

On December 15, 1791, the states ratified ten of the twelve suggested amendments. These got added to the Constitution together as the Bill of Rights. However, at this time, only six states had ratified the Congressional pay amendment. 

Over the next 186 years, only two more states ratified the Amendment. Meanwhile, many more states joined the United States. This meant that a larger number of states would need to ratify the amendment to get it added to the Constitution, since three-fourths of the state legislatures needed to ratify it, and there were more and more states as time went on.

The states ratified the Amendment in this order:

Hide

Hide or hides may refer to:


From Russia with Love

From Russia with Love is the second James Bond movie made by Eon Productions. It is also the second to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Released in 1963, the film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman. It was directed by Terence Young. From Russia with Love is based on the 1957 novel of the same name written by Ian Fleming. In the movie, James Bond is sent to assist in the defection of Soviet consulate clerk Tatiana Romanova in Turkey, where SPECTRE plans to avenge Bond's killing of Dr. No. Rotten Tomatoes gave the move a 96% rating.



Vajiralongkorn

Maha Vajiralongkorn (born 28 July 1952) became the King of Thailand on October 13, 2016. He is the only son of former King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Queen Sirikit. In 1972, the king gave him the title "His Royal Highness Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn" . The title made him the third Crown Prince of Thailand and heir apparent to the throne. Vajiralongkorn was also a marshal in the Thai military.

After his father's death on 13 October 2016, he succeeded to the throne of Thailand, with a delay, saying he needed "time to prepare before being proclaimed as the new king". He accepted the throne on December 1, 2016. The coronation was held in May 2019.

At aged 64, Vajiralongkorn became the oldest Thai monarch to ascend to the throne.

He is the wealthiest monarch in the world, with a net worth said to be between and .

Vajiralongkorn has been married and divorced three times. He has three daughters and five sons. His four eldest sons were born before he married their mother. They are not able to succeed as king, because their titles have been removed. Dipangkorn Rasmijoti, born in 2005, is heir presumptive.

On 1 May 2019, three days before his coronation, Vajiralongkorn married Suthida Tidjai, former acting commander of Royal Thai Aide-de-Camp Department.



On Her Majesty's Secret Service

On Her Majesty's Secret Service is a James Bond movie. It was released in 1969. It stars George Lazenby as Bond. It also stars Diana Rigg and Telly Savalas. It is the sixth movie in the James Bond series. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. Louis Armstrong sings the song of the movie.


Anti

Anti may refer to:



Lyubka Rondova

Lyubka Vasileva Rondova, Ljubka Rondova or Lubka Rondova () (24 September 1936 – 15 March 2016) was a Bulgarian folk singer. She best known for performing and recording many of the traditional song from Macedonia as a folklore region. She was born in Sidirochori, Greece to Bulgarian parents. She was awarded the highest Bulgarian order Stara planina, First Degree in 2002.

Rondova died in Sofia, Bulgaria at the age of 79.


Robert H. Michel

Robert Henry "Bob" Michel (pronounced "Michael"; March 2, 1923 – February 17, 2017) was an American Republican Party politician.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for 38 years. He represented central Illinois' 18th congressional district, and was the GOP leader in Congress during the Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton presidencies from 1981 through 1995. He as Minority Leader from 1981 through 1995. He was also Minority Whip for 6 years from 1975 through 1981.

Michel was born and raised in Peoria, Illinois. He studied in Bradley University. Michel died on February 17, 2017 in Arlington, Virginia from pneumonia, aged 93.


Joe Santos

Joe Santos (born Joseph John Minieri, Jr.; June 9, 1931 – March 18, 2016) was an American movie and television actor. He was born in The Bronx, New York. He played Sergeant Dennis Becker in "The Rockford Files", and Lt. Frank Harper in the TV series "Hardcastle and McCormick". He appeared on "The Sopranos" as Angelo Garepe in seven 2004 episodes.

Santos suffered a heart attack on March 14, 2016, according to his son. He died four days later in Santa Monica, California at the age of 84.

José Artetxe

José Luis Artetxe Muguire (26 June 1930 – 19 March 2016) was a Spanish footballer who played as a striker. He was born in Algorta, Spain. His career began in 1947.

Artetxe played for Getxo from 1949 through 1950, for Athletic Bilbao from 1950 through 1965 and for Spain national football team in 1953 and again from 1954 through 1959. He retired in the 1960s.

Artetxe earned six caps for Spain, during five years. His debut came on 17 March 1954 in a 2–2 draw against Turkey for the 1954 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. He scored the game's first goal in Rome.

Artetxe died in Bilbao, Spain from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 85.


Titles of Nobility Amendment

The Titles of Nobility Amendment is a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution. It was approved by the 11th Congress on May 1, 1810, and submitted to the state legislatures for ratification. It would strip United States citizenship from any citizen who accepted a title of nobility from a foreign country. On two occasions between 1812 and 1816, it only needed ratifying by two states to become a valid part of the Constitution. Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, so the amendment is still pending before the states. Now, since the number of states has increased, ratification by an additional 26 states would be needed for this amendment to be adopted.

This proposed amendment would amplify both , which prohibits the federal government from issuing titles of nobility or honor, and , which prohibits the states from issuing them.

There is speculation that the Congress proposed the amendment in response to the 1803 marriage of Napoleon Bonaparte's younger brother, Jerome, and Betsy Patterson of Baltimore, Maryland. She gave birth to a son for whom she wanted aristocratic recognition from France. The child, named Jérôme Napoleon Bonaparte, was not born in the United States, but in Great Britain on July 7, 1805. Nevertheless, he would have held U.S. citizenship through his mother. In turn, his son, Charles Joseph Bonaparte, was born in 1851 and died 1921. He graduated from Harvard Law School, and became Secretary of the Navy and then, in the Theodore Roosevelt Administration, Attorney-General – and created the FBI. Another theory is that his mother actually desired a title of nobility for herself. She is referred to as the "Duchess of Baltimore" in many texts written about the amendment. The marriage had been annulled in 1805. This was well before the amendment's proposal by the 11th Congress. Nonetheless, Representative Nathaniel Macon of North Carolina is recorded to have said that "he considered the vote on this question as deciding whether or not we were to have members of the Legion of Honor in this country."


1st United States Congress

The First United States Congress, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, met from March 4, 1789, to March 4, 1791. This was during the first two years of George Washington's presidency. Congress met first at Federal Hall in New York City and later at Congress Hall in Philadelphia. With the initial meeting of the First Congress, the United States federal government officially began operations under the new (and current) frame of government established by the 1787 Constitution. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of of the Constitution. Both chambers had a Pro-Administration majority. Twelve articles of amendment to the Constitution were passed by this Congress and sent to the states for ratification. The ten ratified as additions to the Constitution on December 15, 1791 are collectively known as the Bill of Rights (Amendments one through ten).


Held March 4, 1789, through September 29, 1789, at Federal Hall in New York City

Held January 4, 1790, through August 12, 1790, at Federal Hall in New York City

Held December 6, 1790, through March 3, 1791, at Congress Hall in Philadelphia



There were no political parties in this Congress. Members are informally grouped into factions of similar interest, based on an analysis of their voting record.

Details on changes are shown below in the "Changes in membership" section.

During this congress, two Senate seats were added for North Carolina and Rhode Island when each ratified the Constitution.

During this congress, five House seats were added for North Carolina and one House seat was added for Rhode Island when they ratified the Constitution.




Grand-Bassam shootings

On 13 March 2016, three gunmen opened fire at a beach on Grand-Bassam, Ivory Coast. They attacked the Étoile du Sud hotel which was occupied at the time. 19 people were killed. Thirty-three people were injured.

It had been the third attack on a tourism resort in West Africa for four months.

The attack started when three armed assailants attacked the Étoile du Sud hotel. Agence France-Presse writes that it was occupied by numerous expatriates at the time. According to officials, 15 civilians and three special forces soldiers were killed. The attackers were described as Africans. The had grenade belts and Kalashnikov rifles. They were dressed in casual clothes and balaclavas. 

A shootout started between the attackers and police when the assailants reached the La Paillote Hotel. Army personnel evacuated local residents and tourists from the beach to nearby hotels. The hotels were placed on lockdown by that time.

Government officials as said that security forces had killed six armed men. The terrorists shouted "Allahu Akbar". 

An American embassy delegation was at Grand-Bassam on the date of the attack. But the US Embassy in Abidjan said on Twitter that there is "no evidence that U.S. citizens were targeted". French authorities had warned Ivory Coast and Senegal weeks earlier of the danger of a terrorist attack.

Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) and al-Mourabitoun claimed responsibility for the attack. AQIM released the names of the attackers: Hamza al-Fulani and Abu Adam al-Ansari from al-Mourabitoun and Abderrahmane al-Fulani from the "Emirate of the Desert" on 17 March.



