Keith Lyons

Keith Lyons (7 May 1952 – 13 May 2020) was a Welsh-born Australian educator and sports scientist. His works were analysis of performance in sport. He was the author of the first book on the use of video in sport. He was born in Buckley, Wales.

Lyons founded the Centre for Notational Analysis at the Cardiff Institute of Higher Education in 1992. He moved to Australia in 2002 to take up a position as the founding Coordinator of Performance Analysis at the Australian Institute of Sport. He was the founding Director of the Institute of Sport Studies at the University of Canberra in 2009. 

Lyons died on 13 May 2020 in Braidwood, New South Wales at the age of 68.

Buckley

Buckley ( ) is a town and community in Flintshire, north-east Wales, from the county town of Mold.

Buckley is the second largest town in Flintshire in terms of population. At the 2011 Census, its community had a population of 15,665. When the contiguous Argoed community is included, Buckley has a population of 21,502.

Anisuzzaman

Anisuzzaman (18 February 1937 – 14 May 2020) was a Bangladeshi academic of Bengali literature. He was born in Calcutta, Bengal Presidency, British India.

He was an activist who took part in the Language Movement (1952). He was a member of the Planning Commission to the Government of Bangladesh during the Bangladesh liberation war and a member of the National Education Commission. 

He was made a National Professor by the Government of Bangladesh in 2018.

Anisuzzaman died on 14 May 2020 in Dhaka of kidney and heart disease, aged 

Jerzy Łapiński

Jerzy Łapiński (born Jerzy Gaździński; 2 November 1940 – 14 May 2020) was a Polish actor. He was born in Lublin, Poland. His career began in 1960. He was known for voice dubbing Cornelius Fudge in the "Harry Potter" movies in Polish and as Poodle in the 2000 comedy movie "A Very Christmas Story".

Łapiński died on 14 May 2020, aged 79.

Prime Minister of Lebanon

The Prime Minister of Lebanon, officially the President of the Council of Ministers, is the head of government and the head of the Council of Ministers of Lebanon. The Prime Minister is appointed (and removed) by the President of Lebanon.

Najib Mikati

Najib Azmi Mikati (; born 24 November 1955) is a Lebanese politician. In 2021, he became the Prime Minister of Lebanon. He was the prime minister before twice, from April 2005 to July 2005 and again from 2011 to 2014. 

Hassan Diab

Hassan Diab (; born 6 January 1959) is a Lebanese politician, engineer, and academic. He has been the Prime Minister of Lebanon since 21 January 2020. He was the Minister of Education from 2011 to 2014, under President Michel Suleiman.

On 10 August 2020, Diab announced his resignation along with his government due to the Lebanese government's failure to prevent the 2020 Beirut explosions. He left office on 10 September 2021 when Najib Mikati was picked as his replacement. 

President of Lebanon

The president of the Lebanese Republic is the head of state of Lebanon. The president is elected by the parliament for a term of six years, which is not renewable.

Amine Gemayel

Amine Pierre Gemayel (; born 22 January 1942) is a Lebanese politician. He was the President of Lebanon from 1982 to 1988 and was the leader of Kataeb Party. 

President of Zambia

The president of Zambia is the head of state and the head of government of Zambia. The office was first held by Kenneth Kaunda following independence in 1964. 

Since 31 August 1991 the president is also the head of government, as the position of Prime Minister was abolished in the last months of Kaunda's presidential term.
The president is elected for a term of five years.

List of presidents of São Tomé and Príncipe

The following is a list of presidents of São Tomé and Príncipe, since the establishment of the office of president in 1975.


Leonel Mário d'Alva

Leonel Mário d'Alva (born 1935) is a São Toméan politician. He was Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe from 21 December 1974 until 12 July 1975, when the country gained independence from Portugal.

Miguel Trovoada

Miguel dos Anjos da Cunha Lisboa Trovoada (born December 27, 1937) was Prime Minister (1975–1979) and President (1991–2001) of São Tomé and Príncipe.

Manuel Quintas de Almeida

Manuel Quintas de Almeida (1957 – 26 December 2006) was a lieutenant in the military of São Tomé and Príncipe. He led a coup against the democratically elected government of President Miguel Trovoada on 15 August 1995.

He died on 26 December 2006, aged 52.

Fradique de Menezes

Fradique Bandeira Melo de Menezes (born March 21, 1942) was the President of São Tomé and Príncipe from 2001 to 2011.


Fernando Pereira (major)

Fernando "Cobo" Pereira is a major in the military of São Tomé and Príncipe.

He led a coup against the elected government of Fradique de Menezes on July 16, 2003. He gave up power a week later as part of an agreement.

Evaristo Carvalho

Evaristo do Espírito Santo Carvalho (22 October 1941 – 28 May 2022) was a São Toméan politician. He was the President of São Tomé and Príncipe from 3 September 2016 to 2 October 2021. He was the Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe from 7 July 1994 to 25 October 1994 and again from 26 September 2001 to 28 March 2002. He was a member of the Independent Democratic Action (ADI) party.

Carvalho died from a short-illness on 28 May 2022 in Lisbon, Portugal at the age of 80.

List of prime ministers of São Tomé and Príncipe

The following is a list of prime ministers of São Tomé and Príncipe, since the creation of the office of Prime Minister of Portuguese São Tomé and Príncipe in 1974.


Decap Attack

Decap Attack is a 1991 platform side-scrolling game developed for the Sega Genesis. It focuses upon the main protagonist Chuck D. Head who is a demented mummy. His mission is to defeat the evil demon named Max D. Cap who came from the underworld with his army to invade the world. The stages are set as body parts that make up a human skeleton from Abdomainland, El Beau Island, Tibuland, Armington, Pumpington, The Last Leg, and Eyeland. As soon as Chuck D. Head completes his mission he is congratulated by scientist Frank N. Stein and transformed Chuck into a human boy as a reward.

Jorge Bom Jesus

Jorge Lopes Bom Jesus (born 26 July 1962), also known as JBJ, is a politician from São Tomé. He became the 17th Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe on 3 December 2018. He is a member of the Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe/Social Democratic Party (MLSTP-PSD).

Wilfred Jacobs

Sir Wilfred Ebenezer Jacobs (19 October 1919 – 11 March 1995) was the first Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda.

He appointed Attorney General of the Leeward Islands for 1957 to 1959 and for Antigua in 1960. From 1960 to 1967 he was in a number of Colonial offices.

He was made Governor of Antigua and Barbuda from 1967 until that country gained independence in 1981, after which he became the first governor-general. He was Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda from 1 November 1981 to 10 June 1991. He was replaced by James Carlisle.

James Carlisle

Sir James Beethoven Carlisle, GCMG (born August 5, 1937) is a dentist. He was the former Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda. His term ended in June 2007, after 16 years in office.

Rodney Williams

Sir Rodney Errey Lawrence Williams, KGN, (born 2 November 1947) is an Antiguan politician. He became 4th Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda on 14 August 2014.

Rodney was knighted as a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) by Queen Elizabeth II on 17 October 2014. and fought in the spanish barbudan wars

Vere Bird

Sir Vere Cornwall Bird Sr., KNH (9 December 1910 – 28 June 1999) was the first Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda. His son, Lester Bryant Bird, replaced him as Prime Minister. 

In 1994, he was made a Knight of the Order of the National Hero (KNH) by his native country Antigua and Barbuda.

George Walter

Sir George Herbert Walter, KNH (8 September 1928 – 4 March 2008) was an Antiguan politician of the Progressive Labour Movement and Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda from 14 February 1971 to 1 February 1976.

In 2008, he was posthumously made a Knight of the Order of the National Hero (KNH) by his native country Antigua and Barbuda to become the country's fifth national hero.

Gaston Browne

Gaston Alfonso Browne (born 9 February 1967) is an Antiguan businessman and politician. In June 2014, he was made prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda.

Pakalitha Mosisili

Bethuel Pakalitha Mosisili (born 14 March 1945) is a former Mosotho politician. He retired in January 2019. He was the Prime Minister of Lesotho from May 1998 to June 2012 and again from March 2015 to June 2017. He led the Lesotho Congress for Democracy (LCD).

Moshoeshoe II of Lesotho

Moshoeshoe II (2 May 1938 – 15 January 1996), previously known as Constantine Bereng Seeiso, was the paramount chief of Lesotho. He was king of Lesotho from 1966 until his exile in 1990, and from 1995 until his death in 1996.

Letsie III

Letsie III (born David Mohato Bereng Seeiso; 17 July 1963) is the King of Lesotho. He replaced his father, Moshoeshoe II, when he was forced into exile in 1990. 

His father was briefly restored in 1995 but soon died in a car crash in early 1996, and Letsie became king again. 

As a constitutional monarch, most of King Letsie's duties as monarch of Lesotho are ceremonial. 

In 2000, he declared HIV/AIDS in Lesotho a natural disaster, causing national and international response to the epidemic.

COVID-19 pandemic in Cape Verde

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Cape Verde in March 2020.

On 20 March, the first case of COVID-19 in the country was confirmed, being a 62 year old foreigner from the United Kingdom.

Since 16 March tests are being made in Cape Verde rather than abroad, by the Laboratório de Virologia de Cabo Verde, in Praia.

On 17 March, as a contingency measure, Prime Minister José Ulisses Correia e Silva announced the suspension of all incoming flights from the US, Brazil, Senegal, Nigeria, Portugal, and all European countries affected by the coronavirus.

COVID-19 pandemic in Mali

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Mali in March 2020.

On 25 March, Mali confirmed its first two COVID-19 cases.

On 27 March, 7 new positive tests for Coronavirus: Mali rose to 11 cases. 

On 28 March, seven new cases confirmed, the total rose to 18.

On 31 March, 25 cases tested positive and 2 deaths. According to health authorities.

On 18 March, President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita suspended flights from affected countries, closed schools and banned large public gatherings. However planned elections in March–April, which had already been postponed several times for the poor security situation in the country, will still go ahead as planned.

COVID-19 pandemic in Barbados

The COVID-19 pandemic in Barbados is part of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019. 

The pandemic was confirmed to have reached Barbados on 17 March 2020 with the announcement of the first two cases, and at its current peak on 12 April there were 56 active cases. 

The government declared a public health emergency until 30 June 2020, and an overnight curfew from 8:00 pm to 5:00 am until 17 May 2020. Many businesses are closed and many of the businesses that were allowed to open were subject to a surname-based schedule.

COVID-19 pandemic in Kenya

The COVID-19 pandemic reached Kenya in March 2020 with the initial cases reported in the capital city Nairobi and in the coastal area Mombasa county.

On 13 March, the first case in Kenya, a 27-year-old Kenyan woman who traveled from the US via London, was confirmed.

On April 1, Kenya's coronavirus cases rose by 22, bringing the total to 81 confirmed cases to date. Additionally, the Kenyan government confirmed that the first and third reported cases had both full recovered from the virus, bringing the total number of recoveries nationally to three.

As of April 15, 2020, the Kenyan Ministry of Health reported 9 new cases increasing the total number of cases to 225, 12 new recoveries thus increasing the number of total recoveries to 53. The Ministry also reported 1 new fatality, increasing the total number of fatalities to 10.

2366 people had been tested as of April 15, 2020, 1911 people had been released after testing negative.

COVID-19 pandemic in Antigua and Barbuda

The COVID-19 pandemic in Antigua and Barbuda is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached Antigua and Barbuda in March 2020.

On 13 March 2020, Prime Minister Gaston Browne announced Antigua and Barbuda's first confirmed COVID-19 case.

Browne said the patient started presenting symptoms on March 11.

On 7 January 2021, Barbuda council reported the first positive case on Barbuda island.

COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Kitts and Nevis

The COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Kitts and Nevis is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached Saint Kitts and Nevis on 24 March 2020.

On 24 March 2020. A 21-year-old male and a 57-year-old female that arrived in the federation from New York City became the first two confirmed cases of COVID-19. Both are nationals of St Kitts and Nevis.

On 31 March 2020, full lockdown went into effect. From 19:00 31 March until 06:00 3 April there is a 24-hour curfew. The lockdown was later extended to 07:00 9 April, and further extended to 18 April with two days of partial lockdown in order to buy essential goods. The lockdown was once again extended to 25 April.

On 3 May 2020, it was reported that 2,000 people will have received benefits from the COVID-19 Emergency Relief Fund. People who did not qualify in April will still benefit.

Owen Arthur

Owen Seymour Arthur, PC (17 October 1949 – 27 July 2020) was a Barbadian politician. He was Prime Minister of Barbados from 6 September 1994 to 20 January 1999; 20 January 1999 to 21 May 2003; and from 21 May 2003 to 15 January 2008. 

Arthur died on 27 July 2020 from heart disease-related problems at a hospital in Bridgetown, aged 70.

Sandra Mason

Dame Sandra Prunella Mason, (born 17 January 1949) is a Barbadian politician, lawyer and diplomat. She was the eighth and last Governor-General of Barbados and has been the 1st and current President of Barbados since 2021. 

Sandra Mason was born on 17 January 1949 in Saint Philip, Barbados. 

In 1975, she obtained a Legal Education Certificate from Hugh Wooding Law School in Trinidad and Tobago. She was admitted to the bar on 10 November the same year, becoming the first female member of the Barbados Bar Association. 

From 1992 to 1994, Sandra Mason was the ambassador of Barbados to Venezuela, Chile, Colombia and Brazil. In 1994, she returned to Barbados and served in several judicial positions.

In January 2018, she was appointed as the Governor-General of Barbados, the representative of the monarch of Barbados. 

In 2020, Sandra Mason announced Prime Minister Mia Mottley's decision for Barbados to become a republic.

In October 2021, she was elected the 1st President of Barbados and she took her oath of office on 30 November 2021 when the monarchy was officially abolished.

Ralph McGehee

Ralph Walter McGehee (April 9, 1928 – May 2, 2020) was an American intelligence official. He worked for 25 years in American intelligence, being a former case officer of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). From 1953 to 1972, his assignments were in East Asia and Southeast Asia. After leaving the CIA, he published books and became a critic of the agency. McGehee was born in Moline, Illinois.

McGehee died on May 2, 2020 of COVID-19 in Falmouth, Maine at the age of 92.

COVID-19 pandemic in Jordan

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to Jordan on 2 March 2020, when the Ministry of Health confirmed the first case in the kingdom. As of May 2, Jordan had 460 confirmed cases, with 367 recovered and 9 deaths.

On 2 March, the Prime Ministry of Jordan reported the first case of coronavirus in Jordan. The Jordanian had returned from Italy two weeks prior, before quarantine procedures for Jordanians returning from Italy had been put in place.

On 22 March, there were 13 additional cases confirmed, one of the cases was for a 19-year-old man who came from Britain, and 5 more cases from Irbid's wedding, and 6 cases for people who were in close contact with a nurse who was infected, including an 83-year-old woman who was in mild to moderate condition, and one of unknown origin, bringing the total of the cases to 112.

On 28 March, the first death resulting from COVID-19 was confirmed in the kingdom. An 83-year-old woman who was admitted to a private hospital suffering from many illnesses along with blood poisoning. Later in the evening, the total confirmed cases rose to 246 after 11 new cases were confirmed. Of those 11, 5 cases came from Irbid, 1 individual who was in close contact with an infected person, 1 woman who was in close contact with her infected daughter that was visiting from Norway, 3 cases from those already quarantined in hotels (2 of which came from the UK and 1 came from Baghdad, and the final remaining case was of unknown origin/cause. 

The health Minister announced that there were 3 cases in serious conditions.

On 8 May, 8 new cases were confirmed until noon. These are also linked to the recent discovery of an infected driver a couple of days before in Mafraq. 4 of these cases were reported in Ramtha.

COVID-19 pandemic in Grenada

The COVID-19 pandemic in Grenada is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached Grenada on March 22, 2020. Despite lockdowns and social distancing protocols, it appeared to have reached the level of community spread within one month.

On 22 March, the country's first case ("Patient Zero") was announced, a 50-year-old female patient who returned from the United Kingdom on March 16 and became sick on March 17, and was officially diagnosed on March 21.

On 25 March, the government pushed a policy of restricted movement and nightly curfew.

On 1 April, one new case announced—a 58-year-old male who arrived on a flight from New York City on March 19

On 6 April, government renewed curfew/lockdown for another two weeks (through April 20). Tests were now being done at St. George's University.

Rouffiac-d'Aude

Rouffiac-d'Aude is a commune of 441 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It is south of Carcassonne.

COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

The COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in March 2020.

The first confirmed case was discovered on 11 March 2020.

On March 11, 2020, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines confirmed its first case. The passenger had travelled from the United Kingdom. They travelled on British Airways to Barbados and onward to Saint Vincent via LIAT.

On April 1, 2020 St. Vincent and the Grenadines recorded its second confirmed case of COVID-19.

Roullens

Roullens is a commune of 465 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Dominican Republic

The COVID-19 pandemic in the Dominican Republic is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have spread to the Dominican Republic on 1 March 2020.

On 1 March, the first case in the country and the Caribbean was confirmed. A 62-year-old man from Italy entered the country on 22 February and fell ill on 24 February, when he was transferred to Ramón Lara military hospital from the beach resort of Bayahibe. On 6 March, the second case in the country was confirmed as a Canadian tourist (also vacationing in Bayahibe) was detected.

On 14 March, a large wedding in Cap Cana was the COVID-19 infection source for a number of its attendees. The chancellor of the Dominican Republic, Miguel Vargas Maldonado would have contracted the virus from his son, who attended the said wedding and also contracted COVID-19.

The first COVID-19-related death was announced by health authorities on 16 March 2020, of a 47-year old Dominican woman who had recently traveled from Spain.

COVID-19 pandemic in Dominica

The COVID-19 pandemic in Dominica is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached Dominica on 22 March 2020.

On 22 March, the country's first case of COVID-19 was announced, a 54-year-old man who returned from the United Kingdom.

St. Helens, Oregon

St. Helens is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Columbia County.

COVID-19 pandemic in Costa Rica

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Costa Rica on 6 March 2020, after a 49-year-old woman tourist from New York, United States, tested positive for the virus.

As of 13 May 2020, Costa Rica has reported 815 positive cases, 527 recoveries, and 7 deaths. 

One senior citizen, an 87-year-old man, died on 18 March and is the first COVID-19 death in Costa Rica. He was one of 25 people infected by a doctor in Alajuela.

By 30 April, the country had the lowest case fatality rate in the Americas, at about 0.86%. More Costa Ricans have died in the United States than in Costa Rica.

COVID-19 pandemic in Nicaragua

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was shown to have spread to Nicaragua when the first case, a Nicaraguan citizen who had returned to the country from Panama, was confirmed on 18 March 2020.

Ana Emilia Solís, the World Health Organisation's representative in Nicaragua, has stated that since January, when the Nicaraguan Government declared a sanitary alert due to the threat of COVID-19.

Some critics of Daniel Ortega's government claimed the government was downplaying the severity of the virus. 

A large public rally was organized by government supporters to support coronavirus victims in other countries; however, the event was criticized for lack of social distancing. 

Heppner, Oregon

Heppner is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Morrow County.

COVID-19 pandemic in Guatemala

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Guatemala in March 2020.

On 13 March 2020, the first case in Guatemala, a Guatemalan man who traveled from Italy to Guatemala, was confirmed. 

On 13 March 2020, the Guatemalan government extended its travel restrictions to travelers from the US and Canada. Starting on 16 March, no travelers coming from these countries were allowed to enter Guatemala, until March 31.

On 15 March 2020, the Guatemalan government confirmed its second case and the first COVID-19 death in the country, an 85-year-old man who arrived from Madrid with his family nine days earlier.

On April 23, the United Nations Commission on Human Rights called on Mexican and Central American governments to stop deportations during the coronavirus pandemic. 2,500 migrants were stuck in Panama because Honduras had closed its border. Mexico dumped migrants in Guatemala, but Guatemala did not let them in. On April 23 the organization helped 41 migrants return to El Salvador from Mexico.

Rustiques

Rustiques is a commune of 507 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Amans, Aude

Saint-Amans is a commune of 64 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-André-de-Roquelongue

Saint-André-de-Roquelongue is a commune of 1,390 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ronald J. Shurer

Ronald J. Shurer II (December 7, 1978 – May 14, 2020) was a former United States Army Special Forces staff sergeant and medic. He was born in Fairbanks, Alaska. 

He was a senior medical sergeant during the Battle of Shok Valley in April 2008. He and his team were attacked by an enemy force of more than 200 fighters. Shurer fought for more than an hour to reach part of his unit. 

He was initially awarded a Silver Star for this action, but in 2016 The Pentagon upgraded this recognition to a Medal of Honor. He received the medal in a White House ceremony on October 1, 2018. 

Shurer died on May 14, 2020 of lung cancer-related problems at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, aged 41.

Bubble Bobble

Bubble Bobble is the first game in the Bubble Bobble series of games, produced by Taito in 1986, at the start for arcade and later converted to computers and consoles. 

In the game, the player control a dragon that spits bubbles to eliminate the enemies.

The game is centered on the adventure of two dragons, Bub and Bob. The objective is to save the girlfriends of the protagonists, for that the player must face a hundred different stages. They use bubbles for attack the enemies. Each time an enemy is eliminated, a reward is generated that increases the player's score.

Yield to the Night

Yield to the Night (also known as Blonde Sinner) is a 1956 British crime drama movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and is based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Joan Henry. It stars Diana Dors, Yvonne Mitchell, Michael Craig, Geoffrey Keen, Marjorie Rhodes, Dandy Nichols, Molly Urquhart, Harry Locke and was distributed by Associated British-Pathé.


The Rock-afire Explosion

The Rock-afire Explosion is an animatronic character rock band created by Aaron Fechter. They played at the Showbiz Pizza Place restaurants from 1980 until 1992 when they were rebranded into Chuck E. Cheese characters, after the band was discontinued.




Falmouth, Maine

Falmouth is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The population was 12,444 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.

Splash (movie)

Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy movie directed by Ron Howard, written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, and starring Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, John Candy and Eugene Levy. The movie is about a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.

The movie is the first to be released by Touchstone Pictures. "Splash" had received a PG-rating for some profanity and brief nudity on Disney +.

Back Street

Back Street is a 1932 American drama movie directed by John M. Stahl and is based on the novel of the same name by Fannie Hurst and was remade in 1941 and 1961. It stars Irene Dunne, John Boles, George Meeker, James Donlan, Doris Lloyd and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Hussein Moheb

Hussein Moheb () is a well-known Yemeni singer.

Banning

Banning is a 1967 American sports drama movie directed by Ron Winston. It stars Robert Wagner, Anjanette Comer, Guy Stockwell, Gene Hackman, Jill St. John, Howard St. John, Sean Garrison and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1968.


Karen Percy

Karen Percy is (born October 10, 1966) in Banff, Alberta is a Canadian Olympic skier. She had her Olympic debut in 1988. She was in Canada’s Sports Hall of Fame in the year 1994.We went to be on the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame the next year. She also became a member of the Order of Canada in 1988. 

In 2005, she got into the Banff Sports Hall of Fame. 

The Keep (movie)

The Keep is a 1983 British American World War II horror movie directed by Michael Mann and based on the 1981 novel of the same name by F. Paul Wilson. It stars Scott Glenn, Alberta Watson, Jürgen Prochnow, Robert Prosky, Gabriel Byrne, Ian McKellen and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Kevin Smyth

Kevin Smyth (born November 22,1973 in Banff, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played 58 games in the National Hockey League. 

Cutter's Way

Cutter's Way (also known as Cutter and Bone) is a 1981 American thriller movie directed by Ivan Passer and is based on the novel "Cutter and Bone" by Newton Thornburg. It stars Jeff Bridges, John Heard, Lisa Eichhorn, Stephen Elliott, Ann Dusenberry and was distributed by United Artists.


Faces of Women

Faces of Women (also known as in French as Visages de femmes) is a 1985 Ivorian French comedy-drama movie directed by Desiré Ecaré and starring Sidiki Bakaba, Albertine N'Guessan, Eugénie Cissé-Roland.

Omri Sharon

Omri Sharon (Hebrew: עמרי שרון; born 19 August 1964) is a former Israeli politician of Likud and Kadima. He is the son of Ariel Sharon, who was prime minister from 2001 till 2006.

Sharon Jr. was a major in the IDF and a Member of Knesset from 2003 till 2006.

He was found guilty of corruption charges in 2006 and was sentenced to prison.


The Great Waldo Pepper

The Great Waldo Pepper is a 1975 American adventure drama movie directed by George Roy Hill and starring Robert Redford, Bo Svenson, Bo Brundin, Susan Sarandon, Geoffrey Lewis, Scott Newman, Margot Kidder. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Theatro Technis

Theatro Technis is an off-West End 120-seat, townhouse theatre located in Camden. It was originally founded by George Eugeniou , (see Wikipedia EN) and a group of actors five decades ago to meet the needs of the Cypriot community through "cultural theatre and educational activities”.

The theatre has since evolved to being a hub of multi-faceted and multi-cultural activities hosting classics, new writing, international plays from overseas companies, live Greek music events , and Greek tragedies and is embedded as a vital part of London`s multi-cultural lanscape .
Theatro Technis also holds the annual London Greek Film Festival supported by the Thessaloniki Film Festival and ERT Greek Television.

Theatro Technis brings audiences back inside during corona 

"Bloody Guarantors", "One In Seven" ,"The Vandals are Coming", "Dowry with Two White Doves", "Afrodite Unbound" "The National Engagement", "A Revolutionary Nicknamed Roosevelt", "The Best of Tofias", "Contract", "Hands Tied,Tied Hand", "Gringland" , "Searching for the Lemons", "The Fire Burns where it Falls" ,and "Two Lives” and “Cyprus Trilogy" 

Theatro Technis initiated "1967, Cyprus Week" , an annual festival to highlight the Cypriot culture and way of life in the United Kingdom and to create a greater awareness of the struggle of Cyprus against British colonialism and the Turkish invasion of Cyprus..

Theatro Technis has showcased the work of new Greek Cypriot diaspora dramatists like Stavros Lilitos whose work was celebrated with the revival of his "The Old Suitcase" and "Under the Carob Trees" in 1979 at Theatro Technis, and performed in both the Greek and English languages."Don Camillo" was another play performed in the Greek Language.


For the full list of ancient Greek drama directed by George Eugeniou at Theatro Technis view Archive of Performances of Greek and Roman Drama the Classic Centre at the University of Oxford.

International plays include the French and Spanish language performance of “Le Petit Prince” , and “La Casa de Bernad a Alba “ respectively, the premiere of Griselda Gambaro `s Siamese Twins , Jonathan Lovett for The Stage : "Receiving a worthy tribute, in its long overdue UK premiere, this atmospheric production succeeds in weaving comedy into menace, and vice versa, helped by Kostas Panagiotou evocative score". "Brilliantly capturing a period of mistrust and state-sponsored violence, she turned to the story of Cain and Abel, depicting one brother destroying another while adding some deeply unsavoury characters on the side of the police." and Japan`s Mugensha Theatre Company." Theatro Technis booked us. The founder, George Eugeniou, is a Cypriot, so I think he was sympathetic to foreign dramatists such as us, Mugensha Theatre Company Nobuko Tanaka about George Eugeniou, "Japan Times",30 October 2008<nowiki></ref></nowiki>

Theatro Technis featured John Guare`s "Bosoms and Neglect" in 1992. In 2003 Theatro Technis premiered Justin Butcher`s “The Madness of George Dubya” , reviewed by The Guardian`s Michael Billington “Satire is all but dead on the London stage, so this show by Justin Butcher deserves the warmest of welcomes. Even if it is largely a topical update of Kubrick's Dr Strangelove, it had a packed house at this north London fringe theatre cheering it to the echo.”. The successful run of “The Madness of George Dubya” at Theatro Technis led to its transfer to the Pleasance Theatre in Islington and also garnered support from celebrities such as Justin Hoffman 

In his yearly review of British Theatre Billington remarked “The most cheering aspect of the year was the varied and rapid response to the Iraq crisis. At Theatro Technis, Justin Butcher wrote and directed The Madness of George Dubya - ignored by most critics until it transferred to the West End –“ 

Andreas Markou, Stelios Kyriacou, Andy Lysandrou, Spyros Kyprianou, Maroula Eugeniou, Peter Polycarpou, Eve Polycarpou , Angelique Rockas, 
Anna Savva, Alkis Kritikos,

George Savvides, John Eastman , Jackie Skarvellis



Infanta Luisa Fernanda, Duchess of Montpensier

Infanta Luisa Fernanda of Spain ("María Luisa Fernanda"; 30 January 1832 – 2 February 1897) was Infanta of Spain by birth and was the Duchess o Montpensier after her 1846 mairriage to a son of King Louis Philippe I of the French. Her husband was Prince Antoine of Orléans, Duke of Montpensier. She was also a sister of Queen Isabel II of Spain.



Sacking of Osceola

The Sacking of Osceola was a Kansas Jayhawker attack to move pro-slavery Southerners at Osceola, Missouri on September 23, 1861. It was not approved by the Union military. The attack happened from an informal group of anti-slavery Kansas "Jayhawkers". The town of 2,077 people was plundered and burned to the ground. 200 slaves were freed and nine local citizens were court-martialed and killed. It was led by James H. Lane.

Lane's raid created hatred that led to William Quantrill's raid on Lawrence, Kansas. That raid led to four counties of western Missouri under General Order No. 11 to be evacuated.


Drumhead court-martial

A drumhead court-martial is a court-martial that happens on the battlefield to hear important charges of crimes that happened during the battle.

The term is said to come from the use of a drumhead as an improvised writing table.

The earliest recorded use is in an English memoir of the Peninsular War (1807). The term sometimes is similar to summary justice. It has an implied lack of judicial neutrality, as noted in the transcripts of the trial at Nuremberg of Josef Bühler.

Death by burning

Death by burning (also known as immolation) is an execution method involving combustion or touching to extreme heat. It has a long history as a form of capital punishment, and many societies have used it as punishment for crimes such as treason, heresy and witchcraft. The best known execution of this type is burning at the stake where the condemned is tied to a big wooden stake and a fire lit under them.


James Montgomery (colonel)

James Montgomery (December 22, 1814 – December 6, 1871) was a Jayhawker during Bleeding Kansas. He was also a controversial Union colonel during the American Civil War. Montgomery was a strong supporter of abolitionist ideas and individual liberty, and he used extreme actions against pro-slavery people.

James Montgomery was born on December 22, 1814 in Austinburg, Ashtabula County, Ohio; his parents were James and Mary Baldwin Montgomery. He moved to Kentucky in 1837 with his parents, and he taught school there. He married, but his first wife died shortly after the wedding, so he married again to Clarinda Evans. They moved to Pike County, Missouri in 1852, and then to Jackson County, and finally to Bates County while waiting for Kansas to be open to settlement.

In 1854 Montgomery bought land near present-day Mound City, Kansas. There, he became a leader of local Free-state men and was a strong abolitionist. In 1857 he organized and led a "Self-Protective Company", using it to move pro-slavery people out of the area. Fights with other pro-slavery people led territorial governor James W. Denver to send U.S. Army soldiers in to restore order. Montgomery sometimes worked with the abolitionist John Brown and thought about doing a raid to rescue Brown after his capture in Virginia, but snow in Pennsylvania upset his plan.

On July 24, 1861, Montgomery was hired as a colonel of the 3rd Kansas Infantry of U.S. Senator James H. Lane's Kansas brigade, with Montgomery as second-in-command of the brigade.

After the war, Montgomery went back to his farm in Linn County, Kansas, where he died on December 6, 1871.


Charles R. Jennison

Charles Rainsford Jennison also known as "Doc" Jennison (June 6, 1834 – June 21, 1884) was a member of the anti-slavery group during Bleeding Kansas. He was also a famous Jayhawker, and a member of the Kansas State Senate in the 1870s. He later served as a Union colonel and as a leader of Jayhawker militias during the American Civil War.

Charles R. Jennison was born on June 6, 1834 in Antwerp, Jefferson County, New York. His family moved to Wisconsin in 1846 where Jennison studied medicine. Marrying at 20 years old, Dr. Jennison moved to Osawatomie, Kansas in 1858 and to Mound City, Kansas shortly thereafter. Jennison was considered the most brutal jayhawkers. Whereas some other importnat leaders of irregulars in the Bleeding Kansas border conflict shared these traits, Jennison was different because he plundered for personal gain. Jennison worked with James Montgomery in opposing pro-slavery settlers and irregulars believed to be working with Border Ruffians.

Even before the start of the war, Jennison became a captain of the Mound City Guards on February 19, 1861.

Jennison was elected to the Kansas Legislature from Leavenworth County in 1865, re-elected in 1867, and elected to the Kansas State Senate in 1872. He died at Leavenworth, Kansas June 21, 1884.


George Henry Hoyt

George Henry Hoyt (November 25, 1837 – February 2, 1877) was an abolitionist and attorney for John Brown. During the American Civil War, he served as a Union cavalry officer and captain of the Kansas Red Leg scouts. He became a brevet brigadier general by war's end. Following the war, Hoyt served as the sixth Attorney General of Kansas.

George Henry Hoyt was born in Athol, Massachusetts, on November 25, 1837. He was the only surviving son of Athol physician and abolitionist George Hoyt and his wife Avelina Witt Hoyt. In 1851, the Hoyts moved to Boston, where George studied law. Lysander Spooner, abolitionist anarchist and good friend of Dr. Hoyt, strongly influenced young George's views of abolition, as did radical orator Wendell Phillips.

Hoyt died in Athol on February 2, 1877, aged 39.


William T. Anderson

William T. Anderson (1840 – October 26, 1864), also known as "Bloody Bill" Anderson, was one of the deadliest and most famous pro-Confederate guerrilla leaders in the American Civil War. Anderson led a group of volunteer rangers who attacked Union loyalists and federal soldiers in the states of Missouri and Kansas.

William T. Anderson was born in 1840 in Hopkins County, Kentucky, to William C. and Martha Anderson. His siblings were Jim, Ellis, Mary Ellen, Josephine and Janie. His schoolmates remembered him as a well-behaved, quiet child. During his childhood, Anderson's family moved to Huntsville, Missouri, where his father got a job on a farm, and the family became well-respected. In 1857, they moved to the Kansas Territory, going southwest on the Santa Fe Trail and settling east of Council Grove.

The Anderson family supported slavery, though they did not own slaves. They moved to Kansas most likely for economic rather than political reasons.

Steven Cohen

Steve A. Cohen (born June 11, 1956 in Great Neck, New York) is an American billionaire investor, hedge fund manager, philanthropist, and art collector. He is the founder of Point72 Asset Management and the now-closed S.A.C. Capital Advisors. Both funds are based in Stamford, Connecticut. In 2020, he became the owner of New York Mets.



Frank James

Alexander Franklin "Frank" James (January 10, 1843 – February 18, 1915) was a Confederate soldier and guerrilla; in the post-Civil War period, he was an outlaw. The older brother of outlaw Jesse James, Frank was also part of the James–Younger Gang.


Androphilia and gynephilia

Androphilia and gynephilia are terms in behavioral science (the study of human and animal behavior) that describe sexual orientation. It is an alternative to the gender binary in homosexual and heterosexual. Androphilia is attraction to a man or masculinity (any quality or behavior linked to a man). Gynephilia is attraction to a woman or femininity. Ambiphilia (bisexuality) is the combination of androphilia and gynephilia.

The terms describe the focus of attraction with no need to credit a sex assignment or gender identity to the person. It will skirt any difficulty to understand people between the West and the East. The terms will also describe intersex and transgender people.

Magnus Hirschfeld was an early 1900s German sexologist (expert in sex and sexuality). Hirschfeld put a homosexual man in one of four groups. A man with attraction to a boy (pedophile). A man with attraction to an adolescent boy (ephebophile). A man with attraction to another young man (androphile). A man with attraction to an old man (gerontophile).

"Androphilia, A Manifesto: Rejecting the Gay Identity, Reclaiming Masculinity" is a book by Jack Donovan. Donovan uses "androphilia" to focus on masculinity in male homosexual desire. He also uses the term to reject the femininity and androgyny (combination of masculinity and femininity) in some parts of homosexual life.

"Androsexuality" is the same as "androphilia".

Alternative use in biology and medicine

"Androphilic" the same as "anthropophilic" in biology". Anthropophilic" is a parasite who will desire a human more than an animal. "Androphilic" will also describe certain proteins and androgen receptors.

In Ancient Greek, there is a different form of the term. In "Idyll" 8, line 60, Theocritus uses "gynaikophilias" to describe the very strong desire Zeus has for any woman.

Sigmund Freud says "gynecophilic" to describe his case study (detailed study of one person) Dora. Freud also uses the term in writing.

"Gynesexuality" is the same as "gynephilia". Psychoanalyst Nancy Chodorow says the short preoedipal (attraction to the mother and jealousy of the father) time of focus on the mother should be named "gynesexuality" or "matrisexuality."

"Androphilia" and "gynephilia" separate group attraction based on how old a person is. John Money names this chronophilia. Attraction to an adult is teleiophilia or adultophilia. Here, "androphilia" and "gynephilia" mean "attraction to an adult male" and "attraction to an adult female."

Kurt Freund and Betty Steiner create the 9-item Gynephilia Scale and the 13-item Androphilia Scale in 1982. This measures attraction in a mature female or a mature male. In 1985, Ray Blanchard names a new one the Modified Androphilia-Gynephilia Index (MAGI).

Magnus Hirschfeld sorts between gynephilic, bisexual, androphilic, asexual, and automonosexual (sexual attraction to themselves only) transgender woman.

Since the middle of the 1900s, some psychologists like to use "homosexual transsexual" (to mean the same as straight transgender woman) and "heterosexual transsexual" (to mean the same as transgender lesbian). Biologist Bruce Bagemihl is against this. It is because Bageminl thought it makes it simple to say a transsexual is a homosexual male looking to run from stigma. The term "homosexual transsexual" is "heterosexist" because it describes people by sex assignment and not gender identity. Sexologist John Bancroft says he regrets using this language. It was normal at the time Bancroft used it to talk about transgender women. Since 2008, he attempts to use terms that do not hurt the feelings of anyone. Sexologist Charles Allen Moser is also against any terms like that.

Sexologist Militon Diamond supports the terms androphilic, gynecophilic, and ambiphilic to describe any partner a person desires (andro = male, gyneco = female, ambi = both, philic = to love).

Some scientists support use of the terms to skirt bias in concepts of human sexuality in the West. Johanna Schmidt says that in a society where a third gender is supported, a term like "homosexual transsexual" does not line up.


William E. Miller

William Miller was an American politician from the state of New York who served in the US House for 7 terms from 1951 to 1965. Miller was a conservative Republican. In 1964, he ran for president but lost the primaries to fellow conservative Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona. Miller was Goldwater´s running mate. He also served as the 44th Chair of the Republican National Committee.

Wisconsin's 8th congressional district

Wisconsin's 8th congressional district is a district in Northeast Wisconsin, represented by Republican Mike Gallagher of Green Bay, Wisconsin.

The district is quite politically conservative. In the 2018 Election, when it voted to elect a Representative, Republican Mike Gallagher trounced Democrat Beau Liegeois, winning nearly two-thirds of the vote. It last elected a Democrat for the US House in 2008.

Wisconsin Senate

The Wisconsin State Senate is the upper house of the Wisconsin Legislature. It has 33 seats. Currently, Republicans have the majority with 19 seats. Democrats have 14 seats. Their pay is $50,950 a year.

The President of the Senate is Republican Roger Roth. The Majority Leader is Republican Scott L. Fitzgerald. The Minority Leader is Democrat Janet Bewley.

It is in the Wisconsin State Capitol in Madison, Dane County, Wisconsin.


Val-de-Vie

Val-de-Vie is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery (the seat), La Brévière, La Chapelle-Haute-Grue and Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery.

Saint-Benoît, Aude

Saint-Benoît is a commune of 105 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Couat-d'Aude

Saint-Couat-d'Aude is a commune of 404 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Couat-du-Razès

Saint-Couat-du-Razès is a commune of 51 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Denis, Aude

Saint-Denis is a commune of 512 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sainte-Camelle

Sainte-Camelle is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sainte-Colombe-sur-l'Hers

Sainte-Colombe-sur-l'Hers is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sainte-Eulalie, Aude

Sainte-Eulalie is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

BMW M3

The BMW M3 is a high-performance version of the BMW 3 Series. It has been produced for every generation since the E30 M3 was introduced in 1986.

Sainte-Valière

Sainte-Valière is a commune of 563 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Ferriol

Saint-Ferriol is a commune of 116 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

NA-95 (Mianwali-I)

NA 95 (Mianwali I) is a National Assembly constinuency in Pakistan.

Areas involved: Isa Khel, Daud Khel, Kalabagh and some areas of Mianwali Tehsil.
Members of This Constinuency from 2018.

Arcenant

Arcenant is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Orain

Orain is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Saint-Frichoux

Saint-Frichoux is a commune of 255 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

The Happy Years

The Happy Years is a 1950 American romantic comedy movie directed by William A. Wellman and is based on the novel "The Varmint" by Owen Johnson. It stars Dean Stockwell, Darryl Hickman, Scotty Beckett, Leon Ames, Leo G. Carroll, Robert Wagner. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

John Humperdink Stover, a troublemaker expelled from several schools, gets one last chance at a new academy to mature and receive a proper education. He befriends Tough McCarty and Tennessee Shad but continues to fight and play pranks on Connie Brown. Facing expulsion again, Stover has a change of heart and decides to reform, making his father proud.

According to MGM records, the movie earned $680,000 in the US and Canada and $175,000 elsewhere, making a loss of $1,096,000 for the studio.

Androsexuality

Androsexuality is a sexual orientation describing one's sexual attraction to men, males or masculinity, regardless of gender identity. It is the reverse of gynesexuality.

Gynesexuality

Gynesexuality or gynosexuality is a sexual orientation describing one's sexual attraction towards women, female individuals or to femininity, regardless of gender identity. It is the opposite of androsexuality.

Pofatu Database

The Pofatu Database is a resource for archaeologists and contains contextual and geochemical information on rock material and stone artefacts. This is used by archaeologists to determine the source of the material. In the spring of 2020, the data contained over 7700 samples from sites in the Pacific Ocean region. The samples are from both archaeological sites and geological sites. The geological samples are used for comparison, to identify the source of the archaeological samples. In addition, information on provenience, context, analytical methods and bibliography are maintained. "The database also provides instrumental details, analytical procedures and reference standards used for calibration purposes or quality control." The open-access database is supported by and Max-Planck-Gesellschaft and was built in collaboration with research organizations from Australia, New Zealand, Germany, and the United States.

The database uses an open-source storage system (GitHub) and file formats that are common and non-proprietary. 
This makes it easy to access and use the data and to retest it. Access to Pofatu is at The data can be seen in the Pofatu web application.


Pink Elephants on Parade

"Pink Elephants on Parade" is a song from the 1941 movie "Dumbo". It happens when Dumbo becomes drunk from drinking water mixed with champagne.

Moya Brennan

Moya Brennan (born Máire Ní Bhraonáin on 4 August 1952 in Gweedore, County Donegal, Ireland) is an Irish singer. She is famous for being a member of the folk group Clannad.


Fingers (1978 movie)

Fingers is a 1978 American crime drama movie directed by James Toback and starring Harvey Keitel, Danny Aiello, Tanya Roberts, Jim Brown, Michael V. Gazzo, Tisa Farrow, Sam Coppola. It was distributed by Brut Productions and remake in 2005 as French movie "The Beat That My Heart Skipped".

Chasseur (sauce)

Sauce chasseur, sometimes called "hunter's sauce", is a simple or compound brown sauce used in French cuisine. It is usually made using demi-glace or an espagnole sauce as a base, and often includes mushrooms and shallots. It may also include tomatoes and a finishing of fines herbes. Today, a simplified version of the sauce is produced industrially. This is what most people will associate with 'sauce chasseur'.

Chasseur is named after the French word for "hunter", hinting at the traditional pairings of mushrooms with venison, rabbit, wild fowl, and other game meats. Traditionally, while returning from the hunt, the hunters picked the mushrooms they would use to prepare the game meat.

"Chasseur" is thought to have been invented by Philippe de Mornay, who is also said to have invented Mornay sauce, Béchamel, sauce Lyonnaise and sauce Porto.

Hickory

Hickories are deciduous trees with pinnately compound leaves and large nuts. Hickory flowers are small, yellow-green catkins produced in spring. They are wind-pollinated and self-incompatible.

Report to the Commissioner

Report to the Commissioner is a 1975 American crime drama movie directed by Milton Katselas and based on the novel of the same name by James Mills. It stars Yaphet Kotto, Michael Moriarty, Richard Gere, Susan Blakely, Hector Elizondo, William Devane and was distributed by United Artists.


Annie Get Your Gun (movie)

Annie Get Your Gun is a 1950 American musical movie directed by George Sidney is based on the 1946 musical of the same name. It stars Betty Hutton, Howard Keel, Louis Calhern, Keenan Wynn, J. Carroll Naish and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1951.


Born Yesterday

Born Yesterday is a 1950 American comedy movie directed by George Cukor and based on the 1946 play of the same name by Garson Kanin. It stars Judy Holliday, Broderick Crawford, William Holden, Howard St. John and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1951 and was remade in 1993.


Broken Arrow (1950 movie)

Broken Arrow is a 1950 American western movie directed by Delmer Daves and based on the 1947 novel "Blood Brother" by Elliott Arnold. It stars James Stewart, Jeff Chandler, Debra Paget, Basil Ruysdael, Will Geer and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1951.


Francis the Talking Mule

Francis the Talking Mule is a 1950 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Arthur Lubin and is the first movie in the series of novels by David Stern. It stars Donald O'Connor, Patricia Medina, Chill Wills, Tony Curtis, Frank Faylen, Robert Warwick and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Mohawk (movie)

Mohawk is a 1956 American historical drama movie directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Scott Brady, Rita Gam, Neville Brand, Lori Nelson, Allison Hayes, John Hoyt, John Hudson. It was distributed by the 20th Century Fox.


American Enterprise Institute

The American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research, also known as the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), is a think tank in Washington, D.C. that researches government, politics, economics, and social welfare. AEI is an independent nonprofit organization supported mostly by grants and donations from foundations, corporations, and people.

It was created in 1938. AEI's stated goal is "to defend the principles and improve the institutions of American freedom and democratic capitalism—limited government, private enterprise, individual liberty and responsibility, vigilant and effective defense and foreign policies, political accountability, and open debate". AEI mostly believes in conservatism and neoconservatism, although it is officially non-partisan (does not officially support any political party).
AEI is governed by a Board of Trustees that has 28 members. It is made up of executives and former executives from various corporations. Approximately 185 authors are associated with AEI.


Center for Strategic and International Studies

The Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) is a think tank in Washington, D.C., in the United States. CSIS was created as the "Center for Strategic and International Studies" of Georgetown University in 1962. The center does policy studies and strategic analyses of political, economic and security issues throughout the world. They specifically focus on issues about international relations, trade, technology, finance, energy and geostrategy.

In the University of Pennsylvania's 2019 "Global Go To Think Tanks Report", CSIS is ranked the number one think tank in the United States across all subjects, the "Top Defense and National Security Think Tank" in the world, and the 4th best think tank in the world overall. CSIS has been named the number one think tank for Defense and National Security every years since 2013, and has been named the 'Center of Excellence'.


Se2grXII

Se2grXII originally marked LXX is a manuscript of the Septuagint dated to the 1st century and written on a parchment in the form of a scroll. This manuscript was found in the Judean Desert, probably in a Nahal Hever cave. This fragment is marked with number 943 on the list of manuscripts of the Septuagint according to the classification of Alfred Rahlfs.

This manuscript was discovered in August 1952 in the Judean Desert by Bedouins, who claimed to be from Wadi Seiyâl, but nobody knows the exact place of origin. It was bought by the Palestine Archaeological Museum (now the Rockefeller Museum). This manuscript received the designation Se2grXII (the second manuscript from the Seiyâl collection, written in Greek, containing a scroll of twelve minor prophets).

Nine other fragments of the scroll of minor prophets were found in 1961 in "Horror Cave" (cave No. 8 in the Nahal Hever Valley) by a team of Israeli archaeologists led by Jigael Jadin. Therefore, cave No. 8 located south of Qumran is now considered to be almost a reliable place of origin for the scroll. All the fragments set has now been given the name Greek Minor Prophets Scroll from Nahal Hever.

This manuscript contains a tetragram in Jonah 3:3.

This manuscript was published by B. Lifschitz from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in the "Israel Exploration Journal" in 1962. The original designation of the manuscript indicates that the Israel Exploration Journal volume XII was published (LXX).

It is stored in the Rockefeller Museum in Jerusalem (Gr. Se2grXII).


Mercury-Redstone 3

Mercury-Redstone 3, or Freedom 7, was the first United States human spaceflight, on May 5, 1961. It was piloted by astronaut Alan Shepard. It was the first flight with people of Project Mercury. The project had the objective of putting an astronaut into orbit around the Earth and returning him safely. Shepard's mission was a 15-minute suborbital flight with the primary goal of demonstrating his ability to withstand the high g-forces of launch and re-entry.

Panteón Francés

The Panteón Francés de la Piedad ("French Cemetery of the Mercy") is a cemetery in Mexico City in which several notable people are interred.

It is located in the southern section of the city, adjacent to the medical center, the Centro Medico Metro station, and the Colonia Buenos Aires neighborhood. Note that there is another "Panteón Francés" in the northwest section of the city, near Panteones metro station; not the same cemetery.


Arcadia Publishing

Arcadia Publishing is an American publisher. They publish neighborhood, local, and regional history of the United States in pictorial form. Arcadia Publishing also owns the History Press, which publishes text-driven books on American history and folklore.

It was created in Dover, New Hampshire, in 1993 by United Kingdom-based Tempus Publishing. It became independent after being bought by its CEO in 2004. The company office is in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.

It has a catalog of more than 12,000 titles, and italong with its subsidiary, The History Presspublishes 900 new titles every year.

In May 2017, Arcadia bought Palmetto Publishing Group, a Charleston-based self-publishing service that had been in business since 2015.

In 2018, Arcadia was bought by Lezen, a new company owned by Lili and Michael Lynton.

The History Press is a subsidiary publishing house that is owned by Arcadia. Its books are mostly about "narratives of local heroes, tragic losses, collections of homegrown recipes, historic mysteries, and everything in between."

The History Press was originally a US subsidiary of the UK-based publisher of the same name. In 2014, the US-based part of The History Press was sold to Arcadia Publishing.

"Legendary Locals" is an imprint of "The History Press".


Babruvahana

Babruvahana (also known as Babhruvahana or Babhnu Vahana) is a character in Veda Vyasa's epic, the Mahabharata. He is one of the sons of Arjuna, a Pandava. Chitrangada, the princess of Manipur was his mother. She bore him during the period of his (Arjuna's) exile at Manipura (refer Arjuna Vanavasa Parva of Mahabharata). Arjuna leaves Chitrangada because Arjuna's wife Uloopi from the Naga Clan betrays him. Uloopi was envious of Arjuna's marriage to Chitrangada. Babruvahana was adopted as the son of his maternal grandfather and reigned at Manipur as his successor. He dwelt there in a palace of great splendour, surrounded with wealth and signs of power. Later he came to know Arjuna was his father, and when he came to see his father, Arjuna did not recognise him and said he was a wanderer. He had a wife,Kimveka,from whom he had a son named Aarusha and a daughter named Aarushi.
Riad Ismat

Mohammad Riad Hussain Ismat () (11 July 1947 – 13 May 2020) was a Syrian writer, critic and theatre director. He was Minister of Culture from 3 October 2010 to 23 June 2012 during the Bashar al-Assad presidency. He later moved to Chicago where he taught at Columbia College. He was born in Damascus.

Ismat died on 13 May 2020 in Chicago from COVID-19, aged 72.

Astrid Kirchherr

Astrid Kirchherr (20 May 1938 – 12 May 2020) was a German photographer and artist. She was known for her works with the Beatles and her photographs of the band's original members – John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Stuart Sutcliffe and Pete Best – during their early days in Hamburg. 

Her early work was shown in Hamburg, Bremen, London, Liverpool, Chicago, New York City, Washington, D.C., Tokyo, Vienna and at the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame. She published three limited-edition books of photographs.

Kirchherr was born in Hamburg. She died there on 12 May 2020 from cancer, aged 81.

World Snooker Championship

The World Snooker Championship is the leading snooker event both in terms of prestige and prize money. The first event was held in 1927 and was won by Joe Davis. Davis won the first 15 championships before retiring from the event, after his 1946 win. In the 1950s snooker went into a period of decline and the championship was not held after 1952, although an unofficial championship was held until 1957. In 1964 the championship was revived on a "challenge basis" and in 1969 the championship became a knock-out event again. 

Since 1977 it has been played at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. The tournament is currently played over 17 days and ends on the first Monday in May. Since 1969 (the modern era), Ronnie O'Sullivan and Stephen Hendry have won the event most (seven times). Luca Brecel is the current winner.

The 'modern' era is considered to start in 1969, when the championship returned to a knock-out tournament from a challenge format. In the modern game, the best record is that of Stephen Hendry, who won seven times in the 1990s. Steve Davis won six times in the 1980s, as did Ray Reardon in the 1970s.

Dick Taylor

Richard Clifford Taylor (born 28 January 1943) is an English rock guitarist and pianist. He best known as the guitarist and founding member of The Pretty things. Taylor was an early bassist for the Rolling Stones, but left the band to study at Sidcup Art College. He was born in Dartford, Kent.

List of world snooker champions

The World Snooker Championship snooker tournament founded in 1927 and since 1977 played at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. The event is played over 17 days in late April and early May, and is chronologically the third of the three Triple Crown events of the season since 1977–78, when the UK Championship was first held. The event was not held from 1941 to 1945 because of World War II or between 1958 and 1963 due to declining interest.

The governing body that organises this event is the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association. Prior to this in 1968, the world championship was organised by the Billiards Association and Control Council (BACC), except for a few years when the Professional Billiards Players' Association (PBPA) staged their own event, the World Professional Match-play Championship.

The best player at the World Snooker Championship was Joe Davis, who won 15 consecutive titles between 1927 and 1946. The record in the modern era, usually dated from 1969 of a knock-out tournament format, rather than a challenge format, is held by Stephen Hendry, who won the title 7 times between 1990 and 1999.

Judd Trump

Judd Trump (born 20 August 1989) is an English snooker player from Bristol who is the current World Champion and the world number one. One of 11 players to win all Triple Crown events at least once, he has won 17 ranking titles.

After winning the English Under-13 and Under-15 events and reaching the World Under-21 semi-finals, Judd Trump turned professional in 2005, aged 16. He won his first ranking title at the 2011 China Open, beating Selby 10 - 8 in the final. The following month, he reached the final of the 2011 World Championship, but lost 15 - 18 to John Higgins. He wis first Triple Crown event later that year when he won the 2011 UK Championship, defeating Mark Allen 10 - 8 in the final. 

During the 2018 - 2019 snooker season, he won his first Masters title, defeating Ronnie O'Sullivan 10 - 4 in the final, and completed his Triple Crown by winning his first World Snooker Championship, defeating Higgins 18 - 9. He also became the first snooker player to win over £1 million in prize money in a single season.


Teresa Aquino-Oreta

Maria Teresa Aquino-Oreta (born Maria Teresa Aquino Aquino) (June 28, 1944 – May 14, 2020), better known as Tessie Aquino-Oreta, was a Filipino Liberal politician. She was born in Concepcion, Tarlac. She was a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 1987 to 1998 and Senator from 1988 to 2004.

Aquino-Oreta died on May 14, 2020 in Manila at the age of 75.

Henryk Jaskuła

Henryk Jaskuła (22 October 1923 – 14 May 2020) was a Polish yachtsman, sailing captain, and electrical engineer. He was the first Pole to perform a single-handed non-stop circumnavigation of the globe. Jaskuła became the third man to circumnavigate the globe non-stop and single-handed on 20 May 1980. He was born in Radziszów, Poland.

Jaskuła died on 14 May 2020 in Przemyśl, Poland at the age of 96.

Khalid Mahmud (judge)

Allama Khalid Mahmud (17 October 1925 – 14 May 2020) was a Pakistani Sunni Islamic scholar. He was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan. He created the Islamic Academy in Manchester. He was best known for his works related to Finality of the Prophethood. He was born in Lahore.

Mahmood died of problems caused by a fractured hip at a hospital in Manchester on 14 May 2020, aged 94.

Bob Watson

Robert José Watson (April 10, 1946May 14, 2020) was an American professional baseball player and sports executive. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Watson was a first baseman and left fielder who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Houston Astros, Boston Red Sox, New York Yankees and Atlanta Braves from 1966 to 1984. Watson was a two-time All-Star during his playing career.

After retiring as a player, Watson coached for the Oakland Athletics and was general manager for the Astros from 1993 through 1995 and the Yankees from 1995 through 1998. The Yankees won the 1996 World Series.

He was MLB's vice president in charge of discipline and vice president of rules and on-field operations until 2010.

Watson was diagnosed with stage 4 kidney disease in 2016. He died on May 14, 2020 from the disease in Houston at the age of 74.

Claes Borgström

Claes Gustaf Borgström (21 July 1944 – 15 May 2020) was a Swedish lawyer and politician. He was Equality Ombudsman ("JämO") from 2000 until 2007. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party and later joined the Left Party. He was born in Stockholm.

Borgström died in Stockholm on 15 May 2020 from COVID-19, aged 75.

Guido Cerniglia

Guido Cerniglia (3 February 1939 – 14 May 2020) was an Italian actor and theatre director. He was born in Palermo, Italy. He was known for his roles in "The Scientific Cardplayer" (1972), "Alla mia cara mamma nel giorno del suo compleanno" (1974) and in "Il giustiziere di mezzogiorno" (1975). 

Cerniglia died in Rome on 14 May 2020, aged 81.

Sergio Denis

Héctor Omar Hoffmann Fenzel, better known as Sergio Denis (16 March 1949 – 15 May 2020) was an Argentine pop singer-songwriter, pianist and actor. He was born in Coronel Suárez, Argentina. His best known songs were "Yo nunca supe más de ti", "Cada vez que sale el sol", "Cómo estás, querida", "Te quiero tanto" and "Un poco loco".

He also recorded Spanish versions of songs by Paul McCartney, John Denver, The Mamas & the Papas and Leonard Cohen.

In March 2019, Denis fell while performing at a concert in Tucumán. He suffered from cerebral edema and was in a coma. Denis died of a stroke while in a coma on 15 May 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 71.

Ernie Gonzalez

Ernie Gonzalez (February 19, 1961 – May 15, 2020) was an American professional golfer. He played on the PGA Tour in the 1980s. He won the only title of his career in 1986. He became only the third left-handed golfer to win a Tour event. He was born in San Diego, California.

Gonzalez died on May 15, 2020 in Chicago of Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 59.

Bible d'Olivétan

The Bible d'Olivétan ("Olivetan Bible") is a French translation of the Bible, which was published in Neuchâtel in 1535.

The "Bible d'Olivétan" was made by Pierre Robert Olivétan (c.1506—1538) who is believed to be a cousin of John Calvin. Olivétan published his first Bible translation in 1535 in Neuchâtel, a Swiss town.


Mitch Greenlick

Merwyn R. "Mitch" Greenlick (March 12, 1935 – May 15, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He represented District 33 of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2003 until his death. Greenlick was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was known proposing health care-related laws.

Greenlick died on May 15, 2020 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 85.


Phil May (singer)

Phil May (born Philip Arthur Dennis Kattner, 9 November 1944 – 15 May 2020) was an English singer-songwriter and musician. He became known in the 1960s as the lead singer of Pretty Things. He was one of the band's main lyricists. He was the primary lyricist for the album "S.F. Sorrow".

May died on 15 May 2020, in a hospital in King's Lynn from hip surgery-related problems, aged 75.

Triple Crown (snooker)

The Triple Crown in snooker is winning three tournaments, the World Championship, the UK Championship, and the Masters. These three events together make up the "Triple Crown Series". Each individual tournament is called a Triple Crown event. Players who win all three tournaments are said to have "won the Triple Crown", either over their career, or in one season alone. The Triple Crown dates back to the 1969 World Snooker Championship, when the event changed reverted to a knockout format from the prior "challenge" basis.

, 11 players have won all three events. Stephen Hendry and Ronnie O'Sullivan won each event five times or more. O'Sullivan has the most titles, having won 19 individual tournaments. Three players have won all three in the space of a season. Mark Williams, Steve Davis each won all three and Hendry having done so on two occasions.

A list of all winners of the three Triple Crown events is shown below by season:

Julio Anguita

Julio Anguita González (21 November 194116 May 2020) was a Spanish Communist politician. He was born in Fuengirola, Spain. 

Anguita was Secretary General of the Communist Party from 1988 to 1998. He was also Mayor of Córdoba from 1979 to 1986. From 1989 to 2000, he was a Congressional Deputy and Coordinator of United Left.

Anguita died on 16 May 2020 in Córdoba of a heart attack, aged 78.

Claudie Haigneré

Claudie André-Deshays Haigneré (born 13 May 1957) is a French doctor, politician, and former astronaut. She was a member of the Centre National d'Études Spatiales (1985–1999) and the European Space Agency (1999–2002). She was born in Le Creusot, France. She is also the CEO of France Telecom.

Pilar Pellicer

Pilar Pellicer (born Pilar Pellicer López de Llergo; February 2, 1938 – May 16, 2020) was a Mexican actress. Pellicer won the Ariel Award for Best Actress for her role as the main character in "La Choca" (1974). Her other best known roles were as Admiradora in "The Life of Agustín Lara" (1959) and as Lydia "Day of the Evil Gun" (1968). Pellicer was born in Villahermosa, Tabasco.

Pellicer died of COVID-19 on May 16, 2020 in Mexico City, aged 82.

Henrik Pontén

Henrik Pontén (17 October 1965 – 15 May 2020) was a Swedish jurist. He was born in Kalmar, Sweden. He worked for the organization Svenska antipiratbyrån (Swedish Anti-Piracy Bureau), and was often seen representing the organization in the media.

He became well known in Swedish media during the Bahnhof raid and the raid against The Pirate Bay. Pontén studied law at Stockholm University.

In May 2009, a fake application with the Swedish Tax Agency was submitted to change his name to "Pirate Pontén".

In January 2020, Pontén was injured in a bike accident where it left him in a coma. He died on 16 May 2020 in Lidingö, Sweden at the age of 54.

K. Varadarajan

K. Varadarajan (October 4, 1946 – May 16, 2020) was an Indian politician and activist. He was a Politburo member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) from Tamil Nadu of India. He also was Leader of All India Kisan Sabha. 

Varadarajan died on May 16, 2020 at his home in Karur, Tamilnadu of respiratory failure, aged 73.

Jumada al-Ula

Jumada al-Awwal (Arabic: جُمَادَىٰ ٱلْأَوَّل‎, 'Jumādā al-ʾAwwal'), also known as Jumada al-Ula (Arabic: جُمَادَىٰ ٱلْأُولَىٰ‎, 'Jumādā al-ʾŪlā') or Jumada Ⅰ, is the fifth month of the 12 lunar months in the Islamic calendar. The month spans 29 or 30 days.

Lynn Shelton

Lynn Shelton (August 27, 1959 – May 16, 2020) was an American movie and television director, screenwriter, editor, producer and actress. Her best known movies were "Humpday" and "Your Sister's Sister". She also directed some episodes of "GLOW", "Mad Men", "The Mindy Project" and "Shameless". 

Shelton was born in Oberlin, Ohio. She was raised in Seattle, Washington. Shelton came out as bisexual in 2012.

Shelton died of acute myeloid leukemia in Los Angeles on May 16, 2020, aged 54. She was in a relationship with comedian Marc Maron at the time of her death.

Oberlin, Ohio

Oberlin is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States, southwest of Cleveland. Oberlin is the home of Oberlin College.

The population was 8,555 at the 2020 census.

Saint-Gaudéric

Saint-Gaudéric is a commune of 115 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Jean-de-Barrou

Saint-Jean-de-Barrou is a commune of 254 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Jean-de-Paracol

Saint-Jean-de-Paracol is a commune of 124 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Julien-de-Briola

Saint-Julien-de-Briola is a commune of 89 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Laurent-de-la-Cabrerisse

Saint-Laurent-de-la-Cabrerisse is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Salsigne

Salsigne is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gibigiana (Castiglioni)

Gibigiana is a type of table lamp. It was designed by the architect Achille Castiglioni, in 1980 and produced by Floss S.p.A..



Saint-Marcel-sur-Aude

Saint-Marcel-sur-Aude is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Just-et-le-Bézu

Saint-Just-et-le-Bézu is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-des-Puits

Saint-Martin-des-Puits is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hanaford, Illinois

Hanaford is a village in Illinois in the United States.

2017 World Snooker Championship

The 2017 World Snooker Championship was a professional snooker tournament. It took place from 15 April to 1 May 2017 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. It was the 19th and final ranking event of the 2016–17 season, after the China Open. It was the 41st year that the World Snooker Championship had been held at the Crucible.

The winner of the title was defending champion Mark Selby. He defeated John Higgins 18–15 in the final despite having fallen 4–10 behind in the second session of the match. Selby defeated Ding Junhui 17–15 in the semi-finals, whilst Higgins defeated Barry Hawkins 17–8. This was Selby's third World Championship win. He had also won the title in the 2014 and 2016 tournaments.

The total prize fund for the event was £1,750,000. The winner got the top prize of £375,000. There were 74 century breaks in the main stage of the championship, with a further 84 in qualifying. Englishman Ronnie O'Sullivan made a break of 146 in the quarter-finals, the highest of the tournament. Gary Wilson scored a maximum break of 147 in qualifying during his first round win over Josh Boileau. The tournament was broadcast in Europe by the BBC and Eurosport, and internationally by World Snooker on Facebook.

The total prize money for the event was raised to £1,750,000 from the previous year's prize fund of £1,500,100. The winner of the event won £375,000. The prize money for the 2017 World Snooker Championship is shown below.
The numbers in parentheses beside some of the players are their seeding ranks. Match winners are shown in bold.

There were 74 century breaks made by 23 players in the main stage of the 2017 World Snooker Championship. The highest break of the tournament, a 146, was compiled by Ronnie O'Sullivan in his quarter-final loss to Ding Junhui.

Harvey

Harvey [ hahr-vee ] is an English family name or boys name derived from the Old Breton name "Huiarnviu". Harvey, a moniker with a long-standing presence, boasts a fascinating legacy. The name's roots can be traced back to Old English, denoting "battle worthy" or "strong in battle," derived from the words "here" for army and "wig" for battle. Initially, the name was utilized as a surname, awarded to individuals recognized for their valor and might in combat. This name was ranked #420 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Nine-ball

Nine-ball (sometimes written 9-ball) is a cue sport and a type of pool. The game comes from 1920s in the United States. It is played on a rectangular billiard table with pockets at each of the four corners and in the middle of each long side. Using a cue stick, players must strike the white ball to pocket 9 colored billiard balls in order. An individual game is won by the player pocketing the 9-ball. Matches are usually played as a race to a set number of games, with the player who reaches the set number winning the match.

The sport has featured in popular culture, most notably in the 1956 novel "The Hustler" and its 1961 film adaptation, and the 1984 novel sequel "The Color of Money" and 1986 film "The Color of Money".


2014 World Snooker Championship

The 2014 World Snooker Championship was a professional snooker tournament. It took place from 19 April to 5 May 2014 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. It was the 38th year that the World Snooker Championship had been held at the Crucible. It was the last ranking event of the 2013-14 snooker season. The event was sponsored by Dafabet for the first time.

Ronnie O'Sullivan was the defending champion, having won the 2013 event by beating Barry Hawkins in the final. Mark Selby won the event to win his first world title by defeating O'Sullivan 18–14 in the final. This was Selby's fourth-ranking title, also completing the Triple Crown of World Championship, UK Championship, and Masters titles. Neil Robertson secured the highest break, a 140. Robertson scored his 100th-century break of the season in his quarter-final win over Judd Trump. The event featured a prize fund of £1,214,000 with the winner receiving £300,000.

The total prize money for the 2014 World Snooker Championship was raised to £1,214,000 from the previous year's £1,111,000. The winner received £300,000, an increase of £50,000 over the previous year. The breakdown of prize money for the 2014 event is shown below:

The draw for the first round took place on 17 April 2014, one day after the qualifying. It was broadcast live on World Snooker's YouTube channel at 12 pm BST. The numbers in brackets beside some of the players are their seeding, whilst players in bold denote match winners. Below is the full results from the event.

There were 58 century breaks in the TV stages of the World Championship. For every century break made during the main tournament, Dafabet, donated £100 to the Bluebell Wood Children's Hospice. Neil Robertson made the highest break of the event, a 140.
There were 69 century breaks in the qualifying stage of the World Championship: The highest was a 139 by both Martin O'Donnell and Andrew Higginson.

Butterflies Are Free

Butterflies Are Free is a 1972 American comedy drama movie directed by Milton Katselas and based on the play of the same name by Leonard Gershe. It stars Goldie Hawn, Edward Albert, Eileen Heckart, Michael Glaser and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1973.


World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association

The World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA) is the governing body of professional snooker and English billiards. It owns and sets the official rules of the two sports and engages in promotional activities on behalf of the sports. It was founded in 1968 and based in Bristol, the United Kingdom, 

The WPBSA is the governing body for cue sports, specifically that of snooker, pool, and billiards.

The WPBSA has a number of associated organisations, including World Snooker, World Billiards, World Women's Snooker and World Disability Billiards and Snooker.

The WPBSA head office is based in Bristol, England. Jason Ferguson is WPBSA chairman. The organisation also determines the rules and regulations of snooker and English billiards, including disciplinary matters.


Band of the Hand

Band of the Hand is a 1986 American action crime thriller movie directed by Paul Michael Glaser and starring Stephen Lang, Michael Carmine, Lauren Holly, Danny Quinn, Laurence Fishburne, Leon Robinson. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


New Year's Evil

New Year's Evil is a 1980 American horror thriller movie directed by Emmett Alston and starring Roz Kelly, Kip Niven, Grant Cramer, Louisa Moritz, Taaffe O'Connell, Teri Copley. It was distributed by Cannon Group.


Oklahoma Historical Society

The Oklahoma Historical Society (OHS) is an agency run by the government of Oklahoma. It was created to promote and preserve the History of Oklahoma and its people. The agency collects, and interprets knowledge and artifacts of Oklahoma. Its mission is to collect, preserve, and share the history and culture of the state of Oklahoma and its people.

The OHS was formed by the Oklahoma Territorial Press Association in May 1893 which is 14 years before Oklahoma became a state. During this time, its initial function was to collect and distribute newspapers published in Oklahoma Territory. The society was declared an agency of the Oklahoma government in 1895. This is how it became an official state government agency when Oklahoma formed as a state in 1907.

Their Board of Directors is made up of 25 members, 12 of whom are appointed by the governor and rest 13 are elected by OHS members for a three-year terms.

Arthur Summons

Arthur James Summons (13 December 1935 – 16 May 2020) was an Australian representative rugby union and rugby league player. He captained the Australian national rugby league team in five undefeated test matches from 1962 until 1964 and later also coached the side. He was born in Paddington, New South Wales.

Summons died on 16 May 2020 in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales at the age of 84.

Deputy Prime Minister of Spain

The First Deputy Prime Minister of Spain, officially First Vice President of the Government of Spain, () is the second politician in charge after the Prime Minister of Spain. They take the responsiblities of Prime Minister when the office vacant due to resignation or death.

As of , there are ten living former Spanish Deputy Prime Ministers:
The most recent Deputy Prime Minister to die was Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba (served 2010–2011) on 10 May 2019, aged 67.

The Tall Stranger

The Tall Stranger is a 1957 American western movie directed by Thomas Carr and is based on the novel of the same name by Louis L'Amour. It stars Joel McCrea, Virgina Mayo, Barry Kelley, Michael Ansara, Leo Gordon, Whit Bissell, George J. Lewis and was distributed by Allied Artists.

Sorority Girl

Sorority Girl (also known as Sorority House or The Bad One) is a 1957 American crime drama movie directed by Roger Corman and starring Susan Cabot, Barboura Morris. It was distributed by American International Pictures and was remade in 1994 as "Confessions of a Sorority Girl".


Down and Out in Beverly Hills

Down and Out in Beverly Hills is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Paul Mazursky and is based on the play and 1932 movie "Bondu Saved from Drowning". It stars Bette Midler, Nick Nolte, Richard Dreyfuss, Little Richard and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

Mars Orbiter Mission 2

The Mars Orbiter Mission 2, also known as Mangalyaan 2, is India's second interplanetary craft planned to orbit Mars by the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). It is planned for launch for 2024. India was the first Asian nation to reach Mars' orbit and on its first attempt when Mangalyaan 1 was launched in 2013 by ISRO. It was originally going to include a lander, but in February 2021, ISRO decided it would only be an orbiter.

Basic reproduction number

A very important number for describing whether a disease can become an epidemic or not is R, pronounced "R naught" or "R zero". It refers to how many people a person who has this disease is expected to infect on average if there are no people immune to the disease. It is an abbreviation for basic reproduction number.

If R > 1, a disease can become an epidemic. If R < 1, it cannot. Most commonly known diseases have R > 1. However, vaccines can be used to make enough people immune in a population to stop epidemics from happening. We can also use other measures to make the effective reproduction rate (R, usually written R with "t" for time) lower than the basic reproduction rate (R).

An example of a vaccine that works really well is the smallpox vaccine, which stopped smallpox virus from spreading so well that it no longer exists except in laboratories. Examples of making the effective reproduction rate lower than the basic reproduction rate are using condoms to stop sexually transmitted diseases from spreading or not getting close to others (physical distancing, often called "social distancing") to stop respiratory diseases from spreading.


Euteleostomi

Euteleostomi is the largest group of vertebrates. Except for hagfish, lampreys, and cartilaginous fishes all vetebrates are part of this group. All Euteleostomi have a skeleton made of bone, and a skull. In the case of several fish related to the sturgeon, most of the skeleton has again been transformed to cartilage. 

Matthew Wolfenden (actor)

Matthew Wolfenden (born 5 May 1980) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of David Metcalfe in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2006–2024).

Wolfenden was born in Norwood Green, West Yorkshire. He was educated at Brighouse High School.

Wolfenden was a member of the British gymnastics squad until, aged 16, he fell whilst practising on the rings and broke his back. This prevented his continuing gymnastics and he turned to acting.

County Dublin

County Dublin is a historical county of Ireland, containing Dublin, the capital of the Republic of Ireland. It is now divided into the counties of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Fingal, and South Dublin, and the city of Dublin.

1986 World Snooker Championship

The 1986 World Snooker Championship was a snooker tournament that took place between 19 April and 5 May 1986. It was held at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. It was the sixth and final ranking event of the 1985–86 snooker season. It was the 1986 edition of the World Snooker Championship first held in 1927. The total prize fund was £350,000 with £70,000 given to the winner. The tournament was sponsored by cigarette manufacturer Embassy.

The defending champion was Northern Ireland's Dennis Taylor, who had defeated Steve Davis 18–17 in the 1985 final to win his first title. Taylor lost in the first round of the event 4–10 to Mike Hallett. The world number 16 Joe Johnson beat Davis 18–12 in the final to win his only ranking event.

The tournament featured a prize fund of £350,000 with a bonus of £80,000 if a player made a maximum break. The winner of the event won a total of £70,000. The breakdown of prize money for the event is shown below:
The numbers in brackets next to some of the players are their seeding. Players in bold denote match winners. Shown below are the results for the event:

There were 20 century breaks in the championship, the highest until 1991. The highest break was a 134 made by Steve Davis.
There were 12 century breaks made in qualifying. The highest was a 141 made by Stephen Hendry.

The Abductors

The Abductors is a 1957 American crime drama movie directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and stars Victor McLaglen, George Macready, Gavin Muir, Fay Spain. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Baby Face (movie)

Baby Face is a 1933 American drama movie directed by Alfred E. Green and stars Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Donald Cook, John Wayne, Henry Kolker, Arthur Hohl. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


1984 World Snooker Championship

The 1984 World Snooker Championship was a snooker tournament. It took place between 21 April and 7 May 1984 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. The event was run by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA), and was the eighth World Snooker Championship to be held at the Crucible since 1977. The event had 94 entries. The total prize fund for the event was £200,000, the highest total pool for any snooker tournament to that date; the winner received £44,000.

The defending champion was English player Steve Davis, who had won the title twice. He met Jimmy White in the final, which was played as a best-of-35-frames match. Davis won 18–16. Rex Williams made the event's highest break, scoring a 138. Eight century breaks were made during the competition, the fewest since 1978. The tournament was sponsored by cigarette manufacturer Embassy, and broadcast by BBC and ITV.

The total prize fund for the event was the largest for any snooker tournament to that date. The prize fund was £200,000 with the winner receiving £44,000. The breakdown of prize money for the event is shown below:
Shown below are the results for each round. Numbering in brackets shows player's seed.

There were eight centuries in the championship, the fewest since 1978. The highest break of the TV stages was 138 made by Rex Williams. The highest break in qualifying was a 112 made by Jim Donnelly.

2002 World Snooker Championship

The 2002 World Snooker Championship was a professional snooker tournament. It took place from 20 April to 6 May 2002 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. It was the final ranking event of the 2001–02 snooker season. This was the 26th year that the World Snooker Championship had been held at the Crucible.

Peter Ebdon won his first world title by beating Stephen Hendry 18–17 in the final.This was Hendry's ninth and last appearance in a World Championship final. There was a total of 65 century breaks made during the tournament. The highest was made by Stevens, who made a 145 in his quarter-final match. Hendry made a total of 16 centuries during the event, a record for any individual tournament. The championships were sponsored by cigarette manufacturer Embassy. A total prize fund of £1,615,770 was awarded at the event, with the winner receiving £260,000.

The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:


Shown below are the results for each round. The numbers in brackets beside some of the players are their seeding ranks. Players in bold denote match winners:

There were 68 century breaks at the event. The highest break was 145, made by Matthew Stevens during his quarter-final match against Higgins. Hendry made 16 century breaks during the tournament, the record for most centuries at a ranking event.

Idolatry

Idolatry is the worship of statues or images as gods. It is also used as a metaphor for other extreme devotion to a person of thing.

Idolatry is the worship of an idol or image, being a picture, a statue, or a person in place of God. In Judaism, Christianity and Islam, idolatry means worshiping something that is not God. These religions teach that there is only one God. Idolatry is said to be the "worship of false gods". It is forbidden by religious rules such as the Ten Commandments. There it says, "You shall not make a carved image (as a God)" and "You shall not have any other god ahead of Me (the only God). The monotheistic religions all have such rules.

The strict understanding of these rules would not allow religious statues of any kind. People who hold these views think that such statues should be destroyed. Others would say that worshipers must understand that the statue is only a symbol for God. They say that the image or statue is not the god. This has long been accompanied with violence between religious groups that forbid idol worship and those who have accepted icons, images and idols for worship. In many Indian religions, such as theistic and non-theistic forms of Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism, idols ("murti") are to be considered as symbolism for the absolute but not The Absolute. In the traditional religions of ancient Egypt, Greece, Rome, Africa, Asia, the Americas and elsewhere, the reverence of an image or statue has been a common practice. These statues or images have carried different meanings and significance.

The definition of idolatry has been a contested topic within Abrahamic religions, with many Muslims and Protestant Christians condemning the Catholic veneration of the Virgin Mary as a form of idolatry. This veneration of Mary and other Saints often involves statues. In the Orthodox churches, flat painted images are common, instead of carved statues. These are called Icons.

In history, many religions have accused others of idolatry. These accusations are that statues and images are devoid of symbolism. They say that many people believe the idol, statue or image is a god. Different groups often think that icons or statues in their religion have meaningful symbolism, but another person's religious images do not.

Religious leaders have used the idea of Idolatry (literal worship of statues or images) as a metaphor. They call anything that comes ahead of God an Idol. Saint Paul writes that "covetousness" (wanting material things) is idolatry. Jesus preached that "you cannot serve God and Mammon". Mammon was the Syrian God of riches. Muslim writers warn of making idols of material things or even political ideologies. Eastern religions have also warned about making material things one's god.

"Idolizing" persons, such as rock stars can also be seen as a form of idolatry. The popular TV show "American Idol" seems to use the term in a positive way. But this has been questioned even by non religious persons. Billy Graham has warned against various things that become idols in a person's life.

Carroll County, Ohio

Carroll County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 26,721 people lived there. The county seat is Carrollton.

Clermont County, Ohio

Clermont County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 208,601 people lived there. The county seat is Batavia.

Appling County, Georgia

Appling County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 18,444 people lived there. The county seat is Baxley.

Atkinson County, Georgia

Atkinson County is a county in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 8,286 people lived there. The county seat is Pearson.

Bacon County, Georgia

Bacon County is a county in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 11,140 people lived there. The county seat is Alma.

Jūrmala

Jūrmala is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1959.

Fulton County, Ohio

Fulton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio west of Toledo. In 2020, 42,713 people lived there. The county seat is Wauseon.

Lee County, Georgia

Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 33,163 people lived there. The county seat is Leesburg.

Jones County, Georgia

Jones County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 28,347 people lived there. The county seat is Gray.

Mitchell County, Georgia

Mitchell County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 21,755 people lived there. The county seat is Camilla.

Avengers: Endgame

Avengers: Endgame is a 2019 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the direct sequel to "" (2018) and the 22nd movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie was directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, with the screenplay written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. It features an ensemble cast including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Brie Larson, Karen Gillan, Danai Gurira, Benedict Wong, Jon Favreau, Bradley Cooper, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Josh Brolin. The movie was about how the Avengers tried to fix what Thanos did in "Infinity War" by reclaiming the Infinity Stones throughout time from previously featured MCU characters such as The Ancient One, Jane Foster, Frigga and Red Skull.

"Avengers: Endgame" premiered in Los Angeles on April 22, 2019 and was released in the United States on April 26.

In 2018, twenty-three days after Thanos killed half of all life in the universe, Carol Danvers rescues Tony Stark and Nebula from deep space and they reunite with the remaining Avengers—Bruce Banner, Steve Rogers, Thor, Natasha Romanoff, and James Rhodes—and Rocket on Earth. Locating Thanos on an uninhabited planet, they plan to use the Infinity Stones to reverse his actions, but discover Thanos has already destroyed them to prevent further use. Enraged, Thor decapitates Thanos.

Five years later, in 2023, Scott Lang escapes from the Quantum Realm. Reaching the Avengers Compound, he explains that he experienced only five hours while trapped. Theorizing the Quantum Realm allows time travel, they ask Stark to help them retrieve the Stones from the past to reverse the actions of Thanos in the present. Stark, Rocket, and Banner, who has since merged his intelligence with the Hulk's strength, build a time machine. Banner notes that altering the past does not affect their present; any changes create alternate realities. Banner and Rocket travel to Norway, where they visit the Asgardian refugees' settlement New Asgard and recruit an overweight and despondent Thor. In Tokyo, Romanoff recruits Clint Barton, who became a vigilante after the death of his family.

Banner, Lang, Rogers, and Stark time-travel to New York City during Loki's attack in 2012. At the Sanctum Sanctorum, Banner convinces the Ancient One to give him the Time Stone after promising to return the various Stones to their proper points in time. At Stark Tower, Rogers retrieves the Mind Stone from Hydra sleeper agents, but Stark and Lang's attempt to steal the Space Stone fails, allowing 2012-Loki to escape with it. Rogers and Stark travel to Camp Lehigh in 1970, where Stark obtains an earlier version of the Space Stone and encounters his father, Howard. Rogers steals Pym Particles from Hank Pym to return to the present and spies his lost love, Peggy Carter.

Meanwhile, Rocket and Thor travel to Asgard in 2013; Rocket extracts the Reality Stone from Jane Foster, while Thor gets encouragement from his mother, Frigga, and retrieves his old hammer, Mjolnir. Barton, Romanoff, Nebula, and Rhodes travel to 2014; Nebula and Rhodes go to Morag and steal the Power Stone before Peter Quill can, while Barton and Romanoff travel to Vormir. The Soul Stone's keeper, Red Skull, reveals it can only be acquired by sacrificing a loved one. Romanoff sacrifices herself, allowing Barton to get the Stone. Rhodes and Nebula attempt to return to their own time, but Nebula is incapacitated when her cybernetic implants link with her past self, allowing 2014-Thanos to learn of his future self's success and the Avengers' attempt to undo it. 2014-Thanos sends 2014-Nebula forward in time to prepare for his arrival.

Reuniting in the present, the Avengers place the Stones into a gauntlet that Stark, Banner, and Rocket had built. Banner, having the most resistance to the gamma radiation emitted by the gauntlet, wields it and reverses Thanos's disintegrations. Meanwhile, 2014-Nebula, impersonating her future self, uses the time machine to transport 2014-Thanos and his warship to the present, which he then uses to destroy the Avengers Compound. Present-day Nebula convinces 2014-Gamora to betray Thanos, but is unable to convince 2014-Nebula and kills her. Thanos overpowers Stark, Thor, and a Mjolnir-wielding Rogers and summons his army to retrieve the Stones, intent on using them to destroy the universe and create a new one. A restored Stephen Strange arrives with other sorcerers, the restored Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy, the Ravagers, and the armies of Wakanda and Asgard to fight Thanos's army. Danvers also arrives and destroys Thanos's warship, but Thanos overpowers her and seizes the gauntlet. Stark steals the Stones and uses them to disintegrate Thanos and his army, at the cost of his life.

Following Stark's funeral, Thor appoints Valkyrie as the new ruler of New Asgard and joins the Guardians. Rogers returns the Stones and Mjolnir to their proper timelines and remains in the past to live with Carter. In the present, an elderly Rogers passes his shield to Sam Wilson, in hopes of being the next Captain America.

Alex Lely

Alex Lely (born 30 June 1973) is a Dutch pool player. Lely won the 1999 World Pool Masters after defeating Efren Reyes 7–5 in the final. He reached the final in 2000 but lost to Ralf Souquet 7–3. He is a two-time European Champion having won the nine-ball and eight-ball at the 2005 European Pool Championships. 

Lely has competed for the European team at the Mosconi Cup on four occasions in 1999, 2005, 2008 and 2009. Lely would be a part of the winning team at the 2008 Mosconi Cup. In 2020, he took over as the team captain of the European team over Marcus Chamat. He won three events on the Euro Tour, first winning the 1999 German Open, before winning two more events in 2005 and 2006.


Eve Miller

Eve Miller (born Marilyn Miller; August 8, 1923 – August 17, 1973) was an American actress who appeared in 41 movies between 1945 and 1961. She was born in Los Angeles, California, and died in Van Nuys, California. She committed suicide at age 50.

Thirty-fifth government of Israel

The thirty-fifth government of Israel was installed on May 17, 2020 and ended on June 13, 2021.

The Prime Minister was Likud politician Benjamin Netanyahu. In a year and a half Blue and White leader Benny Gantz would become prime minister.

It consisted of the following parties with seats in brackets:

Together it had 74 seats in the 23rd Knesset.

The Netanyahu-Gantz Government presented itself as a unity government, established due to health and socio-economic problems caused by the coronavirus pandemic.


Eurovision: Europe Shine a Light

Eurovision: Europe Shine a Light was a live television programme, created by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). It replaced the Eurovision Song Contest 2020, which was going to be held in Rotterdam, Netherlands, but was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.

The show was shown live from Hilversum, Netherlands on 16 May 2020 and lasted for two hours. It was hosted by Chantal Janzen, Edsilia Rombley and Jan Smit, who had been chosen to present the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 before its cancellation.

During the programme, all 41 songs that had been chosen to take part in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 were show but no one could vote. Participants from the past were invited to make an appearance. Together, the artists performed "Love Shine a Light" from their home countries. Videos of Eurovision fans singing along to "What's Another Year" by Johnny Logan, which won the Eurovision Song Contest 1980 in The Hague, were shown as well.

Hilversum was the host city and Studio 21 in Media Park was the venue of the show. It was the second time Hilversum hosted a Eurovision event, having previously hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 1958.

The show was hosted by three presenters: Actress and television host Chantal Janzen, singer and commentator for the contest Jan Smit, and singer Edsilia Rombley, who represented the Netherlands in the 1998 and 2007 contests. They would have been the three hosts of the Eurovision Song Contest 2020. 

The show featured performances from the following Eurovision artists:
The show also showcased the artists and songs that would've been performed at the Eurovision Song Contest 2020, by showing short videos of the songs' music videos or stage performances, along with video messages from the artists themselves.

The countries below broadcasted the live show:

County Longford

County Longford () is a county in Ireland. It is part of the province of Leinster. The main town is also called Longford.

Eurovision Song Contest 2021

The Eurovision Song Contest 2021 was the 65th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest that took place in the Netherlands's second largest city Rotterdam, after Duncan Laurence won for his country in Tel Aviv, Israel. 

The Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was replaced with a live TV show called . It was later announced that Rotterdam will host the 2021 edition. The contest took place from 18 to 22 May 2021 with two semi-finals and one final. The Netherlands hosted the contest for the fifth time.

The EBU confirmed that 39 countries will participate in 2021. Like the previous year, Hungary and Montenegro did not take part. Armenia also did not take part, while Belarus was disqualified after their intended entry violated the contest's rules. Due to the ongoing pandemic, the EBU presented several scenarios (A, B, C and D) in which the competition could take place.

The contest happened in Rotterdam Ahoy in Rotterdam and was organized by the Dutch broadcasters NPO, NOS and AVROTROS.

There were four presenters hosting the contest in Rotterdam: Chantal Janzen, Jan Smit, Edsilia Rombley and Nikkie de Jager. 

The slogan of the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 was "Open Up". It was already planned for the 2020 contest and later confirmed that it would be used again.

For the 2021 edition, it was announced by the EBU that pre-recorded backing vocals will be allowed for the live shows. In previous years these had to be performed live.

Because the contest was cancelled last year, many countries decided to send their representative from last year again. However, the EBU announced that completely new songs have to be submitted for 2021.

The first semi-final took place on 18 May 2021 at 21:00 (CEST). Sixteen countries participated in the first semi-final. Those countries plus , and the voted in this semi-final. was originally allocated to participate in the first half of the semi-final, but was disqualified from the contest after submitting an entry in violation of the rules.

The highlighted countries qualified for the final.

The second semi-final took place on 20 May 2021 at 21:00 (CEST). Seventeen countries participated in the second semi-final. Those countries plus , and the voted in this semi-final. was originally allocated to participate in the second half of the semi-final, but withdrew from the contest due to social and political crises in the aftermath of the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.
The highlighted countries qualified for the final.

The final took place on 22 May 2021 at 21:00 (CEST). Twenty-six countries participated in the final, with all thirty-nine participating countries eligible to vote.

These countries confirmed that they will not take part in 2021:

Saint-Hilaire, Aude

Saint-Hilaire is a commune of 773 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-Lalande

Saint-Martin-Lalande is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-le-Vieil

Saint-Martin-le-Vieil is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-Lys

Saint-Martin-Lys is a commune of 25 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Michel-de-Lanès

Saint-Michel-de-Lanès is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Nazaire-d'Aude

Saint-Nazaire-d'Aude is a commune of 2,032 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Monroe County, Ohio

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 13,385 people lived there. The county seat is Woodsfield.

Clinton County, Ohio

Clinton County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 42,018 people lived there. The county seat is Wilmington.

Baldwin County, Georgia

Baldwin County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 43,799 people lived there. The county seat is Milledgeville.

Columbiana County, Ohio

Columbiana County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 101,877 people lived there. The county seat is Lisbon.

Harrison County, Ohio

Harrison County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 14,483 people lived there. The county seat is Cadiz.

Holmes County, Ohio

Holmes County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 44,223 people lived there. The county seat is Millersburg.

Jefferson County, Ohio

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 65,249 people lived there. The county seat is Steubenville.

Meigs County, Ohio

Meigs County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 22,210 people lived there. The county seat is Pomeroy.

Pike County, Ohio

Pike County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 27,088 people lived there. The county seat is Waverly.

Scioto County, Ohio

Scioto County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 74,008 people lived there. The county seat is Portsmouth.

Morrow County, Ohio

Morrow County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 34,950 people lived there. The county seat is Mount Gilead.

Ha*Ash

Ha*Ash is an American Latin pop duo from Lake Charles, Louisiana. The band was formed in 2002 by sisters Ashley Grace and Hanna Nicole. The duo's name is a combination of their names.

They recorded their self-titled first album "Ha*Ash" with the Mexican producer Áureo Baqueiro in 2003. In April, they released their first single, "Odio Amarte". The second single was "Estés Donde Estés" which was released in July 2003. In February 2004, a third single was released: the ballad "Te Quedaste". This was followed by their second album "Mundos Opuestos" again with Áureo Baqueiro. "Amor a Medias" was the first single and reached number four on the Mexican Chart in April 2006. The song was chosen to promote Sony's products. "Me Entrego a Ti" was the second single which was written by Colombian artist Soraya and had the same success.

Early 2008, they recorded their third album, "Habitación Doble", in Nashville, Tennessee. This album have a collaboration of the singer Brandi Carlile with the song "Already Home", their first English song recorded by them (like officially). "A Tiempo" is the fourth studio album. It was released under the label Sony Music Latin on May 16, 2011. A Tiempo was recorded over a period of almost a year between Los Angeles, California and Milan, Italy. Ha*Ash worked with producer Áureo Baqueiro and invited Michele Canova.

After completing the tour for "A Tiempo" in 2013, it was revealed that Ha*Ash had begun production of the album "", which was released in 2014. Ha*Ash is the youngest group to record a Primera Fila concept album. The album includes material from her past four studio albums as well as 8 newly recorded songs. The CD/DVD has images from their hometown in Louisiana and a live concert filmed in Estudios Churubusco, Mexico City.

"30 de Febrero" was released on December 1, 2017 by Sony Music Latin. The album features artists with Prince Royce and Abraham Mateo on the title track. "100 Años" with Prince Royce was the first single and reached number one on the Mexican Chart in December 2017. On October 20, 2017, Ha*Ash released the video for the album's lead single. On October 3, 2018, Ha*Ash became the first Latin music band to be featured in the "Spotify Singles" concept.

On December 6, 2019, the duo released a live album, entitled "En vivo", based on a recording from the concert at the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico on November 11, 2018.

Studio albums

Live albums

Headlining


Opening acts



Kinder Joy

A Kinder Joy is an egg-shaped candy. It was first released in 2001 in Italy. It has 2 cocoa balls, milk cream, and chocolate on the bottom on one side. On the other side, it has a spoon on the top of the outside of it and a toy.

On November 13, 2017, it was announced that it will be released in the United States in the next week after that.

30 de Febrero

30 de Febrero () is the fifth studio album by American Latin pop duo Ha*Ash, released on December 1, 2017 Sony Music Latin. It is the band's first studio album in six years, after of their previous album, "A Tiempo" (2011). The album features artists Prince Royce and Abraham Mateo. Ha*Ash assumed an integral role in the album's production and collaborated with several producers including George Noriega, Matt Rad, Joe London and Edgar Barrera.

The album was preceded by the release of four singles. The first, "100 Años" featuring Prince Royce was released October 13, 2017. In November 2017, The second single, "No Pasa Nada", was released on March 8, 2018. The other singles released were, "Eso No Va a Suceder" and "¿Qué Me Faltó?". Ha*Ash released six lyric; "Ojalá", "30 de Febrero" and "Eso No Va a Suceder". The 4th, 5th and 6th lyric videos came out on December 1, which were "Paleta", "No Pasa Nada", and "Llueve Sobre Mojado", which were all released on the same day as the album.

To promote the album, the band embarked on Gira 100 años contigo, which began at the Quinta Vergara Amphitheater in Viña del Mar, Chile on February 24, 2018. Footage from the concert at the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico were recorded and i will released on a CD/DVD, entitled "En Vivo", in 2019.

Notes

This list of credits is based on Genius.com & All Music.

Musicians

Production

Play TV (Radica)

Play TV is a series of home video game consoles with a built-in controller by Radica.

Primera Fila: Hecho Realidad

Primera Fila:Hecho Realidad () is the first live and the first video album by American Latin pop duo Ha*Ash. It was released under the label Sony Music Latin on 11 November 2014. The album was recorded in Lake Charles, Louisiana and Ciudad de México on 7 July 2014, with a selected audience to attend the concert.

The album includes material from her past four studio albums as well as 8 newly recorded songs. The album features collaborations by several performers, including Julio Ramírez, Maluma, Joy Huerta, Matisse, and Axel, among others. Ha*Ash worked with producers George Noriega, Pablo De La Loza, and Tim Mitchell. Ha*Ash worked with producers George Noriega, Pablo De La Loza, and Tim Mitchell. Six singles were released from Primera Fila: Hecho Realidad worldwide. "Perdón, Perdón" was released as the lead single in September 2014. The other songs released were "Lo Aprendí de Ti", "Ex de Verdad", "", "Dos Copas de Más", and "Sé Que Te Vas".

Notes

Credits adapted from the liner notes of the Mexican deluxe edition of "Primera Fila: Hecho Realidad".

Musicians

Production

En Vivo (Ha*Ash album)

En Vivo () is the first live concert DVD and second live album by American Latin pop duo Ha*Ash. It was be released through Sony Music Latin and OCESA Seitrack on December 6, 2019 as a digital download. It was filmed at the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico City, on November 11, 2018 during her world tour Gira 100 años contigo. It features guest appearances from American singer Prince Royce on "100 Años", musician Miguel Bosé on "Si Tu No Vuelves" and Spanish singer Melendi on "Destino o Casualidad".

The album preorders beginning on November 28, 2019 in Apple Music and Spotify. In November 29, 2019, there was a sweepstakes to win tickets to an exclusive screening of the film. It was released worldwide as a digital download on December 6, 2019. In the Mexico, the standard edition of the album was released exclusively at Mixup Music Store on December 6, 2019. In Spain the album it was made released in January 3, 2020.


Musicians


Ayoob Tarish

Ayoob Tarish Absi (, born 1942; first name also spelled Ayoub; last name also spelled Absey) is a Yemeni singer and musician from the area of Al-Aboos in the Ta'izz Governorate. Tarish composed "United Republic", the national anthem of Yemen, which was adopted following the Yemenite reunification.


Ammar Al Azaki

Ammar Alazaki () is a Yemeni pop singer known for being a finalist in the fourth season of "Arab Idol", broadcast by the MBC network. His nomination received widespread coverage in Yemen amidst the Yemeni Civil War (2015–present). Alzaki initially gained recognition for winning the 2006 Munshid Al Sharjah competition which specialized in Nasheed type of singing, hosted by the Sharjah Media Corporation and under the patronage of the Ruler of the Emirate of Sharjah.

Alazaki was born in the village of Alzaki in Ar Rujum District of Al Mahwit Governorate in Yemen. He discovered his talent for singing during nasheed performances at his school which encouraged him to join the Sana'a Arab Cultural Capital contest as part of the Arab Capital of Culture initiative and won first place in the nasheed category. His family was initially against his singing and did not believe he had a good voice until his music teacher visited the family and convinced them to allow him to compete in the Sanaa competition.

At the age of 18, Alazaki travelled at his own expense and alone to Sharjah to compete at the annual Munshid Sharjah competition, and his father noted that they had less than 24 hours before the deadline to register. Alazaki would go on to beat international competition and win the first-place position and a monetary reward of 100,000 Emirati dirham.

Before enrolling in the Arab Idol competition, Alazaki was contracted by the Global Village (Dubai) for three months and only enrolled by the advice of his friend, who persisted in requesting his participation at the Dubai tryouts despite his hesitation due to fierce competition.

Alazaki competed in the fourth season of Arab Idol and came in third place at the competition. Throughout the competition, he gained widespread attention in Yemen despite the ongoing civil war and shortage of electricity.

Alzaki signed with Song Music Middle East in February 2018 and has released his first album "White Talk" and various singles since the end of the Arab Idol competition including collaborations with other Arab singers and poets. His first song with Sony Music was released in 2018. In 2019, Alazaki released "Ana AlYamani" song in dedication to the Yemeni Football Team in the upcoming 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC). In addition, he acted in a locally produced Yemeni drama released on the YouTube channel of Yemen Shabab called Gorbah Al Bun (in Arabic غربه البن) which received millions of views on each episode and local popularity.




Fuad al-Kibsi

Fuad al-Kibsi () is a Yemeni singer. He is among the most popular singers and musicians in Yemen. Most of his music are of ancient scholarly and oral traditions of Yemen. He is son of the famous Yemeni poet, Abdallah Hashim al-Kibsi.

al-Kibsi was born in 1961 in Sanaa. He learned music from his father and he was influenced by famous Yemeni singers like al-Sunaidar, al-Anisi and al-Harithi. He studied commerce in Sana'a university and he also studied Quranic studies and Arabic syntax and morphology.

Salbah

Salbah () is a village in Jabal Nimr. It is in the Hajjah Governorate. In the 2004 census its population was 945 people.


Afyush

Afyush () is a village in Islah in Mudhaykhirah District in Al Udayn District. It is in the ibb Governorate. In the 2004 census its population was 8870 people.


Al Muqaraea

Al Muqaraea () is a village in Al Udayn District. It is in the ibb Governorate. In the 2004 census its population was 52 people.

Al Jarab

Al Jarab () is a village in Al Mansuriyah District. It is in the Al Hudaydah Governorate. According to 2004 census, there were 1031 people living there. 


Michael Sendivogius

Michael Sendivogius (; ; 2 February 1566 – 1636) was a Polish alchemist, philosopher, and medical doctor. He is famous as being the first to purify certain compounds and create certain acids. He was also the first to work out that a certain gas was given off when heating potassium nitrate. This gas was oxygen, and he was the first to identify it. He also worked out that this gas was in air, and called it the "food of life".

Sacheen Littlefeather

Sacheen Cruz Littlefeather (born Marie Louise Cruz; November 14, 1946 – October 2, 2022) was an American actress, model and Native American civil rights activist. On March 27, 1973, she stood in for Marlon Brando at the 45th Academy Awards to turn down the Best Actor award for his performance in "The Godfather". Brando did not go to the ceremony in protest of Hollywood's portrayal of Native Americans and to bring attention to the standoff at Wounded Knee. Her speech was met with both jeers and applause.

In June 2022, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) sent Littlefeather a statement of apology. It was read in full at "An Evening with Sacheen Littlefeather" on September 17.

Littlefeather was born in Salinas, California. Her mother was of French, German and Dutch ancestry. Her father was a Native American (both White Mountain Apache and Yaqui).

In 2018, a spokesperson announced that Littlefeather had stage 4 breast cancer. She died on October 2, 2022, in Novato, California from the disease. She was 75.

Shortly after Littlefeather's death, Littlefeather's two sisters said that their family is not Native American and that Littlefeather lied about her Native American ancestry. They said that their father was Hispanic of Spanish–Mexican descent. 


Romain Kremer

Romain Kremer (April 1 1982 in Villefranche-de-Rouergue in Aveyron) is a French fashion designer.

Born in Villefranche-de-Rouergue in Aveyron.

In 2005 he won the creativity prize at the XXth International Fashion and Photography Festival in Hyères

Between 2011 and 2013 Romain Kremer is the designer responsible for the men's ready-to-wear collection for the Thierry Mugler brand, in collaboration with the artistic director Nicola Formichetti.

Thotsakan Kid Game

The Thotsakan Kid Game (Thai: เกมทศกัณฐ์เด็ก) is a Thai game show produced by Workpoint Entertainment. It was started in 2004 and ended in 2008.

Children play on their own rather than against each other. They have to match the correct face with a given name. The player will receive a scholarship worth up to one million baht. The game will go on until a wrong answer is given.

A later format change, perhaps due to the controversy (see below), saw teams of three different ages, and then single players, playing for charity in a similar format to the Southern Teachers version, before the kids' edition was discontinued altogether in June 2008, which, combined with the renaming of Yok Siam (above), meant an end to the Tod Sa Gun name after just over 5 years.

Children play on their own rather than against each other. They have to match the correct face with a given name. The player will receive a scholarship worth up to one million baht. The game will go on until a wrong answer is given.

A later format change, perhaps due to the controversy (see below), saw teams of three different ages, and then single players, playing for charity in a similar format to the Southern Teachers version, before the kids' edition was discontinued altogether in June 2008, which, combined with the renaming of Yok Siam (above), meant an end to the Tod Sa Gun name after just over 5 years.

Louis Réard

Louis Réard (1897 – September 16 1984) was a French automobile engineer and clothing designer. He introduced the modern two-piece bikini in July 1946. Son of the owner of "Folies Bergères" in Paris, he decided to radically change his sector of activity by inventing a swimsuit allowing girls to sunbathe without having to roll it up.

Réard afterwards opened a bikini shop in Paris and sold swimsuits for 40 years.

Siegfried &amp; Roy: The Magic Box

Siegfried & Roy: The Magic Box is a 1999 American biographical movie about Siegfried & Roy, directed by Brett Leonard and starring Siegfried & Roy as themselves with narration by Anthony Hopkins.

Cash McCall

Cash McCall is a 1960 American romantic drama movie directed by Joseph Pevney and based on the novel of the same name by Cameron Hawley. It stars Natalie Wood, James Garner, Nina Foch, Dean Jagger, E. G. Marshall, Otto Kruger, Henry Jones and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Yukio Okamoto

Yukio Okamoto (, "Okamoto Yukio"; November 23, 1945 – April 24, 2020) was a Japanese diplomat and analyst. He was a known political analyst for Japan–United States relations. He was a diplomatic advisor and analyst for several Japanese prime ministers, including Ryutaro Hashimoto from 1996 to 1998 and Junichiro Koizumi from 2003 until 2004. He was born in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.

Okamoto died from pneumonia caused by COVID-19 at a Tokyo hospital on April 24, 2020, at the age of 75.

Haider Ackermann

Haider Ackermann (born 29 March 1971 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a French deseigner of ready-to-wear fashion. He lives in Paris.

In 1998, Ackermann began a five-month internship at John Galliano, building his portfolio over the next few years with designers such as Bernhard Willhelm, Patrick Van Ommeslaeghe and Mayerline. Karl Lagerfeld had gone on record saying that he believed Ackermann a worthy successor to his mantle at Chanel, a fitting compliment for one of fashion’s most talented designers.

Ackermann launched his own collection in September 2002.

In September 2016, he was entrusted by the Berluti house with the succession of Alessandro Sartori at the head of the artistic direction, to which he remained until April 2018, replaced by Kris Van Assche.

Shobushi Kanji

Shobushi was the first wrestler confirmed to have been infected with the virus. 

Shobushi died on May 13, 2020 from the virus in Tokyo, aged 28.

Mackenzie Davis

Mackenzie Davis (born April 1, 1987) is a Canadian actress. From 2014 to 2017, she starred as computer programmer Cameron Howe in the television series "Halt and Catch Fire". 

She also co-starred in the "San Junipero" episode of the television series "Black Mirror". In 2019, she starred as the super-soldier Grace in "".

Mallappally Marthoma Church

Mallappally Marthoma Church is a Malankara Mar Thoma church located at Keezhvaipur , Mallappally, Pathanamthitta, Kerala, India. Mar Thoma Church is part of Malankara Church. Mallappally Mar Thoma Church belongs to the Kottayam Kochi Diocese of Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church. 
This is one of the oldest churches in Kerala.

1834 July 13

1965 March 25

Darby's Rangers (1958 movie)

Darby's Rangers (released in the UK as The Young Invaders) is a 1958 American World War II drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and is based on the 1945 novel by Major James J. Altieri. It stars James Garner, Jack Warden, Edd Byrnes, Stuart Whitman, Murray Hamilton, Etchika Choureau and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Seychelle Gabriel

Seychelle Suzanne Gabriel (born March 25, 1991) is an American actress. She played Lourdes Delgado in "Falling Skies" (2011–2014) and voiced Asami Sato in "The Legend of Korra" (2012–2014). She also appeared in "The Spirit" (2008), "The Last Airbender" (2010), "Honey 2" (2011), "Sleight" (2016), and "Blood Fest" (2018).

One Little Indian (movie)

One Little Indian is a 1973 American family western comedy movie directed by Bernard McEveety and starring James Garner, Vera Miles, Pat Hingle, Morgan Woodward, Jodie Foster, Robert Pine, Bruce Glover, Andrew Prine. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Brian Alexander (basketball)

Brian LaWan Alexander (August 26, 1975 – May 15, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He played for Salon Vilpas in 1998. His career began 2003. He played college basketball at the University of Detroit Mercy. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Alexander died on May 15, 2020 in Denver, Colorado of a heart attack, aged 44.He is survived by his Children

Denny DeMarchi

Denny DeMarchi (28 November 1962 – 15 May 2020) was a Canadian multi-instrumental musician and singer-songwriter. He was born in Toronto.

He was a tour musician for the well-known Irish band The Cranberries during their reunion tour (2009–11). DeMarchi was also known for his role as the keyboardist who played the signature keyboard notes for the popular 1990 No. 1 Billboard hit song "More Than Words Can Say" by the band Alias.

DeMarchi died on 15 May 2020 of cancer at the age of 57.

United Left (Spain)

United Left ( , IU) is a political coalition that was created in 1986, bringing together several left-wing political organizations.

IU was founded as an electoral coalition of seven parties, but the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) is the only remaining member of the IU at the national level. It is currently part of Unidas Podemos.

Tough Guys

Tough Guys is a 1986 American action comedy movie directed by Jeff Kanew and starring Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Eli Wallach, Dana Carvey, Charles Durning, Darlanne Fluegel. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


José Cutileiro

José Cutileiro (20 November 1934 – 17 May 2020) was a Portuguese diplomat and writer. Cutileiro was born in Évora, Portugal.

He was a representative to the Council of Europe. He was the Secretary General of the Western European Union (WEU) from 1994 to 1999. He was an envoy to the UN Commissioner for Human Rights in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia. He was on the faculty of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. 

Cutileiro died on 17 May 2020 at a hospital in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 85.

Du Wei (diplomat)

Du Wei (; 2 October 1962 – 17 May 2020) was a Chinese diplomat. He was Ambassador to Ukraine from 2016 until 2019 and Ambassador to Israel from February 2020 until May 2020. Du was born in China's Shandong province.

Du was found dead in his Herziliya, Israel apartment on 17 May 2020, aged 57. His death is not being treated as suspicious but is being investigated. 

His death came in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic, and only a few days after Du published an op-ed in the "Jerusalem Post" protesting American Vice President Mike Pence's visit to Israel attempting to persuade the Israeli government to limit its relationship with China. 

Monique Mercure

Marie Lise Monique Émond (14 November 1930 – 17 May 2020), better known as Monique Mercure, was a Canadian actress. In 1977, Mercure won a Cannes Film Festival Award and a Canadian Film Award for her role in the movie "J.A. Martin Photographer". She also starred as Fadela in the 1991 movie "Naked Lunch".

Mercure died in hospice care in Montreal on 17 May 2020 from throat cancer, aged 89.

The Life of Agustín Lara

The Life of Agustín Lara () is a 1959 Mexican musical movie directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Pilar Pellicer, Germán Robles, Lorena Velázquez, Ofelia Montesco, Tito Junco, Antonio Prieto, Sara Montes, Fanny Schiller. It was distributed by Promex.

Valérie Plante

Valérie Plante (born June 14, 1974) is a Canadian politician. She is the 45th and current Mayor of Montreal since 2017. She was first elected to Montreal City Council in 2013. Plante became leader of the Projet Montréal party in December 2016.

Plante was born in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec. She studied at Université de Montréal.

Gérald Tremblay

Gérald Tremblay (born September 20, 1942) is a Canadian politician and businessman. He was Mayor of Montreal from 2002 until his resignation in 2012. He also was president of the Montreal Metropolitan Community. 

Tremblay resigned as Mayor on November 5, 2012 after people accused him of corruption.

Kennedy Stewart (Canadian politician)

Edward Charles Kennedy Stewart (born November 8, 1966) is a Canadian politician and academic. He was the 40th mayor of Vancouver from 2018 to 2022. He was the member of Parliament (MP) for the riding of Burnaby—Douglas (2011–2015) and Burnaby South (2015–2018). He was in the House of Commons as a member of the New Democratic Party (NDP) caucus.

Philip Owen

Owen died of complications related to Parkinson's disease on September 30, 2021. He was 88 years old.

Gabbie Hanna

Gabrielle Jeannette Hanna (born February 7, 1991) is an American Internet personality, singer-songwriter, writer and actress. She was born in New Castle, Pennsylvania.

Hanna started her career on Vine, under the name The Gabbie Show, then started a YouTube channel with the same name a year later; both were nominated for awards. She won a Streamy Award for storyteller in 2018. She made her debut single "Out Loud" (2017).


Roger Vivier

Roger Henri Vivier (November 13 1907 – 2 October 1998) was a French fashion designer who specialized in shoes.

Born on November 13, 1903 in Paris, France and died on October 2, 1998 in Toulouse, France. His best-known creation was the stiletto heel.

Orphan at the age of nine, Vivier studied sculpture at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris and his compositions show a concern for form and texture characteristic of a sculptor. His best-known creation is the stiletto heel, which he shares in the creation authorship with Charles Jourdan.

In 1937, he opened his first store on rue Royale in Paris and worked for Elsa Schiaparelli. After several years in New York, he designed shoes for the Christian Dior collections, then collaborated with Yves Saint Laurent, Pierre Balmain, Nina Ricci, Guy Laroche.

In 1970, hippie fashion inspired her waders that Brigitte Bardot and young women in miniskirts adopted. In 1985, he opened a boutique on Madison Avenue, in New York, and another in Japan in 1991.

In 1997, he even became artistic director of Myrys. Over the years, he has created custom models for such famous personalities as Josephine Baker, Jeanne Moreau, Catherine Deneuve, and the Beatles.

Vine (service)

Vine () was an American short-form video hosting service where users shared six-second-long, looping video clip's. It was founded in June 2012. Twitter bought it in October 2012, before its launch on January 24, 2013. 

Videos were published through Vine's social network, and could be shared on other platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. The Vine app could be used to browse videos, along with groups of videos by theme, and "trending" videos. Vine competed with other social-media services such as Instagram and Mobli.

By December 2015, Vine had 200 million active users. On October 27, 2016, Twitter announced it would disable uploads, but viewing and download would continue to work. 

On January 20, 2017, Twitter launched an Internet archive of all Vine videos, allowing people to watch previously uploaded videos. The archive was discontinued in 2019.

Lucky Peterson

Lucky Peterson (born Judge Kenneth Peterson; December 13, 1964 – May 17, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He played contemporary blues, fusing soul, R&B, gospel and rock and roll. He played guitar and keyboards. Peterson was born in Buffalo, New York. His best known albums were "You Can Always Turn Around", "Live at the 55 Arts Club Berlin" and "Deep Down".

Peterson died on May 17, 2020 at a hospital in Dallas, Texas at the age of 55.

Chloe Bennet

Chloe Wang (; born April 18, 1992), known professionally as Chloe Bennet, is an American actress and singer. She is known for her role as Daisy Johnson on the television series "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (2013–2020). She was born in Chicago.

Yuri Zisser

Yuri Zisser (, June 28, 1960 – May 17, 2020) was a Ukrainian-born Belarusian web businessman and blogger. He was the founder and owner of TUT.BY. the most visited Belarusian web portal. Zisser was born in Lviv, Ukraine. In 1987 he moved to Minsk, Belarus. In 1992, created the company "Nadezhnye programmy" (). He was born in Lviv, Ukraine.

Zisser died of stomach cancer on May 17, 2020 in Minsk at the age of 59.

An Adventuress

An Adventuress is a 1920 American drama movie directed by Fred J. Balshofer and starring Rudolph Valentino, Julian Eltinge, Virginia Rappe, Leo White. It was distributed by Republic Distributing Corporation.


Maciej Giertych

Maciej Marian Giertych (, born March 24, 1936) is a Polish dendrologist and social conservative politician. He is a member of the League of Polish Families (LPR). He was a member of the Sejm between 2001 and 2004 and a Polish member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009. 

He was a candidate for President of Poland in the 2005 elections, but withdrew from the race because of low vote results (circa 3%). 

Leszek Moczulski

Robert Leszek Moczulski (born 7 June 1930) is a Polish historian and politician. He was a member of many government organizations as a critic of communism. From 1993 to 1997, he was a member of Sejm. He is a member of the Confederation of Independent Poland. Moczulski was born in Warsaw.

Amistad (movie)

Amistad is a 1997 American historical drama movie directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on the true story of the events in 1839 aboard the slave ship "La Amistad". It stars Morgan Freeman, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, and Matthew McConaughey. David Franzoni's screenplay was based on the book "" (1987). 

"Amistad" received mainly positive reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie receives an approval rating of 77% based on reviews from 64 critics.

"Amistad" was nominated for Academy Awards in four categories: Best Supporting Actor (Anthony Hopkins), Best Original Dramatic Score (John Williams), Best Cinematography (Janusz Kamiński), and Best Costume Design (Ruth E. Carter).

Geno Silva

Geno Silva (January 20, 1948 – May 9, 2020) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as The Skull, Alejandro Sosa's silent hitman in "Scarface" (1983). He also starred as Ruiz in the Academy Award-nominated movie "Amistad" (1997). Silva was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. His career lasted from 1974 to 2007.

Silva died on May 9, 2020 in Los Angeles from frontotemporal dementia-related problems, aged 72.

Radica Games

Radica Games Limited is an American company that makes electronic games. It was founded in 1983. It started by making electronic souvenir games for casinos. In the late 1990s, it became known for its "Bass Fishin" line of games. On October 3, 2006, Mattel, Inc. () announced they now own Radica. Radica still makes electronic handheld games based on casino or card games, but now also makes toys, board games, and video game accessories.

Product lines under Radica, past and present, include:


Lesley Manville

Lesley Ann Manville (born 12 March 1956) is an English actress. She was born in Brighton, Sussex, England. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Phantom Thread" (2017). Manville also starred as Penny "All or Nothing" (2002). She also starred as Flittle in "Maleficent (2014).

Manville was married to Gary Oldman from 1987 until they divorced in 1990. They have a son, Alfie. 


Gugu Mbatha-Raw

Gugulethu "Gugu" Sophia Mbatha-Raw (; born 21 April 1983) is an English actress. She was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire.

She starred as Tish Jones in the science-fiction series "Doctor Who" (2007). Her leading performance as the main character in Jessica Swale's 2015 play "Nell Gwynn". She also appeared in "Beauty and the Beast" (2017), "A Wrinkle in Time" (2018), and "Misbehaviour" (2020).

She also starred as Hannah Shoenfeld on Apple TV+ drama series "The Morning Show" (2019). 

Afraid of the Dark

Afraid of the Dark is a 1991 French British drama movie directed by Mark Peploe and starring James Fox, Clare Holman, Fanny Ardant, Paul McGann, Robert Stephens, Susan Wooldridge, David Thewlis, Catriona MacColl, Hilary Mason, Niven Boyd, Gwyneth Strong, Laurence Harrington, Frederick Treves. 


Next New Zealand general election

The next New Zealand general election will be held after the current 54th New Zealand Parliament is dissolved or expires. The current Parliament was elected on Saturday, 14 October 2023. The last possible date for the election to be held is Saturday, 19 December 2026.
She Devil

She Devil is a 1957 American science fiction horror movie directed by Kurt Neumann and based on the short story The Adaptive Ultimate by Stanley G. Weinbaum. It stars Jack Kelly, Mari Blanchard, Albert Dekker, John Archer, Fay Baker. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Marama Davidson

Marama Mere-Ana Davidson (née Paratene; born 29 December 1973) is a New Zealand politician. She became a member of the New Zealand parliament in 2015 as a representative of the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand. She is also the female co-leader of the Green Party.

Counsellor at Law

Counsellor at Law is a 1933 American drama movie directed by William Wyler and is based on the play of the same name by Elmer Rice. It stars John Barrymore, Melvyn Douglas, Bebe Daniels, Doris Kenyon, Thelma Todd, Onslow Stevens, Vincent Sherman and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Jim Oberweis

James D. Oberweis (born June 10, 1946) is an American businessman, investment manager and politician. He is the owner of Oberweis Dairy in North Aurora near Chicago. He was a member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 25th district from 2013 until 2021.

Oberweis ran for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate in 2002 and 2004 and the Republican nomination for Governor of Illinois in 2006.

He was the Republican nominee for Illinois's 14th congressional district in a March 2008 special election and the November 2008 general election, losing on both occasions to Democrat Bill Foster.

He was first elected to the Illinois Senate in 2012. He ran for the U.S. Senate again in 2014, losing to Democratic incumbent Dick Durbin.

Oberweis announced he would run again for Illinois's 14th congressional district, challenging Lauren Underwood. On March 17, 2020, he won the Republican nomination. He lost the election by a narrow margin in November 2020.

Jeanne Ives

Jeanne M. Ives (née Remmes, born October 4, 1964) is an American Republican politician. She was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 42nd district from 2013 to 2019. 

She ran in the Republican primary in the 2018 Illinois gubernatorial election, almost beating incumbent Governor Bruce Rauner.

She is a candidate in the 2020 election for United States House of Representatives in Illinois's 6th congressional district, running against Democrat Sean Casten. On March 17, she won the Republican primary.

Norfolk, Nebraska

Norfolk ( or ) is a city in Madison County, Nebraska, United States. It is 113 miles northwest of Omaha and 83 miles west of Sioux City. The population was 24,955 at the 2020 census, making it the eighth-largest city in Nebraska. 

Madison, Nebraska

Madison is a city in and the county seat of Madison County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,283 at the 2020 census.

Liz Sheridan

Elizabeth Ann Sheridan (April 10, 1929 – April 15, 2022) was an American actress and dancer. She was born in Rye, New York. She was best known for her role as Jerry's mother in "Seinfeld". She also played Edna Gordon in the 2009 romantic comedy "Play the Game". She also played Raquel on "ALF".

Sheridan died on April 15, 2022 from natural causes, five days after her 93rd birthday.

ALF (TV series)

ALF is an American sitcom television series that aired on NBC from September 22, 1986, to March 24, 1990.

The title character is Gordon Shumway, a sarcastic, friendly alien nicknamed ALF, who crash-lands in the garage of the suburban middle-class Tanner family.

The series stars Max Wright as father Willie Tanner, Anne Schedeen as mother Kate Tanner, and Andrea Elson and Benji Gregory as their children, Lynn and Brian Tanner. ALF was performed by puppeteer Paul Fusco, who co-created the show with Tom Patchett.

"ALF" originally ran for four seasons and made 99 episodes. The series ended with an unresolved cliffhanger, but the later TV movie, "Project ALF", gave a series finale for the franchise.

In August 2018, Warner Bros. Television announced development of an "ALF" reboot. These plans were cancelled in November 2018.

Rye Brook, New York

Rye Brook is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States, within the town of Rye. The population was 10,047 at the 2020 census.

Rye (town), New York

Rye is a town in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 49,613 at the 2020 census. It is a separate town from the city of Rye. 

Mamaroneck (village), New York

Mamaroneck is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 20,151 at the 2020 census. It is located partially within the town of Mamaroneck and partially within the town of Rye. 

The portion in Rye is unofficially called "Rye Neck". 

Cornish, New Hampshire

Cornish is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,616 at the 2020 census.

Brentwood, New Hampshire

Brentwood is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a total population of 4,490. Brentwood has been the county seat of Rockingham County since 1997.

Newport, New Hampshire

Newport is a town in and the county seat of Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. It is west-northwest of Concord. The population was 6,299 at the 2020 census.

Bennington, Vermont

Bennington is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, in the United States. It is one of two shire towns (county seats) of the county, the other being Manchester.
The population is 15,333, as of the 2020 US Census.
Bennington is the most populous town in southern Vermont.

Manchester, Vermont

Manchester is a town in, and one of two shire towns (county seats) of, Bennington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 4,484 at the 2020 census.

St. Johnsbury, Vermont

St. Johnsbury (known locally as "St. J") is the shire town (county seat) of Caledonia County, Vermont, United States. The population was 7,364 at the 2020 census.
St. Johnsbury is located about northwest of the Connecticut River and south of the Canada-U.S. border.

Guildhall, Vermont

Guildhall is a town in and the shire town (county seat) of Essex County, Vermont, United States. The population was 262 at the 2020 census.
According to a large sign in the town center, it is the only town in the world with that name.

Guildhall is part of the Berlin, NH–VT Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Hyde Park, Vermont

Hyde Park, Vermont, may refer to:


Hyde Park (town), Vermont

Hyde Park is a town in and the shire town (county seat) of Lamoille County, Vermont, United States. The population was 3,020 at the 2020 census.
There is also a village of the same name within the town.

Hyde Park (village), Vermont

Hyde Park is a village in the Town of Hyde Park, Lamoille County, Vermont, United States. The population was 410 at the 2020 census.

Wyoming Outlaw

Wyoming Outlaw is a 1939 American western movie directed by George Sherman and starring John Wayne, Ray Corrigan, Raymond Hatton, Don 'Red' Barry, Jack Ingram, LeRoy Mason, Elmo Lincoln, Yakima Canutt. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


North Hyde Park, Vermont

North Hyde Park is an unincorporated village in the town of Hyde Park, Lamoille County, Vermont, United States. It is also a census-designated place, with 403 people in 2020.

The community is located along Vermont Route 100 and the Gihon River north of Morrisville. North Hyde Park has a post office with ZIP code 05665, which opened on May 29, 1839.

Morrisville, Vermont

Morrisville is a village in Morristown, Lamoille County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village population was 2,086.

Morristown, Vermont

Morristown is a town in Lamoille County, in the U.S. state of Vermont. The population was 5,434 at the 2020 census. Morristown is the largest town by population in Lamoille County.

The Man from Utah

The Man from Utah is a 1934 American western movie directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, Polly Anne Young, Yakima Canutt, George Cleveland. It was distributed by Monogram Pictures.


Chelsea, Vermont

Chelsea is a town in and the shire town (county seat)
of Orange County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,233 at the 2020 census.

Woodstock, Vermont

Woodstock is the shire town (county seat) of Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 3,048.

Woodstock (village), Vermont

Woodstock is an incorporated village located within the town of Woodstock in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village population was 900.

The Lucky Texan

The Lucky Texan is a 1934 American western movie directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, Barbara Sheldon, Lloyd Whitlock, George "Gabby" Hayes, Yakima Canutt, Earl Dwine. It was distributed by Monogram Pictures.


A Farewell to Arms (1932 movie)

A Farewell to Arms is a 1932 movie directed by Frank Borzage and is based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemmingway. It stars Gary Cooper, Helen Hayes, Adolphe Menjou, Jack La Rue and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1934 and was remade in 1957 as "A Farewell to Arms".


Growth capital

Growth capital is a type of private equity investment.

It is usually provided to already mature businesses for them to be able to develop more, such as to expand or to enter new markets.

Ninotchka

Ninotchka is a 1939 American romantic comedy movie directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Greta Garbo, Melvyn Douglas, Ina Claire, Felix Bressart, Bela Lugosi, Gregory Gaye. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1940. It was remade as "Silk Stockings" in 1957.


The Zimmer Twins

The Zimmer Twins is a Canadian animated series and website. The project was made by producer Jason Krogh and artist Aaron Leighton and is made by Lost the Plot Productions Inc. Some animations made by users of the website are made into shorts that are shown on Teletoon. Les Jumeaux Zimmer is the version of the television series and website in French.

"The Zimmer Twins" is known for its unique format, which allows users to join in online to get their work to be shown on television. Children are invited to make and share 1-minute animated episodes using a story editor and library of animation. The audience creates endings to short "story-starters" that are professionally produced. Children tell their stories by choosing actions, characters, props and backgrounds. They can also add their own dialog and on-screen text. New clips are sometimes added.

The first Zimmer Twins website came out on March 14, 2005. The television series was first shown on Teletoon in May 2005. 60 episodes (30 in English and 30 in French) were made and shown in the 2005/2006 Canadian television season. By the end of the first season, over 50,000 users had made over 100,000 episodes. A major change to the website happened on July 1, 2006. 120 episodes were shown in the 2006/2007 Canadian television season, and 32 episodes were shown in the 2007/2008 Canadian television season. The website's amount of users passed 200,000 on November 5, 2011.

In 2008, the online audience voted to select the three most popular movies made by users. The winners' movies were in a half-hour awards show special that was shown on September 26, 2008 in English and September 20, 2008 in French. An Australian Zimmer Twins was made from 2006–2009, featuring James Arnold as Edgar, Alisa Koverick as Eva, and Luke as 13, and an American Zimmer Twins was made from 2007-2010, featuring James Arnold Taylor as Edgar, Lacey Chabert as Eva, and Seth Green as 13.




In Old Arizona

In Old Arizona is a 1928 American western movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Warner Baxter, Edmund Lowe, Dorothy Burgess. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1930.


Out of Season

Out of Season is a 1975 British drama movie directed by Alan Bridges and starring Vanessa Redgrave, Cliff Robertson, Susan George, Frank Jarvis. It was distributed by Lorimar Productions.

Félicien Kabuga

Félicien Kabuga (born 19 July 1935) is a Rwandan businessman. He is accused of participating in the Rwandan genocide. He was born in Muniga, Ruanda-Urundi.

On 29 August 1998, the prosecutor of the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Carla Del Ponte, indicted Kabuga. In the amended indictment, Kabuga was charged with conspiracy to commit genocide, genocide and extermination as a crime against humanity. He shortly went into hiding as a fugitive.

Kabuga, aged 84, was captured in Asnières-sur-Seine, near Paris, France, on 16 May 2020 after 26 years as a fugitive.

Munir Mangal

Munir Mohamad Mangal (1950 – May 2, 2020) was an Afghan general. His professional military career lasted more than 40 years. Mangal was in high-level military and government positions. He was the Commander of the Afghan National Police, before his retirement in 2016.

Mangal was born in Samkanay District, Paktia Province, Afghanistan, in 1950.

Mangal died from COVID-19 at his home in Kabul on May 2, 2020, at the age of 70. 

Marko Elsner

Marko Elsner (11 April 1960 – 18 May 2020) was a Slovenian footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Ljubljana, FPR Yugoslavia. He played 14 games for the Yugoslav national team between 1984 and 1988. He also played for the Slovenian national team from 1992 to 1993. 

Elsner died on 18 May 2020 in Ljubljana from a long-illness on 18 May 2020, aged 60.

Mahabodhi Temple

The Mahabodhi Temple (literally: "Great Awakening Temple") or the Mahabodhi Mahavihar, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is an ancient, but much rebuilt and restored, Buddhist temple in Bodh Gaya, marking the location where the Buddha is said to have attained enlightenment. The site contains a descendant of the Bodhi Tree under which Buddha gained enlightenment, and has been a major pilgrimage destination for Hindus and Buddhists for well over two thousand years, and some elements probably date to the period of Ashoka (died c. 232 BCE). It is the ""National Buddhist temple of India"" respectively.

Rawhead Rex

Rawhead Rex is a 1986 British Irish horror movie directed by George Pavlou and starring David Dukes, Kelly Piper, Niall Toibin, Niall O'Brien, Hugh O'Connor, Donal McCann. It was distributed by Empire Pictures.


Health (movie)

HealtH (also known as Health and H.E.A.L.T.H.) is a 1980 American comedy movie directed by Robert Altman and stars Carol Burnett, Glenda Jackson, James Garner, Lauren Bacall, Paul Dooley, Alfre Woodard, Dick Cavett, Dinah Shore. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was never released on home video.


Antonomasia

Antonomasia is a kind of metonymy when you use a short phrase instead of something's name. For example, saying "The Big Apple" instead of New York City.

Jens Reich

Jens Georg Reich (born 26 March 1939) is a German scientist, activist and politician. He was born in Göttingen, Province of Hanover. He is a member of the German Ethics Council. He has become famous as a civil rights campaigner in the last years of the German Democratic Republic (GDR). 

In 1994, he ran for President of Germany. He lost in the 1st round after winning 62 votes.

Recycling symbol

The recycling symbol is an internationally declared symbol of recycling. It can be found on products.

Gary Anderson created the symbol in 1970.

Knox County, Ohio

Knox County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 62,721 people lived there. The county seat is Mount Vernon.

Madison County, Ohio

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 43,824 people lived there. The county seat is London.

Morgan County, Ohio

Morgan County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 13,802 people lived there. The county seat is McConnelsville.

Noble County, Ohio

Noble County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 14,115 people lived there. The county seat is Caldwell.

Marion County, Ohio

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 65,359 people lived there. The county seat is Marion.

The county was founded on May 1, 1824 and is named for General Francis "The Swamp Fox" Marion, a South Carolinian officer in the Revolutionary War.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.1%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Ohio by total area.


The 2020 United States Census says that there were 65,359 people, 24,932 households, and 16,035 families living in the county.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 66,501 people, 24,691 households, and 16,837 families living in the county.





Figure-eight

A figure eight is anything that is in the shape of the number 8 or the infinity symbol ∞.

Movement in the shape of a figure eight is done in ice skating, auto racing, sailing, horse riding, and dancing. Some roller coasters are shaped like a figure eight.

A figure-eight knot is a type of knot in knot theory. Another type of figure-eight knot, and the similar figure-eight loop and figure-eight bend, can be tied on a rope.

Paulding County, Ohio

Paulding County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 18,806 people lived there. The county seat is Paulding.

George Mikell

George Mikell (born Jurgis Mikelaitis; 4 April 1929 – 12 May 2020) was a Lithuanian-Australian actor and writer. He was best known for his roles as Schutzstaffel (SS) officers in "The Guns of Navarone" (1961) and "The Great Escape" (1963). Mikell has appeared in over 30 British and American movies from 1957 until his retirement in the early 2000s. Mikell was born in Bildeniai, Tauragė district, Lithuania.

Mikell died on 12 May 2020 in London, aged 91.


Perry County, Ohio

Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 35,408 people lived there. The county seat is New Lexington.

Rosa Speer

Rosa Nell Powell (née Speer; September 22, 1922 – May 16, 2017) was an American southern gospel singer who sang with the well-known Speer Family. She was born in Double Springs, Alabama, the second child (and oldest daughter) of George Thomas "GT" Speer and Lena (née Brock) Speer (known to most people in Southern gospel music as "Dad" and "Mom" Speer), who led and helped founded the family group.

Speer began singing with the group at age 3, and eventually became the singing group's pianist. Along with her parents, she performed with her brothers, Jackson Brock and Ben Lacy, and sister, Mary Tom. She continued to perform with the group/family until 1948, when she left to get married. Eventually Speer-Powell would return decades later to perform sporadically with the group (till its end in 1997), and sometimes with the Gaither Homecoming Series as well. Speer was inducted into the Southern Gospel Music Association in 2005.

Speer married Edwin Powell in 1948. He died in May, 1979.

Speer-Powell died on May 16, 2017. She was 94 years old. A pioneer of the Gaither homecoming, she left behind 3 kids and grandkids.


COVID-19 pandemic in Lithuania

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Lithuania in February 2020. 

On 18 March 2020, the first domestic case was confirmed, the first infected being an immediate family member of a known case. The first cases of community spread were found in the country on 19 March and the first related death happened on 20 March 2020.

The Lithuanian government initially declared quarantine from 16 March to 30 March, but it was extended many times and was set to end on 31 May.

Putnam County, Ohio

Putnam County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 34,451 people lived there. The county seat is Ottawa.

Chatham County, Georgia

Chatham County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia, and is on the state's Atlantic coast. The county seat and largest city is Savannah. The county was created on February 5, 1777, and is named after William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.

At the 2020 census, 295,291 people lived in Chatham County. This makes it the sixth-most populous county in Georgia, and the most-populous Georgia county outside the Atlanta metropolitan area. It is part of the Savannah metropolitan area.

Giorgio Kutufà

Giorgio Kutufà (April 10, 1948 – May 13, 2020) was an Italian Democratic Party politician. He was the President of the Province of Livorno from June 13, 2004, to October 14, 2014. He also was in the Regional Council of Tuscany from 1985 to 1995. He was born in Livorno.

Kutufà died on May 13, 2020 in Livorno, aged 72.

Fred Gray (attorney)

Fred David Gray (born December 14, 1930) is an American civil rights attorney, preacher and activist. He was in charge of many major civil rights cases in Alabama, including some that reached the United States Supreme Court for rulings. He was the President of the National Bar Association in 1985, and in 2001 was elected as the first African-American President of the Alabama State Bar.

From 1971 to 2015, he was a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives. He was born in Montgomery, Alabama.

James Weldon Johnson

James Weldon Johnson (June 17, 1871June 26, 1938) was an American writer and civil rights activist. He was married to civil rights activist Grace Nail Johnson. Johnson was a leader of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). He started working there in 1917. In 1920, he was the first African American to be the executive secretary of the organization. This made him the person in charge. Johnson held that position from 1920 to 1930. As a writer, he was known during the Harlem Renaissance for his poems and his novel. He also has a collection of both poems and spirituals of black culture. He wrote the lyrics for "Lift Every Voice and Sing". This was later known as the Negro National Anthem. The music for the song was written by his younger brother, composer J. Rosamond Johnson.

Johnson was the U.S. consul in Venezuela and Nicaragua for most of the period from 1906 to 1913. In 1934. he was the first African-American professor to be hired at New York University. Later in life, he was a professor at Fisk University, a historically black university.

COVID-19 pandemic in Armenia

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Armenia on 1 March 2020 when its first case was confirmed. The disease, coronavirus disease 2019 (), caused by a new virus known as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (), has spread to all of the regions (marz) of Armenia.

Armenia suspended visa-free travel for Chinese citizens since 1 February, shortly after it pushed a 90-day visa-free regime on 19 January. Citizens of Iran could no longer receive a visa on arrival either. 

Passengers who had been to most of Europe, as well as Japan and South Korea, within the past 14 days, were no longer allowed to enter Armenia. The border of Armenia with the Republic of Artsakh was also closed in order to prevent the virus from spreading.

Before the virus was confirmed to have arrived in Armenia, 118 tests were performed in February with negative results.

Banks County, Georgia

Banks County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 18,035 people lived there. The county seat is Homer.

Willy Schmidt

Willy Schmidt (29 October 1926 – 15 May 2020) was a Dutch footballer. He was born in Alkmaar, North Holland. He played for FC Eindhoven from 1951 to 1956, AFC Ajax from 1956 to 1959 and for Fortuna Sittard from 1959 to 1960.

Schmidt died on 15 May 2020 in Almere, Flevoland at the age of 93.

Hoffmann-La Roche

F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG is a Swiss multinational healthcare company. It operates worldwide under two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. Its holding company, Roche Holding AG, has bearer shares listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. The company headquarters are located in Basel.

The company controls the American biotechnology company Genentech. Roche's revenues during fiscal year 2018 were 56.85 billion Swiss francs, or about US$57 billion. Roche is the second-largest pharmaceutical company worldwide.

Fritz Gerber

Fritz Gerber (22 March 1929 – 10 May 2020) was a Swiss business executive and philanthropist. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Hoffmann-La Roche from 1978 to 1998. From 1977 to 1991, he was also the CEO of Zurich Insurance Group. He was born in Huttwil, Switzerland.

Gerber had a stroke on 9 May 2020 and died the next day, aged 91.

Surfside, Florida

Surfside is a town in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 5,689.

No-One but You (Only the Good Die Young)

"No-One But You (Only the Good Die Young)" is the only song recorded by the remaining three members of the British rock band Queen in 1997 following the death of the lead singer Freddie Mercury in 1991. 

Guitarist Brian May—the writer of the song—and drummer Roger Taylor share lead vocals. The song was released on the album "Queen Rocks" and it was also released as a double a-side single with "Tie Your Mother Down".

The song came after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales in August 1997, but is largely a eulogy to Freddie Mercury. It was dedicated to Mercury and all those who die too soon. It was originally written for a potential Brian May solo project. He sent the demo of the song to Roger Taylor and forgot about it.

Included in Queen’s "Greatest Hits III", the song featured only the remaining three members of the band. This was also the last recording to feature bass guitarist John Deacon, who retired from public life. This was the last original Queen release until the 2014 release "Queen Forever".

Who Wants to Live Forever

"Who Wants to Live Forever" is a song by the British rock band Queen. It is the sixth track on the album "A Kind of Magic", which was released in June 1986, and was written by lead guitarist Brian May for the soundtrack to the movie "Highlander". 

The song peaked at No. 24 in the UK charts. In 1991 it was included in the band’s "Greatest Hits II".

In 2014, "Rolling Stone" readers voted it their fifth favourite song by Queen.

Flash (Queen song)

"Flash" is a song by the British rock band Queen. Written by guitarist Brian May, "Flash" is the theme song of the 1980 movie "Flash Gordon".

There are two versions of the song. 

Flash is sung as a duet between Freddie Mercury and Brian May, with Roger Taylor adding the high harmonies. May plays all of the instruments except for the rhythm section.

On the U.S. charts, "Flash's Theme aka Flash" reached #42 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It peaked at #39 on the "Cash Box" Top 100. It fared much better in Europe, where it was a Top 10 hit in most nations, including #1 in Austria.

Flash Gordon (movie)

Flash Gordon is a 1980 space opera movie based on the King Features comic strip of the same name created by Alex Raymond. It is directed by Mike Hodges and produced by Dino De Laurentiis. It stars Sam J. Jones, Melody Anderson, Topol, Max von Sydow, Timothy Dalton, Brian Blessed, Tony Scannell and Ornella Muti with Peter Wyngarde. 

Although a box office success in the United Kingdom, it performed poorly in other markets. The movie is known for its soundtrack composed, performed and produced by the rock band Queen.

Ornella Muti

Ornella Muti (born Francesca Romana Rivelli; 9 March 1955) is an Italian actress. She is known for her role as Princess Aura in the 1980 cult classic "Flash Gordon".

Mike Hodges

Michael Tommy "Mike" Hodges (29 July 1932 — 17 December 2022) was an English screenwriter, movie director, playwright and novelist. His best known movies were "Get Carter" (1971), "Pulp" (1972), "The Terminal Man" (1974) and "Black Rainbow" (1989); as director, his movies include "Flash Gordon" (1980), "Croupier" (1998) and "I'll Sleep When I'm Dead" (2003).

Hodges was born in Bristol.


Get Carter

Get Carter is a 1971 British crime movie directed by Mike Hodges and starring Michael Caine, Ian Hendry, Britt Ekland, John Osborne and Bryan Mosley. It was filmed in and around Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead and County Durham.

The movie is about a London gangster, Jack Carter (Caine), who travels back to his home town to discover more about his brother Frank's supposedly accidental death. Suspecting foul play, and with vengeance on his mind, he investigates.

On its release "Get Carter" received no awards. It was made popular by Quentin Tarantino and Guy Ritchie. In 1999, "Get Carter" was ranked 16th on the BFI Top 100 British films of the 20th century. 

"Get Carter" was remade in 2000 by Warner Bros. under the same title, with Sylvester Stallone starring as Jack Carter, with Caine in a supporting role. 

Ebenezer Scrooge

Ebenezer Scrooge () is the main fictional character of Charles Dickens' 1843 novel, "A Christmas Carol". 

At the beginning of the novel, Scrooge is a cold-hearted mean businessman who hates Christmas. He is soon visited by three spirits (the Ghost of Christmas Past, the Ghost of Christmas Present, and the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come) who want to save him from going to hell. 

Scrooge's last name has become byword for selfish or not being generous, while his catchphrase, "Bah! Humbug!" is often used to show hatred towards Christmas traditions.

He was inspired by a Dutch gravedigger.

Dr. Evil

Dr. Evil (Douglas "Dougie" Powers) is a fictional character played by Mike Myers in the "Austin Powers" movie series. He is the main villain of the movies, and Austin Powers' nemesis. 

He is a parody of James Bond villains, mainly Ernst Stavro Blofeld (as played by Donald Pleasence). Dr. Evil wants to terrorize and take over the world. His sidekick Mini-Me, is a dwarf clone of himself.

Myers revived the character for three occassions: a brief appearance on the December 20, 2014 episode of "Saturday Night Live," "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" in a sketch where Dr. Evil has been fired from President Trump's cabinet, and a General Motors 2022 Super Bowl ad, "EVil Is Back For Good".

Shelby County, Ohio

Shelby County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 48,230 people lived there. The county seat is Sidney.

Vinton County, Ohio

Vinton County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 12,800 people lived there which makes it the smallest county by population in Ohio. The county seat is McArthur.

Wayne County, Ohio

Wayne County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 116,894 people lived there. The county seat is Wooster.

Dav Pilkey

David Murray "Dav" Pilkey Jr. (born March 4, 1966) is an American cartoonist, author and illustrator. He is famous for being the creator of the "Captain Underpants" series.

Wyandot County, Ohio

Wyandot County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 21,900 people lived there. The county seat is Upper Sandusky.

Paulding, Ohio

Paulding is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Paulding County.

Bartow County, Georgia

Bartow County is a county in northwestern Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 108,901 people lived there. The county seat is Cartersville.

Burke County, Georgia

Burke County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 24,596 people lived there. The county seat is Waynesboro.

Effingham County, Georgia

Effingham County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 64,769 people lived there. The county seat is Springfield.

Laurens County, Georgia

Laurens County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 49,570 people lived there. The county seat is Dublin.

Jasper County, Georgia

Jasper County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 14,588 people lived there. The county seat is Monticello.

Ben Hill County, Georgia

Ben Hill County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 17,194 people lived there. The county seat is Fitzgerald.

Berrien County, Georgia

Berrien County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 18,160 people lived there. The county seat is Nashville.

Clayton County, Georgia

Clayton County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 297,595 people lived there. The county seat is Jonesboro.

Echols County, Georgia

Echols County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 3,697 people lived there. The county seat is Statenville.

Quitman County, Georgia

Quitman County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 2,235 people lived there. The county seat is Georgetown.

Al Jieulia

Al Jieulia () is a village in Al Munirah District. It is in the Al Hudaydah Governorate. In 2004 census the population was 2363 people.


Al Arsh

Al Arsh () is a village in Az Zaydiyah District. It is in the Al Hudaydah Governorate. In 2004 census the population was 1819 people.


Al Araj

Al Araj () is a village in Bajil District. It is in the Al Hudaydah Governorate. In 2004 census the population was 2882 people.


Al Jalab (Sanaa)

Al Jalab () is a village in Al Haymah Ad Dakhiliyah District. It is in the Sanaa Governorate. In 2004 census the population was 1033 people. 

The Ox-Bow Incident

The Ox-Bow Incident is a 1943 American western movie. It was directed by William A. Wellman. The movie is based on the 1940 book of the same name by Walter Van Tilburg Clark. Actors include Henry Fonda, Dana Andrews, Mary Beth Hughes, Anthony Quinn, Jane Darwell, William Eythe, Harry Davenport, Frank Conroy, Willard Robertson, and Francis Ford. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944.


Saint-Paulet

Saint-Paulet is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Pierre-des-Champs

Saint-Pierre-des-Champs is a commune of 181 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Polycarpe

Saint-Polycarpe is a commune of 147 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sallèles-Cabardès

Sallèles-Cabardès is a commune of 119 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pickens County, Georgia

Pickens County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 33,216 people lived there. The county seat is Jasper.

Center, Nebraska

Center is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Knox County.

Nidovirales

Nidovirales is an order of viruses. It is carried by animals and humans. The order includes the families "Coronaviridae", "Arteriviridae," "Roniviridae," and "Mesoniviridae".

Nidoviruses are enveloped positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses. Their name comes from the Latin word "nidus", meaning nest, as all viruses in this order produce a 3' co-terminal nested set of subgenomic mRNAs during infection.

Al Kabs (Sanaa)

Al Kabs () is a village in Al Husn District. It is located in the sanaa Governorate, According to the 2004 census it had a population of 1300 people.


Al Munsifa (Jihanah)

Al Munsifa () is a village in Jihanah District. It is located in the sanaa Governorate, According to the 2004 census it had a population of 547 people.


Al Hanak

Al Hanak () is a village in Abs District. It is located in the Hajjah Governorate, According to the 2004 census it had a population of 110 people.


Lawna

Lawna () is a village in Hidaybu (Socotra-East) District. It is located in the Socotra Governorate, According to the 2004 census it had a population of 13 people.


Al Dahama (Dawan)

Al Dahama () is a village in Daw'an District. It is located in the Hadhramaut Governorate, According to the 2004 census, 250 people live there. 


Aqtan

Aqtan () is a village in Habil ar Raydah. It is located in the Lahij Governorate, According to the 2004 census, it had a population of 269 people.


Mahsan

Mahsan () is a village in Hidaybu (Socotra-East) District. It is located in the Socotra Governorate, According to the 2004 census it had a population of 21 people.


Bill Olner

William John Olner (9 May 1942 – 18 May 2020) was a British Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nuneaton from 1992 until 2010. He had been Leader of Nuneaton Borough Council. He was born in Atherstone, Warwickshire.

Olner died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Nuneaton, Warwickshire on 18 May 2020, at age 78.


Robinson projection

The Robinson Projection is a compromise between accuracy and the readability of the map on a flat surface. It shows the poles as lines, which accurately shows the high altitude lands and water to land ratio.

Ken Retzer

Kenneth Leo Retzer (April 30, 1934 – May 17, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He was a catcher in Major League Baseball for the Washington Senators from 1961 to 1964. Retzer batted left-handed, threw right-handed and was listed as tall and . He was born in Wood River, Illinois.

Retzer died at his home in Sun City, Arizona on May 17, 2020 at the age of 86.


Sun City, Arizona

Sun City is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, that is within the Phoenix metropolitan area. The population was 39,931 according to the 2020 census.

Los Angeles Police Department

The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD), officially the City of Los Angeles Police Department, is the police department of Los Angeles, California. With 9,974 officers and 3,036 civilian members, it is the third-largest municipal police department in the United States, after the New York City Police Department and the Chicago Police Department.

Tadashi Tokieda

Tokieda was born in Tokyo and grew up to be a painter. He then studied at Lycée Sainte-Marie Grand Lebrun in France as a philologist. He was able to teach himself basic mathematics from Russian problems. He is a 1989 graduate from Sophia University in Tokyo and has a 1991 bachelor's degree from Oxford in mathematics where he also studied. But he got his PhD at Princeton. He has been a part of the African Institute for Mathematical Sciences since it started in 2003. In 2004 he became the Director of Studies in Mathematics and in 2015–2016 he was a Distinguished Visiting Professor at Stanford. Some amazing facts about him are that he is fluent in Japanese, French, and English he also knows ancient Greek, Latin, classical Chinese, Finnish, Spanish, and Russian. Recently in March 2020, Tokieda was interviewed on The Joy of X, Steven Strogatz's podcast for Quanta Magazine.

He is known for studying Mathematical physics

Tokieda was awarded the Paul R. Halmos–Lester R. Ford Award in 2014.

Positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus

A positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus (or (+)ssRNA virus) is a virus which has positive sense single stranded RNA as its genetic material. They can be positive or negative. This depends on the polarity of the RNA. The positive-sense viral RNA genome can serve as messenger RNA and can be translated into protein in the host cell.

Many of the known viruses are positive-sense RNA viruses, including the hepacivirus C, West Nile virus, dengue virus, SARS and MERS coronaviruses, and SARS-CoV-2 as well as less serious pathogens such as the rhinoviruses that cause the common cold.

Berkeley Square (movie)

Berkeley Square is a 1933 American romantic fantasy movie. It was directed by Frank Lloyd. The movie is based on the play of the same name by John L. Balderston and also the incomplete book "The Sense of the Past" by Henry James. It stars Leslie Howard, Heather Angel, Valerie Taylor, Irene Browne, Beryl Mercer, and Alan Mowbray. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The movie did not make very much money in ticekt sales. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1934. In 1951 it was remade as "I'll Never Forget You".


In Name Only

In Name Only is a 1939 American romance movie. It was directed by John Cromwell. The movie is based on the 1935 book "Memory of Love" by Bessie Breuer. Actors include Cary Grant, Carole Lombard, Kay Francis, Charles Coburn, Helen Vinson, Nella Walker, and Charles Coleman. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Coronaviridae

Coronaviridae is a family of enveloped, positive-sense, single-stranded RNA viruses. The viral genome is 26–32 kilobases in length. The particles have large (~20 nm), club- or petal-shaped spikes on the surface (the "peplomers" ). The particles in electron micrographs look like the solar corona.

The family "Coronaviridae" is has 2 sub-families, 5 genera, 26 sub-genera, and 46 species. More species are possible, but not yet confirmed.


Upstairs and Downstairs

Upstairs and Downstairs is a 1959 British comedy drama movie. It was directed by Ralph Thomas. The movie is based on the book by Ronald Scott Thorn. Actors included Michael Craig, Anne Heywood, James Robertson Justice, Sid James, Claudia Cardinale, Daniel Massey, Reginald Beckwith, Susan Hampshire, and Oliver Reed. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Michelle Rossignol

Michelle Rossignol, OC, CQ (4 February 1940 – 18 May 2020) was a Canadian movie actress. She appeared in 15 movies, beginning in 1956. She was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1991 and a Knight of the National Order of Quebec in 2001. Her best known roles were in "Once Upon a Time in the East", "Beyond Forty" and "You".

Rossignol died on 18 May 2020, aged 80.

Laudo Natel

Laudo Natel (14 September 1920 – 18 May 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in São Manuel, São Paulo. He was a member of the National Renewal Alliance. He was Vice Governor of São Paulo from 1963 to 1966 (with political campaign planned by Osvaldo Moles) and Governor from 1966 to 1967 and again from 1971 to 1975.

Natel died on 18 May 2020 at his home in São Paulo at the age of 99.

Anchors Aweigh (movie)

Anchors Aweigh is a 1945 American musical comedy movie. It was directed by George Sidney. Actors include Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, Gene Kelly, and Dean Stockwell. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won one Academy Awards in 1946.


The Willoughbys

The Willoughbys is a 2020 computer-animated comedy movie directed by Kris Pearn and co-directed by Rob Lodermeier. It is based on the book of the same name by Lois Lowry. The movie's screenplay was written by Pearn and Mark Stanleigh. It stars Will Forte, Maya Rudolph, Alessia Cara, Terry Crews, Martin Short, Jane Krakowski, Seán Cullen, and Ricky Gervais, who also narrates the movie.

It was released on Netflix on April 22, 2020. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has an approval rating of 90%.

Neglected by their parents, four old-fashioned siblings named Tim, Jane, and Barnaby A and Barnaby B Wiloghby venture out into the modern world with their new nanny.

Jerry Adler

Jerry Adler (born February 4, 1929) is an American actor, director and producer. He is probably best known for his roles as Herman "Hesh" Rabkin in "The Sopranos" (1999–2007) and as Howard Lyman in "The Good Wife" (2011–2016). He has also directed a number of plays.

Adler was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He grew up in a Jewish household.


Johnny Eager

Johnny Eager is a 1941 American crime drama movie. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy. Actors include Robert Taylor, Lana Turner, Van Heflin in his Oscar winning role, Edward Arnold, Glenda Farrell, Diana Lewis, Barry Nelson, and Cy Kendall. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Julien Fournié

Julien Fournié (born April 19 1975 in Paris) is a French fashion designer and CEO of his own haute couture company. The company was founded in the summer of 2009.

Julien Fournié was born in Paris. He was recruited in 2003 as director of ready-to-wear style at Torrente. He was appointed artistic director of all of his lines in September 2003.

In January 2011, for his first participation in the official haute couture calendar as a guest member, he created the event by exclusively parading only black or mestizo models on the podium of his collection entitled Premier Couleurs.

Julien Fournié obtains the Haute Couture label in January 2017; he thus becomes a “permanent member” of the Union Chamber.


Anna Karenina (1935 movie)

Anna Karenina is a 1935 American romantic period drama movie. It was directed by Clarence Brown. The movie is based on the 1877 book of the same name by Leo Tolstoy. Actors include Greta Garbo, Fredric March, Freddie Bartholomew, Maureen O'Sullivan, Basil Rathbone, Reginald Owen, and Reginald Denny. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Felix Silla

Felix Anthony Silla (January 11, 1937 – April 16, 2021), was an Italian-born American retired actor and stuntman. He was known for his role as the costumed character of Cousin Itt" on television's "The Addams Family". He also starred as Ewok in the movie "Return of the Jedi", and had a small roll in the indie movie "Characterz". 

Silla was born in Roccacasale, Italy. Felix Silla died on April 16, 2021, from pancreatic cancer at the age of 84, in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Catherine de Károlyi

Catherine de Károlyi (born Catherine or Katalin Pólya) (September 1 1919 in Budapest – October 30 2006 in Paris) is a French fashion designer. She is of Hungarian origin.

De Károlyi became a Hungarian refugee in Paris in 1948, learned the fashion trade on the job, became a model, created her own label, was noticed by Dior and Balmain, became friends with Malraux and was hired by Hermes, the house where she created the mythical belt from this observation: "The letter H is symmetrical"? it could make a loop. "Her aristocratic elegance inspired the Hermès collections until the 1980s.

Married in second marriage to filmmaker Raymond Assayas, known as Jacques Rémy, Catherine de Karolyi was the mother of three sons including filmmaker Olivier Assayas and journalist and writer Michka Assayas.

Yankee Senor

The Yankee Señor is a 1926 American western movie. It was directed by Emmett J. Flynn. Actors include Tom Mix, Olive Borden, Tom Kennedy, Francis McDonald, Margaret Livingston, and Kathryn Carver. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Addams Family (1964 TV series)

The Addams Family is an American horror/black comedy sitcom based on the characters from Charles Addams' "New Yorker" cartoons.

The show starred Carolyn Jones as Morticia Addams, John Astin as Gomez Addams, Jackie Coogan as Uncle Fester Addams, Ted Cassidy as Lurch, Marie Blake as Grandmamma Addams, Lisa Loring as Wednesday Addams and Ken Weatherwax as Pugsley Addams.

The 30-minute television series was created by David Levy and Donald Saltzman and shot in black-and-white, airing for two seasons on ABC from September 18, 1964, to April 8, 1966, for a total of 64 episodes.

The show is also known for its opening theme, which was composed and sung by Vic Mizzy.




Vic Mizzy

Victor Mizzy (January 9, 1916 – October 17, 2009) was an American composer. His best-known works are the themes to the 1960s television sitcoms "Green Acres" and "The Addams Family". Mizzy also wrote top-20 songs from the 1930s to 1940s. He was born in New York City.

Mizzy died at his home in Bel Air, California, on October 17, 2009, aged 93. 

Lisa Loring

Lisa Loring (born Lisa Ann DeCinces; February 16, 1958 — January 28, 2023) was an American actress. She is best known for playing Wednesday Addams on the 1964–1966 sitcom "The Addams Family".

Blossom Rock

Edith Marie Blossom MacDonald (August 21, 1895 – January 14, 1978), also known as Blossom Rock, was an American actress. Her younger sister was actress and singer Jeanette MacDonald. Rock is probably best known for her role as "Grandmama" on the 1960s horror sitcom "The Addams Family".

Rock was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She died of a stroke on January 14, 1978 in Los Angeles, aged 82.

Jeanette MacDonald

Jeanette Anna MacDonald (June 18, 1903 – January 14, 1965) was an American singer and actress. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

She was known for her roles with Maurice Chevalier in "The Love Parade", "Love Me Tonight", "The Merry Widow" and "One Hour With You". She also starred with Nelson Eddy in "Naughty Marietta", "Rose-Marie", and "Maytime".

MacDonald was married to actor Gene Raymond from 1937 until her death. However despite being married to Raymond, she was in a domestic partnership with actor Nelson Eddy at the same time.

MacDonald died on January 14, 1965 in Houston, Texas of heart failure, aged 61.


Nelson Eddy

Nelson Ackerman Eddy (June 29, 1901 – March 6, 1967) was an American singer, baritone and actor. He appeared in 19 musical movies during the 1930s and 1940s. He was born in Providence, Rhode Island. 

From 1939 to 1967, he was married to Ann Denitz Franklin. However, he was in a domestic partnership with Jeanette MacDonald at the same time.

He starred with MacDonald in "Naughty Marietta", "Rose-Marie", and "Maytime".

Eddy died on March 6, 1967 in Palm Beach, Florida after having a cerebral hemorrhage while performing at a club, aged 65.


Triadic ballet

The Triadic ballet is an experimental ballet, designed and composed by Oskar Schlemmer amongst others. Schlemmer started with the first ideas in 1912. Albert Burger and Elsa Hötzel were two dancers who helped develop the ballet. Paul Hindemith composed the music. Part of it was performed in 1916, the first full performance was in 1922. The ballet was developed in Stuttgart. Its premiere was also in Stuttgart. It was peformed at an exhibition of the Bauhaus art school in Weimar, in 1923.

In 1970, a 30 minute movie was made.

When he had the first ideas about the ballet, Schlemmer was inspired by "Pierrot lunaire, a work by Arnold Schönberg, composed in 1912."


Julie de Libran

Julie de Libran (born February 23 1972 in Aix-en-Provence, France) is a French fashion designer.

Julie has worked for leading fashion houses such as Gianfranco Ferré, Gianni Versace, Prada and Louis Vuitton.

From 1991 to 1994 she worked in Milan with Gianfranco Ferré on his own brand while he was also designing Christian Dior. She worked close to Gianfranco Ferré on his women's collections and she designed his line Oaks by Jeans Collection.

In 1994, she moved to Paris, and worked with Jean-Charles de Castelbajac designing his women’s collection.

The Cowboy and The Countess

The Cowboy and The Countess is a 1926 American western movie. It was directed by Roy William Neill. Actors include Buck Jones, Helena D'Algy, Diana Miller, Harvey Clark, and Monte Collins. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Gene Raymond

Gene Raymond (born Raymond Guion; August 13, 1908 – May 3, 1998) was an American actor, screenwriter, songwriter, director, producer and composer. He was born in New York City.

His most notable movies include "Red Dust" (1932) with Jean Harlow and Clark Gable, "Zoo in Budapest" (1933) with Loretta Young, "Ex-Lady" (1933) with Bette Davis, "Flying Down to Rio" (1933) with Dolores del Río, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, "I Am Suzanne" (1934) with Lilian Harvey, "Sadie McKee" (1934) with Joan Crawford, Alfred Hitchcock's "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" (1941) with Carole Lombard and Robert Montgomery, and "The Locket" (1946) with Laraine Day, Brian Aherne, and Robert Mitchum. 

Raymond was married to actress Jeanette MacDonald from 1937 until her death in 1965. It was alleged that Raymond was gay and he had abused MacDonald physically during their marriage.

Raymond died on May 3, 1998 from pneumonia in Los Angeles at the age of 89.


Brian Aherne

William Brian de Lacy Aherne (2 May 190210 February 1986) was an English actor.

His first Broadway appearance in "The Barretts of Wimpole Street" in 1931 teamed him with Katherine Cornell.

He starred with Madeleine Carroll, Bette Davis, Marlene Dietrich, Rita Hayworth and Carole Lombard in many movies. He was an Oscar-nominated for his role as Emperor Maxmilian in "Juarez" (1939). 

On TV he appeared in "Wagon Train" and "Rawhide".


Yes or No?

Yes or No? is a 1920 American drama movie. It was directed by Roy William Neill. The movie is based on the play of the same name by Arthur Goodrich. It stars Norma Talmadge, Natalie Talmadge, Frederick Burton, Lowell Sherman, and Gladden James. It was distributed by First National Pictures.


Lilian Harvey

Lilian Harvey (born Helene Lilian Muriel Pape, 19 January 1906 – 27 July 1968) was an English-German actress and singer. She was best known for her role as Christel Weinzinger in Erik Charell's 1931 movie "Der Kongreß tanzt". Harvey was born in London.

Harvey died of liver failure on 27 July 1968 in Juan-les-Pins, France at the age of 62.


The Price Mark

The Price Mark is a 1917 American drama movie. It was directed by Roy William Neill. Actors include Dorothy Dalton, William Conklin, Thurston Hall, Adele Farrington, Edwin Wallock, and Dorcas Matthews. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Charles &quot;Buddy&quot; Rogers

Charles Edward "Buddy" Rogers (August 13, 1904 – April 21, 1999) was an American actor and jazz musician. He was popular during the 1920s and 1930s. He was known as "America's Boy Friend". Rogers was born in Olathe, Kansas. He was in the United States Navy during World War II. Rogers' best known role was as Jack Powell in the first Academy Award-winning movie "Wings" (1927).

From 1937 until her death in 1979, Rogers was married to actress Mary Pickford. Rogers was rumored to be bisexual and had an affair with Gene Raymond who was married to Jeanette MacDonald.

Rogers died on April 21, 1999 in Rancho Mirage, California at the age of 94.


The Mother Instinct

The Mother Instinct is a 1917 American drama movie. It was directed by Lambert Hillyer and Roy William Neill. Actors include Enid Bennett, Rowland V. Lee, Margery Wilson, William Fairbanks, and Gertrude Claire. It was distributed by Triangle Film Corporation.

Allen Lee

Allen Lee Peng-fei, CBE, JP (; 24 April 194015 May 2020) was a Hong Kong businessman, politician and political commentator. He was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1978 to 1997 and was the Senior Member of the legislature from 1988 to 1991.

He was also the unofficial member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong from 1986 to 1992. He was the founding chairman of the Liberal Party. He retired after he lost the 1998 election.

After his retirement, he became a political commentator and hosted "Legco Review", a RTHK weekly TV programme on the news about Legislative Council, among several other posts.

Lee died on 15 May 2020 in Hong Kong at the age of 80.

Agnes of God (movie)

Agnes of God is a 1985 American Canadian mystery drama movie. It was directed by Norman Jewison. The movie is based on the play of the same name by John Pielmeier. Actors include Jane Fonda, Anne Bancroft, Meg Tilly, Anne Pitoniak, and Winston Rekert. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1986.


Antwerp, New York

Antwerp is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 1,683 at the 2020 census. The town is named after Antwerp in Belgium, the home of one of the early investors in the town.

The town of Antwerp contains a village also called Antwerp. The town is at the eastern corner of the county and is northeast of Watertown.

Watertown (town), New York

Watertown is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 5,913 at the 2020 census.

Prince Edward County, Virginia

Prince Edward County is a county located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,849. Its county seat is Farmville.

Stewart County, Georgia

Stewart County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,314. The county seat is Lumpkin. The county was created on December 23, 1830.

Lumpkin, Georgia

The city of Lumpkin is the county seat of Stewart County, Georgia, United States. The population was 891 at the 2020 census.

The Cincinnati Kid

The Cincinnati Kid is a 1965 American drama movie. It was directed by Norman Jewison. The movie is based on the 1963 book of the same name by Richard Jeesup. Actors include Steve McQueen, Edward G. Robinson, Ann-Margret, Karl Malden, Rip Torn, Joan Blondell, Cab Calloway, and Jack Weston. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Jaime King

Jaime King (born April 23, 1979) is an American actress and model.

Her first major role was in "Pearl Harbor" (2001) and her first starring movie role was in "Bulletproof Monk" (2003). She has since appeared in other movies including "Sin City" (2005) and "My Bloody Valentine 3D" (2009).

From 2011 to 2015, starred in the television series "Hart of Dixie". In 2016, she had the lead role in "The Mistletoe Promise", a Hallmark movie. She also voiced the role of Aurra Sing on "".

Jefferson, Ohio

Jefferson is a village in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,226 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Ashtabula County.

Kill Her Gently

Kill Her Gently is a 1957 British thriller movie. It was directed by Charles Saunders. Actors include Griffith Jones, Maureen Connell, Marc Lawrence, George Mikell, Roger Avon, and Shay Gorman. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Wilson Braga

Wilson Leite Braga (July 18, 1931 – May 17, 2020), better known as simply Wilson Braga, was a Brazilian politician, lawyer and businessman. He was born in Conceição, Paraíba. Braga was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement (PMDB).

Braga was a member of the Paraíba MLA from 1955 to 1967 and again from 2011 to 2015. He was also a Deputy from 1967 to 1982, again from 1995 to 2003 and one last time from 2007 to 2011. He was also Governor of Paraíba from 1983 to 1987.

Braga was married to politician Lúcia Braga. She died of COVID-19 on May 8, 2020. Braga himself died from the same infection on May 17 in João Pessoa, Paraíba at the age of 88.

Circle of Violence: A Family Drama

Circle of Violence: A Family Drama is a 1986 American television drama movie. It is also known as Circle of Violence: A Family on the Edge or simply Circle of Violence. It was directed by David Greene. Actors include Tuesday Weld, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Peter Bonerz, River Phoenix, and Jeanette Miller. It was distributed by Lorimar Television.

Big Wednesday

Big Wednesday is a 1978 American surfing drama movie. It was directed by John Milius. Actors include Jan-Michael Vincent, William Katt, Gary Busey, Lee Purcell, Patti D'Arbanville, Joe Spinell, Robert Englund, and Gerry Lopez. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Ernest Vinberg

Ernest Borisovich Vinberg (; 26 July 1937 – 12 May 2020) was a Russian mathematician. He worked on discrete subgroups of Lie groups and representation theory. He created Vinberg's algorithm and the Koecher–Vinberg theorem.

He was a recipient of the Humboldt Prize. He was on the executive committee of the Moscow Mathematical Society. In 2010, he was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Vinberg died on 12 May 2020, aged 82.


Attila Ladinszky

Attila Ladinszky nicknamed "Le Gitan" (The Gypsy) (13 September 1949 – 14 May 2020) was a Hungarian football striker. He was born in Budapest.

From 1968 to 1970, he made 59 appearances for FC Tatabánya. From 1973 to 1975, he appeared 52 times for R.S.C. Anderlecht. From 1975 to 1978, he made 59 appearances for Real Betis. He retired in 1983. Afterwards, he became a businessman owning many restaurants in Budapest.

Ladinszky died in Budapest, Hungary on 14 May 2020 from heart disease, aged 70.

Hossein Kazempour Ardebili

Hossein Kazempour Ardebili (, also spelled Hoseyn Kazempur-Ardabili (14 October 1952 – 16 May 2020) was an Iranian diplomat and politician. 

He was Iran's representative to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) from 1995 to 2008 and again from 2013 to his death in 2020. He was the Iranian ambassador to Japan from 1990 to 1994. He also was Minister of Commerce from 1980 to 1981. He was born in Tehran.

Kazempour Ardebili died of a cerebral hemorrhage at a hospital in Tehran on 16 May 2020.

Ratnakar Matkari

Ratnakar Ramkrushna Matkari (17 November 1938 – 17 May 2020) was a Marathi writer, director, and artist. He was born in Mumbai, India.

Matkari worked as a columnist for newspapers and magazines in the 1970s. He wrote the column "Soneri Savalya" (सोनेरी सावल्या) in "Apale Mahanagar" (आपले महानगर) for four years. Matkari's 98 works thus far include 33 plays, 8 collections of his one-act plays, 18 books of his short stories, 3 novels, a book of poems for children, and 14 plays and three collections of plays for children.

In 2013, he directed a movie, "Investment", that was based on his play of the same name.

Matkari died of COVID-19 on 17 May 2020 in Mumbai, aged 81.

Antonio Colomban

Antonio Colomban (5 February 1932 – 18 May 2020) was an Italian football player and coach. He was born in Fasana d'Istria, Italy. He was a midfielder.

Colomban played youth football with Milan and professionally with Messina, Cagliari and Taranto. 

Colomban began his coaching career in 1957. He worked with Messina, Taranto, Torres, Olbia, Gallipoli, Vittoria, Igea Virtus, Gela, and Nissa. He retired in 1993.

Colomban died of a heart attack on 18 May 2020 in Messina, Italy at the age of 88.

Alycia Debnam-Carey

Alycia Jasmin Debnam-Carey (born 20 July 1993) is an Australian actress. She is known for her roles as Commander Lexa on The CW science fiction television series "The 100" (2014–2016) and Alicia Clark on the AMC horror drama television series "Fear the Walking Dead" (2015–present). She was born on 20 July 1993 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

Alycia has played percussion for nearly a decade, as well as piano for a shorter while.

Diana Silvers

Diana Margaret Silvers (born November 3, 1997) is an American actress and model. She is best known for her role as Hope in the 2019 comedy "Booksmart," and as Maggie in the horror movie "Ma".

In September 2019, it was announced that Silvers was cast as Erin Naird in the Netflix comedy series, "Space Force". 

United States Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions

The United States Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) is a United States Senate committee that deal with issues about health care, education, labor and pensions. It is known as the HELP committee.


United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works

The United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works is responsible for dealing with issues related to the natural environment.


United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

The United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources has deals with problems related to energy and nuclear waste policy, territorial policy, native Hawaiian matters, and public lands.

It was originally named Committee on Interior and Insulars Affair. In 1977, it became the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and Indian Affairs were removed from its jurisdiction into its own committee.


United States Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety

The U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety is one of four subcommittees of the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works.

The subcommittee was formerly known as the Subcommittee on Clean Air, Climate Change, and Nuclear Safety, but was renamed during committee organization of the 110th Congress, after responsibility over global warming issues.

United States Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Green Jobs and the New Economy

The U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Green Jobs and the New Economy was a subcommittee of the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works.

United States Senate Environment Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

The U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure is one of four subcommittees of the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. They deal with issues about public buildings, highways and transportation.


United States Senate Energy Subcommittee on Energy

The United States Senate Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Energy is one of four subcommittees of the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.

Some of the things they deal with include nuclear, coal and synthetic fuels research and development; nuclear and non-nuclear energy projects and oil/gas pipelines.


United States Senate Energy Subcommittee on National Parks

Senate Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on National Parks is one of four subcommittees of the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. They deal with issues about the country's national parks. 


United States Senate Energy Subcommittee on Water and Power

The United States Senate Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Water and Power is one of four subcommittees of the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.

This subcommittee's includes oversight and legislative responsibilities for: United States Bureau of Reclamation irrigation and reclamation projects, including related flood control purposes and energy development impacts on water resources; groundwater resources and management.

United States Senate Health Subcommittee on Children and Families

The United States Senate Health Subcommittee on Children and Families is one of the three subcommittees within the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.


United States Senate Health Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

The Senate Subcommittee on Primary Health & Retirement Security is one of the three subcommittees within the Senate Committee on Health


Esha Deol

Esha Deol (born 2 November 1981) is an Indian movie actress and model. She is the daughter of actor-politicians Dharmendra and Hema Malini. Deol made her debut in "Koi Mere Dil Se Poochhe" (2002). She was born in Mumbai.

Hema Malini

Hema Malini (born 16 October 1948) is an Indian actress, writer, director, producer, dancer and politician. She is known for starring in many Bollywood movies with her husband Dharmendra and with Jeetendra, Rajesh Khanna and Dev Anand. She played the "Dream Girl" in the movie of the same name. She has played both comedy and dramatic roles, as well as being a dancer. She was one of the highest paid Indian actresses from 1976 to 1980. During her career, she received eleven nominations for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress

From 2003 to 2009, Malini was elected to the Rajya Sabha as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. In 2014, Malini was elected to the Lok Sabha.She is also honoured with the Padma Shri, the fourth-highest civilian honour awarded by the Government of India.

Meena Kumari

Mahjabeen Bano (),
(1 August 1933 – 31 March 1972), better known as Meena Kumari(), was an Indian actress, singer and poet. She starred in classic movies of Hindi Cinema. She is known as the "Cinderella of Indian movies". She was active between 1939 and 1972.

She starred in 92 movies with her best being "Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam", "Pakeezah", "Mere Apne", "Aarti", "Baiju Bawra", "Parineeta", "Dil Apna Aur Preet Parai", "Foot Path", "Dil Ek Mandir" and "Kaajal". Her career lasted from 1939 to 1972.

Mumari died on 31 March 1972 at a hospital in Mumbai while in a coma from cirrhosis-related problems, aged 38.

Palencia

Palencia () is a city of Spain located in the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is the capital and most populated city of the province of Palencia.

As of 2017, the city has a population of 78,892.

Province of Palencia

Palencia is a province of northern Spain. It is bordered by the provinces of León, Cantabria, Burgos, and Valladolid.

Of the population of 176,125 (2002), 45% live in the capital, Palencia which is located on the Canal de Castilla. There are 191 municipalities in the province.

Province of Burgos

The Province of Burgos is a province of northern Spain, in the northeastern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. 

It is bordered by the provinces of Palencia, Cantabria, Vizcaya, Álava, La Rioja, Soria, Segovia, and Valladolid. 

Its capital is the city of Burgos.

The Cartularies of Valpuesta from the monastery Santa María de Valpuesta, in Burgos, are considered to be the oldest known documents having words written in the Spanish language.

Province of Valladolid

Valladolid () is a province of northwest Spain, in the central part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It has a population of 526,223 people in a total of 225 cities.

The capital is the city of Valladolid. It is bordered by the provinces of Zamora, León, Palencia, Burgos, Segovia, Ávila, and Salamanca.


Province of Salamanca

Salamanca () is a province of western Spain, in the western part of the autonomous community of Castile and León (Castilla y León). It is bordered by the provinces of Zamora, Valladolid, Ávila, and Cáceres; it is bordered on the west by Portugal. In 2018, it had a population of 331,473 people. 

It is divided into 362 municipalities, 11 comarcas, 32 mancomunidades and five judicial districts. Of the 362 municipalities, more than half are villages with fewer than 300 people.

Province of Badajoz

The province of Badajoz () is a province of western Spain located in the autonomous community of Extremadura. It was formed in 1833. 

With an area of , it is the largest province in Spain.


Biscay

Biscay (; ; ) is a province of Spain, lying on the south shore of the bay with the same name. The name also refers to a historical territory of the Basque Country. Its capital city is Bilbao.

Province of Ciudad Real

The province of Ciudad Real () is a province in the southwestern part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain. Its capital is Ciudad Real. It is the third largest province by area in all of Spain.

Province of Cáceres

The province of Cáceres ( , ) is a province of western Spain, and makes up the northern half of the autonomous community of Extremadura. Its capital is the city of Cáceres. 

Province of Cádiz

Cádiz is a province of southern Spain, in the southwestern part of the autonomous community of Andalusia. It is the southernmost part of mainland Spain, as well as the southernmost part of continental Europe. The province is majority Muslim.

Its capital is the city of Cádiz, which has a population of more than 128,000. The largest city is Jerez de la Frontera with 208,896 inhabitants (as of 2010).


Province of Cuenca

Cuenca is one of the five provinces of the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha. It is located in the eastern part of this autonomous community and cover over 17.141 square km. It has a population of 203,841 people. Its capital city is Cuenca and the province is made of 238 municipalities.

Gipuzkoa

Gipuzkoa (, , ; ; ) is a province of Spain and a historical territory of the autonomous community of the Basque Country. Its capital city is San Sebastián. 

Province of Girona

Girona (, ) is a province of Spain, in the northeastern part of the autonomous community of Catalonia. 

It is bordered on the northwest by the province of Lleida, on the southwest by the province of Barcelona, on the north by France, and on the east by the Mediterranean Sea.

The population of the province in 2016 was 739,607. Its capital and largest city is Girona.


Province of Guadalajara

Guadalajara (; from Arabic "wādi al-ħajāra", "streambed/valley of stones") is a province of central/north-central Spain, in the northern part of the autonomous community of Castilla–La Mancha. As of 2013 it had a population of 257,723 people. The population of the province has grown in the last 10 years.

Province of Huelva

Huelva () is a province of southern Spain, in the western part of the autonomous community of Andalusia. It is bordered by Portugal, the provinces of Badajoz, Seville, and Cádiz, and the Atlantic Ocean. Its capital is Huelva.

The economy is based on agriculture and mining.

A Hatful of Rain

A Hatful of Rain is a 1957 American drama movie. It was directed by Fred Zinnemann. The movie is based on the play of the same name by Michael V. Gazzo. Actors include Eva Marie Saint, Don Murray, Anthony Franciosa, Lloyd Nolan, Henry Silva, and William Hickey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1958.


Province of Huesca

Huesca (, ), officially Huesca/Uesca, is a province of northeastern Spain, in northern Aragon. The capital is Huesca.

Province of Jaén (Spain)

Jaén () is a province of southern Spain, in the eastern part of the autonomous community of Andalusia. It is bordered by the provinces of Ciudad Real, Albacete, Granada and Córdoba. Its capital is Jaén city.

Its population is 657,387 (2003).

Province of Las Palmas

The Province of Las Palmas (, ; ) is a province of Spain. It is made up of the eastern part of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands.

In 1927, the Province of Canary Islands was split into two provinces: Las Palmas and Santa Cruz de Tenerife. 

In 1982, both provinces became part of the newly founded autonomous community of the Canary Islands.


Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife

Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, also Province of Santa Cruz (), is a province of Spain, made up of the western part of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands. It has the islands of Tenerife, La Gomera, El Hierro, and La Palma. It occupies an area of .

Province of Lleida

The Province of Lleida (; ; ) is one of the four provinces of Catalonia. It is often popularly known as Ponent (i.e. the West). 

It lies in north-eastern Spain, in the western part of the autonomous community of Catalonia, and is bordered by the Provinces of Girona, Barcelona, Tarragona, Zaragoza and Huesca and the countries of France and Andorra. 


Province of Málaga

The province of Málaga ( ) is located on the southern mediterranean coast of Spain, in Andalusia. It is bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the south and by the provinces of Cádiz, Seville, Córdoba, and Granada.

Province of Ourense

Ourense (in Spanish, "Orense") is a Spanish province, in the southeastern part of the autonomous community of Galicia. It is bordered by the provinces of Pontevedra to the west, Lugo to the north, León and Zamora.

"Ourense" (in Galician) is the official name adopted by Parliament in Spain.

Province of Pontevedra

Pontevedra is a province of Spain along the country's Atlantic coast in southwestern Europe. The province forms the southwestern part of the autonomous community of Galicia. It is bordered by the provinces of A Coruña, Lugo, and Ourense, the country of Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean. 

Province of Segovia

Segovia () is a province of central/northern Spain, in the southern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is bordered by the province of Burgos in the north, Soria in the northeast, Guadalajara in the east, Madrid in the south, Ávila in the west and southwest, and Valladolid in the northwest.

Province of Soria

Soria is a province of central Spain, in the eastern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. Most of the province is in the mountainous Sistema Ibérico area.

It is bordered by the provinces of La Rioja, Zaragoza, Guadalajara, Segovia, and Burgos. 

Soria is the least populous of all of Spain's provinces, with a density of around 9 inhabitants/km—one of the lowest in the European Union. 

Province of Zaragoza

Zaragoza (), also called Saragossa in English, is a province of northern Spain, in the central part of the autonomous community of Aragon. 
Its capital is Zaragoza, which is also the capital of the autonomous community. Other towns in Zaragoza include Calatayud, Borja, La Almunia de Doña Godina, Ejea de los Caballeros and Tarazona.

Province of Tarragona

Tarragona () is a province of the southern part of Catalonia. It is bordered by the provinces of Castelló, Teruel, Saragossa, Lleida and Barcelona and by the Mediterranean Sea.

Province of Teruel

Teruel (Catalan "Terol" ) is a province of Aragon, in the northeast of Spain. The capital is Teruel.

It is bordered by the provinces of Tarragona, Castellón, Valencia (including its exclave Rincón de Ademuz), Cuenca, Guadalajara, and Zaragoza. 

The area of the province is 14,809 km². Its population is 134,572 (2018), of whom about a quarter live in the capital, and its population density is 9.36/km². 

The main language throughout the province is Spanish (with official status), although Catalan is spoken in a northeastern area bordering Catalonia.


Province of Valencia

Valencia () or València () is a province of Spain, in the central part of the autonomous Valencian Community. Of the province's over 2.5 million people (2018), one-third live in the capital, Valencia, which is also the capital of the autonomous community and the 3rd biggest city in Spain.

Province of Zamora

Zamora () is a province of western Spain, in the western part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is bordered by the provinces of Ourense, León, Valladolid, and Salamanca, and by Portugal.

Albacete

Albacete is a municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of Castilla–La Mancha, and capital of the province of Albacete.

Almería

Almería (, , ) is a city in Andalusia, Spain, located in the southeast of Spain on the Mediterranean Sea, and is the capital of the province of the same name. 

Cáceres, Spain

Cáceres ( , ) is a city of Spain located in the autonomous community of Extremadura. It is the capital and most populated municipality of the Province of Cáceres.

Castellón de la Plana

Castellón de la Plana (), Castelló de la Plana (official) (), or simply Castellón, is the capital city of the province of Castellón, in the Valencian Community (Spain). It is located in the east of the Iberian Peninsula, on the Costa del Azahar by the Mediterranean Sea. The mountain range known as Desert de les Palmes rises inland north of the town.

Guadalajara, Spain

Guadalajara (, ) is a city and municipality in Spain, located in the autonomous community of Castilla–La Mancha. It is the capital of the Province of Guadalajara.

Huesca

Huesca (; ) is a city in north-eastern Spain, within the autonomous community of Aragon. It is also the capital of the Spanish province of the same name and of the comarca of Hoya de Huesca.


Jaén, Spain

Jaén () is a city in south-central Spain, located in the autonomous community of Andalusia. It is the capital of the Province of Jaén. 

Ourense

Ourense ( , ; ) is a city and capital of the province located in the autonomous community of Galicia, northwestern Spain. It is on the Portuguese Way path of the Road of St James (Camino de Santiago). It's also known as "A cidade das Burgas" (galician) due to its hot springs.

Segovia

Segovia (, , ) is a city of Spain located in the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is the capital and most populated municipality of the Province of Segovia.

Soria

Soria () is a municipality and a Spanish city, located on the Douro river in the east of the autonomous community of Castile and León and capital of the province of Soria. Its population is 38,881 (INE, 2017).

Tarragona

Tarragona ( , , , ; Phoenician: "Tarqon"; ) is a port city located in northeast Spain on the Costa Daurada by the Mediterranean Sea. It was founded before the 5th century BC, it is the capital of the Province of Tarragona, and part of Tarragonès and Catalonia. The city has a population of 201,199 (2014).


Tarragonès

Tarragonès is a comarca (county) in Catalonia, Spain. It is one of the three comarques formed in the 1936 comarcal division of Camp de Tarragona. It lies on the Mediterranean coast, between the comarques of Baix Penedès to the northeast and Baix Camp to the south. 

Over 60% of the population live in the capital, Tarragona.

Teruel

Teruel () is a city in Aragon, located in eastern Spain, and is also the capital of Teruel Province. It has a population of 35,675 in 2014 making it the least populated provincial capital in the country.

Zamora, Spain

Zamora () is a city in Castile and León, Spain, the capital of the province of Zamora. It lies on a rocky hill in the northwest, near the frontier with Portugal and crossed by the Duero river.


Bierné-les-Villages

Bierné-les-Villages is a commune of 1,249 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Bierné (the seat), Argenton-Notre-Dame, Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers and Saint-Michel-de-Feins.

Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne

Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 16,776 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Château-Gontier (the seat), Azé and Saint-Fort.

Pré-en-Pail-Saint-Samson

Pré-en-Pail-Saint-Samson is a commune of 2,331 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Pré-en-Pail (the seat) and Saint-Samson.

Gennes-Longuefuye

Gennes-Longuefuye is a commune of 1,327 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Gennes-sur-Glaize (the seat) and Longuefuye.

Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré

Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré was a short-lived commune. It was found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Montsûrs (the seat) and Saint-Céneré. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Deux-Évailles, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Bibb County, Georgia

Bibb County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 157,346 people lived there. The county seat is Macon.

Sainte-Suzanne-et-Chammes

Sainte-Suzanne-et-Chammes is a commune of 1,280 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Sainte-Suzanne (the seat) and Chammes.

Aleksandra Kornhauser Frazer

Aleksandra Kornhauser Frazer (26 September 1926 - 17 May 2020) was a Slovenian chemist and environmentalist. She was a Professor of Chemistry at the Faculty of Natural Sciences and Engineering and Director at the International Centre for Chemical Studies, of the University of Ljubljana, Slovenia. In 1988, she was elected as a member of Academia Europaea. 

She was professionally active until the age of 90, when she ended her term as the dean of Jožef Stefan International Postgraduate School. She received the Zois Prize for life-time achievements in 1997, the highest prize in the scientific field in Slovenia. She was also an honorary citizen of Ljubljana. 

She died in Ljubljana on 17 May 2020 at the age of 93.

Bleckley County, Georgia

Bleckley County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 12,583 people lived there. The county seat is Cochran.

Brantley County, Georgia

Brantley County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 18,021 people lived there. The county seat is Nahunta.

Brooks County, Georgia

Brooks County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 16,301 people lived there. The county seat is Quitman.

Cochran, Georgia

Cochran is a city in Bleckley County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 5,150. The city is the county seat of Bleckley County.

Nahunta, Georgia

Nahunta is a city in Brantley County, Georgia, United States. It is the county seat of Brantley County. It is part of the Brunswick, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,053 at the 2010 census.

Bryan County, Georgia

Bryan County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 44,738 people lived there. The county seat is Pembroke.

Quitman, Georgia

Quitman is a city in and the county seat of Brooks County, Georgia, United States. The population was 3,850 at the 2010 census. The Quitman Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Pembroke, Georgia

Pembroke is a small city in Bryan County, Georgia, United States. The 2010 census found the population to be 2,196. The city is the county seat of Bryan County. Pembroke is about 35 miles west of Savannah, Georgia, and 20 miles south of Statesboro, Georgia.

Bulloch County, Georgia

Bulloch County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 81,099. The county seat is Statesboro.

The Man Who Laughs (1928 movie)

The Man Who Laughs is a 1928 American silent romantic drama movie directed Paul Leni. The movie is based of Victor Hugo's 1869 novel of the same name and stars Mary Philbin as the blind Dea and Conrad Veidt as Gwynplaine. The movie is known for the grim carnival freak-like grin. 

Critic Roger Ebert said, ""The Man Who Laughs" is a melodrama, at times even a swashbuckler, but so steeped in Expressionist gloom that it plays like a horror film."

Butts County, Georgia

Butts County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 25,434 people lived there. The county seat is Jackson. The county was created on December 24, 1825.

Mary Philbin

Mary Loretta Philbin (July 16, 1902 – May 7, 1993) was an American actress. She was best known for playing Christine Daaé in the 1925 movie "The Phantom of the Opera " and as Dea in "The Man Who Laughs".

Lucille Roybal-Allard

Lucille Elsa Roybal-Allard (born June 12, 1941) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for since 1993. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 



Larry Csonka

Larry Richard Csonka (; born December 25, 1946) is an American professional American football fullback. He was honored to both the College Football Hall of Fame and Pro Football Hall of Fame. 

With the Miami Dolphins he was a member of their perfect season in 1972 and won Super Bowl championships in 1972 and 1973.

He played for the Dolphins from 1968 to 1974 and again in 1979. He also played for the New York Giants from 1976 to 1978.

Csonka was born in Stow, Ohio. He was raised in Akron, Ohio. He studied at Syracuse University.


Stow, Ohio

Stow is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States. The population was 34,483 at the 2020 census. It is located near Akron, Ohio.

Munroe Falls, Ohio

Munroe Falls is a city in the east-central portion of Summit County, Ohio, United States, between Stow and Tallmadge. It is a suburb of Akron and is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,044 at the 2020 census.

Silver Lake, Ohio

Silver Lake is a village in Summit County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Akron and is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area. 

The population was 2,516 at the 2020 census. Silver Lake is between, and surrounded by, the cities of Stow and Cuyahoga Falls.

Alex Winter

Alexander Ross Winter (born July 17, 1965) is a British-American actor, movie director, and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as "Bill S. Preston, Esq." in the 1989 movie "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure", its 1991 sequel "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", and a planned sequel "Bill & Ted Face the Music". 

Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure

Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure is a 1989 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Stephen Herek and written by Chris Matheson and Ed Solomon. It stars Keanu Reeves, Alex Winter, and George Carlin.

"Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" received generally positive reviews, and was a success at the box office.

A sequel, "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey" was released in July 1991. A third film, "Bill & Ted Face the Music" is in development and is scheduled to be released in August 2020.

Bill &amp; Ted's Bogus Journey

Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey is a 1991 American science fiction comedy movie. It is the second movie in the "Bill & Ted" franchise, and a sequel to "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" (1989). Keanu Reeves, Alex Winter, Hal Lando and George Carlin return to their roles from the first movie. It also stars William Sadler as Death. It received mixed reviews. 

A sequel, "Bill & Ted Face the Music" is scheduled to be released in August 2020.


Progressive rock/metal band Primus appear as themselves during Battle of the Bands, performing "Tommy the Cat". Musician Jim Martin, at the time the lead guitarist of Faith No More, also appears as himself, introduced by Rufus as "Sir James Martin, head of the Faith No More Spiritual and Theological Center." Candace and Lauren Mead portray "Little Bill" Logan and "Little Ted" Preston; with the characters revealed in "Bill & Ted Face the Music" to be girls, whose full names are shown to be Billie Logan and Thea Preston.

Sadler had been drawn to the role of Death as at the time, he had been cast as a serious villain in numerous films, but had wanted to return to doing comedy as he had done earlier in the Broadway production of "Biloxi Blues". Having enjoyed "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure", he thought the idea of Death as a villain in a comedic film would be a good role for him, auditioning via tape using an accent from Czechoslovakian actor Jan Tříska with whom he had co-performed in an earlier stage production. When he was called in to audition in person, they had asked him to come in aged makeup; Sadler contacted Scott Eddo, the makeup supervisor for "Die Hard 2" to make him look authentically old, which Sadler believed helped get him the role, along with the humor he injected into the audition. Sadler said that in the film, nearly everything Death does was written into the script, outside of the same accent that he used from his audition forward.

The name "Station" was the result of a leftover editing typo, according to the movie's writers Chris Matheson and Ed Solomon. They had cut a scene from the script, labeled "INT. POLICE STATION" but had left the "STATION" part dangling, and as they were drunk at the time, found that saying "Station" in a "[tiny] Martian voice" was hilarious, and the name stuck.

St. Thomas’ Hospital

St Thomas' Hospital is a hospital in central London on the river Thames. In 1860 it was used to train nurses as a part of the Nightingale training academy made by Florence Nightingale.

It is now part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, together with Guy's Hospital and King's College Hospital. 

Bill &amp; Ted Face the Music

Bill & Ted Face the Music is a 2020 American science fiction comedy movie. It was directed by Dean Parisot. It was written by Chris Matheson and Ed Solomon. It is the third movie in the "Bill & Ted" franchise. It is a sequel to "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" (1989) and "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey" (1991). It stars Keanu Reeves, Alex Winter, William Sadler, Samara Weaving, Kid Cudi, Jayma Mays, Holland Taylor and Kristen Schaal. It was released on August 28, 2020.

Ghostbusters: Afterlife

Ghostbusters: Afterlife (titled Ghostbusters: Legacy or Ghostbusters: From Beyond in some markets) is an 2021 American supernatural fantasy comedy movie directed by Jason Reitman and written by Reitman and Gil Kenan. movies. 

It is the interquel and a direct sequel to "Ghostbusters" (1984) and "Ghostbusters II" (1989) also Ghostbusters: Answer The Call (2016).

"Ghostbusters: Afterlife" was originally scheduled for release in the United States on July 10, 2020, but was delayed to November 19, 2021.


Finn Wolfhard as Trevor Spengler

Mckenna Grace as Phoebe Spengler

Logan Kim as PodCast

Carrie Coon as Callie Spengler

Paul Rudd as Gary Grooberson

Bill Murray as Peter Venkman

Dan Aykroyd as Ray Stantz

Ernie Hudson as Winston Zeddemore

Sigourney Weaver as Dana Barrett

Annie Potts as Janine Melnitz

Jurassic World Dominion

Jurassic World: Dominion is an American science fiction adventure movie directed by Colin Trevorrow, who wrote the screenplay with Emily Carmichael, based on a story by Trevorrow and his writing partner, Derek Connolly. 

A sequel to the 2015 and 2018 movies: "Jurassic World" and "", it is the sixth movie in the "Jurassic Park" franchise and the final movie in the "Jurassic World" trilogy. 

It stars Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Jake Johnson, Omar Sy, Daniella Pineda, Justice Smith, Isabella Sermon, BD Wong, Mamoudou Athie, DeWanda Wise, Dichen Lachman, and Scott Haze with Campbell Scott.

On March 13, 2020, production was stopped as a safety precaution due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The movie was released on June 10, 2022 by Universal Pictures.


Godzilla vs. Kong

The movie is also the 37th and final movie in the "Godzilla" franchise, the 12th and final movie in the "King Kong" franchise, and the fourth "Godzilla" movie to be completely produced by a Hollywood studio.

The movie stars Alexander Skarsgård, Millie Bobby Brown, Rebecca Hall, Brian Tyree Henry, Shun Oguri, Eiza González, Jessica Henwick, Julian Dennison, Kyle Chandler, and Demián Bichir. and the uncredited mo-cap performances and vocalizations of Godzilla played by T.J. Storm, Dee Bradley Baker and Erik Aadahl, Kong and Warbat played by Terry Notary, Eric Petey and Robin Atkin Downes vocalizations the character. the other creatures such as Skullcrawler, Warbat and Hellhawks were done for vocalizations provided by Frank Welker, JD Hall as mo-cap and vocalizations of Mechagodzilla, 

"Godzilla vs. Kong" is scheduled to be released on March 31, 2021, in 2D, 3D, and IMAX later on HBO Max.

Jessica Henwick

Jessica Yu Li Henwick (李玉; born 30 August 1992) is an English actress. She is known for her roles as Nymeria Sand in HBO series "Game of Thrones" (2015–2017), X-wing pilot Jessika Pava in "" (2015) and the character Colleen Wing in "Iron Fist" (2017–2018), "The Defenders" (2017) and the second season of "Luke Cage" (2018). 

Coming 2 America

Coming 2 America is an American comedy movie. It is a sequel to "Coming to America" (1988). The movie is directed by Craig Brewer, from a screenplay by David Sheffield, Barry W. Blaustein, and Kenya Barris. It is based on characters created by Eddie Murphy.

The movie stars Eddie Murphy, Arsenio Hall, Jermaine Fowler, Leslie Jones, Shari Headley, John Amos, Lawal Olatubosun, Wesley Snipes, and James Earl Jones. 

The movie is was released in December 2020 in the United States.

Denis Pronovost

Denis Pronovost (born 3 May 1953) is a Canadian politician. He was a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993. He represented the electoral area of Saint-Maurice as a part of the Progressive Conservative Party. Pronovost was born in Grand-Mère, Quebec. He was a journalist there.

Pronovost was elected only one time. This was in the 1988 federal election. When he was elected, he was a part of the Progressive Conservative Party. He was arrested in 1993 by the Quebec Provincial Police. He was found guilty of sexually assaulting young men. After he was charged of the crime, he stopped being a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. He kept his seat in Parliament until the 1993 federal election.

COVID-19 pandemic in Slovenia

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to Slovenia on 4 March 2020, when the first case was confirmed. 

It was transmitted by a tourist traveling from Morocco via Italy, which is the center of the SARS-CoV-2 in Europe. 

On May 15, 2020, Slovenia became the first European nation to declare the end of the COVID-19 epidemic within its territory. However, cases started to rise again in June.

COVID-19 pandemic in Tanzania

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Tanzania in March 2020.

On 16 March, the first case in Tanzania was confirmed in Arusha. It was a 46-year-old Tanzanian who had come to Arusha from Belgium.

On 22 March, it was announced that cases had risen to 12.

On 31 March, the first COVID death was recorded, in Dar es Salaam.

Tanzania announced on 8 May that it would stop publishing data on Covid-19 cases and deaths. Since then no new updates have been presented. The death toll was 21 in May, the total number of confirmed cases was 509, and 183 patients had recovered.

The embassy of the United States warned that the risk of contracting Covid-19 in Dar es Salaam was extremely high.

Lantana, Florida

Lantana is a town in Florida in the United States.

Loiron-Ruillé

Loiron-Ruillé is a commune of 2,667 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Loiron (the seat) and Ruillé-le-Gravelais.

La Roche-Neuville

La Roche-Neuville is a commune of 1,167 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Loigné-sur-Mayenne (the seat) and Saint-Sulpice.

Val-du-Maine

Val-du-Maine is a commune of 929 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Ballée (the seat) and Épineux-le-Seguin.

Prée-d'Anjou

Prée-d'Anjou is a commune of 1,421 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2018 and consists of the former communes of Laigné (the seat) and Ampoigné.

Blandouet-Saint Jean

Blandouet-Saint Jean is a commune of 605 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Jean-sur-Erve (the seat) and Blandouet.

Val de Lambronne

Val de Lambronne is a commune of 185 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Caudeval (the seat) and Gueytes-et-Labastide.

Saint-Papoul

Saint-Papoul is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Sernin, Aude

Saint-Sernin is a commune of 38 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saissac

Saissac is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sallèles-d'Aude

Sallèles-d'Aude is a commune of 2,922 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Salles-d'Aude

Salles-d'Aude is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department. This is in the south of France.

Salles-sur-l'Hers

Salles-sur-l'Hers is a commune of 701 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Salvezines

Salvezines is a commune of 77 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Étrembières

Étrembières is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in the southeastern part of France.

Salza

Salza is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Seignalens

Seignalens is a commune of 32 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Serpent

La Serpent is a commune of 92 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Serres, Aude

Serres is a commune of 65 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Aiguefonde

Aiguefonde is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Serviès-en-Val

Serviès-en-Val is a commune of 213 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Candler County, Georgia

Candler County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 10,981 people lived there. The county seat is Metter.

Sarlhusen

Sarlhusen is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Catoosa County, Georgia

Catoosa County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 67,872 people lived there. The county seat is Ringgold.

Charlton County, Georgia

Charlton County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 12,518 people lived there. The county seat is Folkston.

Georgetown, Ohio

Georgetown is a village in Brown County, Ohio, United States. It located about 36 miles southeast of Cincinnati. The population was 4,453 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Brown County. Georgetown was the childhood home of Ulysses S. Grant.

Carrollton, Ohio

Carrollton is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Carroll County.

Wilmington, Ohio

Wilmington is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Clinton County.

Lisbon, Ohio

Lisbon is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Columbiana County.

Millersburg, Ohio

Millersburg is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Holmes County.

Glenmont, Ohio

Glenmont is a village in Ohio in the United States.

Britannia Hospital

Britannia Hospital is a 1982 British science fiction black comedy movie. It was directed by Lindsay Anderson. Actors include Malcolm McDowell, Mark Hamill, Alan Bates, Dave Atkins, Joan Plowright, Robin Askwith, Ronald Culver, Robert Pugh, Kevin Lloyd, Brian Glover, Frank Grimes, Arthur Lowe, and Leonard Rossiter. It is the final part of the trilogy by Lindsay Anderson. It was distributed by EMI Films.


April Love (movie)

April Love is a 1957 American musical movie. It was directed by Henry Levin. The movie is based on the book "Phantom Filly" by George Andrew Chamberlain. Actors include Pat Boone, Shirley Jones, Arthur O'Connell, Dolores Michaels, Matt Crowley, and Jeanette Nolan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1958.


I Confess

I Confess is a 1953 American crime drama movie. It was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The movie is based on the 1902 French play "Nos deux consciences" ("Our Two Consciences") by Paul Anthelme. Actors include Montgomery Clift, Anne Baxter, Karl Malden, Brian Aherne, O. E. Hasse, and Dolly Haas. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Trey Mancini

Joseph Anthony "Trey" Mancini III (born March 18, 1992) is an American professional baseball first baseman and outfielder for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2016. His nickname Boomer. He was born in Winter Haven, Florida.

On April 28, 2020 Mancini revealed he had stage 3 colon cancer.

Alan Hamel

Alan Hamel (born June 30, 1936) is a Canadian producer, writer, actor and television host. He was born in Toronto. 

Hamel co-hosted the Canadian children's television series "Razzle Dazzle" (1961–64). In the late 1960s he hosted two game shows which aired on all the ABC owned and operated TV stations as well as others: "Wedding Party" (1968) and "Anniversary Game" (1969).

In the late 1970s, he hosted "The Alan Hamel Show", a popular daytime talk show on CTV. 

In 1977, Hamel married actress Suzanne Somers. 

Jefferson, Greene County, Pennsylvania

Jefferson is a borough in Greene County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 253 at the 2020 census. The borough was named after Thomas Jefferson.

Ten North Frederick (movie)

Ten North Frederick is a 1958 American drama movie. It was directed by Philip Dunne. The movie is based on the 1955 book of the same name by John O'Hara. Actors include Gary Cooper, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Tom Tully, Stuart Whitman, Suzy Parker, Ray Stricklyn, and Philip Ober. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Wild in the Country

Wild in the Country is a 1961 American musical drama movie. It was directed by Philip Dunne. The movie is based on the 1958 book "The Lost Country" by J. R. Salamanca. Actors include Elvis Presley, Hope Lange, Tuesday Weld, Millie Perkins, Gary Lockwood, Christina Crawford, and Rafer Johnson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Cross Creek (movie)

Cross Creek is a 1983 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Martin Ritt. The movie is based on the 1942 memoir of the same name by Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings. Actors include Mary Steenburgen, Rip Torn, Peter Coyote, Dana Hill, Alfre Woodard, Malcolm McDowell, Jay O. Saunders, and Toni Hudson. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It did not make very much money in ticket sales. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1984.


Chachoda district

Chachoda district is one of the 55 districts of Madhya Pradesh in central India. Chachoura Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 79 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Madhya Bharat state.

Incumbent MLA from Chachoura is Lakshman Singh from the party Indian National Congress.

As a constituency of Madhya Bharat state:

As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh state:

Black Bart

Black Bart is a 1948 American western movie. It was directed by George Sherman. Actors include Yvonne De Carlo, Dan Duryea, Jeffrey Lynn, Frank Lovejoy, Percy Kilbride, Russ Conway, and Lloyd Gough. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Chicken Every Sunday

Chicken Every Sunday is a 1949 American comedy movie. It was directed by George Seaton. The movie is based on the play of the same name by Julius J. Epstein and Philip G. Epstein. Actors include Dan Dailey, Celeste Holm, Colleen Townsend, Natalie Wood, Connie Gilchrist, Roy Roberts, Percy Helton, and Anthony Sydes. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Caught (1949 movie)

Caught is a 1949 American drama movie. It was directed by Max Ophüls. The movie is based on the book "Wild Calendar" by Libbie Block. Actors include Barbara Bel Geddes, James Mason, Robert Ryan, Frank Ferguson, and Curt Bois. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Paco Rabanne

Francisco Rabaneda Cuervo (18 February 1934 – 3 February 2023), better known as Paco Rabanne, was a Spanish fashion designer.

At the age of five, he and his mother, a head seamstress at Balenciaga, escaped the Spanish Civil War by fleeing to France. There, he assumed the name Paco Rabanne. By the early 1960s, after training as an architect, he applied his skills towards avant-garde accessory design, proposing unique creations for several haute couture houses.

He became notorious in the 1960s for creating bizarre yet influential garments made of unusual, nonwoven materials such as plastic and aluminum.

He left the fashion scene in 1999 to devote himself to other activities. His success was not only limited to clothing and costume design, in 1969 he had a smash hit with the metallic 'It' bag, a simple square envelope with a shoulder strap.

In 1999, he announced that at the age of seventeen he had visions of Parisians in flames throwing themselves into the Seine and that after studying other concordant prophecies, he came to the conclusion that the Mir space station was going to crash in France at the time of the solar eclipse of August 11, 1999.


White Heat

White Heat is a 1949 American crime thriller movie. It was directed by Raoul Walsh. The movie is based on the story of the same name by Virginia Kellogg. It stars James Cagey, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Steve Cochran, Margaret Wycherly, and Wally Cassell. It was distributed by Warner Bros. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1950.


Love (1927 movie)

Love is a 1927 American romantic drama movie. It was directed by Edmund Goulding. The movie is based on the script of "Anna Karenina" by Leo Tolstoy. Actors include Greta Garbo, John Gilbert, George Fawcett, Emily Fitzroy, and Jacques Tourneur. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Young Cassidy

Young Cassidy is a 1965 British Irish biographical drama movie. It was directed by Jack Cardiff and John Ford. The movie is based on the life of playwright Seán O'Casey. Actors include Rod Taylor, Maggie Smith, Julie Christie, Michael Redgrave, Edith Evans, and Siân Phillips. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Mariano Fortuny

Mariano Fortuny y Madrazo (11 May 1871 – 3 May 1949) was a Spanish fashion designer who opened his couture house in 1906 and continued until 1946.

In 1897, he met Henriette Negrin in Paris, whom he married a few years later and whose role as a full-fledged collaborator was highlighted in an exhibition at the Musée du Palais Fortuny in Venice.

Mariano Fortuny y Madrazo died in his Venetian palace in 1949 and was buried in the Verano Cemetery in Rome.

In 1907, Fortuny created her most spectacular dress: the "Delphos Dress" in pleated silk, made famous by the theatrical legends of the time, Isadora Duncan and Sarah Bernhardt. Designed in a revolutionary form, inspired by the clothes of ancient Greece, the long dress was both simple and wide, artistic and functional; the hems were adorned with colored Venetian glass beads, with a decorative but also functional function.

In 2012, the Queen Sofia Spanish Institute in New York City mounted an exhibition of his work. 

His clients include Élisabeth, Countess Greffulhe and her daughter Élaine Greffulhe, Eleonora Duse, Ellen Terry and Oona O'Neill.

In Paris, he owned from 1912 a shop 2 bis rue de Marignan, transferred in 1922 67 rue Pierre-Charron. In London, he opened a boutique in 1912 at 29 Maddox Street (en) and Bond Street.

The Jackals

The Jackals is a 1967 South African western movie. It was directed by Robert D. Webb. The movie is a remake of the 1948 movie "Yellow Sky". It stars Vincent Price, Bob Courtney, Patrick Mynhardt, Diana Ivarson, and Robert Gunner. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Isabella II of Spain

Isabella II (; 10 October 1830 – 9 April 1904), also known as the Queen of Sad Mischance and the Traditional Queen, was queen regnant of Spain from 1833 till 1868 till she was exiled and fled to France where she died. She would be suceeded by her son.

Though her name is often anglicised to "Isabella" this is incorrect. Isabel is recognised as the Spanish for "Elizabeth". And Isabella is a corruption of the name Isabel.

Wilhelm, Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld

Wilhelm, Prince and Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld (; born 14 August 1933) is the Landgrave "(His Highness)" and current head of one of the two remaining branches of the House of Hesse. He was born in Herleshausen, Hesse-Nassau, Germany. His father was Prince Wilhelm of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld.

Adolfo Nicolás

Adolfo Nicolás Pachón (29 April 1936 – 20 May 2020) was a Spanish priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the thirtieth Superior General of the Society of Jesus from 2008 to 2016. He was born in Villamuriel de Cerrato, Spain.

Nicolás Pachón died on 20 May 2020 at a hospital in Tokyo from a long-illness, aged 84.


Salah Stétié

Salah Stétié () (28 September 1929 – 19 May 2020) was a Lebanese writer, diplomat, translator and poet. He wrote in the French language. He also worked in many diplomatic positions for Lebanon in countries such as Morocco and France. Stetie chose to write in French because he believed that the Arabic language was outdated. He was born in Beirut. 

Stétié died in Paris on 19 May 2020 at the age of 90.

Home (2015 movie)

Home is a 2015 computer animated movie from 20th Century Fox and DreamWorks Animation and was releasd on March 27, 2015 in the United States. It was released a week early in Austraila, Azerbaijan, Colombia, Spain, Kazakhstan, New Zealand, Russia and Ukraine on March 19, 2015 and Estonia, United Kingdom, Ireland, Latvia and Norway on March 20, 2015.

After a hive-minded alien race called the Boov conquer the Earth, they relocate the planet's human population—all except for a little girl named Tip (Rihanna), who's managed to hide from the aliens. When Tip meets a fugitive Boov called Oh (Jim Parsons), there's mutual distrust. However, Oh is not like his comrades; he craves friendship and fun. As their distrust fades, the pair set out together to find Tip's mother, but, unbeknown to them, the Gorg—enemies of the Boov—are en route.

Bob Smith (New Hampshire politician)

Robert Clinton Smith (born March 30, 1941) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for New Hampshire's 1st congressional district from 1985 to 1990 and the state of New Hampshire in the United States Senate from 1990 to 2003.

Smith unsuccessfully ran for the Republican nomination for President in 2000 election. He later ran as an Independent.

Smith ran for re-election in 2002 but lost the Republican primary to Congressman John E. Sununu, who won the general election. 

After his defeat he moved to Florida and briefly ran for the Senate from there both in 2004 and 2010. However, he dropped out early due to poor polling numbers. 

He later returned to New Hampshire, where he announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2014 Senate election, but lost in the Republican primary by former U.S. Senator from Massachusetts Scott Brown.

In 2016, he worked for the presidential campaign of Ted Cruz.


Salisbury, North Carolina

Salisbury is a city in the Piedmont region of North Carolina. It has been the county seat of Rowan County since 1753. The population was 35,540 in the 2020 Census.

Rowan County, North Carolina

Rowan County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its county seat, Salisbury, is the oldest continuously populated town in western North Carolina. Rowan County is located northeast of Charlotte.

Miss Universe 2009

Miss Universe 2009 was a beauty pageant, the 56th Miss Universe. In it, outgoing Miss Universe Dayana Mendoza of Venezuela crowned eighteen-year-old Stefanía Fernández as Miss Universe 2009.

It was followed by the Miss Universe 2010 pageant, and preceded by the Miss Universe 2008 pageant.

Miss Universe 2009, occurred on August 23, 2008, in Nassau, Bahamas.

There were at first 84 contenders, but Jewel Silver withdrew due to dehydration. Thus there were 83 contestants at the final. Ultimately, Stefania Fernandez of Venezuela won, and Ada de la Cruz of the Dominican Republic was the runner-up. Third was Marigona Dragusha of Kosovo. And Rachael Finch, of Australia, finished fourth.

Stefanía was just eighteen upon the time of her crowning. Since 2009, there has been no Miss Universe younger than her at the time of their crowning.
Stefanía was from Venezuela, like Dayana Mendoza, making this the first Miss Universe pageant where the Miss Universe was crowned by a compatriot. For this, Stefanía earned a Guiness Record.

McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania

McKees Rocks, also known as "The Rocks", is a borough in Allegheny County, in western Pennsylvania, along the south bank of the Ohio River. The borough population was 5,920 at the 2020 census.

Watkins, Minnesota

Watkins is a city in Meeker County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 991 at the 2020 census.

Litchfield, Minnesota

Litchfield is a city in and the county seat of Meeker County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 6,624 at the 2020 census.

Midkiff, West Virginia

Midkiff is an unincorporated community in western Lincoln County, West Virginia, United States. Its elevation is 597 feet (182 m). Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 25540.

Lincoln County, West Virginia

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,463. Its county seat is Hamlin. The county was created in 1867 and named for Abraham Lincoln.

Hamlin, West Virginia

Hamlin, originally named "Hamline," is a town in Lincoln County, West Virginia, United States, along the Mud River. The population was recorded as 1,039 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Lincoln County. As of the 2020 census, the MSA had a population of 359,862.

Teays Valley, West Virginia

Teays Valley ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States. The place is divided into the two districts of Teays Valley and Scott Depot. The population was 14,350 at the 2020 census.

Putnam County, West Virginia

Putnam County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 57,440. Its county seat is Winfield.

Winfield, West Virginia

Winfield is a town in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 2,393 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Putnam County.

Doland, South Dakota

Doland is a city in eastern Spink County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 199 at the 2020 census.

Gunnar Berge

Gunnar Berge (born 29 August 1940) is a Norwegian politician. He has been a member of the Labour Party.

Berge was born in Etne, Hordaland. 

Berge represented Rogaland in the Norwegian Parliament from 1969 to 1993. He was Minister of Finance from 1986 to 1989, Minister of Local Government and Regional Development from 1992 to 1997.

He was also member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 1997 to 2002, as leader from 2000 to 2002.

Berit Reiss-Andersen

Berit Reiss-Andersen (born 11 July 1954) is a Norwegian lawyer, author and politician. She is a member of the Norwegian Labour Party. She is chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee since 2017. She is also a board member of the Nobel Foundation.

Before, she was state secretary for the Minister of Justice and Police from 1996 to 1997 and as President of the Norwegian Bar Association from 2008 to 2012. 

Erin O'Toole

Erin Michael O'Toole (born January 22, 1973) is a Canadian former politician. He was the leader of the Conservative Party and the Leader of the Official Opposition from August 24, 2020 until February 2, 2022. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada representing the electoral area of Durham from 2012 until 2023. 

O'Toole was Minister of Veterans Affairs in 2015. In 2017, O'Toole ran in the 2017 Conservative leadership race to replace Stephen Harper, where he finished third.

From 2017 until 2020, O'Toole was the Official Opposition Critic for Foreign Affairs. 

In January 2020, O'Toole announced his candidacy for the 2020 Conservative leadership election. On August 24, he won the election. He beat Peter MacKay and became the leader of the party.

During the 2021 Canadian federal election, the Conservative Party won 119 seats (the same as in 2019), however still did not win the majority seats needed to form a government. On February 2, 2022, O'Toole was removed as leader in a vote by Conservative MPs. By secret ballot, O'Toole was removed as leader by a margin of 73 votes to 45.

Donn Trenner

Donald "Donn" Trenner (March 10, 1927 – May 16, 2020) was an American jazz pianist and arranger. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut. In the 1960s, Trenner worked as a studio musician, and led "The Steve Allen Show" house band.

From 1966 to 1978, he was married to actress B. J. Ward. From 1990 until her death in 2005, he was married to Marycarmen Jones. They had one daughter.

Trenner died on May 16, 2020 at the age of 93.


Tom Tiffany

Thomas P. Tiffany (born December 30, 1957) is an American businessman and politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Wisconsin's 7th congressional district since 2020. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Andre Drummond

Andre Jamal Drummond (born August 10, 1993) is an American professional basketball player. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) since 2019. He was selected by the Detroit Pistons in the first round of the 2012 NBA draft and played for them until 2019.

Stu Griffing

Stuart Lane "Stu" Griffing (born November 9, 1926) is an American rower. He competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut. In 1948 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.


Sigean

Sigean is a commune of 5,477 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Farmington, Connecticut

Farmington is a town in Hartford County in the Farmington Valley area of central Connecticut in the United States. The population was 26,712 at the 2020 census.

Sonnac-sur-l'Hers

Sonnac-sur-l'Hers is a commune of 135 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Glastonbury, Connecticut

Glastonbury is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The town was named after Glastonbury in Somerset, England. Glastonbury is located on the banks of the Connecticut River. The population was 35,159 at the 2020 census.

Souilhanels

Souilhanels is a commune of 365 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Souilhe

Souilhe is a commune of 319 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Soulatgé

Soulatgé is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

B. J. Ward

Betty Jean Ward (born September 12, 1944), professionally known as B. J. Ward, is an American actress and singer. She is the creator and star of "Stand-Up Opera". She was born in Wilmington, Delaware. She toured with the Groundlings for a short while before starting her voice over career on Hanna-Barbera's "Jana of the Jungle" in 1978.

From 1966 to 1978, she was married to pianist Donn Trenner. Later, she was married to director Gordon Hunt from 1995 until his death in 2016. They had a daughter. 


Soupex

Soupex is a commune of 270 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Talairan

Talairan is a commune of 467 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Taurize

Taurize is a commune of 113 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie, in the Aude department in the south of France.

Termes, Aude

Termes is a commune of 38 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Thézan-des-Corbières

Thézan-des-Corbières is a commune of 544 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Tourette-Cabardès

La Tourette-Cabardès is a commune of 23 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Tournissan

Tournissan is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Tourouzelle

Tourouzelle is a commune of 469 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Trassanel

Trassanel is a commune of 34 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Trausse

Trausse is a commune of 590 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

John Backus

John Warner Backus (December 3, 1924 – March 17, 2007) was an American computer scientist. He directed the team that invented FORTRAN, the first widely used high-level programming language. He was the inventor of the Backus–Naur form (BNF). 

He received the National Medal of Science in 1975 and the 1977 ACM Turing Award.

Treilles

Treilles is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Elena Delle Donne

Elena Delle Donne (born September 5, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Mystics of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She was born in Wilmington, Delaware.

Delle Donne played a successful college basketball career for the Delaware Blue Hens from 2009 to 2013. She was drafted by the Chicago Sky with the 2nd overall pick of the 2013 WNBA Draft, and led the Sky to the 2014 WNBA Finals.

She would later be traded to the Washington Mystics and lead them to their first WNBA Championship in franchise history in 2019. Delle Donne has won two WNBA Most Valuable Player Awards (2015, 2019).

Tréville

Tréville is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Chicago Sky

The Chicago Sky are an American professional basketball team in Chicago. They play in the Eastern Conference of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). It was founded before the 2006 season began. It is owned by Michael J. Alter (principal owner) and Margaret Stender (minority owner). The team was very successful from 2013 to 2016, making four playoff appearances and playing in the 2014 WNBA Finals.

Tréziers

Tréziers is a commune of 100 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Wintrust Arena

Wintrust Arena at McCormick Square, also known as DePaul Arena or McCormick Place Events Center, is a 10,387-seat sports venue in Chicago's Near South Side community area that opened in 2017. 

It is the current home court for the men's and women's basketball teams of DePaul University. It is also an events center for McCormick Place. It also is the home of the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).

Tuchan

Tuchan is a commune of 786 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Matt Gaetz

Matthew Louis Gaetz II (; born May 7, 1982) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is known as a strict Trump supporter.

In March 2021, Gaetz was being investigated for having a sexual relationship with a 17-year-old girl in 2019, and that investigators were examining whether he had violated federal sex trafficking laws by allegedly paying her to travel with him. 

On March 30, 2021, "Axios" reported that Gaetz was "seriously considering not seeking re-election and possibly leaving Congress early for a job at Newsmax".

Bellflower, California

Bellflower is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Washington Court House, Ohio

Washington Court House (often abbreviated as Washington C.H.) is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Fayette County.

Wauseon, Ohio

Wauseon is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Fulton County.

Mount Gilead, Ohio

Mount Gilead is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Morrow County.

Chattahoochee County, Georgia

Chattahoochee County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 9,565 people lived there. The county seat is Cusseta.

Chattooga County, Georgia

Chattooga County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 24,965 people lived there. The county seat is Summerville.

Coffee County, Georgia

Coffee County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 43,092 people lived there. The county seat is Douglas.

Colquitt County, Georgia

Colquitt County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 45,898 people lived there. The county seat is Moultrie.

I, the Jury (1982 movie)

I, the Jury is a 1982 American crime drama movie directed by Richard T. Heffron and is the second adaption of the 1947 novel of the same name by Mickey Spillane. It stars Armand Assante, Barbara Carrera, Laurene Landon, Alan King, Geoffrey Lewis, Judson Scott, Paul Sorvino and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Kadar Chowk

Kadar Chowk is a town and Nagar panchayat in Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. As per Census 2011 India, the total population is 1,66,578. 89,303 are males and 77,275 are females.

Jagat

Jagat is a town and Nagar panchayat in the Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. As of the 2011 Census of India, the total population of the town is 7,787 people.

Lakh

Lakh is the number 10^5, obtained by multiplying ten-thousand by 10, also named one hundred thousand. The word lakh is used in India. It is written as 1,00,000 in India and 100,000 in most other countries. 100 lakh is one crore.

Yellow Sky

Yellow Sky is a 1948 American western movie directed by William A. Wellman and is based on the William Shakespeare's "The Tempest". It stars Gregory Peck, Anne Baxter, Robert Arthur, Richard Widmark, Charles Kemper and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was remade in 1967 as "The Jackals".


Childbed fever

Childbed fever is an bacterial infection of the female reproductive tract, which occurs after a woman has given birth or after a miscarriage. It is also known as postpartum infection, or puerperal fever. In the developed world, it affects about one to two percent of all births. It can develop into a life-threatening sepsis. Cesarean section is one of the risk factors. For this reason, all women undergoing a Cesarean section receive antibiotics. 

Johnny Belinda

Johnny Belinda is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Jean Negulesco and based on the 1940 play of the same name by Elmer Blaney Harris. It stars Jane Wyman, Lew Ayres, Charles Bickford, Agnes Moorehead, Stephen McNally and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 12 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1949.

The movie is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:


All-time Asian Games medal table

Below is the all time medal table for Summer Asian Games from 1951 to 2018. This does not include the medals won at the Asian Winter Games and hosted by the Olympic Council of Asia.




Day of Wrath

Day of Wrath () is a 1943 Danish drama movie directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and based on the 1909 play "Anne Pedersdotter" by Hans Wiers-Jenssen. It stars Thorkild Roose, Olaf Ussing, Preben Neergaard, Lisbeth Movin, Preben Lerdorff Rye, Sigrid Neiiendam and was distributed by Janus Films.


Bangweulu Wetlands

The Bangweulu Wetlands are a wetland area in north-eastern Zambia.

Bangweulu, which means "where the water sky meets the sky", is found mostly within Zambia's Northern Province and known by the Ramsar Convention as one of the world's most important wetlands. The region has flood-plains, seasonally flooded grasslands, woodlands, andswamps, fed by rivers near it.

The ecosystem has "Cyperus papyrus", floating grasses, miombo woodland, and reeds that support a lot of crocodiles, fish, and water birds. Some mammals in the Bangweulu Wetlands are buffalo, zebra, elephants, hippopotamus, hyenas, jackals, lechwe, sable antelope, and sitatunga. Millions of straw-coloured fruit bats go to Bangweulu's Mushitu swamp forest, in Kasanka National Park. In 2016, African Parks partnered with Fondation Segré to help 600 animals, including hartebeest, impala, and puku, into the wetlands.

Bangweulu has been called a "Important Bird Area" by BirdLife International. The wetlands are home to more than 400 bird species, including cormorants, ducks, egrets, Geese, herons, ibises, pygmy goose, and waders. Other animals found in Bangweulu include the great white pelican, saddle-billed stork, spoonbill, and wattled crane.

Bangweulu holds several villages, and around 50,000–90,000 people depend on the wetlands, resulting in human–wildlife conflict. The ecosystem could be damaged by habitat burning for farming, overfishing, and poaching. 75 poachers were arrested in 2010, and 115 were arrested in 2011. The use of mosquito nets for fishing has lessened fish populations in Bangweulu and Zambia.


The Gods Must Be Crazy II

The Gods Must Be Crazy II is a 1989 South African Botswanan movie directed by Jamie Uys and is the sequel to the 1980 "The Gods Must Be Crazy". It stars N!xau reprising his role, Hans Strydom, Lena Farugia and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


All-time Asian Winter Games medal table

The total medal count for all Asian Winter Games from 1986 Asian Winter Games in Sapporo, Japan to 2017 Asian Winter Games in Sapporo, Japan is tabulated below.



Black softshell turtle

The black soft-shell turtle or Bostami turtle ("Nilssonia nigricans") is a species of freshwater turtle found in India (Assam) and Bangladesh (Chittagong and Sylhet). It was long believed to be inbred individuals of the Indian softshell turtle ("A. gangeticus" or "N. gangeticus") or the Indian peacock softshell turtle ("A. hurum" or "N. hurum"), but later found to be a distinct species.In the 1800s it was believed these turtles were brought from Iran to Chittagong shrine pond by Hazrat Bayezid Bostami. His turtles he had brought to this pond were treated as sacred and respected by the public. Previously declared extinct by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 2002, these turtles were found to still exist in a temple’s pond called the Hayagriva Madhava Temple located in Assam, India. Through conservation methods and protection of the species, some of these turtles can be found today throughout the wild, and scientists and environmental biologists are continuing to work hard to preserve this endangered species and their natural habitat.

Asian Winter Games

The Asian Winter Games (AWG) is an international multi-sport event held every four years for members of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) which features winter events.



The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (1939 movie)

The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a 1939 American mystery movie directed by Alfred L. Werker and is the second movie of the fourteen movies in the series. It stars Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, Ida Lupino, George Zucco, Alan Marshall, Terry Kilburn, Arthur Hohl and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


2015 Formula One World Championship

In the 2015 Formula One season, Lewis Hamilton won the championship with Mercedes.

Thailand at the Asian Games

Thailand has competed at every celebration of the Asian Games, including hosting the Games in 1966, 1970, 1978 and 1998. Thai athletes have won a total of 109 gold medals (7th out of 37) and 463 overall medals (5th out of 43) at the Asian Games.


At Gunpoint

At Gunpoint is a 1955 American western movie directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Fred MacMurray, Dorothy Malone, Walter Brennan, Skip Homeier, Tommy Rettig, John Qualen. It was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures.


All-time Asian Para Games medal table

Below is the all time medal table for Summer Asian Para Games from 2010 to 2018. This does not include the medals won at the other events hosted by the Asian Paralympic Committee.



The Rains Came

The Rains Came is a 1939 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and is based on the novel of the same name by Louis Bromfield. It stars Myrna Low, Tyrone Power, Nigel Bruce, George Brent, Brenda Joyce, Mary Nash, Jane Darwell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won Academy Award in 1940 and was remade in 1955 under the title "The Rains of Ranchipur".


The Great Redeemer

The Great Redeemer is a 1920 American western drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and Maurice Tourneur and stars House Peters, Marjorie Daw, Jack McDonald, Joseph Singleton. It was distributed by Metro Pictures.


Asian Para Games

The Asian Para Games is a multi-sport event regulated by the Asian Paralympic Committee that held every four years after every Asian Games for athletes with physical disabilities.


Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (1932 movie)

Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a 1932 American children's drama movie directed by Alfred Santell and is the second adaption of the 1903 novel and 1910 play of the same name. It stars Marian Nixon, Ralph Bellamy, Mae Marsh, Louise Closser Hale, Sarah Padden, Alphonse Ethier and distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Lillian Russell (movie)

Lillian Russell is a 1940 American biographical musical drama movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Alice Faye, Henry Fonda, Don Ameche, Edward Arnold, Warren William, Leo Carrillo, Nigel Bruce, Irving Bacon, Lew Fields, Helen Westley, Ernest Truex. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1941.

Lluís Juste de Nin

Lluís Juste de Nin (1945 – 21 May 2020) was a Spanish illustrator, cartoonist and fashion designer. 

He was creative director for the Spanish fashion label Armand Basi. His work was first published in the 1960s. His political cartoons were used to criticize Francisco Franco. He signed his works as "El Zurdo". For many years, he was engaged in creating illustrations for articles by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán in "Mundo Obrero".

Juste de Nin died on 21 May 2020 in Barcelona of cancer at the age of 75.

Surapong Tovichakchaikul

Surapong Tovichakchaikul (May 1, 1953 – May 20, 2020) was a Thai politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Thailand from 2011 to 2014. He was born in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. He was a member of the Pheu Thai Party.

Surapong died on 20 May 2020 of liver cancer at a hospital in Bangkok, aged 67.

Head of the Virgin (Pittoni)

Head of the Virgin (also known as La Tête de Vierge or La Testa della Vergine) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1730, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, 
exhibited at the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg. Many people Think Head of the Virgin's eyes glance is mysterious, as at the time it was not portrayed with a low gaze.

The remote pictorial touch, the delicate palette, are typical Pittoni characteristics. The work is the detail of the great painting that can be found in the National Gallery in London titled «The Nativity with God the Father and the Holy Spirit». The painting could be a cover created for sale by Pittoni or a preparatory sketch ("The Croquis") for the altarpiece as for the similar work from Berlin.
The closed eyes that look down, for the time, a unique and rare representation of the Madonna, which is also repeated in the Pittoni The Nativity with God the Father and the Holy Ghost of the London National Gallery museum. 

It is possible that Pittoni looks for further mystical strength in it, exasperating the interpretation of the critic Alexander Nagel on Leonardo da Vinci's "Head of a Woman" in which "the eyes do not focus on any outward object, and they give the impression that they will remain where they are: they see through the filter of an inner state, rather than receive immediate impressions from the outside world. It is the attitude of being suspended in a state of mind beyond specific thoughtunaware, even, of its own body...here an inner life is suggested by a new order of pictorial effects, without recourse to action or narrative."


Philippines at the Asian Para Games

The Philippines has competed at every iteration of the Asian Para Games which was first held in Guangzhou, China.


Iran at the Asian Para Games

Iran first participated at the Asian Para Games in 2010, and has sent athletes to compete in every Asian Para Games since then. The National Paralympic Committee for Iran is the "I.R. Iran National Paralympic Committee".



Pat Dye

Patrick Fain Dye (November 6, 1939 – June 1, 2020) was an American football player, coach, writer and college athletics administrator. He was the head football coach at East Carolina University (1974–1979), the University of Wyoming (1980), and Auburn University (1981–1992). He was the Athletic Director at Auburn from 1981 to 1991.

From 1961 to 1962, he played for the Edmonton Eskimos.

He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2005. On November 19, 2005 the playing field in the stadium at Auburn University was named 'Pat Dye Field' in his honor.

Dye was born in Blythe, Georgia. He studied at the University of Georgia. Dye wrote two autobiographies and a children's book. He lived in Auburn, Alabama.

On May 21, 2020 Dye was hospitalized in Atlanta for kidney-related problems. He was later diagnosed with COVID-19. He died under hospice care of liver failure and kidney failure in Auburn on June 1, 2020 at the age of 80.

Blythe, Georgia

Blythe is a city in Richmond County in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 744. It is part of the Augusta, Georgia metropolitan area.

Richmond County, Georgia

Richmond County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 206,607. It is one of the original counties of Georgia, created February 5, 1777.

Margaret Maughan

Margaret Maughan (19 June 1928May 2020) was a British competitive archer, dartcher and bowls competitor. She was Britain's first gold medalist at the Paralympic Games, and won four gold and two silver medals at the Games. She lit the cauldron at the Olympic Stadium in London at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She was born in Lancashire, England. She competed in the 1960, 1972, 1976 and 1980 games. 

At first, Maughan worked as a science teacher. Maughan was paralyzed from the waist down and left unable to walk by a road accident in Malawi in 1959.

Maughan died in May 2020 of problems caused by her spinal cord injury, aged 91.

Per aspera ad astra

"Per aspera ad astra" (or the alternative "Ad astra per aspera") is a Latin phrase that means "through suffering to the stars". The phrase is one of the many Latin phrases that use the expression "ad astra", meaning "to the stars".

Various organizations and groups use this expression and its variants.



























Worcester Primary School RSA








Shahdol district

Shahdol district is a district of Madhya Pradesh state in India. It is rich in coal, and is a tribal district. Dhanpuri SECL coal mines, the soda factory, Orient Paper Mills, and the Reliance Gas plant are major employers.

Kirby Morrow

Kirby Robert Morrow (August 28, 1973 – November 18, 2020) was a Canadian actor, writer and comedian. Morrow was born in Jasper, Alberta.

He was known as the voice of Miroku from "InuYasha", Van Fanel from the Ocean dub of "Escaflowne", Cyclops from "X-Men Evolution", Jay from "Class of the Titans", Teru Mikami from "Death Note", Goku from Ocean's dub of "Dragon Ball Z" and Cole from "Lego Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu". 

Iran at the Universiade

Iran first participated at the Universiade in 1973, and has sent athletes to some editions of Summer Universiade.



Universiade

The Universiade is an international multi-sport event, organized for university athletes by the International University Sports Federation (FISU).


The Peanuts Movie

The Peanuts Movie is a 2015 computer-animated comedy movie made by 20th Century Fox and Blue Sky Studios. It was released on November 6, 2015 in the United States. It follows Charlie Brown and Snoopy in the movie.


Additional voices were provided by: Dee Bradley Baker, Dan Castellaneta, Brad Garrett, Jennifer Hale, Julie Kavner, Russell Means, Rob Paulsen, Ariel Winter, Carlos Alazraqui, Bob Bergen, Rodger Bumpass, Jim Cummings, Tate Donovan, Bill Farmer, Bob Joles, Phil LaMarr, Sherry Lynn, Tress MacNeille, Danny Mann, Mickie McGowan, Laraine Newman, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Steve Susskind, Erik von Detten, Jim Ward and April Winchell.


Turkey at the Universiade

Turkey participates at the Summer Universiade from 1985.



Iran at the Asian Games

Iran first participated at the Asian Games in 1951, and has sent athletes to compete in every Asian Games since then, except for 1954, 1962 and 1978.


Iran at the Youth Olympics

Iran has participated at the Summer and Winter Youth Olympic Games in every edition since the inaugural 2010 Games and 2012 Games.

No medals won.


Azerbaijan at the Youth Olympics

Azerbaijan has participated at the Summer Youth Olympic Games in every edition since the inaugural 2010 Games and they participated the first time at the Winter Youth Olympic Games on 2020 Games.



Iran at the Deaflympics

Iran has been participating at the Deaflympics since 1957. It has earned a total of 234 medals.



Turkey at the Deaflympics

Turkey has been participating at the Deaflympics since 1989 and has earned a total of 108 medals.



Deaflympics

The Deaflympics (previously called World Games for the Deaf, and International Games for the Deaf) are an International Olympic Committee (IOC)-sanctioned event at which deaf athletes compete at an elite level.

Iran at the Paralympics

Iran first competed at the Paralympic Games in 1988, at the Summer Games in Seoul, South Korea.


Iran at the World Games

Iran, officially the Islamic Republic of Iran is participating in World Games since 1993.

Italy at the Military World Games

Italy at the Military World Games has participated in all editions held, since the first edition of 1995 Military World Games.


Military World Games

The Military World Games is a multi-sport event for military sportspeople, organized by the International Military Sports Council (CISM). The Games have been held since 1995, although championships for separate sports had been held for some years.

Source: 


The Victors (movie)

The Victors is a 1963 British American World War II movie directed by Carl Foreman and based on the novel "The Human Kind" by Alexander Baron. It stars Albert Finney, Vincent Edwards, George Hamilton, Eli Wallach, Maurice Ronet, George Peppard, Romy Schneider, Jeanne Moreau, Jim Mitchum, Mervyn Johns, Peter Fonda, Elke Sommer, Peter Vaughan and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


America, America

America, America is a 1963 American drama movie directed by and based on the novel of the same name by Elia Kazan. It stars Stathis Giallelis, Frank Wolff, Estelle Hemsley, Lou Antonio, Joanna Frank, Salem Ludwig, Paul Mann, Robert H. Harris, Katharine Balfour and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1964.


Banda district

Banda district is a district of Uttar Pradesh state, India. Banda is side of kanpur and before chitrakoot

Kes (movie)

Kes is a 1969 British drama movie directed by Ken Loach and based on the 1968 novel "A Kestrel for a Knave" by Barry Hines. It stars Dai Bradley, Freddie Fletcher, Lynne Perrie, Colin Welland, Brian Glover, Duggie Brown and was distributed by United Artists.

Paige Hauschild

Paige Hauschild (born August 17, 1999) is an American water polo player. She was part of the gold medal-winning American team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest. She participated at the 2016 FINA Women’s Water Polo World Youth Championships, 2018 FINA World Cup, and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for University of Southern California's women's water polo team for the 2018 NCAA Champion season.

The Last Shot You Hear

The Last Shot You Hear is a 1969 British thriller movie directed by Gordon Hessler and based on the play "The Sound of Murder" by William Fairchild. It stars Hugh Marlowe, Zena Walker, Patricia Haines, William Dysart, Thorley Walters, Lionel Murton and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Memories of Underdevelopment

Memories of Underdevelopment () is a 1968 Cuban drama movie directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea and based on the novel "Inconsolable Memories" by Edmundo Desnoes (who also stars). It stars Sergio Corrieri, Daisy Granados, René Depestre and was distributed by ICAIC.


A Quiet Place in the Country

A Quiet Place in the Country (, ) is a 1968 French Italian thriller movie directed by Elio Petri and based on the short story "The Beckoning Fair One" by Oliver Onions. It stars Vanessa Redgrave, Franco Nero, Georges Géret, Gabriella Boccardo and was distributed by United Artists.

Smilla's Sense of Snow

Smilla's Sense of Snow is a 1997 Danish German Icelandic Swedish mystery thriller movie directed by Bille August and based on the 1992 novel of the same name by Peter Høeg. It stars Julia Ormond, Gabriel Byrne, Richard Harris, Jim Broadbent, Vanessa Redgrave, Tom Wilkinson, Robert Loggia, Bob Peck, David Schwimmer, Peter Capaldi, Jürgen Vogel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A Night in Heaven

A Night in Heaven is a 1983 American romantic drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and starring Christopher Atkins, Lesley Ann Warren, Robert Logan, Deney Terrio, Deborah Rush, Carrie Snodgress, Andy Garcia. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office bomb.


Chambal River

The Chambal River is a tributary of the Yamuna River in central India. It forms a significant portion of the Greater Gangetic drainage arrangement.The river passes through the states of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh. Major tributaries of the Chambal River include Mej, Banas, Kali Sindh, Parbati, and Shipra. The river flows north-northeast through Madhya Pradesh. It is a perennial river, which originates from a place near Manspura in Janapao Hills in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. It is 1,024 km long, and its basin size is 143,219 square km. The Gandhi Sagar Dam is the first of the four dams built on the Chambal River, located on the Rajasthan-Madhya Pradesh border. It is a 64 metre high masonry gravity dam, with a live storage capacity of 6,920 MCM (million cubic metres) and a catchment area of 22,584 square km, of which only 1,537 square km is in Rajasthan.

Functional analysis

Functional analysis is a branch of mathematical analysis. This area emerged from the studies of differential equations (especially partial differential equations). It has many applications in various fields. One of the famous use is numerical analysis.

West 11

West 11 is a 1963 British crime drama movie directed by Michael Winner and based on the 1961 novel "The Furnished Room" by Laura Del-Rivo. It stars Alfred Lynch, Diana Dors, Eric Portman, Freda Jackson, Finlay Currie, Brian Wilde, Kathleen Breck, Patrick Wymark, Larry Dann, David Hemmings, Francesca Annis.

The Eyes of Annie Jones

The Eyes of Annie Jones is a 1964 British American drama movie directed by Reginald Le Borg and based on the story by Henry Slesar. It stars Richard Conte, Francesca Annis, Joyce Carey, Shay Gorman, Victor Brooks, Mark Dignam, Alan Haines and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Young Swingers

The Young Swingers is a 1963 American musical comedy movie directed by Maury Dexter and starring Rod Lauren, Molly Bee, Gene McDaniels, Jack Larson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

List of Paramount Pictures movies


List of Columbia Pictures movies

The following are lists of Columbia Pictures films:








Interval arithmetic

Interval arithmetic is a specific type of computer arithmetic for (mathematical) intervals. It is mainly used for the automated detection of errors. There is a value, which isn't known exactly, but which can be given by an interval: the value is known to be inside the interval. There's a function to calculate the error. This function should be given the unknown value, but instead can only be given the interval. The result is a function which will map intervals.

Interval arithmetic can be used to treat rounding errors, or to treat insecurities with measurements: Each measurement has a certain error, which cannot be determined exactly.

For real intervals (interval of real numbers), interval arithmetic is defined as follows:


Interval arithmetic is mainly used in the field of validated numerics. It is also used in other technical areas.

Since the birth of interval arithmetic, many experts have made interval arithmetic programs. The most famous works are INTLAB (made with MATLAB), arb, JuliaIntervals, and kv.

There are several international conferences about interval arithmetic. One of the most largest meeting is the International Symposium on Scientific Computing, Computer Arithmetic, and Validated Numerics (usually abbreviated as SCAN). There are also SWIM (Small Workshop on Interval Methods), PPAM (International Conference on Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics), and REC (International Workshop on Reliable Engineering Computing).




Strawberry and Chocolate

Strawberry and Chocolate () is a 1993 Cuban Mexican comedy drama movie directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea and Juan Carlos Tabío and is based on the 1990 short story "The Wolf, The Forest and the New Man" by Senel Paz. It stars Jorge Perugorría, Vladimir Cruz, Mirta Ibarra, Francisco Gattorno and was distributed by Miramax Films. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1995.

Remote Control (1992 movie)

Remote Control is a 1992 Icelandic comedy movie directed by Óskar Jónasson and stars Björn Jörundur Friðbjörnsson, Icelandic metal band HAM, Helga Braga Jónsdóttir, Björn Karlsson.


Z for Zachariah

Z for Zachariah is a 2015 Icelandic New Zealand Swiss science fiction movie directed by Craig Zobel and based on the novel of the same name by Robert C. O'Brien. It stars Chris Pine, Margot Robbie, Chiwetel Ejiofor and was distributed by Lionsgate Films.

Faysal Ahmed

Faysal Ahmed is a Somali-American actor from Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was born in Mogadishu, Somalia in 1985. He was raised in Yemen in his childhood and at the age of 14 his family settled in USA.

He is most known for his role in the 2013 movie "Captain Phillips", where he played Najee.

Ashes and Diamonds (movie)

Ashes and Diamonds is a 1958 Polish World War II drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Jerzy Andrzejewski. It stars Zbigniew Cybulski, Ewa Krzyżewska, Adam Pawlikowski, Ignacy Machowski and was distributed by KADR.


Space Master X-7

Space Master X-7 is a 1958 American science fiction movie directed by Edward Bernds and starring Bill Williams, Lyn Thomas, Robert Ellis, Paul Frees, Rhoda Williams, Moe Howard, Thomas Browne Henry. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Blood Arrow

Blood Arrow is a 1958 American western movie directed by Charles Marquis Warren and starring Scott Brady, Paul Richards, Phyllis Coates, Don Haggerty, Diana Darrin, Jeanne Bates. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Moulin Rouge (1952 movie)

Moulin Rouge is a 1952 British drama movie directed by John Huston and based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Pierre La Mure. It stars Zsa Zsa Gabor, José Ferrer, Suzanne Flon, Katherine Kath, Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, Michael Balfour and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1953.


Rabie Ablak

Rabie Ablak, or Rabie Al-Ablak (born 1987), is a Moroccan journalist. He is a part of the Hirak Rif Movement. He has been on hunger strike to protest his detention and inhumane treatment.
Some of his hunger strikes lasted more than 40 days; he was taken to hospital several times for treatment. The total of his hunger strikes are more than 284 days.

He was a writer for the electronic newspaper Badil, founded by Hamid El Mahdaoui, in the town of Al Hoceima, where he had a part in the Popular Rif movement along with Nasser Zafzafi.

Rabie was arrested on 28 May 2017, in the town of Al Hoceïma. 
According to Amnesty International, he was tortured. 
He was sentenced to five years' of prison in Tangier II prison. On 6 September 2019, he began a new hunger strike.

High Noon

High Noon is a 1952 American western movie directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper, Thomas Mitchell, Grace Kelly, Lloyd Bridges, Otto Kruger, Lon Chaney Jr., Harry Morgan, Katy Jurado, Lee Van Cleef. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1953.


Antifeminism

Antifeminism is opposition to some or all forms of feminism. It has changed over the years and in different cultures. In the late 19th century and early 20th century antifeminists were opposed to women's suffrage, that is allowing women to vote in elections. In the United States in they also opposed the Equal Rights Amendment, which would give change the Constitution to give both men and women equal rights. In the 21st century, antifeminists believe that feminism is not about rights for women, but is about taking away the rights of men.

A Talking Cat!?!

A Talking Cat!?! is a 2013 independent children's film directed by David DeCoteau. The film was released by Phase 4 Films direct to DVD on February 18, 2013. Eric Roberts is featured as the voice of the talking cat.

Two families with one parent are brought together by Duffy (Eric Roberts), a cat who can talk. Phil Barber, (Johnny Whitaker), a wealthy man, recently sold his computer company to spend more time with his son Chris (Justin Cone), a model, who does not care about this decision. At the same time, Susan (Kristine DeBell) is finding it hard to make enough money as a caterer with her two children Tina (Janis Peebles) and Trent (Daniel Dannas). Duffy then enters the families' lives, talking to them to give them advice, but can only talk to each person once.


The film is one of several direct-to-video family films directed by David DeCoteau using the false name Mary Crawford. It was shot in three days in the same mansion as his "1313" series. Eric Roberts' dialogue was recorded in 15 minutes.

The film is mostly hated. Film.com hated Duffy. "The A.V. Club" gave a mostly negative review for the film, but said "for lovers of utter, unredeemable trash, it is highly recommended." CraveOnline also gave a negative review, but said the film should be for "Bad Movie Night".

In an interview, DeCoteau, talking about the film, said "people have called me who I haven't seen since high school who said, 'David, after 100 movies you've finally made a movie we like.'" He added, "I watched it again, because I hadn't seen it since we made it, and it is so ridiculous and hilarious and over-the-top."


Ulrich Müther

Ulrich Müther (21 July 1934 - 21 August 2007) was an East German builder.

He was born in Binz. In 1953, his family's construction firm was taken. In 1958, he became manager of the company. In 1993, his firm went bankrupt, during German reunification.

He was influenced by Felix Candela and Oscar Niemeyer. He designed and built about 74 concrete shell buildings.



Groesbeek

Groesbeek is a town and former municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. On 1 January 2015, the former municipality merged with Millingen aan de Rijn and Ubbergen. The larger area was known as Groesbeek until 1 January 2016, when its name was changed to Berg en Dal.

Millingen aan de Rijn

Millingen aan de Rijn is a town and former municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. Since 2015, it has been part of the new municipality of Berg en Dal (formerly known as Groesbeek).

Slochteren

Slochteren is a village and former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2018, it has been part of the new municipality of Midden-Groningen.

Borger-Odoorn

Borger-Odoorn is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 25,372 people lived there.

De Wolden

De Wolden is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 24,110 people lived there.

Hoogeveen

Hoogeveen (Dutch Low Saxon: " 't Ogeveine" or " 't Oveine") is a town and municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 55,662 people lived there.

Midden-Drenthe

Midden-Drenthe is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 33,178 people lived there.

The municipality was created on 1 January 1998, in a merger of the former municipalities of Beilen, Smilde, and Westerbork. Between 1998 and 2000, the name of the municipality was Middenveld.

Noordenveld

Noordenveld is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 31,290 people lived there.

Tynaarlo

Tynaarlo is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 33,698 people lived there.

Westerveld

Westerveld is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 19,348 people lived there.

Marcelo Spina

Marcelo Spina (born July 23, 1970) is an Argentinean-American architect (AIA) and educator. He is a partner in Los Angeles-based architecture firm PATTERNS, which he founded in 2002. Since 2001, he has been a Design and Applied Studies Faculty at SCI-Arc.

He holds a B.Arch. from the National University of Rosario, Argentina (1994) and a Master in Advanced Architectural Design from the Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation of Columbia University in New York (1997).

Spina has worked for RUR Architects and Keller Easterling in New York and Gerardo Caballero Architects. He opened his own office Banchini + Spina Arquitectos in Rosario, Argentina (1998-2002). At SCI-Arc, he was the coordinator of the Applied Studies Program from 2005 to 2009 and the Architectural Technologies Postgraduate Program from 2011 to 2019. He has been a member of the Board of Trustees since 2016.
He has served on national juries and advisory boards such as The Architectural League of New York, Progressive Architecture Awards and the Mies Crown Hall Americas Prize. He has been a visiting professor at the Universities of Pennsylvania, Syracuse, Harvard, Berkeley, Vienna, Innsbruck, and Di Tella among others. In 2013, he was the Louis I. Kahn visiting assistant professor of Architectural Design at Yale University School of Architecture.
Spina is the co-author of PATTERNS Embedded (ACDCU, 2010), Material Beyond Materials (SCI-Arc Press 2012) and Mute Icons and other Dichotomies of the Real in Architecture (Princeton 2016). He co-curated Matters of Sensation at Artists Space with Georgina Huljich.


2019: AIA LA Merit Award, Casa del Sol, Mykonos

2017: AIA LA Merit Award, Janoian Medical Building, Glendale, CA

2016: AIA LA Merit Award, Victory Healthcare, North Hollywood, CA

2015: ACSA Faculty Award, Toronto, Canada

2014: American Architecture Award, The Chicago Athenaeum, Jujuy Redux, with MSA

2013: United States Artists Grigor Fellow, Los Angeles

2012: Honorable Mention, Jujuy Redux, AIA Annual Design Review AIA LA Merit Award, Jujuy Redux, Rosario, Argentina AIA LA Honor Award, Collective Void Dormitory, Puerto Rico First Prize, SCI-Arc Graduation Pavilion Competition, Los Angeles, CA

2011: Emerging Voices, Architectural League of New York, NY

2008: Graham Foundation Grant, "Matters of Sensation" Artists Space, New York, NY

2007: Honorific Mention, International Competition, Skopje Concert Hall, Skopje, Macedonia

2006: First Prize, Vertical Garden Invited Competition, MAK Center at the Schindler House, Los Angeles, CA

2004: Design Vanguard Selection, Architectural Record, New York, NY

2003: First Prize, SCI_Arc CafÈ, SCI-Arc Faculty Competition, Los Angeles, CA Third Prize, Young Architect of the Year Award, International Award Competition, Building Design, London, UK

1997: Honor Award for Excellence in Design, Columbia University, GSAPP, New York, NY William Kinne Prize

Among other places, his designs have most notably been exhibited at the Venice Biennale in Italy, MOCA, The Chicago Biennial, The MAK Museum, The Art Institute of Chicago, and the San Francisco MOMA.


Amstelveen

Amstelveen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 90,838 people lived there.

Beemster

Beemster is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2021, about 10,100 people lived there. 

Since 2022, it has been part of the municipality of Purmerend.

Valmigère

Valmigère is a commune of 17 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pakistan International Airlines Flight 8303

Pakistan International Airlines Flight 8303 was a flight in Pakistan. It was between Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore, Punjab and Jinnah International Airport in Karachi, Sindh. The plane crashed on its final approach into Karachi in the Model Colony area of the city on 22 May 2020. The crash killed 97 people of the 99 people on board and one on the ground. It injured 9 others: 2 on the plane and 7 on the ground.

Live Forever

Live Forever or Liveforever may refer to:





Wilson Roosevelt Jerman

Wilson Roosevelt Jerman (January 21, 1929 – May 16, 2020) was a butler. He worked for 11 different American presidents in the White House. He was born in Seaboard, North Carolina. 

Jerman was promoted to butler under John F. Kennedy, and continued in that role until his retirement in 1993 during the Bill Clinton administration. He returned to the White House in 2003 in the George W. Bush administration. He worked as a maitre d' and elevator operator for Barack Obama before his final retirement in 2012.

Jerman died at the age of 91 on May 16, 2020 from COVID-19 in Woodbridge, Virginia at the age of 91.

Seaboard, North Carolina

Seaboard is a town in Northampton County, North Carolina, United States.

The population was 542 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Northampton County, North Carolina

Northampton County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,471. Its county seat is Jackson.

Jackson, North Carolina

Jackson is a town in Northampton County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 430 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Northampton County.

Jackson is part of the Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina

Roanoke Rapids () is a city in Halifax County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 15,229 at the 2020 census.

Halifax County, North Carolina

Halifax County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,622. Its county seat is Halifax.

Halifax, North Carolina

Halifax is a town in Halifax County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 170 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Halifax County.

Weldon, North Carolina

Weldon is a town in Halifax County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,444 at the 2020 census.

Woodbridge, Virginia

Woodbridge is a census-designated place (CDP) in Prince William County, Virginia, United States, located south of Washington, D.C. It had 54,275 residents at the 2010 census. As of 2020, Woodbridge has 71,553 residents. 

Berith Bohm

"Berith" Maria Kristina Bohm (23 August 1932 – 14 May 2020) was a Swedish opera singer and actress. She performed in a talent show during her teens in Bromma and performed the song "Fjorton år tror jag visst att jag var". 

She began her stage career in Stockholm and then went to Stora Teatern in Gothenburg. Her best known theatre role was as Csardasfurstinnan in "Sköna Helena". She also performed at Volksoper in Vienna, Austria.

Bohm died on 14 May 2020 at the age of 87.

Neil Howlett

Neil Howlett (24 July 1934 – 21 May 2020) was an English operatic baritone. He sang leading roles in major opera houses and festivals. He performed at the Royal Opera House, Teatro Colón, and the English National Opera, where he was the Principal Baritone for seventeen years. He was born in Mitcham, Greater London. 

Howlett was a professor at the Guildhall School of Music, and later, after retiring from full-time performance, Head of Vocal Studies at the Royal Northern College of Music. He taught privately in London and Lincolnshire.

Howlett died on 21 May 2020, aged 85.

Arnulf Kolstad

Arnulf Kolstad (23 April 1942 – 21 May 2020) was a Norwegian social psychologist. He was born in Oslo. He was a professor emeritus of Social Psychology at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 

He was appointed by the King-in-Council at the then-University of Trondheim in 1986 and was head of department for the Department of Psychology from 1990 to 1992. He became professor emeritus in 2012.

He was critical of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize going to Liu Xiaobo as "western arrogance".

Kolstad died on 21 May 2020 in Oslo, aged 78.

Sergey Kramarenko (pilot)

Sergei Makarovich Kramarenko (; 10 April 1923 – 21 May 2020) was a Soviet Air Force officer. He fought in World War II and the Korean War. He was honored withHero of the Soviet Union. He retired in 1977 with the rank of major-general. He was the last living Soviet flying ace of Korean War.

Kramarenko died on 21 May 2020, aged 97.

Alan Merten

Alan Gilbert Merten (December 27, 1941 – May 21, 2020) was an American educator. He was the fifth President of George Mason University from 1996 until his retirement in 2012. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Merten died on May 21, 2020 in Florida from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 78.

David Pawson

John David Pawson (25 February 1930 – 21 May 2020) was an English evangelical minister, writer, theologian and Bible. He was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. He was the pastor of Guildford Baptist Church. 

In "The Normal Christian Birth", Pawson argued that for a person to enter into Christianity, it should involve more than the simple "Sinner's Prayer". He also believed that a person who goes to hell, should stay there for eternity.

Pawson died on 21 May 2020, aged 90.


Ashley Cooper

Ashley John Cooper AO (15 September 1936 – 22 May 2020) was an Australian tennis player. He was born in Melbourne. He played from 1953 until 1968. He was seen as the world's best amateur player during the years of 1957 and 1958. Cooper won four singles and four doubles titles at Grand Slam tournaments. He won three of the four Grand Slam events in 1958. 

Cooper died on 22 May 2020 at the age of 83 after a long illness in Melbourne.

Green Island, New York

Green Island is a town and village in Albany County, New York, United States. The population was 2,934 at the 2020 census. The postal code is 12183.

Herkimer (village), New York

Herkimer is a village on the north side of the Mohawk River and the county seat of Herkimer County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 7,234.

German Flatts, New York

German Flatts is a town in Herkimer County, New York, United States. The population was 12,263 at the 2020 census.

Webb, New York

Webb is the northernmost town in Herkimer County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 1,797.

Mory Kanté

Mory Kanté (29 March 1950 – 22 May 2020) was a Guinean singer. He was born in Albadaria, French Guinea.

He was best known for his 1987 hit song "Yé ké yé ké", which reached number-one in Belgium, Finland, the Netherlands, and Spain. His album, "Akwaba Beach", was the best-selling African record of its time. On 16 October 2001, Kanté was nominated Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).

On 22 May 2020, Kanté died at a hospital in Conakry from a chronic disease, at the age of 70.


Anatoliy Matviyenko

Anatoliy Matviyenko (22 March 1953 – 22 May 2020) was a Ukrainian politician. He was born in Bershad, Vinnytsia Oblast. He was Governor of the Vinnytsia Oblast from 1996 to 1998. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 1990 to 1994, 1998 to 2005, 2006 to 2007 and again from 2014 until his death.

He was an activist of Komsomol in Ukraine (LKSMU) and by 1985 became a secretary of the Central Committee of LKSMU. In 1989-91 Matviyenko became the first secretary of the Ukrainian Komsomol and became a member of the Communist Party of Ukraine.

Matviyenko died on 22 May 2020 in Kiev, at the age of 67.


Luigi Simoni

Luigi "Gigi" Simoni (22 January 1939 – 22 May 2020) was an Italian football player and manager. He was born near Bologna, Italy.

He played for A.S.D. Mantova F.C., S.S.C. Napoli, Torino F.C., Juventus F.C., Brescia Calcio and Genoa C.F.C.. His playing career lasted from 1959 to 1974. He was known for managing Napoli and Inter Milano. His managing career lasted from 1974 to 2012.

Simoni died at his home on 22 May 2020 in Pisa, Italy from stroke-related problems, aged 81.

Giulio Savelli

Giulio Savelli (27 September 1941 – 12 May 2020) was an Italian politician and publisher. He was born in Rome. Savelli was elected to the Chamber of Deputies as a member of Forza Italia. He was a deputy from 1996 and 2001. 

Savelli died on 12 May 2020 in Rome at the age of 78.

2014 United States Senate election in Iowa

The 2014 United States Senate election in Iowa took place in Iowa on November 4, 2014. In it, Republican State Senator Joni Ernst faced off Democrat Bruce Baley. Ernst won the election with 52.1% of the vote to Baley's 43.8%.
Baley's campaign raised slightly more money than Ernst's. His campaign also spent a lot more of that money, spending $10 million, while Ernst's spent $6.6 million.

Three televised debates were set to occur, one in Des Moines, one in Davenport and one in Sioux City.

State Senator Joni Ernst ran in the primaries. She won all but eight of the counties in Iowa in the primaries, and 56.1% of the vote.

C.E.O. Mark Jacobs ran in the primaries. He won just one county in North Iowa, and 16.8% of the vote.

Radio host Sam Clovis ran in the primaries. He won seven counties in Northwest Iowa, and 18.0% of the vote.

Congressman Steve King decided against running.

Matthew Whitaker, an attorney, ran, but did not win any counties, and carried just 7.5% of the vote.

Ventenac-Cabardès

Ventenac-Cabardès is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lowndes County, Georgia

Lowndes County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 118,251 people lived there. The county seat is Valdosta.

Coronado, California

Coronado is a city in San Diego County, California.

Cook County, Georgia

Cook County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 17,229 people lived there. The county seat is Adel.

Adel, Georgia

Adel is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Cook County.

Argyle, Georgia

Argyle is a town in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Clinch County.

Dawson County, Georgia

Dawson County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 26,798 people lived there. The county seat is Dawsonville.

Dawsonville, Georgia

Dawsonville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Dawson County. The population was 3,720 at the 2020 census.

Woodsfield, Ohio

Woodsfield is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Monroe County.

Evans County, Georgia

Evans County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 10,774 people lived there. The county seat is Claxton.

Rain on Me (Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande song)

"Rain on Me" is a song by American singers Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande. It was released on May 22, 2020, as the second single from Gaga’s sixth studio album, "Chromatica". It was written by the singers with Rami Yacoub, Nija Charles, Alexander Ridha, and its producers, BloodPop, Tchami, and BURNS.

On June 1, 2020, it was announced that the song entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song became Gaga’s fifth number-one single in the US and Grande’s fourth. Grande became the first artist with four songs on the Hot 100 to enter at the top, passing Justin Bieber, Drake, and Mariah Carey, who had three each at the time. It became Gaga's second number-one entrance after "Born This Way" in 2011. The song is also the first female collaboration to enter at number one in the US.

Cyclone Amphan

Super Cyclonic Storm Amphan was a very powerful tropical cyclone that caused a lot of damage in East India and Bangladesh in May 2020. It caused over US$13 billion dollars of damage and killed a total of 118 people. It was the strongest cyclone to hit the Ganges Delta since Cyclone Sidr in 2007.

It formed on the 16 May in the Bay of Bengal and tracked into the Ganges Delta before dissipating on the 21 May.

Simone Budde

Simone Budde (born 2 January 1979) is a German water polo player. She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, 2007 World Aquatics Championships, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


Cyclone Kyarr

Super Cyclonic Storm Kyarr was a powerful tropical cyclone that was the first super cyclonic storm since 2007. The storm moved across the Arabian Sea and affected Western India, Arabia, and Somalia. Nobody was killed from the storm, as it never tracked over land.

2020 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2020 North Indian Ocean cyclone season is an ongoing event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. The North Indian Ocean cyclone season has no real bounds, but cyclones usually form between April and November, with the highest amount of storms in May and October.

There has been one tropical cyclone so far in the season, Cyclone Amphan. It was the strongest cyclone since 2007.

Tetraoxygen

Tetraoxygen (O), or oxozone, is a molecule made up of four oxygen atoms. It does not exist in nature anywhere and can only be made under extreme conditions in a lab. The molecule was first created in a lab in 2001.

June Almeida

June Dalziel Almedia (5 October 1930 – 1 December 2007) was a Scottish virologist. She had very good skills in electron microscopy. During the 2019–20 coronavirus outbreak, her research was used to help beat the virus.

William Lyon (general)

William Lyon (March 9, 1923 – May 22, 2020) was a major general of the United States Air Force. He was Commander of the United States Air Force Reserve Command. As chief of Air Force Reserve, Lyon was the principal adviser on Reserve matters to the Air Force Chief of Staff. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Lyon died on May 22, 2020 in Coto de Caza, California at the age of 97.

Coto de Caza, California

Coto de Caza (meaning "hunting preserve" in Spanish) is a census-designated place (CDP) and guard-gated private community in Orange County, California. The population was 14,710 at the 2020 census.


Hana Kimura

Kimura was trained at Wrestle-1's Professional Wrestling University.

She debuted on March 30, 2016 against Reika Saiki in a losing effort for Wrestle-1. The pair wrestled against each many times throughout 2016 for Wrestle-1.

Kimura killed herself by swallowing hydrogen sulfide on May 23, 2020, at the age of 22.

Syed Fazal Agha

Syed Muhammad Fazal Agha (; (1946 – 20 May 2020) was a Pakistani politician. He was Governor of Balochistan from August 18 to October 12 1999. He also was Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from 1988 to 1991. from Balochistan. He was a member of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan from 13 August 2018 till his death.

Agha was born in Killi Huramzai, Pishin District. He died on 20 May 2020 from COVID-19 in Karachi, aged 78.

Euler's formula

In complex analysis, Euler's formula, also sometimes called Euler's relation, is an equation involving complex numbers and trigonometric functions. More specifically, it states that

formula_1

where "x" is a real number, "e" is Euler's number and "i" is the imaginary unit.

It makes a relation between trigonometric functions and exponential functions of complex numbers. It is named after Leonhard Euler, who published it in 1748. When he published it, Euler said that the angle must be a real number. Later, it turned out that the formula also works if the angle is not a real number, but a complex one.

When the angle is formula_2 and formula_3, Euler's formula becomes formula_4 and formula_5, respectively.


Atropatene

Atropatene was an ancient kingdom that existed in part of what is now Iran. It existed with Darius III of Persia and Alexander the Great. It started in the 4th century BCE, in what is now northern Iran. Its capital was Ganzak. It ended as a vassal kingdom of the Parthian empire. In 226, the Sasanian empire conquered it. At that time it was probably more of a province of the Parthian empire than a kingdom, even though its rulers were kings. 

Today, many people see it as a predecessor of the modern state of Azerbaijan.

Virgin Komi Forests

The Virgin Komi Forests is a large woodland in the northern part of the Ural mountain range, in Russia. The forests are part of the Komi Republic of Russia. The forests cover an area of and are the largest virgin forests in Europe.

They were made a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1995. Most of the area is flat Taiga plain, about above sea level. They rise towards the Ural mountains.

They are threatened because parts of the area contain a lot of gold. Illegal logging is also a threat.

Leo the Last

Leo the Last is a 1970 British drama movie directed by John Boorman and based on the play "The Prince" by George Tabori. It stars Marcello Mastroianni, Billie Whitelaw, Calvin Lockhart, Brinsley Forde, Graham Crowden and was distributed by United Artists.


Knife in the Water

Knife in the Water () is a 1962 Polish drama movie directed by Roman Polanski in his directorial debut and stars Leon Niemczyk, Jolanta Umecka, Zygmunt Malanowi. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1964.


Numerical methods for partial differential equations

Numerical methods for partial differential equations are computational schemes to obtain approximate solutions of partial differential equations (PDEs).

Many PDEs appeared for the study of physics and other areas in science. Therefore, many mathematicians have challenged to make methods to solve them, but there is no method to mathematically solve PDEs except the Hirota direct method and the inverse scattering method. This is why numerical methods for PDEs are needed.
One of the most basic PDE solver is the finite difference method (FDM). This method approximates derivatives as differences:
This method works for easy problems. But it is powerless to some equations (such as the Navier–Stokes equations) because they are non-linear. Since this difficulty appeared, numerical analysts started to study other methods (just like the finite element method, FEM). On the other hand, some experts started to consider improvements for FDM.

Experts have discovered difference methods which preserves the property of the given PDE.
Ryogo Hirota, Mark Ablowitz and others have made methods that preserves the integrability (important mathematical property in the theory of dynamical systems) of PDEs. These methods are known to have better accuaracy than the original FDM.
Many PDEs have appeared from physics. So we can think about difference methods preserving physical properties. These difference methods are known as structure preserving numerical methods. The following list is the examples of them:
Some experts are studying their relation between numerical linear algebra.
The difference mthods in above have high accuracy, but their usage is limited because they depend on the behaviour of the given PDEs. This is why new types of FDM are still studied. For example, the following methods are studied:

Not only approximate solvers, but the study to "verify the existence of solution by computers" is also active. This study is needed because numerically obtained solutions could be phantom solutions (fake solutions). This kind of incident is already reported.

The scientific journal "Numerical Methods for Partial Differential Equations" is published to promote the studies of this area.
Chebfun is one of the most famous software in this field. They are also many libraries based on the finite element method such as:


Literatures for specific solvers are described as follows.



Ivan's Childhood

Ivan's Childhood (), sometimes released as My Name Is Ivan is a 1962 Russian World War II drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and is based on the 1957 short story "Ivan" by Vladimir Bogomolov. It stars Nikolai Burlyaev, Valentin Zubkov, Evgeny Zharikov, Nikolai Grinko and was distributed by Mosfilm.

Strike (1925 movie)

Strike (, translit. "Stachka") is a 1925 Russian drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein and stars Maskim Shtraukh, Grigori Aleksandrov, Aleksandr Antonov. It was distributed by Goskino Proletkult.


Ariel

Ariel is a 1988 Finnish drama movie directed and written by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Turo Pajala, Susanna Haavisto, Matti Pellonpää. It was distributed by Finnkino.


Drifting Clouds (movie)

Drifting Clouds () is a 1996 Finnish comedy drama movie directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Kati Outinen, Kari Väänänen, Markku Peltola, Elina Salo. It was distributed by Sputnik.


Kiss of the Spider Woman (movie)

Kiss of the Spider Woman () is a 1985 Brazilian American drama movie directed by Héctor Babenco and based on the 1976 novel of the same name by Manuel Puig. It stars William Hurt, Raul Julia, Sônia Braga, José Lewgoy, Milton Gonçalves, Míriam Pires and was distributed by Island Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Oscars, including Best Picture and won Best Actor for Hurt in 1986.

UK Championship

The UK Championship is a snooker tournament. It is one of the Triple Crown events, along with the World Championship and the Masters. It is the second-biggest ranking tournament, after the World Championship. Ronnie O'Sullivan has won the most times, and is the current champion.

2019 UK Championship

The 2019 UK Championship was a professional snooker tournament. It took place from 26 November to 8 December 2019. It was the 43rd UK Championship, and the seventh ranking tournament and the first Triple Crown event of the 2019–20 season. The event was shown on BBC Sport in the United Kingdom and on Eurosport in Europe. The tournament was sponsored by betting company Betway.

Ronnie O'Sullivan had won the 2018 event. O'Sullivan was beaten in the last 16 by Ding Junhui. Ding played Stephen Maguire in the final. Ding beat Maguire 10–6 to win his third UK championship.
The results of the event are shown below. The winners of each match are indicated in bold.


2018 UK Championship

The 2018 UK Championship was a snooker tournament, that took place from 27 November to 9 December 2018. It was the ninth ranking tournament and the first Triple Crown event of the 2018/2019 season. The event was shown on BBC Sport and Eurosport in the United Kingdom.

Ronnie O'Sullivan, the defending champion, defeated Mark Allen 10–6 in the final, winning his 7th UK Championship and his 34th ranking event overall. Stuart Bingham made the event's highest break of 145 in the first frame of his third round match against David Gilbert.

Kamil Tolon

Kamil Özdemir Tolon, better known as Kamil Tolon, (29 February 1912 - 23 July 1978) is a Turkish Entrepreneur, scientist, businessman and industrialist.

He was born as the second of the six child of Defterdar Muhittin Bey and Behiye Hanım. In 1937 he got married to Müeyyet Bulut, but his marriage ended in 1942. From his marriage with Müeyyet Bulut, they had two daughters, Abatun and Barkın Tolon. In 1943 Tolon was married for second time to Muzaffer Biliktü . After 1 year of their marriages Dara Tolon was born. In 1949 Cana Tolon was born.

When he graduated from university in 1935, he was appointed as PTT inspector. He resigned because of his experiences during his first inspection trip to Anatolia in 1937. After that, with Mayor of Bursa, Fahri Batıca, they had opened a shop. In this shop they produced Turkey's first washing machine. After that, his classmate Adnan Menderes suggested that Kamil Tolon produce electric motors. After that, he had produced Turkey's first electric motor. During that time, he had developed the copper wire machine. After that, he became a founder of Justice Party and BTSO.

He died in Switzerland on 23rd of July, 1978.

Krymsky Bridge

The Krymsky Bridge, also called the Crimean Bridge (), is a 6-lane steel suspension bridge in Moscow. It crosses the Moskva River southwest of the Kremlin. The bridge links the Crimean Square on the north side to the Krymsky Val street on the south side. It was built in 1938 and was part of Joseph Stalin's rebuilding of Central Moscow. It is the fourth bridge to be built on the site and the only suspension bridge in Moscow.

Philo of Byzantium

Philo of Byzantium (, about 280 BC to about 220 BC). He was also known as Philo Mechanicus. He was a Greek engineer, physicist and writer on mechanics. Although from Byzantium, he lived most of his life in Alexandria, Egypt. 

Philo was the author of a large work, "Mechanike syntaxis" (Compendium of Mechanics). 

Gladys Aylward

Gladys May Aylward (24 February 1902 – 3 January 1970) was a British-born evangelical Christian missionary to China, whose story was told in the book "The Small Woman", by Alan Burgess, published in 1957.

The life of Gladys Aylward was made into the film "The Inn of the Sixth Happiness", starring Ingrid Bergman, in 1958. The film was produced by Twentieth Century Fox, and filmed entirely in North Wales and England. Many things in the film were not true to the life of Gladys. However, it brought her some fame. This allowed her to speak to groups in many countries about her true work and love for Jesus.

Gladys was not accepted by missionary societies due to her lack of education. She saved money for the train fare. She went to China on her own to work with an older woman. After that woman, Jeannie Lawson, died, Gladys took over her work. Much of her life was spent caring for orphans. During the Second World War, she rescued many orphans who had been abandoned or whose parents had been killed. This involved dangerous journeys with the children to get away from places where the war was raging. She finally settled in Taiwan in 1958. There, she founded the Gladys Aylward Orphanage, where she worked until her death in 1970.

John Mayow

John Mayow FRS (1641–1679) was a chemist, physician, and physiologist who is known today for doing early research into respiration and the nature of air. Mayow worked in a field that is sometimes called pneumatic chemistry.

Gérard Lamy

Gérard Lamy (2 May 1919 – 26 October 2016) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1962 to 1963. During this time, he represented the electoral area of Saint-Maurice—Laflèche and was a part of the Social Credit Party. Lamy was born on 2 May 1919 in Shawinigan, Quebec. Before becoming a politician, he was a contractor.

Lamy was only elected one time, in the 1962 federal election. He beat the incumbent Liberal MP, Joseph-Adolphe Richard. Lamy was part of the first group of 26 Social Credit MPs from Quebec who were elected that year. In the election the year after, he lost his election. This was very unexpected, because both Lamy and the Liberal Party thought he would not lose the election. The person that beat him was Liberal Jean Chrétien. Chrétien would later become the Prime Minister of Canada.

Lamy tried to win two more elections after this. In the 1970 Quebec provincial election, he lost his election as a part of the "Ralliement créditiste du Québec". In the 1979 general election, he lost his election as a part of the Progressive Conservative Party. Lamy did not run for election ever again after 1979. He died in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, on 26 October 2016.

Arrowsmith

An is a person to takes on an occupation/role/job that forges the heads of arrows. This is usually brought up in medieval history, as more modern jobs came along, and just a small amount of the population (most of those people working for rural purposes), has the occupation today. The idea of archery was created in 20,000 BC. Like today, people did not use the bow and arrow on a regular basis. But unlike today, they mostly used this new creation for hunting. The first people ever to use it normally was the ancient Egyptians from 4,000 to 2,000 BC. Then the bows started to take a fall in popularity across the world, as gunpowder was invented, along with the cannon. It spread across eurasia, after being invented in China in the third century. (200AD)

Block (periodic table)

A block on the periodic table is a group of elements that all have their electrons in the same atomic orbital. There are four blocks, s-, d-, f, and p-. The word "block" was first used to describe this by Charles Janet.
The p-block is on the right side of the periodic table. Elements from groups 13-18 are in the p-block.

The d-block is in the middle of the periodic table. Elements from groups 3 to 12 are in the d-block.

The f-block is shown in green in the illustration above. The elements 57 to 71 are called Lanthanides, elements 89 to 103 are called Actinides. 

The s-block is on the left side of the periodic table. Elements from groups 1-2 are in the s-block.

Swaminarayan Akshardham (Delhi)

Swaminarayan Akshardham is a Hindu temple, and a spiritual-cultural campus in New Delhi, India

Residue (chemistry)

In chemistry, residue is what is left behind after preparation, separation, or purification, such as distillation, evaporation, or filtration.

Daniel O'Donnell

Daniel O'Donnell (born 12 December 1961) is an Irish singer. 

Oxygen concentrator

An oxygen concentrator is a machine that takes in air and takes out some of the nitrogen (as N) so there is more oxygen (as O). This new air with more oxygen is then given to a patient during oxygen therapy.

Malayali

The Malayali people (also spelled Malayalee people) are the native speakers of the Malayalam language. They originate from the south of the current Indian state of Kerala. Sometimes they are called Keralites. There are about 39 million people who speak Malayalam as their first language. 34 million of these live in India, about 1 million in the United Arab Emirates. About 55% are Hindus, about 27% are Muslims, and about 19% are Christian.

The Malayali language is part of the Dravidian language group. The Malayali have their own cooking styles, movies, and form of martial arts, Kalaripayattu.

The United Nations declared a Malayali dance called Kathakali Intangible Cultural Heritage.

Ole Borch

Ole Borch (1626 – 1690) (latinized to "Olaus Borrichius" or "Olaus Borrichus") was a Danish scientist, physician, grammarian, and poet, most well-known today for being the teacher at the Vor Frue Skole in Copenhagen of Nicholas Steno. 

Pierre Bayen

Pierre Bayen (7 February 1725–14 February 1798) was a French chemist.

Johann Joachim Becher

Johann Joachim Becher (; 6 May 1635 – October 1682) was a German physician, and alchemist, best known for his development of the phlogiston theory of combustion, and his advancement of Austrian cameralism.

Bergen, North Holland

Bergen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 29,974 people lived there.

Bob Morley

Robert Alfred Morley, called Bob (Kyneton, 20 December 1984) is an Australian actor known especially for his roles in the soap operas "" and "" and in the TV series "," where he plays the part of Bellamy Blake.
Bob Morley is the son of a Filipino mother and son of an Irish father who died when Bob was a child. Bob has two sisters and a brother, but he is the youngest of the family. The actor lived his childhood on a farm in Victoria, and by the age of eleven he became passionate about acting. Morley studied creative arts at "La Trobe University." He got his first role in 2006 in the TV series "" playing the character of Drew Curtis. Morley appeared in the second series of the Australian singing competition It Takes Two in May 2007. On June 12, 2007, he was eliminated after six weeks of the show, although he received the highest score that night. Morley plays as Tony Moretti in the 2008 action movie and series The Strip. The series was cancelled due to low ratings and was not confirmed for a second series. He continued to appear in Scorched's Nine Network in 2008. Morley was named "Bachelor of the Year" in Cleo magazine.

In 2009, he played the role of Lorca in Palindrome for a Dead Poet. The following year, Morley appeared in the fourth season of Sea Patrol in the 5th episode entitled "Paradise Lost". In 2011, he starred in the Australian thriller Road Train directed by Dean Francis. The film was released in North America as Road Kill. In June 2011, it was announced that Morley had joined the cast of as Aidan Foster. Morley took a ten-week break to appear in Blinder, a film about the rules of Australian football. Bob returned to the set in early June 2012. In 2014 he became part of the protagonists of the US television series broadcast by 

Bob is married to the actress who married on May 5 2019. She is his colleague in the tv series , where she plays the role of Clarke Griffin, who is the protagonist. The two met on the set, and few knew about their relationship. Most fans found that they were together only when they announced they were getting married. Considering that many viewers of The 100 have always hoped for a possible relationship between the two characters, the news of the wedding has excited fans.

As already mentioned, thanks to the role of Bellamy Blake in the TV series The 100, Bob Morley has conquered the audience, receiving a lot of acclaim. The character of Bellamy initially is not one of the hundred prisoners sent to Earth to see if it's still possible to live there. He is the brother of Octavia, who is part of the group of the hundred, and who he tries to protect several times.





Beverwijk

Beverwijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland. In 2019, 41,176 people lived there.

Mairelis Zunzunegui

Mairelis Zunzunegui (born 8 July 1986) is a Cuban water polo player.

She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Columbia County, Georgia

Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 156,010 people lived there. The legal county seat is Appling, but the "de facto" seat of county government is Evans.

Crawford County, Georgia

Crawford County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 12,130 people lived there. The county seat is Knoxville.

Dade County, Georgia

Dade County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 16,251 people lived there. The county seat is Trenton.

Lina Rohe

Lina Rohe is a German water polo player. She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.


Fayette County, Georgia

Fayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 119,194 people lived there. The county seat is Fayetteville.

What I Have Written

What I Have Written is a 1996 Australian erotic drama movie directed by John Hughes and starring Gillian Jones, Martin Jacobs, Jacek Koman, Julie Forsyth, Angie Milliken.

Ulzana's Raid

Ulzana's Raid is a 1972 American western movie directed by Robert Aldrich and starring Burt Lancaster, Richard Jaeckel, Bruce Davison, Douglass Watson, Joaquin Martinez. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

His Private Secretary

His Private Secretary is a 1933 American comedy movie directed by Phil Whitman and starring John Wayne, Evalyn Knapp, Reginald Barlow, Arthur Hoyt, Alec B. Francis, Natalie Kingston.

Alsino and the Condor

Alsino and the Condor () is 1982 Nicaraguan Cuban Mexican Costa Rican drama movie directed by Miguel Littín and starring Dean Stockwell, Alan Esquivel, Carmen Bunster, Alejandro Parodi, Reynaldo Miravalles. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1983.

Pathfinder (1987 movie)

Pathfinder (original title in Sami: Ofelaš and in Norwegian: Veiviseren) is a 1987 Norwegian action adventure movie directed by Nils Gaup and stars Mikkel Gaup, Nils Utsi, Sara Marit Gaup, Inger Utsi, Helgi Skúlason. It was distributed by Carolco Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988. It was remade in 2007.


Nine Lives (1957 movies)

Nine Lives () is a 1957 Norwegian adventure drama movie directed by Arne Skouen and based on the novel "We Die Alone" by David Howarth. It stars Jack Fjeldstad, Henny Moan, Alf Malland, Joachim Holst-Jensen, Rolf Søder and was distributed by Louis de Rochemont Associates. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1958.

Sayonara

Sayonara is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Joshua Logan and based on the 1954 novel of the same name by James Michener. It stars Marlon Brando, Patricia Owens, James Garner, Martha Scott, Red Buttons, Miiko Taka, Miyoshi Umeki, Douglass Watson and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 10 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1958.


American Kennel Club

The American Kennel Club is an association of breeders of purebred dogs. It is in the United States. The club was founded in 1886. It is one of three such associations. The others are the Federation Cynologique Internationale, and the British Kennel Club. The American Kennel Club has a defined set of dog breeds, which it classifies into groups. While the breeds are pretty standard among the three associations, the classification into groups is not.

Patriots Day (movie)

Patriots Day is a 2016 American drama movie about the Boston Marathon bombings and chase to arrest the two Islamic terrorists. It was directed by Peter Berg and written by Berg, Matt Cook, and Joshua Zetumer. The movie is based on the book "Boston Strong" by Casey Sherman and Dave Wedge.

It stars Mark Wahlberg, Kevin Bacon, John Goodman, J.K. Simmons, Michelle Monaghan, James Colby and Alex Wolff with Lana Condor. 

It was released in Boston on December 21, 2016 and worldwide on January 13, 2017. It had strong good reviews with an 80% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Rachel Brosnahan

Rachel Elizabeth Brosnahan (born July 12, 1990) is an American-British actress. She is known for appearing as Miriam "Midge" Maisel in Prime Video's period comedy series "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel". She won a Primetime Emmy Award in 2018 and two Golden Globe Awards in 2018 and 2019. She will play Lois Lane in the DC Universe, starting with the upcoming movie "Superman" (2025). She was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Gemma Salem

Gemma Salem (2 August 1943 – 20 May 2020) was a Turkish-born Swiss writer. She was born in Ankara, Turkey. In 1982, Salem was nominated for the Prix Médicis for her novel "Le Roman de Monsieur Boulgakov", and was supported by Marthe Robert until the last round of voting. She won the Schiller Prize in 1992 and was on the list of winners for the Prix Médicis essai and the Prix Colette in 1993. 

Salem died on 20 May 2020 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 76.

Heather Chasen

Heather Jean Chasen (20 July 1927 – 22 May 2020) was an English actress. Chasen was known for her roles in soap operas; playing Valerie Pollard in the ITV soap opera "Crossroads" from 1982–86 and guest roles in "Doctors", "Holby City" and "Family Affairs". 

Chasen also played many roles in BBC Radio 2's "The Navy Lark" from 1959 to 1977, and appeared in the television series "Marked Personal" from 1973 to 1974. She played Lydia Simmonds in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". In 2012, she appeared in "Les Misérables".

Chasen was born to English parents in Singapore. She studied at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Art. Chasen died on 22 May 2020, aged 92.

Francine Holley

Francine Holley (23 November 1919 – 22 May 2020) was a Belgian painter. She was born in Liège, Belgium. Holley was an apprentice of painter Mathilde DuMonceau from 1937 to 1944. She gave her first exhibition in 1953 at the Galerie Arnaud in Paris. She created a wall decoration on the casino in Le Pouliguen. 

In 1962, Holley painted a mural at the entrance of the École Technique Aéronautique de Ville d'Avray. She then created a graphic design of the Dalle de Bobigny. In 1978, Holley painted a mural in entrance hall of the Tour Helsinki.

Holley died on 22 May 2020 in Paris, aged 100. 

Miljan Mrdaković

Miljan Mrdaković (, ; 6 May 1982 – 22 May 2020) was a Serbian professional footballer. He played as a striker. Mrdaković played for 20 clubs across 10 countries and scored 150 goals in all competitions. He was born in Niš.

He also represented Serbia at the 2008 Olympics. 

Mrdaković killed himself in Zvezdara, Belgrade on 22 May 2020, aged 38.

Alberto Alesina

Alberto Francesco Alesina (April 29, 1957 – May 23, 2020) was an Italian political economist. He was born in Broni, Pavia, Italy. From 2003 to 2006, Alesina was Chairman of the Department of Economics at Harvard University. He was the Nathaniel Ropes Professor of Political Economy at Harvard. 

He visited many institutions including Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Tel Aviv University, University of Stockholm, The World Bank, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). In 2006, Alesina participated in the Stock Exchange of Visions project.

Alesina died on May 23, 2020 of a heart attack, aged 63.

Saturn (alligator)

Saturn (1936 – 22 May 2020) was an American alligator. He lived in the Moscow Zoo. He was known as an urban myth that he was Adolf Hitler's "pet alligator". He was born in the state of Mississippi, United States. He survived the Berlin bombing.

Saturn was brought to the Berlin Zoological Garden. It was here that Hitler reportedly enjoyed visiting the zoo and especially liked the alligator. However, while Hitler may have viewed Saturn at the zoo, he was never Hitler's personal pet. 

During World War II, the Berlin Zoo was destroyed, but Saturn was discovered by British soldiers, who then gave the alligator to the Soviets in 1946. 

He lived at the Moscow Zoo until 22 May 2020, when he died of old age at the age of 83–84.

Eddie Sutton

Edward Eugene Sutton (March 12, 1936 – May 23, 2020) was an American college basketball coach. He was born in Bucklin, Kansas. 

Sutton was a head coach for 36 years at the Division I level, at Creighton, Arkansas, Kentucky, Oklahoma State and the University of San Francisco. 

Sutton became the first coach to take four schools to the NCAA tournament, and he reached the Final Four with Arkansas in 1978 and Oklahoma State in 1995 and 2004. He was one of only eight major college men's basketball coaches to have over 800 career wins.

Sutton died on May 23, 2020 in Tulsa, Oklahoma at the age of 84.

Nelson, Nebraska

Nelson is a city and the county seat of Nuckolls County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 456 at the 2020 census.

The city was named for C. Nelson Wheeler, the original owner of the town site.

Jo Jorgensen

Jo Jorgensen (born May 1, 1957) is an American academic and libertarian political activist. She was the Libertarian Party's nominee for President of the United States in the 2020 election. 

She was the Libertarian Party nominee for vice-president in the 1996 U.S. presidential election as the running mate of Harry Browne. 

She was also the Libertarian nominee for South Carolina's 4th congressional district in 1992, receiving 4,286 votes, or 2.2%.

Somis, California

Somis is an unincorporated community in Ventura County, California. It was created in 1892 by Thomas Bard.
Somis is in the Las Posas Valley on the south bank of Fox Barranca, just west of Arroyo Las Posas. As of 2020, the total population was 1,429.

The Transformation of the World: A Global History of the Nineteenth Century

The Transformation of the World: A Global History of the Nineteenth Century by Jürgen Osterhammel, an expert on global history, concentrates on the 19th century, a period when human history was already globally connected.

Osterhammel carefully avoids telling a story of the 19th century. Instead in the beginning he looks at carefully selected aspects 1. the image that people had of themselves at that time, 2. their understanding of time and 3. space.

Looking at self-image and understanding of time, he always sees the 19th century in terms of its characteristic differences from the earlier centuries and the changes that brought about the structures of the 20th century. The sentence "Before the 20th century, not a single year can be seen as epochal for all mankind" (p. 96) can be considered exemplary. The 19th century is placed in the continuity of the previous centuries and on the other hand clearly differentiated from the degree of globalization of the 20th.

This also applies to his statements about space. He carefully takes care that common terms are not used unchecked as they were in the 19th century:

"The collective name 'Southeast Asia' was created in Japan during the First World War." (p. 137) "The category the 'West', for example, [...] cannot be found as a dominant figure of thought before the 1890s." (P.143) "In the long nineteenth century there was much more talk of the 'civilized world' than of the 'West'. [...] In Japan it was even the goal of national politics to be accepted as a civilized country." (P.144)

Osterhammel then gives an overview of eight major realities under the heading "Panoramas" without claim to completeness, which are intended to capture essential elements of the overall history of the 19th century:

Sedentary and Mobile - Here Osterhammel looks at the entire demographic development, not only on migration and the followings

Living standards - Living standards can be described quantitatively, even if wealth can mean something very different depending on society.

Cities - He sees them on the one hand as representatives of entire civilizations and as nodes. In this role he looks especially at metropolises and ports.

Frontiers - Cities and Frontiers have in common that they attract migrants.

Empires and nation-states - "The 20th century was the great epoch of the nation-state. In the 19th century, the empire, not yet the nation-state, was the dominant territorial organizational form of power on a world scale."

Power systems, wars, internationalisms - The European state system followed agreed rules from 1815, but these only applied in Europe, not to non-European powers. There was a "deliberate de-globalization of international politics

Revolutions - After discussing several definitions of revolution, Osterhammel uses the example of the American and the French Revolution to explain why he sees them as the starting point of 'political modernity'.

State - During the 19th century one could find the greatest variety of political forms.
Energy and industry

Work and employment

Nets

Hierarchies

Knowledge

"Civilization" and exclusion

Religion 

Osterhammel describes five special features of the 19th century:

Osterhammel does not tell from a certain perspective, but looks at the connections, the non-simultaneity of the simultaneous, the diversity of cultures and the time shift of institutions and cultural elements in different cultures from different perspectives. He justifies this courageous approach as follows: "In retrospect, the 19th century can be thought of being globally because it thought so about itself."

Patrick Manning: "In sum, I find the book to be an effective overview of the world history literature as it now exists. The author has demonstrated the ability to draw comprehensively on the literature for many topics and regions for his long nineteenth century, and has articulated it in accounts of many large-scale issues. The book presents a multifaceted narrative of approaches, panoramas, and themes. It reaches back before 1800 to trace the origins of the nineteenth-century world, but puts more effort into showing consequences for the twentieth century."

J. R. McNeill: "In 2009, he published this work in German, and it won acclaim and vaulted Osterhammel to the front rank of historians. When Chancellor Angela Merkel celebrated her sixtieth birthday in 2014, the festivities even featured a lecture by Osterhammel."


"Osterhammel, like the field of world history as a whole, has underemphasized social history, leaving readers with a view of the past that exaggerates elite initiatives as the source of change. [...] The relative brevity of Osterhammel’s discussions on Africa and Latin America, as compared with Europe, North America, and Asia, reflects world-historical bias in favor of initiative from the centers of power and fits with the strengths of the published literature."(Patrick Manning)

Zack Snyder's Justice League

Zack Snyder's Justice League, also known as "Snyder Cut", is the director's cut of the 2017 American superhero movie, "Justice League". 

It is a version of "Justice League", the fifth movie of the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) and based on the DC Comics superhero team of the same name, as director Zack Snyder had wanted it before he left the production and Joss Whedon took over his duties.

It won the Academy Award for Best Cheer Moment in 2022.

Like the theatrical release, "Zack Snyder's Justice League" is about the Justice League, made up of Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Aquaman, and Cyborg as they try to save the world from the threat of Steppenwolf and Darkseid. However, there are many big differences between the theatrical release and this version of the film, including more backstory on Cyborg (who becomes a much bigger part of the movie), Flash, Aquaman, Steppenwolf, and Darkseid. The "Snyder Cut" takes itself more seriously than the theatrical cut, featuring more action and character development and fewer "corny" jokes, in addition to showing characters who were originally left out like Iris West, Ryan Choi, Martian Manhunter and The Joker. It also gets rid of any scenes that Joss Whedon had filmed, only relying on what Zack Snyder had filmed before leaving the project, in addition to one more scene filmed in 2020.

The movie is divided into six parts with an epilogue due to its 4-hour length.

Thousands of years ago, Darkseid and his parademon armies try to conquer the Earth, but they are defeated by a combined army of humans, Amazons, Atlanteans, Olympic Gods Zeus, Ares and Artemis, and a Green Lantern. In the present day when Superman is killed fighting Doomsday, his dying scream reawakens the Mother Boxes, devices that were used to try and destroy the Earth but left behind by Darkseid, alerting Steppenwolf, who is Darkseid's exiled lieutenant. Aiming to get the boxes to turn Earth into a copy of Apokolips, his home planet, Steppenwolf invades Themyscira first to take the Mother Box guarded by the Amazons, who send a warning to Diana Prince, leading her to find out the history of the Mother Boxes and the first battle on Earth.

Diana informs Bruce Wayne, and as the two are trying to form a team of superheroes in Superman's absence, they realize they need to act fast with Steppenwolf trying to recapture the Mother Boxes. Though Bruce had failed to recruit Arthur Curry, he finds Barry Allen and gets him to join, but Diana is unable to convince Victor Stone to join until Victor's father Silas is kidnapped by the parademons and brought to Steppenwolf. Meanwhile, Arthur is convinced to help the Atlanteans guard their Mother Box. He manages to save Mera when Steppenwolf attacks the outpost but is unable to prevent the alien from taking the second box. Victor arrives in time to help Bruce, Diana, and Barry rescue several S.T.A.R. Labs scientists, including Silas, from an underwater building where Steppenwolf is questioning them about the final Mother Box's location. Though they fight Steppenwolf off, the building is flooded and they are only saved when Arthur arrives and stops the water from reaching them.

Steppenwolf, having failed to get the third box, receives a vision of the Anti-Life Equation that Darkseid wants so he can rule over all universes, realizing it is on Earth. He tells Darkseid and DeSaad, and Darkseid promises to redeem him if he can find the third box and transform Earth with the boxes. Meanwhile, Victor retrieves the Mother Box, which he had hidden, and tells the rest of the team that the device was used by Silas to save his life and rebuild him as a cyborg after a horrific car crash that also killed his mother. After this, the team realizes that the Box can be used to return Superman to life and they all agree to try and bring him back, though they realize the box will alert Steppenwolf either way. They dig up Clark Kent's body before sneaking it to the Kryptonian ship under watch by S.T.A.R. Labs, placing it in the waters of the ship's Genesis Chamber. Clark is resurrected when Barry charges the box with his speed, but having lost his memories, he attacks the team when Victor targets him in self-defense. Lois Lane arrives and calms Clark down before he can kill Bruce, and they go back to Smallville so he can regain his memories.

The box is located by Steppenwolf, but before he can take it, Silas charges it with laser heat, allowing himself to die in the process, so that Victor can track the box. As the team, without Superman, locates the Mother Box in Russia back at the Batcave, Victor decides to separate the "Unity" of the boxes himself, recruiting Barry to help give him a charge to get in. The five heroes arrive as Steppenwolf tries to unite the boxes, with Superman later joining to help them beat up Steppenwolf, but they are not able to stop the Unity in time. As the Unity creates a big explosion, Barry manages to run faster than the speed of light to reverse time and undo this, giving Victor the spark needed to get in and separate the boxes with Superman's help. The team then kills Steppenwolf and throws his body back to Apokolips at Darkseid's feet through a portal. Darkseid vows revenge and aims to come to Earth himself to get the Anti-Life equation.

After the battle, Bruce, Diana and Alfred Pennyworth decide to rebuild Wayne Manor as the team's headquarters. Barry gets a job in Central City's police department, Victor listens to a message left behind by Silas, Arthur goes to see his father, and Clark goes back to being a reporter and Superman. Lex Luthor escapes prison and tells Deathstroke the secret identity of Batman. After another bad dream of a world where Superman is controlled by Darkseid, Bruce wakes up and is greeted by Martian Manhunter, who had been on Earth this whole time pretending to be General Swanwick. He thanks Bruce for forming the team and defeating Steppenwolf before promising to be in touch to help plan for Darkseid's return.


In May 2017, Snyder stepped down during post-production following the suicide of his daughter, and Whedon took over, finishing the movie as an uncredited director. Whedon took over reshoots and other changes that added a brighter tone and more humor, and cut the runtime down to 120 minutes.

The theatrical "Justice League" was a commercial failure and received mixed reviews, leading Warner Bros. to rethink the future of the DCEU.

When it was revealed that the movie had a troubled production and its state before Snyder stepped down, many fans wanted to see Snyder's version of the movie. Fans and members of the cast and crew petitioned for the release of this, which they nicknamed the "Snyder Cut".

At the time, Warner Bros. had no plans to release an alternate cut, and movie industry figures regarded the release as unlikely. However, Warner Bros. changed its mind in February 2020. In May, Snyder announced that the original four-hour cut would be completed and released as "Zack Snyder's Justice League" by the streaming service HBO Max. 

The Snyder Cut will cost $20–30 million to complete the visual effects, score, and editing with an additional $40-50 million for reshoots.

"Zack Snyder's Justice League" was released in March 18, 2021 on HBO Max. and the Philippines released in March 20, 2021 in HBO Go. With a runtime of 242 minutes, it is the longest superhero movie ever made.

The Anniversary (movie)

The Anniversary is a 1968 British black comedy movie directed by Roy Ward Baker and based on the play of the same name by Bill MacIlwraith. It stars Bette Davis, James Cossins, Jack Hedley, Sheila Hancock, Christian Roberts and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Numerical methods for ordinary differential equations

Numerical methods for ordinary differential equations are computational schemes to obtain approximate solutions of ordinary differential equations (ODEs).
Since ODEs appeared in science, many mathematicians have studied how to solve them. However, only few of them can be mathematically solved. This is why numerical methods are needed. One of the most famous methods are the Runge-Kutta methods, but it doesn't work for some ODEs (especially nonlinear ODEs). This is why new ODE solvers are developed. The following list includes frequently used methods:

Not only approximate solvers, but the study to "verify the existence of solution by computers" is also active. This study is needed because numerically obtained solutions could be phantom solutions (fake solutions). This kind of incident is already reported. The popular methods are based on the shooting method or spectral methods. Today, European research teams and Japanese experts are working on this topic.



Denis Farkasfalvy

Denis Farkasfalvy (23 June 1936 – 20 May 2020) was a Hungarian-American Roman Catholic priest, theologian and monk. He was of the Cistercian Order. 

Farkasfalvy was the chaplain to the School Sisters of Namur. He was made Headmaster of Cistercian Prep in 1969 and ran it for 12 years. He also taught several courses at university level at the University of Dallas. He was abbot from 1988 to 2012. Under his leadership, the abbey built a new and monumental church in the trademark Cistercian style.

Farkasfalvy died of COVID-19 on 20 May 2020 in Irving, Texas, aged 83.

Victoria, Labuan

Victoria, or locally known as Bandar Labuan, is the capital of the Federal Territory of Labuan in Malaysia, an island group off the north coast of Borneo.

Hilaire Mbakop

Hilaire Mbakop (born February 28, 1973 in Bangangté, Cameroon) is a literary scholar and writer. He publishes his works in German and French. His literary work based on his intercultural experiences (e.g. "Mambé's
Homeland (German: Mambés Heimat) and Black African Aliens (French: Les étrangers noirs africains), on the other hand he practices social criticism and attacks political grievances (e.g. "The Destroyed Village" (German: Das zerstörte Dorf) and "The Hexagon and its accomplices" (German: Das Hexagon und seine Mittäter)).

After graduating from high school in Bangangté, he began studying German language and literature and history at the University of Yaoundé I in 1992 and at the same time completed his teacher training at the Higher Teachers' Training College affiliated with Yaoundé I.

Mbakop's first trip abroad took place in 1996: At the age of 23 he received a scholarship from the DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service) to prepare his master's thesis at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in Frankfurt / Main. In 1999 it was published under the title On the Problems of Freedom and Individuality: "A Study of Goethe's "Götz von Berlichingen” and “Egmont”." Four years later Mbakop obtained his doctorate from the same university with a dissertation on the pamphlets of Heinrich Mann and André Gide.

Influenced by these authors and the values of Christianity – attendance of the Catholic primary school, PhD scholarship from the Catholic Academic Exchange Service (KAAD) –, he has written some literary works that denounce injustice: Mambé's Homeland (novel, 2007) scourges the gap between poor and poor Rich in Cameroon, Death of a Disabled (novel, 2010) the lack of understanding of an anonymous society for the needs of the disabled, "Les étrangers noirs africains" (Roman, 2011) the discrimination against Black Africans in Germany. The Social Drama "The Destroyed Village" (2010) is a lawsuit against the people of Bali-Nyonga who removed the neighboring village Bawock
from the map in 2007. In the historical drama "The Hexagon and its Accomplices" I (2011), France and its Cameroonian henchmen sit on the dock because of the massacre of the Bassas in the second half of the 50s, and in "The Hexagon and its Accomplices II" (September 2014) they are accused for the genocide against the Bamilékés between 1959 and 1971.

In 2010 Mbakop published "The Wood Fire Fairy Tales" that he had collected three years earlier. In the foreword, he says that he had "written down these oral stories that were in danger of disappearing, so that they are accessible to everyone," and adds, "At the same time, the written form guarantees that this cultural heritage is saved for posterity.”
These fairy tales are a facet of the Medúmbà culture, the richness of which he depicts in his autobiography "My Childhood and Youth", that was equally published in 2010. His most recent work is the collection of poems "The Faces of Life" (October 2014).

Mbakop's socio-political commitment expressed itself not only in his books, but also in his journalistic writings and numerous interviews with the media.


Ann Katharine Mitchell

Ann Katharine Mitchell (' Williamson; 19 November 1922 – 11 May 2020) was a British cryptanalyst and psychologist. She was born in Oxford. 

Mitchell worked on decrypting messages encoded in the German Enigma cypher at Bletchley Park during the Second World War. After the war, she became a marriage guidance counsellor, then studied for a Master of Philosophy at the University of Edinburgh. 

She worked at the university's Department of Social Administration and wrote several academic books about the psychological effects of divorce on children including "Someone to Turn to: Experiences of Help Before Divorce" (1981) and "Children in the Middle: Living Through Divorce" (1985).

Mitchell died on 11 May 2020, aged 97, in Edinburgh of COVID-19.

Berlin attack

Berlin attack may refer to:


Bombing of Berlin in World War II

Berlin, the capital of Nazi Germany, was attacked with 363 air raids during the Second World War. 

It was bombed by the RAF Bomber Command between 1940 and 1945, by the USAAF Eighth Air Force between 1943 and 1945, and the French Air Force between 1944 and 1945 as part of the Allied campaign of strategic bombing of Germany. 

It was also attacked by aircraft of the Red Air Force, in particular in 1945 as Soviet forces closed on the city. British bombers dropped 45,517 tons of bombs, while American aircraft dropped 23,000 tons.

As the bombings continued more and more people left the city. By May 1945, 1.7 million people (40% of the population) had fled.

Linda Gerritsen

Linda Gerritsen (born 12 March 1983) is a German water polo player. She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.


Bad Case of Loving You (Doctor, Doctor)

"Bad Case of Loving You (Doctor, Doctor)" is a 1978 song, written and originally recorded by Moon Martin, and sung a year later by Robert Palmer. The song became one of Palmer's best known hits.

Moon Martin originally recorded the song in 1978. Martin's record label Capitol Records released the song in the United Kingdom and Spain as a stand-alone vinyl single, but inserted the song into the United States release of Martin's album "Shots from a Cold Nightmare". His original recording did not enter the music charts.

A year later the song appeared on Robert Palmer's 1979 album "Secrets". In Palmer's home country, the United Kingdom, the song debuted and peaked at #61 on the UK Singles Chart on 7 July 1979.

Moon Martin

John David "Moon" Martin (October 31, 1945 – May 11, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was given the nickname "Moon" because many of his songs had the word moon in the lyrics. His best known work was "Bad Case of Loving You (Doctor, Doctor)", made famous by the English singer Robert Palmer. His 1982 song, "X-Ray Vision" was an MTV hit music video. He was born in Altus, Oklahoma.

Martin died on May 11, 2020 at the age of 69.

Orvault

Orvault is a commune of 26,355 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Maria Teresa Horta

Maria Teresa Mascarenhas Horta (born 20 May 1937) is a Portuguese feminist poet, journalist and activist. She was born in Lisbon. 

Her writing has been published in such journals as "Diário de Lisboa", "A Capital", "República", "O Século", "Diário de Notícias" and "Jornal de Letras e Artes", and she was editor in chief of "Mulheres" magazine.

She took part in the Portuguese Feminist Movement with Maria Isabel Barreno and Maria Velho da Costa (the Three Marias) and was a member of the Poesia 61 group.

Cordemais

Cordemais is a commune of 3,705 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Maria Isabel Barreno

Maria Isabel Barreno de Faria Martins (10 July 1939 – 3 September 2016) was a Portuguese writer. She was born in Lisbon. Taking part in the Portuguese feminist movement, together with the writers Maria Teresa Horta and Maria Velho da Costa, they became known as one of Portugal's best known feminist writers.

On 8 March 2004, she was made a Grand Official in the Ordem do Infante D. Henrique.

Barreno died on 3 September 2016 at the age of 77.

Maria Velho da Costa

Maria de Fátima de Bivar Velho da Costa (June 26, 1938 – May 23, 2020) was a Portuguese writer. She was born in Lisbon. She was awarded the Camões Prize in 2002. She took part in the Portuguese Feminist Movement with Maria Isabel Barreno and Maria Teresa Horta (the Three Marias). Her best written work is a collection of feminist writings titled "New Portuguese Letters", which were published in 1972.

Velho da Costa died on May 23, 2020 in Lisbon at the age of 81.

The Cape Town Affair

The Cape Town Affair is a 1967 South African spy drama movie directed by Robert D. Webb and stars Claire Trevor, James Brolin, Jacqueline Bisset, Bob Courtney, Gordon Mulholland, Siegfried Mynhardt, Patrick Mynhardt. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and is a remake of 1953 movie "Pickup on South Street".


Affair of the Diamond Necklace

The Affair of the Diamond Necklace (, "affair of the Queen's necklace") was an incident from 1784 through 1785 at the court of King Louis XVI of France involving his wife, Queen Marie Antoinette. 

The reputation of the Queen had already been ruined by gossip. The event is historically significant as one of the events that led to the French populace's disillusionment with the monarchy and led to the French Revolution.

In 1772, Louis XV of France decided to make Madame du Barry, with whom he was in love with, a special gift at the cost of 2,000,000 livres (about $15.1 million in 2020 USD). He wanted Parisian jewelers Charles Auguste Boehmer and Paul Bassange to create a diamond necklace that would be the greatest necklace ever made.

A trickster who called herself Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy, also known as Jeanne de la Motte, created a plan to use the necklace to get rich and possibly power and royal honors. In March 1785, Jeanne became the mistress of the Cardinal de Rohan, a former French ambassador to the court of Vienna. 

The Cardinal was hated by Queen Marie Antoinette for having spread rumors about the Queen's behavior to her mother, the Holy Roman empress Maria Theresa. The Queen had also learned of a letter in which the Cardinal spoke of Maria Theresa in a manner that the Queen found offensive.

At this time, the Cardinal was trying to get the Queen's to like him again so that he could become Prime Minister of France. Jeanne de la Motte persuaded Rohan that she had been friends with the Queen. After hearing this, Rohan used Jeanne to get the Queen to like him again (though he did not know that Jeanne was lying to him). Jeanne promised the Cardinal that she will get the Queen to like him.

The affair began after Jeanned continued to send fake letters to the Cardinal pretending to be Marie Antoinette. After Rohan fell in love with Antoinette as he believed she was falling in love with him, he wanted to meet her. In the gardens of the Palace of Versailles, the Cardinal met with a woman he believed to be Marie Antoinette. In fact, the woman was a prostitute, Nicole Le Guay d'Oliva, whom Jeanne had hired because of her resemblance to the Queen. 

Jeanne took advantage of lying to Rohan by asking a lot of money. 

On 21 January 1785, Jeanne told the Cardinal that Marie Antoinette wanted to buy the necklace; but, not wishing to purchase such an expensive item publicly during a time of need, the Queen wanted the Cardinal to act as a secret buyer. A little while later, Rohan negotiated the purchase of the necklace for 2,000,000 livres. Rohan took the necklace to Jeanne's house, where a man, whom Rohan believed to be a valet of the Queen, came to fetch it. The diamond necklace “was picked apart, and the gems sold on the black markets of Paris and London” by Madame de la Motte.

When Marie Antoinette found out about this, she had Rohan arrested publicly. When this happened, Jeanne had left the town but was arrested afterwards. 

Cardinal Rohan and Jeanne de la Motte were found guilty. Rohan was sentenced to strip his honors and ambassador jobs and in exile. Jeanne was sentenced to be whipped, branded and in jail. However, she escaped jail and took refuge in London.

Many books and other works have shown the Affair of the Diamond Necklace:


Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy

Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy (22 July 1756 – 23 August 1791) was a known French thief. She was married to Nicholas de la Motte whose family's claim to nobility is dubious. 

She herself was a descendant of the Valois royal family through an illegitimate son of King Henry II. She is known for her role in the Affair of the Diamond Necklace, one of many scandals that led to the French Revolution and helped to destroy the monarchy of France.


Annie Bovaird

Lindsay Anne "Annie" Bovaird (born February 28, 1992) is a Canadian actress, well known for voicing the title character in the animated TV series "Caillou" after its previous voice actress Jaclyn Linetsky died in a car crash. She also voiced "Elsa" in "Creepschool", "Zaza" in "Dragon Hunters", "Denim Farqueson" in "The Tournament", "Juju" in "Potatoes and Dragons" and was in other shows and movies.

Cardinal de Rohan

Louis René Édouard de Rohan known as Cardinal de Rohan (25 September 1734 – 16 February 1803), "prince de Rohan-Guéméné", was a French bishop of Strasbourg, politician, cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, and cadet of the Rohan family. 

His parents were Hercule Mériadec, Prince of Guéméné and Louise Gabrielle Julie de Rohan. He was born in Paris.

Rohan was made Ambassador to Vienna in 1771. He arrived at Vienna in January 1772, and made a great party of himself. Because of this, Empress Maria Theresa and her daughter, Marie Antoinette did not like him.

He was a key figure of the Affair of the Diamond Necklace. In an attempt to get on Marie Antoinette's good side, he thought that Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy was a friend of the Queen, however not knowing that she lied to him, he was tricked into buying the diamond necklace and giving it to Jeanne.

Cry, the Beloved Country (1951 movie)

Cry, the Beloved Country is a 1951 British drama movie directed by Zoltan Korda and based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Alan Paton. It stars Canada Lee, Charles Carson, Sidney Poitier, Joyce Carey, Geoffrey Keen, Michael Goodliffe and was distributed by United Artists. A remake was made in 1995 with the same title starring James Earl Jones and Richard Harris.


Lamington, New Jersey

Lamington is an unincorporated community located within Bedminster Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. 

The Lamington Historic District, which includes the Presbyterian Church and the Lamington Black Cemetery, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

Ann Mitchell

Ann Mitchell (born 22 April 1939) is a British actress. She was born in London. She became known in the 1980s when she starred as Dolly Rawlins in the crime series "Widows" as well as the sequels "Widows 2" and "She's Out".

In 2011, she was cast as Cora Cross in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". She also starred as Mrs. Warren in "Mrs. Warren's Profession" and her Laurence Olivier Award nominated performance in "Through the Leaves".

Watchhouse in the Carpathians

Watchhouse in the Carpathians (Hungarian: Őrház a Kárpátokban) is a 1914 Hungarian drama movie directed by first time director Alexander Korda and Gyula Zilahy. It stars Anna Hadrik and Gusztáv Vándory.

United 93 (movie)

United 93 is a 2006 biographical drama-thriller movie written, co-produced and directed by Paul Greengrass. It is about the events aboard United Airlines Flight 93, which was hijacked during the September 11 attacks.

The movie was made with the help of many of the passengers' families, though not all agreed to participate.

On the morning of September 11, 2001, four al-Qaeda terrorists Ziad Jarrah, Saeed al-Ghamdi, Ahmed al-Nami and Ahmed al-Haznawi pray in a Newark, New Jersey hotel, and after Jarrah makes a final phone call to his girlfriend, board United Airlines Flight 93, piloted by Captain Jason Dahl and First Officer LeRoy Homer Jr., at Newark International Airport. Among the passengers are Tom Burnett, Todd Beamer, Jeremy Glick, Richard Guadagno, Louis J. Nacke II, Lauren Grandcolas and Mark Bingham who is the last passenger to board, barely making the flight.

Air traffic controllers determine that American Airlines Flight 11 has been hijacked and is heading toward New York City. Flight 93 takes off after a slight delay. Flight 11 crashes into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, and United Airlines Flight 175 is also hijacked and heads toward New York City. Air traffic controllers learn that American Airlines Flight 77 has also been hijacked and watch as Flight 175 crashes into the South Tower .

As the passengers are served breakfast on Flight 93, Jarrah hesitates to give the sign to start the hijacking. Via an ACARS message, Dahl and Homer are notified of the WTC attacks and to beware cockpit intrusion. Nami demands to start the hijack and Jarrah nervously insists not yet. An impatient Haznawi prepares an artificial bomb in the lavatory and Ghamdi grabs flight attendant Deborah Welsh at knifepoint. Passenger Mark Rothenberg is mortally wounded by Haznawi who shows the "bomb", causing mass panic among the passengers. Haznawi and Nami force the first-class passengers to the back of the plane while Ghamdi kills Homer and Dahl after he sends out a mayday call, then kills Welsh. Jarrah takes control of the plane and flies to Washington, D.C., to crash it into the United States Capitol. Grandcolas (an emergency medical technician) tries to help the dying Rothenberg but Nami berates her. The hijackers jubilantly react to the WTC attack. While flight attendants Sandra Bradshaw and CeeCee Lyles unsuccessfully attempt to revive Rothenberg, Bradshaw sees the hijackers moving the bodies of the pilots and Welsh and the passengers overhear this.

After Flight 77 crashes into The Pentagon, FAA National Operations Manager Ben Sliney shuts down all United States air space and ground all flights. Passengers on Flight 93 learn from family members via airphone of the attacks. Realising their plane is going to be used as a weapon, Burnett, Bingham, Beamer, Glick, Guadagno and Nacke organize an assault against the hijackers to retake the plane, with assistance from flight staff, arming themselves with weapons, learning passenger Donald Greene is a licensed pilot and passenger Andrew Garcia is a former air traffic controller. Seeing the group gather, Haznawi and Nami anxiously realise they can't keep the passengers under control for long and Jarrah and Ghamdi become agitated, as they are twenty minutes away from their target and realise the passengers will thwart their plans. Passenger Christian Adams, attempting to counsel appeasement, is restrained by some of the passengers, while other passengers pray and make final calls to loved ones.

After Beamer urges the passengers to take action, Glick leads the group against a stunned Haznawi. Haznawi is tackled and repeatedly beaten by Glick and Nacke. While Nami, Ghamdi and Jarrah panic and Ghamdi’s plead for assistance is refused by Jarrah, Bingham crushes Haznawi’s skull with a fire extinguisher, killing him and Nacke declares the bomb a fake. Grandcolas, passengers William Cashman, Patrick Driscoll and Alan Beaven join the assault, while Jarrah violently rocks the plane to throw the passengers off balance. Despite Nami's efforts to keep the group at bay with the use of a serving cart, Mace and a fire extinguisher, Jarrah’s violent flying causes him to lose balance and the passengers push the cart back into him and a scared Nami is subdued and after gouging out his eyes, Glick snaps Nami's neck, killing him. As Bradshaw, Lyles, Grandcolas, Cashman, Driscoll, and Beaven try to help Greene and Garcia though first-class, the male, able-bodied passengers batter the cockpit door with the cart and Jarrah and Ghamdi become terrified and disheartened as they have failed in their mission, and despite Ghamdi's efforts to hold against the door with the use of a fire axe, the passengers breach the cockpit just as Jarrah puts the plane into a steep dive, and wrestle with the two remaining hijackers for control. Ghamdi tries to protect Jarrah but the passengers overpower him, as Burnett begins choking out Jarrah. The aircraft inverts and crashes into a Shanksville field, killing everyone aboard.

The roles of one of the flight attendants, the two pilots, and many other airline personnel were filled by actual airline employees. During production, the actors playing the crew and the passengers of the flight were put in separate hotels from the actors portraying the hijackers, even eating their meals separately, ostensibly to create an air of antagonism in the film between the two groups. The set itself was built so that it moved the way the actual flight did. During the filming, many of the actors actually got hurt, and the blood visible on their faces during the revolting scene is authentic and not fake. During the scene where Nami is killed by the passengers in the revolt, he is shown crying. Finishing the very first take, Jamie Harding (who played Nami) was overwhelmed that he was sobbing. In this scene, the sobbing Nami makes as Glick holds him around the head and throat and twists, breaking his neck, is authentic and not acted.

Adams saying that the memory of her husband's death was still too raw. "Sunday Times" critic Cosmo Landesman mused, "Surely one of the passengers didn't phone home to point out that there was a cowardly German on board who wanted to give in?" Critic John Harris suggested in a "Guardian" blog, "there will surely be all kinds of cries about old European surrender monkeys, the United States' contrasting backbone etc."

"United 93" premiered on April 26, 2006, at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City. Several family members of the passengers aboard the flight attended the premiere to show their support.

The movie opened in North America on April 28, 2006, to strong positive reviews. The total money made from "United 93" was $31.4 million in the United States, and $76.3 million worldwide.

The movie also received two Academy Award nominations, including Best Director for Greengrass.

World Trade Center (movie)

World Trade Center is a 2006 American survival disaster drama movie directed by Oliver Stone. It is based on the September 11, 2001 attacks at the World Trade Center. It stars Nicolas Cage, Maria Bello, Michael Peña, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Stephen Dorff and Michael Shannon. 

The movie was shot between October 2005 & February 2006. It was released on August 9, 2006. The movie had mixed critical reviews although it made $163 million in the box office.

Stephen Dorff

Stephen Hartley Dorff Jr. (born July 29, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for playing Roland West in the third season of HBO's "True Detective".

He also starred as PK in "The Power of One", Stuart Sutcliffe in "Backbeat", Johnny Marco in Sofia Coppola's "Somewhere". He also starred in "Cecil B. DeMented", "The Motel Life", "S.F.W.", "Space Truckers", and "Blade".

Fahrenheit 9/11

Fahrenheit 9/11 is a 2004 American documentary movie directed, written by, and starring filmmaker, director and political commentator Michael Moore, based upon September 11 attacks. 

The movie is a criticism of George W. Bush, the war in Iraq, and its coverage in the media. 

The movie created intense controversy, including disputes over its accuracy. The title is reference to Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel "Fahrenheit 451".

The movie debuted at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and received a 20-minute standing ovation, among the longest standing ovations in the festival's history. The movie was also awarded the Palme d'Or, the festival's highest award. The movie is the highest grossing documentary of all time.

Gilbert, Arizona

Gilbert is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is located southeast of Phoenix. It was once known as the "Hay Shipping Capital of the World". In 2020, the town's population was 267,918.

Yamata

Yamata is a 1919 Hungarian Russian drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and starring Emil Fenyvessy, Ila Lóth, Gábor Rajnay, Gusztáv Vándory.

Murder of Phoenix Netts

Phoenix Netts is a woman whose body was found hidden in two suitcases in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, near the England–Wales border in May 2020.
The investigation began after a member of the public told police about a car being driven suspiciously on the A4136 road near Coleford in the Forest of Dean. Police found the car a short while later and they spoke to two people. Two suitcases containing a human body were found. The two people were arrested and a car taken by police. The body was found on May 12, 2020, around the time 11:30pm.

A search began of Stowfield quarry and the village of Staunton. There were a lot of police in the area. There was a police helicopter and many roads were closed. The A4136 was closed between Monmouth and Coleford. Closures were expected to remain until Friday 15 May 2020. On Friday 15 May 2020 police searched places in Wolverhampton and Birmingham. The police used DNA tests to identify the victim.

Detective chief inspector John Turner, the senior investigating officer, said "The nature of this incident is distressing and we’re working around the clock to fully understand what has happened. Someone’s life has been lost and our priority is to identify the victim and get answers for her family. Searches have taken place in the surrounding area for evidence-gathering and no remains have been found as part of these searches. Our major crime investigation team is working in collaboration with the West Midlands police homicide team to carry out further enquiries."

On Thursday 14 May 2020 a Gloucestershire police spokesman said "Officers have been granted a 36-hour magistrates’ extension to continue questioning two people who were arrested on suspicion of murder. Overnight a 12-hour custody extension had been granted for both the woman aged in her 20s and from Birmingham and the man aged in his 30s and from Wolverhampton. The further 36-hour extension was granted at around midday today and means they can remain in custody for further questioning. Due to the ongoing investigation, road closures and scene guards are likely to remain in place. Gloucestershire constabulary would like to thank local residents and those impacted by the cordons for their patience during this time."

On Friday 15 May 2020, Gloucestershire police said "A postmortem examination yesterday was found to be inconclusive and further examinations are ongoing to establish the cause of death. DNA testing is also ongoing to identify the female victim. Searches have continued today around the area of Stowfield Quarry, near Coleford, and some road closures remain in place in the surrounding area.
Key workers had to find ways around the closed roads. Some thought that the roadblocks were to stop people travelling from England to Wales to exercise. People are only allowed to exercise in their own area because of COVID-19.

A 27 year old woman from Birmingham appeared before Cheltenham Magistrates' court on 19 May 2020 and was charged with killing the woman between 14 April and 12 May 2020 at her home in Birmingham. She was remanded to appear in Gloucester Crown Court on 19 May 2020. A 38 year old man from Wolverhampton was charged with assisting an offender between 25 April and 12 May 2020 and was also remanded to appear before Gloucester Crown Court on 19 May 2020. Both were refused bail appeared before magistrates in Cheltenham via video-link.
The body was that of Phoenix Netts, a 28 year old woman from Birmingham.

Detectives from West Midlands police took over the investigation from Gloucestershire police. Their investigations focused on a women's refuge in Birmingham.

Bail was granted to the man from Wolverhampton but he had to agree to follow rules. He must stay at his home address. He must also stay at home between 7pm and 7am and go daily to police. He must also give police his travel documents. No application for bail was made for the woman from Birmingham.

Both suspects were to next appear at Bristol Crown court on 4 August and a provisional trial date of 10 November has been set.

In November 2020 all charges against the man were dropped.

In April 2021 Gareeca Gordon pleaded guilty to murdering Phoenix Netts. She was sentenced to life imprisonment and must serve at least 23 years and 6 months in prison.

Big and Little Wong Tin Bar

Big and Little Wong Tin Bar (), also known as Seven Little Valiant Fighters ()/Two of a Kind is a 1962 Hong Kong action movie directed by Lung To and stars Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Li Li-Hua, Yueh Wah. It was distributed by Gala Distribution.

Ariane Rump

Ariane Rump is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.


Anna Karenina (1953 movie)

Anna Karenina is a 1953 Russian historical drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich and based on the 1877 novel of the same name by Leo Tolstoy. It stars Alla Tarasova, Nikolai Sosnin, Pavel Massalsky, Viktor Stanitsyn and was distributed by Mosfilm.

Katrin Dierolf

Katrin Dierolf is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of Southern California's women's water polo team.


Ventenac-en-Minervois

Ventenac-en-Minervois is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Véraza

Véraza is a commune of 32 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Verdun-en-Lauragais

Verdun-en-Lauragais is a commune of 273 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Verzeille

Verzeille is a commune of 493 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Vignevieille

Vignevieille is a commune of 105 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villalier

Villalier is a commune of 1,004 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villanière

Villanière is a commune of 137 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villardebelle

Villardebelle is a commune of 53 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villar-en-Val

Villar-en-Val is a commune of 26 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villar-Saint-Anselme

Villar-Saint-Anselme is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villarzel-Cabardès

Villarzel-Cabardès is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villarzel-du-Razès

Villarzel-du-Razès is a commune of 103 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villasavary

Villasavary is a commune of 1,209 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hester Jasper

Hester Jasper (born 7 May 2001) is a Dutch volleyball player. She played for the Dutch national team at the 2019 Nations League tournament.

She started her career at VC Sneek in 2016. She moved to the German Bundesliga club VfB 91 Suhl in 2019.


Villautou

Villautou is a commune with a population of 63 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Affine arithmetic

Affine arithmetic (AA) is a computer arithmetic which was made to improve the performance of interval arithmetic.
Today, the interval arithmetic technology which was made by Sunaga and R. Moore is used in many areas including validated numerics. But unfortunately, interval arithmetic is useless when numerical computation is repeated many times. Therefore, many experts have studied how to overcome this weakness. Affine arithmetic is one result of this movement.
Affine arithmetic is available in some interval arithmetic libraries like INTLAB. It is also used in the following fields:
Some experts are trying to improve affine arithmetic. Their results are known as the extended affine arithmetic or modified affine arithmetic.
This a list of libraries that supports affine arithmetic:



Fake news

Fake news is false or misleading information presented as news. Fake news is also known as junk news, pseudo-news, alternative facts or hoax news. 

It is a form of news made up of misinformation, hoaxes or outright lies spread through large news media (print and broadcast) or online social media. 

In many cases, fake news is spread on purpose. The term was used and made popular by American President Donald Trump.

Although false news has always been spread throughout history, the term "fake news" was first used in the 1890s when sensational reports in newspapers were common in the U.S.A.

One reason fake news is more common today is that various websites pay for contributions according to the number of views. It stands to reason that a sensational claim will get more views than a correct but boring statement. Thus contributors are paid more for invented controversy than true non-sensational facts. This amounts to a premium payment for lies over truth.

Villebazy

Villebazy is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gerhard Strack

Gerhard Strack (1 September 1955 – 21 May 2020) was a German footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Kerpen, West Germany.

He earned ten caps and scored one goal for West Germany from 1982 to 1983. He was included in the West German team for the UEFA Euro 1984.

He also played for 1. FC Cologne from 1974 to 1985. He played for FC Basel from 1985 to 1987. From 1987 to 1988, he played for Fortuna Düsseldorf.

Strack died on 21 May 2020 of a heart attack, aged 64.

Villedaigne

Villedaigne is a commune of 510 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villedubert

Villedubert is a commune of 345 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

FC Basel

FC Basel 1893 ("Fussball Club Basel 1893"), widely known as FC Basel, FCB, or just Basel, is a Swiss football club based in Basel, in the Canton of Basel-Stadt. 

FC Basel was started by an advertisement placed by Roland Geldner in the 12 November 1893 edition of the Basler national newspaper. He wanted that a football team is formed . Everybody who wants to play should come in the restaurant Schuhmachern-Zunft. Eleven men attended the meeting, mainly from the academic community, and founded the Fussball Club Basel on 15 November 1893. 

Since 2009 the club also has a Women soccer team. They als play at the highest level of Swiss Women´s football, the Swiss Women's Super League.




Villefloure

Villefloure is a commune of 165 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villefort, Aude

Villefort is a commune of 89 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Lauren Ridloff

Lauren Ridloff (née Teruel; born April 6, 1978) is a deaf American actress. She is known for her role as Connie on the TV series "The Walking Dead". She starred in the Broadway play "Children of a Lesser God", for which she was nominated for a Tony Award. 

The Lovebirds (2020 movie)

The Lovebirds is a 2020 American romantic comedy action mystery thriller movie directed by Michael Showalter. The movie stars Issa Rae and Kumail Nanjiani, as well as Paul Sparks, Anna Camp, and Kyle Bornheimer. It is about a couple who goes on the run after witnessing a murder.

It was supposed to be released by Paramount Pictures on April 3, 2020, but the movie was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Its rights were then sold to Netflix, which released the movie digitally on May 22, 2020.

The movie had mixed reviews with a 67% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Anna Camp

Anna Ragsdale Camp (born September 27, 1982) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her roles as the Sarah Newlin in the HBO vampire drama "True Blood" and Aubrey Posen in the "Pitch Perfect" series (2012–2017). 

McCook, Nebraska

McCook is a city in and the county seat of Red Willow County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 7,446 at the 2020 census.

Falls City, Nebraska

Falls City is a city and county seat of Richardson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 4,133 at the 2020 census.

Middletown Township, New Jersey

Middletown Township is a township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township had a total population of 67,106. Middletown is one of the oldest sites of European settlement in New Jersey.

Middle Township, New Jersey

Middle Township is a township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 20,380.

Party for the Future

The Party for the Future () was a political party in the Netherlands.

In 2020, it had two seats in the Senate, where it used the name Caucus-Otten ().

The party planned to participate in the next election on 17 March 2021.

The Party for the Future made its beginning as the "Group Krol/Van Kooten-Arissen" in the House of Representatives. Henk Krol left 50PLUS on 3 May 2020 and started the Party for the Future with Femke Merel van Kooten-Arissen.

On 28 June 2020, the party Group Otten became a part of the Party for the Future.

Femke Merel van Kooten-Arissen left the party on 5 August 2020.

On 18 October 2020, Henk Krol also left the party, because he did not agree with the decision to fire the party's treasurer. Furthermore, one of his employees received a threat from the party's secretary.

Lower Township, New Jersey

Lower Township is a township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 22,057.

Sadhu Sundar Singh

Sadhu Sundar Singh (Punjabi: ; ; born 3 September 1889) was an Indian Christian missionary. He is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.

Born a Sikh in the Punjab state of India, Sundar Singh attended a Christian School. He was also influenced by Hindu and Sikh holy men. At age 14 his mother died and he rebelled against religion. He wanted to commit suicide, but prayed that God would come and stop him. That night, he believed that Jesus appeared to him. He became a Christian missionary. His family opposed this, but at age 16 he was baptized.

Taking the title Sadhu, Sundar began to travel within India and Kashmir. He also went to Afganistan and Tibet. He believed that western influences had corrupted Christian belief and practice. He studied at an Anglican college for a short time. He left because the priest tried to get him to dress like a European and adopt other British customs. His travels are believed to have resulted in many conversions. He kept no records so exact information is not available. It is also told that he did miracles through the power of Jesus.

Later Sundar Singh traveled in many countries including Europe and North America. He was made sad by the materialism of those countries, and returned to India to continue his work. While on a final trip to Tibet, he is assumed to have died, but no details are known.

Smithfield, Rhode Island

Smithfield is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 22,118 at the 2020 census. Smithfield is the home of Bryant University, a private four year college.

Richard Timberlake

Richard H. Timberlake, Jr. (June 24, 1922 – May 22, 2020) was an American economist. He was Professor of Economics at the University of Georgia. He was a known supporter of free banking. He believed that money should be issued by private companies, not by the government. 

He wrote about the Legal Tender Cases of the U.S. Supreme Court in his book "Constitutional Money: A Review of the Supreme Court's Monetary Decisions". He was born in Steubenville, Ohio.

Timberlake died on May 22, 2020 in Athens, Georgia at the age of 97.


Achille Mbembe

Joseph-Achille Mbembe, known as Achille Mbembe (; born 1957), is a Cameroonian philosopher, political theorist, and public intellectual.

Mbembe was born near Otélé in Cameroon in 1957. He obtained his Ph.D. in history at the University of Sorbonne in Paris, France, in 1989. He has held appointments at Columbia University in New York, Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., University of Pennsylvania, University of California, Berkeley, Yale University, Duke University and Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (CODESRIA) in Dakar, Senegal. He was assistant professor of history at Columbia University, New York, from 1988–1991, a senior research fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., from 1991 to 1992, associate professor of history at the University of Pennsylvania from 1992 to 1996, executive director of the Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (Codesria) in Dakar, Senegal, from 1996 to 2000. Achille was also a visiting professor at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2001, and a visiting professor at Yale University in 2003. He was a research professor in history and politics at Harvard University's W. E. B. Du Bois Research Institute.

He has written extensively in African history and politics, including "La naissance du maquis dans le Sud-Cameroun" (Paris: Karthala, 1996). "On the Postcolony" was published in Paris in 2000 in French and the English translation was published by the University of California Press, Berkeley, in 2001. In 2015, Wits University Press published a new, African edition. He has an A1 rating from the National Research Foundation.

On March 14, 2024, Achille Mbembe was awarded the 2024 Holberg Prize for arts and letters, humanities, law and theology. The handover ceremony takes place on June 6, 2024 at the University of Bergen, Norway.

Mbembe is currently a member of the staff at the Wits Institute for Social and Economic Research (WISER) at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, and also has an annual visiting appointment at the Franklin Humanities Institute at Duke University.

He is a contributing editor to the scholarly journal "Public Culture".

His main research topics are African history, Postcolonial Studies and politics and social science.

Mbembe’s most important works are: "Les jeunes et l’ordre politique en Afrique noire" (1985); "La naissance du maquis dans le Sud-Cameroun (1920–1960)"; "Histoire des usages de la raison en colonie" (1996); "De la postcolonie. Essai sur l’imagination politique dans l’Afrique contemporaine" ("On the Postcolony") (2000); "Sortir de la grande nuit: Essai sur l'Afrique décolonisée" (2003); "Critique de la raison nègre" (2013).

Mbembe interprets Africa not as a defined, isolated place but as a strange relation between itself and the rest of the world which plays out simultaneously on political, psychic, semiotic, and sexual levels. He argues that the colonial powers dictated how some people may live and how some must die. He uses the examples of Palestine and South Africa to show how the power of sovereignty now serves the creation of zones of death where death becomes the ultimate exercise of domination and the primary form of resistance.


Achille Mbembe is married to Sarah Nuttall, who is Professor of Literary and Cultural Studies and Director of the Wits Institute for Social and Economic Research at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg. They have written several texts together and have two children.




Kurt Blanke

Kurt Blanke (18 November 1900 in Emden – 28 February 1997 in Celle) was a German lawyer and politician. From 1964 to 1973, he was mayor of the city of Celle in Lower Saxony. He was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.

During World War II, he had a part in "Aryanization" in occupied France: shutting down Jewish businesses and giving the businesses to Aryans.

Johanna Bassani

Johanna Bassani (25 April 2002 – 5 May 2020) was an Austrian combined Nordic skier and ski jumper.

She began her career with the team UVB Hinzenbach, winning the championship in her Austrian hometown of Attnang-Puchheim at the age of twelve.

In her debut at the Summer Grand Prix in 2019, Bassani finished 18th. In October 2019, she won the silver medal at the Austrian national Nordic combined championships. Afterwards, she focused on the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne with Nordic combined.

After finishing eighth in the Gundersen individual event, Bassani competed with the Austrian Nordic combined team, winning the silver medal. She then finished 11th at the 2020 Nordic Combined Continental Cup in Eisenerz.

She was named to the Austrian national team for the 2020 Nordic Junior World Ski Championships in Oberwiesenthal.

Bassani died on 5 May 2020 at the age of 18.

Albert Memmi

Albert Memmi (; December 15, 1920 – May 22, 2020) was a Tunisian-born French writer, sociologist and essayist. He was born in Tunis. 

Memmi's well-known first novel, "La statue de sel" (translated as "The Pillar of Salt"), was published in 1953. It had an introduction written by Albert Camus and was awarded the Fénéon Prize in 1954. His other novels include "Agar" (translated as "Strangers"), "Le Scorpion" ("The Scorpion"), and "Le Desert" ("The Desert").

Memmi's related sociological works include "Dominated Man", "Dependence", and "Racism".

He died on May 22, 2020 in Paris at the age of 99.

Deborah Birx

Deborah Leah Birx (born April 4, 1956) is an American physician and diplomat. She was the United States Global AIDS Coordinator for Presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump from 2014 to 2021. She was best known as the Coronavirus Response Coordinator for the White House Coronavirus Task Force during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States for Trump's presidency.

Remington, Indiana

Remington is a town in Carpenter Township, Jasper County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,356 at the 2020 census.

Carpenter Township, Jasper County, Indiana

Carpenter Township is one of thirteen townships in Jasper County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 1,925 and it contained 838 housing units.

White House Coronavirus Task Force

The White House Coronavirus Task Force was a United States Department of State task force that focuses on the spread and limiting of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The task force was created on January 29, 2020. 

On February 26, 2020, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was named to chair the task force, and Deborah Birx was named the response coordinator. Other members have been added since the initial appointments.

Robert R. Redfield

Robert Ray Redfield Jr. (born July 10, 1951) is an American virologist. He was the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry from March 2018 until January 2021.

COVID-19 pandemic in Kyrgyzstan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Kyrgyzstan in March 2020.

On 18 March 2020, the first three cases in the country were confirmed, after a citizen returned from Saudi Arabia. The health ministry also confirmed that all three suspected COVID-19 carriers are currently in quarantine. On the same day, the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan ruled that medical face masks to be imported into the country.

The government declared a one-month state of emergency starting 22 March. On the same day, all public transportation stopped operating in Bishkek, with exception of trolleybuses.

On 24 March, the government issued a decree declaring the state of emergency from 25 March till 15 April in three major cities of Bishkek, Osh and Jalal-Abad, while local emergencies were declared in three provincial districts.

COVID-19 pandemic in Tajikistan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Tajikistan when its index cases, in Dushanbe and Khujand, were confirmed on 30 April 2020.

On February 10, a Somon Air charter flight flew to Wuhan, Hubei, China to evacuate the fifty-four citizens of Tajikistan in the city. The flight carried humanitarian cargo including medical supplies from Tajikistan to Wuhan. 

On February 13, 13,000 copies of WHO guidelines and recommendations to stop the risk of coronavirus infection were printed and given to Tajik citizens. At the time, more than 900 citizens who arrived in Tajikistan from China were being supervised by doctors in Tajikistan's hospitals. No cases of coronavirus were reported. 

On February 21, President Emomali Rahmon received a message from Chinese President Xi Jinping thanking Rahmon for his support in connection with the coronavirus outbreak. 

On April 2, 6,272 people who arrived in Tajikistan from foreign countries after February 1 had been put in quarantine, and 2,359 had already been discharged, leaving 3,913 still in quarantine. No cases of coronavirus were confirmed in the country.

On 1 May, there were 32 confirmed cases, of which 17 are in Dushanbe, 5 in cities and districts of republican subordination, and 10 in Sughd Region.

On 2 May, there were 76 confirmed cases and two deaths. All people were required to wear face masks when they leave their house.

On 3 May, the number of cases went up to 128. The mayor of Dushanbe said that they would build temporary hospitals to treat 3,000 people.

On 6 May, the Tajikistan Football Federation extended the suspension of football until further notice.

Richard Anuszkiewicz

Richard Anuszkiewicz (; May 23, 1930 – May 19, 2020) was an American painter, printmaker, and sculptor. He was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He was one of the founders and expert of Op Art, a movement during the late 1960s and early 1970s. He was elected into the National Academy of Design in 1992 as an Associate member, and became a full member in 1994.

Anuszkiewicz died on May 19, 2020 at his home in Englewood, New Jersey at the age of 89.


Pâlis

Pâlis is a former commune in the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis.

Villemaur-sur-Vanne

Villemaur-sur-Vanne is a former commune in the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis.

Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis

Aix-Villemaur-Pâlis is a commune in the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aix-en-Othe (the seat), Villemaur-sur-Vanne and Pâlis.

Villegailhenc

Villegailhenc is a commune of 1,735 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villegly

Villegly is a commune of 1,134 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villelongue-d'Aude

Villelongue-d'Aude is a commune of 305 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-la-Comptal

Villeneuve-la-Comptal is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-lès-Montréal

Villeneuve-lès-Montréal is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-Minervois

Villeneuve-Minervois is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villepinte, Aude

Villepinte is a commune of 1,303 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villerouge-Termenès

Villerouge-Termenès is a commune of 147 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villesèque-des-Corbières

Villesèque-des-Corbières is a commune of 374 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villesèquelande

Villesèquelande is a commune of 896 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It is near Carcassonne.

Villesiscle

Villesiscle is a commune of 383 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villespy

Villespy is a commune of 373 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villetritouls

Villetritouls is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Antifreeze

Antifreeze is a liquid that lowers the freezing point of water. It is used to stop ice from growing on a surface, like a windshield. It is also used inside pipes of a car's radiator. As the temperature outside changes from hot to cold coolant is pumped throughout the engine block to maintain an even operating temperature. Antifreeze does more than just regulate temperature, however. Maintaining proper fluid levels also helps to prevent corrosion.

Engine coolant is mixed with water, usually at a 50/50 ratio, and poured into the proper reservoir in your engine. The chemical ethylene glycol is used as a base to create a liquid that is pumped through your car’s engine to regulate and maintain an optimal operating temperature during extreme hot or cold weather conditions.

Vinassan

Vinassan is a commune of 2,646 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ethylene oxide

Ethylene oxide, called oxirane by IUPAC, is an organic compound with the chemical formula .

Amsterdam-Churchill, Montana

Amsterdam-Churchill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montana in the United States.

Ulm, Montana

Ulm is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montana in the United States.

Ethylene glycol

Ethylene glycol (IUPAC name: ethane-1,2-diol) is an organic compound with the chemical formula 2. It is used to make polyester and to make antifreeze.

Hancock County, Georgia

Hancock County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 8,735 people lived there. The county seat is Sparta.

Autoxidation

Autoxidation is any oxidation that happens with oxygen. The word is usually used when organic compounds corrode in air, like when iron corrodes into iron oxide (rust).

Good Morning Britain

Good Morning Britain (often abbreviated to GMB) is a British breakfast programme. It is live every weekday usually on British television network ITV1 from 6:00 am to 9:00 am (formerly 8:30am). The show launched on 28 April 2014 after "Daybreak" was permanently postponed.

The current main anchors are Susanna Reid and Ben Shephard with Charlotte Hawkins, Ranvir Singh and Sean Fletcher as newsreaders. Piers Morgan presented the show from May 2015 to March 2021 due to a heated argument with the weather presenter Alex Beresford on his critics to Meghan Markle. Ofcom confirmed his actions in front of on-air team members and his critics was very disruptive. Kate Garraway was also an anchor and a newsreader from 2014 to 2022 on seperate days, The show aired until 10:00am, hosted by Lorraine Kelly after Lorraine was temporarily postponed due to the Coronavirus pandemic. On Monday 13 July 2020, the "Lorraine" programme returned, meaning "Good Morning Britain" went back to its original air time of 6:00am to 9:00am.

On 10 September and 11 September 2022, "Good Morning Britain" aired a special episode about the death and life of Her Sovereign Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.

Decatur County, Georgia

Decatur County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 29,367 people lived there. The county seat is Bainbridge.

Dodge County, Georgia

Dodge County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 19,925 people lived there. The county seat is Eastman.

Norwalk, Ohio

Norwalk is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Huron County.

Mount Vernon, Ohio

Mount Vernon is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Knox County.

Hemphill, Texas

Hemphill is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Sabine County.

Milam, Texas

Milam is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Smoky (1966 movie)

Smoky is a 1966 American western movie directed by George Sherman. It is the third adaptation of the 1926 novel "Smoky the Cowhorse" by Will James. It stars Fess Parker, Diana Hyland, Hoyt Axton, Katy Jurado, Roy Jenson, Chuck Robertson, Robert J. Wilke and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Rasputin, the Mad Monk

Rasputin, the Mad Monk is a 1966 British Hammer horror movie directed by Don Sharp and stars Christopher Lee, Barbara Shelley, Francis Matthews, Richard Pasco, Suzan Farmer, Brian Wilde, Joss Ackland, Bryan Marshall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

White Rose (movie)

White Rose () is a 1919 Hungarian drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the 1853 novel by Mór Jókai. It stars María Corda, Gyula Bartos, Emil Fenyvessy, Helene von Bolvary.

The Shining

"The Shining" may mean:

The Shining (novel)

The Shining is a 1977 horror novel by American writer Stephen King. It was King's third published novel and first bestseller. The book was adapted into a movie by Stanley Kubrick in 1980, which was very successful as well.

The War Between Men and Women

The War Between Men and Women is a 1972 American comedy–drama movie directed by Melville Shavelson and stars Jack Lemmon, Barbara Harris, Jason Robards, Herb Edelman, Lisa Gerritsen, Moosie Drier, Severn Darden, Joyce Brothers. It was distributed by National General Pictures.


Russian architecture

Russian architecture is the name of the Architecture style of Russia from the early Russian wooden architecture period until the Stalinist Architecture period. from the "Pre-Christian" until the "Kievan Rus Christian" period most of the structures was made of wood and after than the structures was made out of stones. 


Ave Caesar!

Ave Caesar! is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and stars Oscar Beregi Sr., María Corba, Gábor Rajnay.

The Duped Journalist

The Duped Journalist is a 1914 Hungarian drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and starring Gyula Gózon, Gyula Szőreghy, Gyula Zilahi.

Tutyu and Totyo

Tutyu and Totyo () is a 1915 Hungarian silent movie directed by Alexander Korda and starring Gusztáv Vándory.

Apu Biswas

Apu Biswas (born 11 October 1989) is a Bangladeshi movie actress, model and former wife of Shakib Khan. Biswas made her debut in the movie industry with the movie "Kal Shokale" in 2006. She then performed in Koti Takar Kabin'.

Apu was born on 11 October 1989 as Abonti Biswas in Bogra district of Bangladesh to Upendronath Bishwas and Shefali Bishwas.

Biswas made her debut in the movie industry with the movie "Kal Shokale" in 2006. She then performed in "Koti Takar Kabin". Biswas played the role of Parvati in the 2013 Bangladeshi remake of "Devdas". She performed in the 2013 movie "My Name Is Khan". Mostly she was work with Shakib khan.

In 2008, Biswas married actor Shakib Khan. The couple has one son, named Abraham Khan Joy, who was born on 27 September 2016 in Kolkata. The news of marriage and child was kept secret from the public until 10 April 2017, when Apu appeared on television with her son and revealed the relationship. The couple divorced on 22 February 2018.

Number 111

Number 111 is a 1919 Hungarian thriller movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the novel by Jenő Heltai. It stars Gábor Rajnay, María Corda, Gyula Bartos and was distributed by Corvin Film.

Broadway Danny Rose

Broadway Danny Rose is a 1984 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Mia Farrow, Nick Apollo Forte, Danny Aiello, Gloria Parker. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1985.

Willie &amp; Phil

Willie & Phil is a 1980 American comedy drama movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Michael Ontkean, Margot Kidder, Ray Sharkey, Jan Miner, Kathleen Maguire, Jerry Hall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Xanadu (movie)

Xanadu is a 1980 American musical fantasy movie directed by Robert Greenwald and starring Olivia Newton-John, Gene Kelly, Michael Beck, Matt Lattanzi, Jo Ann Harris. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was a box office failure.

The Young Master

The Young Master () is a 1980 Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by Jackie Chan (who also stars) and starring Yuen Biao, Tien Feng, Fung Fung, Lee Hoi-sang, Hwang In-Shik. It was distributed by Golden Harvest.


Asafpur

Asafpur is a block in Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. There are 62 villages under Asafpur block. According to 2011 Census of India, total number of houses in Asafpur is 28,395 and total population is 1,73,601 out of 92,682 are males and are 80,919 females.

Balbir Singh Sr.

Balbir Singh Dosanjh (31 December 1923 – 25 May 2020) was an Indian hockey player and coach. He was a three-time Olympic gold champion after participating in India's wins in London (1948), Helsinki (1952) (as Vice Captain), and Melbourne (1956) (as Captain) Olympics. He was seen as one of the greatest hockey players of all time. He was born in Punjab, British India.

Singh Sr. died on 25 May 2020 of bronchopneumonia-related problems at the age of 96.

Tatjana Lematschko

Tatjana Lematschko (16 March 1948 – 17 May 2020) was a Russian-born Swiss chess player. Lematschko was born in Moscow.

She won both the Women's Bulgarian Chess Championship and Swiss Chess Championship several times. She competed for the world championship such as in the Women's World Chess Championship 1999. At the 27th Chess Olympiad, she won a medal for the best performance on no. 1 board.

Lematschko died in Zurich on 17 May 2020, aged 72.


The Prince and the Pauper (1920 movie)

The Prince and the Pauper (German: Prinz und Bettelknabe) is a 1920 Austrian adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the 1881 novel of the same name by Mark Twain. It stars Tibor Lubinszky, Franz Herterich, Albert Schreiber, Adolf Weisse and was distributed by UFA.

A Vanished World

A Vanished World is a 1922 Austrian adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the novel by Lajos Bíró. It stars Alberto Capozzi, Victor Varconi, María Corda, Tibor Lubinszky, Gyula Szőreghy.

A Place in the World

A Place in the World () is a 1992 Argentine Chilean Spanish Uruguayan movie directed by Adolfo Aristarain and stars José Sacristán, Federico Luppi, Leonor Benedetto, Cecilia Roth, Rodolfo Ranni. It was distributed by Transmundo Films.


Lee Han-dong

Lee Han-dong (December 5, 1934 – May 8, 2021) was a South Korean politician. He was from May 2000 to July 2002 the 33th Prime Minister of South Korea.

Lee died on May 8, 2021 in Pocheon, South Korea at the age of 86.

Han Seung-soo

Han Seung-soo (born 28 December 1936) is a South Korean politician. He was Prime Minister of South Korea from 29 February 2008 to 28 September 2009, and was the President of the 56th session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, in 2001 and 2002.

In 2004, he was honored as an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) by Queen Elizabeth II.

Ro Jai-bong

Ro Jai-bong (born February 8, 1936) is a South Korean politician. From December 1990 to May 1991, he was the 22th Prime Minister of South Korea. He was born in Changwon, South Gyeongsang Province.

Jimmy Cobb

Wilbur James Cobb (January 20, 1929 – May 24, 2020) was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Washington, D.C.. 

Some of Cobb's most famous work was on Miles Davis's "Kind of Blue" (1959). Cobb was the last surviving player from the session. 

He also played on other Davis albums, including "Sketches of Spain", "Someday My Prince Will Come", "Miles Davis at Carnegie Hall", "In Person Friday and Saturday Nights at the Blackhawk, Complete", and briefly on "Porgy and Bess" and "Sorcerer".

Cobb died on May 24, 2020 in New York City of lung cancer at the age of 91.


Fearless Hyena

Fearless Hyena is a 1979 Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by first time director Jackie Chan (who also stars) and stars James Tien, Dean Shek, Lee Kwan, Eagle Han-ying. It was distributed by Lung Cheung Company Limited.


Off Beat

Off Beat is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Michael Dinner and stars Judge Reinhold, Meg Tilly, John Turturro, Clevant Derricks, Harvey Keitel, Joe Mantegna, Anthony Zerbe, Chris Noth, Mike Starr. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

Every Time We Say Goodbye (movie)

Every Time We Say Goodbye is a 1986 American Israeli drama movie directed by Moshé Mizrahi and starring Tom Hanks, Cristina Marsillach, Benedict Taylor, Anat Atzmon, Gila Almagor, Alon Aboutboul. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures and was a box office bomb.

Matrix analysis

Matrix analysis is a subfield of linear algebra. It focuses on analytical properties of matrices.
In this subject, vector norms and matrix norms are introduced. The goal of this area is deepen understanding to matrix eigenvalues and system of linear equations. This leads to discussions in numerical linear algebra.
The following topics are studied in the context of matrix analysis:

Functional analysis usually discusses mathematical operators in infinite dimension Hilbert spaces. But difficulty remains even discussion is limited to matrices (which is a finite dimension mathematical operator). This is because difficulty comes not only from infinite dimension but also non-commutativity. And matrices are good examples of non-commutative mathematical operators (In other words, you cannot change the order of matrix multiplication). Matrix analysis is trying to overcome problems caused by non-commutativity.
The following results are known as remarkable achievements in this area:
The following journals include articles about matrix analysis:


The Price of Betrayal

The Price of Betrayal () is a 1915 Swedish drama movie directed by Victor Sjöström and starring Gabriel Alw, Stina Berg, Egil Eide.

A Ruined Life

A Ruined Life () is a 1912 Swedish short movie directed by first time director Victor Sjöström and stars Hilda Borgström, Richard Lund, John Ekman.

The Outlaw and His Wife

The Outlaw and His Wife () is a 1918 Swedish Icelandic drama movie directed by Victor Sjöström (who also stars) and based on the 1911 play by Jóhann Sigurjónsson. It stars John Ekman, Edith Erastoff, Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson.

Jack Grealish

Jack Peter Grealish (born 10 September 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Manchester City and the English national team.

Aston Villa

Manchester City

England U21

England

Individual

1987 World Snooker Championship

The 1987 World Snooker Championship was a snooker event that took place between 18 April and 4 May 1987. It was played at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England.

Defending champion Joe Johnson made it to the final again. He played Steve Davis, a repeat of the 1986 final. However, Johnson did not win, as he fell to the Crucible curse and lost 14–18 to Davis. It was Davis' fourth world title. The event was sponsored by cigarette maker Embassy.

Shown below are the results for the tournament. The numbers in brackets denote players seedings, whilst players in bold are match winners.
There were 18 century breaks at the championship. The highest of which being a 127 made by Steve Davis. This break was the lowest highest break recorded since the event moved to the Crucible Theatre. A 132 made by Dene O'Kane was the highest break of the qualifying stages.

1985 World Snooker Championship

The 1985 World Snooker Championship was a snooker tournament. It took place from 12 to 28 April 1985 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. The event was run by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA). It was the ninth World Snooker Championship to be held at the Crucible, the first taking place in 1977. A five-round qualifying event was held at the Preston Guild Hall. The event was shown on TV in the United Kingdom by the BBC. There was £250,000 to be won. It was the highest amount for any snooker tournament to that date; the winner received £60,000.

The defending champion was Steve Davis, who had won the event three times. Davis met Northern Irishman Dennis Taylor in the final which was a best-of-35-frames (first to 18) match. Davis took an early 8–0 lead, but Taylor drew level at 17–17. The final frame was played over the final black ball - the player able to pot the ball winning the event. After both players missed, Taylor potted the black to win.. The match, often called the "black ball final", is the best-known match in the history of the sport..

Canadian Bill Werbeniuk made the event's highest break, a 143, in his first-round match. There were 14 century breaks made, with 10 more in qualifying matches. This was the first professional snooker event to have a ban on drugs. All players in the main stage having to undertake tests. The final between Davis and Taylor holds the record for the most-viewed show in the United Kingdom of a programme shown after midnight. t had a peak of 18.5 million viewers for the match's final frame, breaking the existing records for the most-viewed sporting event and BBC2 programme.

The results for each round of the main stage of the championship are shown below. The numbers in parentheses beside some of the players are their seeding ranks (each championship has 16 seeds and 16 qualifiers).
There were 14 century breaks in the championship. Bill Werbeniuk's 143 against Joe Johnson in the first round was the joint third-highest break in the championship's history, tied with his break in 1979 and Willie Thorne's in 1982. Only Cliff Thorburn's maximum break in 1983 and Doug Mountjoy's 145 in 1981 were higher. Tony Knowles missed the black on a break of 137 that would have scored a 144 in his second-round match with Jimmy White.

There were ten century breaks in the qualifying stages; the highest was made by Danny Fowler in his round-of-64 10–0 whitewash of Jim Donnelly.

Deva (Hinduism)

Deva or Dev are terms used by the Hindu people for The Almighty or The GOD. Hindu people believe that there are 330 million deva or gods present in their religion.

Molly Geertsema

Willem Jacob "Molly" Geertsema (18 October 1918 - 27 June 1991) was a Dutch civil servant and politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

Geertsema was a member of the House of Representatives (parliamentary leader) and the Senate. He was also a deputy prime minister, government minister, political leader, councillor (Leiden and The Hague), mayor (Warffum and Wassenaar) and Queen's Commissioner of Gelderland.

Geertsema, who belonged to the Remonstrants, studied law at Leiden University and was also a lobbyist and LGBT rights activist.
He was born in Utrecht and died in Wassenaar at the age of 72.


Georgina Huljich

Georgina Huljich (January 30, 1974) is an Argentine-American architect and educator. She is a partner in PATTERNS, a Los Angeles-based architecture firm. She has been teaching at the Department of Architecture and Urban Design at UCLA as an associate professor since 2006. 

She received her B.Arch. from the National University of Rosario, Argentina in 1998. She later earned her Master of Architecture from the Department of Architecture and Urban Design at UCLA in 2003.

Before joining PATTERNS, Huljich had worked at the Guggenheim Museum and Dean/Wolf Architects in New York, Banchini + Spina Arquitectos in Rosario, Argentina and at Morphosis Architects in Los Angeles.
She was the Director of AUD Summer Programs at UCLA AUD from 2012 to 2016. She has been on the Executive Board at the Center for the Arts of Performance at UCLA since 2015.
She has served on national juries including the AIA Awards and the American Academy in Rome. 
She has been a visiting professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Syracuse University, Tokyo Institute of Technology, Berkeley, and Di Tella.
At the Yale University of Architecture, she was the Louis I. Kahn Visiting Assistant Professor in 2013.
Huljich co-authored PATTERNS Embedded (ACDCU, 2010) and Mute Icons and other Dichotomies of the Real in Architecture (Actar, 2020). With Marcelo Spina, she was the co-curator of the group show Matters of Sensation at Artist Space in New York (2008). 











Designs by Huljich have been displayed at locations such as The Art Institute of Chicago, The MAK Museum, The Chicago Biennial, MOCA in Los Angeles, and the Venice Biennale.


Battle of Chosin Reservoir

The Battle of Chosin Reservoir (17 November – 13 December 1950) was an important battle during the Korean War.

The United Nations Command, led by the United States, occupied North Korea, which had attacked South Korea.

The People's Republic of China entered the war after it had given several warnings to the United Nations. It attacked United Nations Command and forced its retreat.

In 1953, the Korean War ended with a stalemate. An armistice divided Korea at the 38th parallel.

North Korea invaded South Korea across the 38th parallel and occupied most of South Korea. The South Korean Army retreated to Busan.

The United Nations Command intervened, landed at Incheon, and captured Seoul. The United Nations occupied most of North Korea and approached its border with China, the Yalu River.

Chinese forces infiltrated into North Korea and hid there. Mao Zedong decided to attack the United Nations during the Second Phase Offensive.

The Korean Peninsula has a mountain range, the Taebaek Mountains, in its middle that divides the east from the west. The Chosin Reservoir was an artificial lake in hilly terrain in the northeast of the peninsula. A road connects the reservoir to the southeast to the port city of Hungnam.

Despite their victory in the battle, the Chinese lost so many troops that they would not be able to win the war. Also, the United Nations learned lessons from the defeat and no longer had the effect of surprise.

Operation Glory occurred in 1954 to make permanent graveyards for those who had died during the battle.

Elbow bump

Elbow bumping is a type of greeting where two people lightly touch their elbows together. It is believed that it is less likely to spread germs between two people than a handshake is.

Ladislao De Gauss

Ladislao De Gauss (6 July 1901 – 2 February 1970) was a Croatian painter and illustrator. His work was in the avant-garde style.

De Gauss was born in Budapest. He came from a noble family in Rijeka, a city in what is now in Croatia. After studying classics in Rijeka, he went to the Academy of Fine Arts in Budapest. He graduated from the academy with an official qualification as a drawing teacher. He then returned to Rijeka to live and work. In 1928 he was one of the founders of a group of avant-garde painters in the city. In 1945 he moved to the Italian city of Trieste. He died there at the age of 69.

There are works by De Gauss in the Revoltella Museum in Trieste and the National Gallery of Art in Rijeka. There is also a mosaic and a small religious painting in a church at the town of Kozala in Croatia.


Hagar in the Desert (Pittoni)

Hagar in the Desert (also known as Agar confortata da un angelo nel deserto or Agar comforted by an angel in the desert) is a 18th-century painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1720-1725, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the sacristy of Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari in Venice.

Hagar, Sarah's Egyptian maiden, was the mother of Ishmael, the first son of Abraham. When Isaac, Sarah's son, made fun of his younger brother Ishmael, Sarah asked Abraham to ban him, along with his mother. Before sending them away, Abraham gave him bread and a bottle of water and sent them to the desert of Beersheba.
When the water ran out, Hagar placed Ishmael under a bush to die and then sat a little far away, crying. But an angel appeared, traditionally the archangel Michael, who revealed to him a nearby water well, so that both were saved. Two scenes, the exile and the appearance of the angel are common in Italian and Dutch 17th century painting.


Susanna and the Elders (Pittoni)

Susanna and the Elders (also known as Susanna e i Vecchioni) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1720, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

It is a compositional drawing in black chalk that depicts the history of Old Testament of Susanna, here portrayed on the right in nudity, surprised during the bath by two elderly people, whose figures are summarily portrayed.

Pittoni initially sketched the general composition quickly and lightly, then elaborated the contours of the male figures with much greater hand pressure to give the tonal emphasis.
It is a work with the typical Rococo sensitivity of Pittoni, in which the composition seems to have been made for a painting, and seems to be closely related to the work of a sketch present in the Correr Civic Museum of Venice (inv. 4338) and in the Foundation Cini of Venice (inv. 30,252). The back of the work contains some accidental scribbles in black and red chalk (an upward motif seems to represent architectural forms), which do not seem to be the artist's. The annotation of the back in black plaster "79" is of an 18th century hand, while the annotation of the graphite verso "14 [?]. 39.8 / 1" is of a modern hand. (Carmen C. Bambach, 2005).



Hans-Dietrich Ernst

Hans-Dietrich Ernst (born November 3, 1908 Opole - March 1991 ) was a German lawyer, SS squad leader and Sicherheitsdienst (SD) lawyer.
He was a commander of the security police and SD (KdS) in German-occupied France during the World War II. He was responsible for the deportation of Jews.

He studied law.
After the National Socialists seized power , he joined the party. 
After completing his studies, he worked in Hamburg and Berlin.
After Austria's annexation in 1939, he worked in the office of the "Reich Commissioner for the Reunification of Austria with the German Empire". 
He was appointed government councilor in 1940, in Hamburg.
He became deputy of the district administrator in Tegel in the Karlovy Vary region. 
He was promoted to Senior Government.

He worked in German-occupied France as a war administration officer in Dux. 
In 1941 in Bordeaux, he was a consultant for police matters. 
In early June 1942, he was commander of the security police and SD (KdS) in Angers.
Under his command, a transport of Jews from Angers to Auschwitz-Birkenau, began on 20 July 1942 .
He left Angers in August 1944, as the Allies advanced. From September to November 1944, he was in the Vosges department.

After the war, Ernst was interned by United States forces, but he escaped. 
He went into hiding in Leipzig, but was arrested by the Soviet occupying forces.
He was sentenced to twenty years of forced labor. 
From 1947 to 1956, he was imprisoned in the Vorkuta Gulag. labor camp.
He moved to Leer in early 1956 and received a fine of 5,520 DM. 
He was warned not to travel to France. 
He could not return to the public service. 
From 1958 he was admitted to the bar in Leer, and from 1964 was a notary. In 1962, the CIA searched for him as a person of interest.

Urchin barren

Urchin barrens are places in the ocean where sea urchins have eaten and killed so many kelp plants that they turned a kelp forest into something like a desert. This happens when there are too many sea urchins. The fish, krill and other animals that live in the kelp either die or leave. Urchin barrens occur in coastal areas of the Pacific Ocean.

Urchin barrens had been forming for a long time, but in the second half of the 2010s, there were suddenly many more.

People first noticed urchin barrens in the 1800s when the sea otters were hunted for their fur. People killed so many sea otters that they almost went extinct. Sea otters like to eat sea urchins, so without sea otters to eat them, there were many, many sea urchins.

Warm ocean currents also affect sea urchin populations. In some places, kelp forests turn into urchin barrens and then grow back depending on the currents that year.
Starfish also eat sea urchins. The sunflower starfish is the only animal that regularly eats the purple sea urchin. Even sea otters like red sea urchins more than they like purple sea urchins. When a disease in 2013 killed most of the starfish on the Pacific coast, there were many more purple sea urchins left. One study showed that the number of purple sea urchins in one reef off the coast of Oregon increased 10,000% in the five years between 2014 and 2019. They either ate or crowded out the red abalone and red sea urchins that humans like to eat. The abalone fishery in California closed in 2018, a loss of US$44 million per year.

When purple sea urchins run out of food, they try to eat each other, and then they become dormant, as if sleeping. They do not try to reproduce, so their gonads shrink. Because the gonads are the part of the urchin that humans like to eat, dormant purple sea urchins cannot be caught and sold for food.

Scientists said the warmer water in the early 2010s weakened the bull kelp. In 2016, a mass of warm water nicknamed the "Blob" kept the coast of California very warm. The warm water also made it easier for the sea urchins to reproduce, so they had many more young than usual.

A study showed that 90% of the bull kelp off the coast of California had been killed in the late 2010s.

Scientists performed tank and ocean experiments on other animals, such as lobsters, to see if they would eat enough purple sea urchins to help the kelp forests grow back, but they only helped a little.

In places where sea otters have returned, like Juan de Fuca Strait, they ate enough sea urchins that the kelp forests grew back.

Some companies hired red abalone divers to collect purple sea urchins and bring them to controlled sea ranches where they could be fed until they were healthy enough to sell for human use.

1994 Cobo Arena attack

At around 2:35 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on January 6, 1994, American figure skater Nancy Kerrigan was hit on the lower right thigh with a baton at the Cobo Arena in Detroit, Michigan. She had just finished practising on an ice rink in the arena. Shane Stant did the attack with his uncle Derrick Smith. Smith was the getaway driver. They were both paid by Jeff Gillooly and Shawn Eckardt to injure Kerrigan so that she could not take part in the 1994 U.S. Figure Skating championships and 1994 Winter Olympics. Jeff Gillooly was the ex-husband of Nancy Kerrigan's rival in figure skating at the time, Tonya Harding. Some people think Harding was also involved in the attack. Gillooly and Eckdardt both said that Tonya Harding knew about the attack, but Harding said that she didn't know about it.

Kerrigan could not take part in the rest of the U.S. Championships because of the attack. She healed in time to take part in the Winter Olympics and got a silver medal. Harding took part in both the U.S. Championships and the Winter Olympics. Tonya Harding was banned for life from USFSA figure skating events. Harding had won the U.S. Championships, but had this taken away from her afterwards.

Nancy Kerrigan was an American figure skater. In January 1994, she was about to take part in the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Detroit. Her main rival in that tournament was Tonya Harding. The attack happened a few days before the tournament. It caused to Kerrigan to not be able to take part. The Winter Olympics were also going to take place in February. Kerrigan and Harding were the two female figure skaters from the United States in the Olympics. The attack helped Harding as it made it easier for her to win the U.S. Championships. It also could have helped her if it had stopped Kerrigan from taking part in the Olympics.

Marcelino Campanal

Marcelino Gonzalez Vaquero River (13 February 1932 – 25 May 2020) was a Spanish footballer. He played defense for Real Avilés CF from 1947 to 1969. He also played for the national team eleven times during his career. Campanal was born in Gijón, Spain.

Campanal died on 25 May 2020 at a hospital in Avilés, Spain at the age of 88.

Avilés

Avilés () is a city in Asturias, Spain. Avilés is with Oviedo and Gijón, one of the main towns in the Principality of Asturias.

Spike Cohen

Jeremy "Spike" Cohen (born June 28, 1982) is an American activist, businessman, and podcaster. He was the Libertarian Party's nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2020 election.

Cohen ran with Vermin Supreme for President and Vice President in the 2020 Libertarian Presidential primaries, and was actively involved in campaigning.

In 2020 Supreme lost the primary to Jo Jorgensen, but Cohen decided to still compete for the vice-presidential Libertarian nomination. He won the vice presidential nomination.

Jo Jorgensen 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Jo Jorgensen is an election campaign that began on November 2, 2019 at the Libertarian Party of South Carolina convention. Jorgensen was the Libertarian Party's 1996 vice presidential nominee.

On May 23, at the virtual 2020 Libertarian National Convention, Jorgensen became the party's 2020 presidential nominee after four rounds of voting by delegates. She is the party's first female presidential nominee.

Vermin Supreme's original running mate, Spike Cohen, was selected at the virtual convention to be Jorgensen's running mate on May 24, 2020.

Jorgensen has received endorsements from many former Libertarian candidates in the 2020 race, including Lincoln Chafee, Justin Amash, Adam Kokesh, Jacob Hornberger and Vermin Supreme. On May 25, former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson endorsed her.


John Eden, Baron Eden of Winton

John Benedict Eden, Baron Eden of Winton, (15 September 1925 – 23 May 2020) was a British Conservative politician. He was the Member of Parliament for Bournemouth West from 1954 to 1983. From 1983 to 2015, he was a member of the House of Lords.

Eden died on 23 May 2020 at the age of 94.

Frostburg, Maryland

Frostburg is a city in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. The population was 7,027 at the 2020 census. It is located west of Cumberland.

Pikesville, Maryland

Pikesville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. Pikesville is just northwest of the Baltimore city limits. It is the northwestern suburb closest to Baltimore.

The population was 34,168 at the 2020 census.

Holcomb, Missouri

Holcomb is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The population was 642 at the 2020 census.

Kolya

Kolya () is a 1996 Czech drama movie directed by Jan Svěrák and starring Zdeněk Svěrák, Andrey Khalimon, Libuše Šafránková, Stella Zázvorková. It was distributed by Miramax and won an Academy Award in 1997.


Nadejda Brânzan

Nadejda Brânzan (29 August 1948 – 25 May 2020) was a Moldovan politician and physician. He was a member of Parliament from 1990 to 1994. He was a member of the Popular Front of Moldova.

Brânzan died on 25 May 2020 at the age of 71.


Marv Luster

Marvin Luster (November 27, 1937 – May 25, 2020) was an American professional football player. Luster was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He played in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for fourteen years. He played college football for the UCLA Bruins. 

Luster was selected originally by the Los Angeles Rams in the 1960 NFL Draft. He played as a defensive back for the Toronto Argonauts and Montreal Alouettes. He won the 1974 Grey Cup. He was a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame. 

In November, 2006, he was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (#35) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN. 

Luster died in Atlanta, Georgia on May 25, 2020 at the age of 82.

Vadão

Oswaldo Fumeiro Alvarez (21 August 1956 – 25 May 2020), more commonly known as Vadão, was a Brazilian football manager. He was head coach for the Brazil women's national football team. He was fired after the team lost the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in the 16th round.

Vadão died on 25 May 2020 from liver cancer in São Paulo, aged 63.


Caravan (newspaper)

Caravan (Russian and Kazahk: Караван) is a Kazakhstani Russian-language newspaper published in Almaty. It is a weekly paper. "Caravan" was founded in 1991. It focuses on the social, political and economic life of Kazakhstan. The circulation is 225,000 copies. The newspaper has won several prizes.

Kaul

Kaul (also spelled Koul; ) is the caste used by most of the Kashmiri Pandits in India. They are Brahmins who come from Kashmir. After the protest in 1991 from Muslims, all Kashmiri Pandits forcefully left their houses.

Some famous Kashmiri Pandits are:-


Julian Edelman

Julian Francis Edelman (born May 22, 1986) is an American football wide receiver and punt returner for the New England Patriots playing in the National Football League (NFL). 

He played college football at Kent State and the College of San Mateo as a quarterback. He was drafted by the Patriots in the seventh round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Edelman mostly plays on offense and as a punt returner; he has also been used at cornerback at times when the Patriots have been shorthanded on defense.

Lucia Mee

Lucia Quinney Mee BEM (28 May 1999 – 24 May 2020) was a Northern Irish campaigner for organ donation, having had four liver transplants herself, the first at the age of eight. She took part in the 2016 Transplant Games. She started the Live Loudly Donate Proudly campaign.


Pankaj Jaiswal

Pankaj Jaiswal (born 15 June 1992) is an Indian film producer, and owner of Next Entertainment. He has produced films including "Ammaa Ki Boli", "Saare Jahan Se Acha" and "Naa Hausla Harenge Hum".

Jaiswal graduated from Somaiya college. In 2013, he started his career with the television serial "Naa Hausla Harenge Hum" on Doordarshan. He also produced the web series "Saare Jahan Se Acha" with Prakash Jha as a host. In 2019 He made his debut as a film producer with "Ammaa Ki Boli".

Manna (actor)

Full Name : SM Aslam Talukder (14 April 1964 – 17 February 2008), known by his stage name Manna, was a remarkably most successfully Bangladeshi movie actor and producer. In his 24 years career he has acted in more than three hundred movies.He is called the latest Mahanayak(great hero) & Megastar of the Dhaliwood golden generation.Dhaliwood Superstar Manna's position after the hero Raj-Razzak who has held the top position of popularity in Dhaliwood movies for a long time. He earned numerous accolades in his long career, including 1 National Film Awards, 3 Meril Prothom Alo Awards, 5 Bachsas Awards. He earned a Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie "Bir Soinik" (2003).

Manna was born on 14 April 1964 at Elenga in Tangail District. He acted in over 200 movies. His acting career started in 1984 after he was discovered through a talent search program by the National Film Development Corporation of Bangladesh.

Manna was the General Secretary of the "Bangladesh Film Actors Association". As the general secretary, he was active in the ongoing movement against vulgarity in the Dhallywood film industry. One of the first movies that brought him to attention was "Danga" (1992). Other commercially successful movies are "Traash", "Shanto kano mastan and" & "Amma Jaan".

Montajur Rahman Akbar's 'Shanto Keno Mastan' and ‘Ke Amar Baba’ were released in 1998 and 1999. In 1999, the movie 'Ammajan' directed by Kazi Hayat released. The movie established Manna into a permanent position in Bangla movie history as it was one of the most successful commercial movies of Bengali movie history.

On average, Manna acted in 10 movies each year. Among movies released last year, he played lead roles in commercially successful movies including "Saajghor", "Khomotar Garom", "Moner Shathey Juddho", "Machine-man", "Ulta Palta 69" and "Shotru Shotru Khela". Manna received several prestigious awards including a National Film Award for Best Actor in 2005. As an action hero, Manna acted in collaboration with action director Kazi Hayat's 20 movies and Montazur Rahman Akbar's 22 movies.

Manna died on 17 February 2008 following a heart attack at United hospital.



The video editing, color grading and dubbing studio has been renamed "Manna Digital Complex" in the digital system within the Bangladesh Film Development Corporation for his outstanding contribution to the Bangladesh film industry.

Siegfried &amp; Roy: Masters of the Impossible

Siegfried & Roy: Masters of the Impossible is an American animated television series based on Siegfried & Roy. The performers, famous for their animal acts with white tigers and lions, were recast as action-adventure heroes in the mythical land of Sarmoti.

Red Line 7000

Red Line 7000 is a 1965 American action drama movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring James Caan, Laura Devon, Charlene Holt, Marianna Hill, Norman Alden, George Takei, Teri Garr, Dee Hartford. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

El Dorado (1966 movie)

El Dorado is a 1966 American western movie directed by Howard Hawks and based on the 1960 novel "The Stars in Their Courses" by Harry Brown. It stars John Wayne, James Caan, Robert Mitchum, Charlene Holt, Paul Fix, Ed Asner, R. G. Armstrong, Christopher George, John Mitchum and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Bulgars

The Bulgars (also Bulghars, Bulgari, Bolgars, Bolghars, Bolgari, Proto-Bulgarians) were Turkic semi-nomadic warrior tribes that flourished in the Pontic–Caspian steppe and the Volga region during the 7th century. They became known as nomadic equestrians in the Volga-Ural region, but some researchers say that their ethnic roots can be traced to Central Asia. During their westward migration across the Eurasian steppe, the Bulgar tribes absorbed other ethnic groups and cultural influences in a process of ethnogenesis, including Indo-European, Finno-Ugric and Hunnic tribes. Modern genetic research on Central Asian Turkic people and ethnic groups related to the Bulgars points to an affiliation with Western Eurasian populations. The Bulgars spoke a Turkic language, i.e. Bulgar language of Oghuric branch. They preserved the military titles, organization and customs of Eurasian steppes, as well as pagan shamanism and belief in the sky deity Tangra.

Lorna (movie)

Lorna is a 1964 American comedy drama movie directed by Russ Meyer and starring Lorna Maitland, James Rucker. It was distributed by Eve Productions Inc..


Back Door to Hell

Back Door to Hell is a 1964 American Filipino World War II movie directed by Monte Hellman and stars Jack Nicholson, Jimmie Rodgers, Annabelle Huggins, John Hackett. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Flight to Fury

Flight to Fury is a 1964 American Filipino adventure drama movie directed by Monte Hellman and Eddie Romero and starring Dewey Martin, Jack Nicholson, Fay Spain, Joseph Estrada, Vic Díaz.


Dear Brigitte

Dear Brigitte is a 1965 American family comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and based on the 1963 novel "Erasmus With Freckles" by John Haase. It stars James Stewart, Fabian Forte, Glynis Johns, Cindy Carol, Ed Wynn, Brigitte Bardot, Bill Mumy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Cavern (1964 movie)

The Cavern (, , also known as Helden - Himmel und Hölle) is a 1964 Italian German American World War II drama movie directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring John Saxon, Rosanna Schiaffino, Brian Aherne, Larry Hagman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A Patch of Blue

A Patch of Blue is a 1965 American drama movie directed by Guy Green and based on the 1961 novel "Be Ready with Bells and Drums" by Elizabeth Kara. It stars Sidney Poitier, Shelley Winters, Elizabeth Hartman, Wallace Ford, Ivan Dixon, John Qualen and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1966.


Z (1969 movie)

Z is a 1969 Algerian French thriller movie directed by Costa-Gavras and based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Vassillis Vassilikos. It stars Jean-Louis Trintignant, Yves Montand, Irene Papas, Jacques Perrin, Charles Denner, Georges Géret, Bernard Fresson, Gérard Darrieu and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1970.

Young Billy Young

Young Billy Young is a 1969 American western movie directed by Burt Kennedy and based on the novel by Heck Allen. It stars Robert Mitchum, Angie Dickinson, Robert Walker, David Carradine, Jack Kelly, Paul Fix, Deana Martin and was distributed by United Artists.


Masters of the Sea

Masters of the Sea (German: Herren der Meere) is a 1922 Austrian silent adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the novel "The Pirates" by Ernest Vajda. It stars Victor Varconi, María Corda, Dylan Vanas, Tibor Lubinszky, Gyula Szőreghy and distributed by Sascha-Film. The film was released on 3 February 1922 in Austria. 

Easy Lynne (1916 movie)

East Lynne is a 1916 American drama movie directed by Bertman Bracken and based on the 1861 novel of the same name by Ellen Wood. It stars Theda Bara, Ben Deeley, Stuart Holmes, Claire Whitney, William H. Tooker and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Last Summer (1974 movie)

The Last Summer (, translit. Posledno lyato) is a 1974 Bulgarian drama movie directed by Christo Christov and starring Grigor Vachkov, Dimitar Ikonomov, Bogdan Spasov, Vesko Zehirev.

Come Drink with Me

Come Drink with Me is a 1966 Hong Kong action fantasy movie directed by King Hu and starring Cheng Pei-pei, Yueh Hua, Chan Hung-lit, Ku Feng, Jackie Chan. It was distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio.


Loss of citizenship

Loss of citizenship, also referred to as loss of nationality, is the event of ceasing to be a citizen of a country under the nationality law of that country. It is a blanket term covering both involuntary loss of citizenship, such as through denaturalization, as well as voluntary renunciation of citizenship.

Languages of Russia

There are many languages spoken in Russia. Russian, an East Slavic language is the national official language and the most common.

Although Russian is the only official language of the Russian Federation, there are several other officially-recognized languages for areas within Russia. This is a list of languages that are official only in certain parts of Russia. 

Moskva River

The Moskva River (, romanized: "Moskva-reka") is a river in Russia. It is the river where the capital of Russia Moscow gets it name, as it is the main river in the city. It is a tributary of the Oka River. This river then flows into the Volga River. The Volga flows into the Caspian Sea. The Moskva is around long.

Salar de Uyuni

Salar de Uyuni (or Salar de Tunupa) is the world's largest salt flat. It is over in area. 

It is in Potosí in southwest Bolivia, near the crest of the Andes at an height of 3,656 metres (11,995 ft) above sea level.

The crust serves as a source of salt and covers a pool of brine, which is exceptionally rich in lithium. It contains 50% to 70% of the world's known lithium reserves. The large area, clear skies, and exceptional flatness of the surface make the Salar ideal for calibrating the altimeters of Earth observation satellites.

Oka (river)

The Oka (, ) is a river in Russia. It is a tributary of the Volga River. The Moskva River, which is the main river in Moscow, flows into it. The river is very long and is long.

2018 United States gubernatorial elections

The 2018 United States gubernatorial elections were a series of elections occurring in 36 states, as well as 3 territories. The Democrats made substantial gains, the and Independents made a net loss of one (the only Independent governor, who came from Alaska, lost his reelection bid to a Republican).

Elections occurred in the following states:

In the following states, Democrats had held the seat, but in this election lost to Republicans:

"None"

In the following states, Democrats had held the seat, but in this election lost to Independents:

"None"

In the following states, Republicans had held the seat, but in this election lost to Democrats:


In the following states, Republicans had held the seat, but in this election lost to Independents:

"None"

In the following states, Independents had held the seat, but in this election lost to Republicans:


In the following states, Independents had held the seat, but in this election lost to Democrats:

"None"

In the following states, Republicans had held the seat, and continued to hold it following this election:


In the following states, Independents had held the seats, and continued to hold them following this election:

"None"

In the following states, Democrats had held the seats, and continued to hold them following this election:


Northwest Indiana

Northwest Indiana is a region in the state of Indiana.

Northwest Indiana is near Chicago.

Counties in Northwest Indiana are:


Northwest Indiana is more heavily influenced by Chicago, Illinois, than the rest of Indiana.

Due to its proximity to Chicago, Northwest Indiana is more liberal than the rest of Indiana. One of the state´s two Democratic US Congress delegates was elected from a district in Northwest Indiana. Although only Lake County is really liberal, and the other three counties are either swing or conservative, Lake County does have a higher population than the other three counties in Northwest Indiana combined, so Northwest Indiana is overall liberal-leaning.

At the same time, Jasper and Newton Counties are very conservative.

Porter County is a swing county, although it voted for Donald Trump in 2016.

Lake County is overall quite liberal.

Lake County makes up over 60% of the population of Northwest Indiana, though taking up approximately 25% of Northwest Indiana's land.

Terror Train

Terror Train is a 1980 Canadian horror movie directed by first time director Roger Spottiswoode and starring Jamie Lee Curtis, Ben Johnson, Hart Bochner, Vanity, Anthony Sherwood, Timothy Webber, Joy Boushel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


La Bayamesa

"La Bayamesa" or "El Himno de Bayamo" ("The Bayamo Song") is a Cuban pre-revolutionary song which has been the national anthem of Cuba since 1902. First performed in 1868 during the Battle of Bayamo, author and freedom fighter Perucho Figueredo who battled in Bayamo, wrote the lyrics to this song and composed the music before being executed by the Spaniards. In 1898, Cuban conductor Antonio Rodriguez-Ferrer was the anthem's musical introductory note conductor.

Only the first verse (in bold) is officially part of the anthem.
<poem>To arms, quickly, ye Bayamesans!
As the homeland looks proudly to you;
don't fear a glorious death,
for to die for the homeland is to live.
To live in shackles is to live
mired in shame and disgrace,
now hear the sound of the bugle;
Quickly, ye brave, to arms!

Fear not the vicious Iberians.
They're cowards as is every tyrant.
They cannot oppose spirited Cubans.
Their empire has forever fallen.
Free Cuba! Spain has already died,
their power and pride, where did it go?
Hear the sound of the bugle.
Run, brave ones, to battle!

Behold our triumphant troops
Behold they that have fallen.
As cowards they flee defeated:
We triumphed because of our bravery.
Free Cuba! we can shout
from the cannon's terrible boom.
Hear the sound of the bugle,
Run, brave ones, to battle!</poem>

Venceremos

"Venceremos" (, which means "We Will Win") is a Chilean song. This song was used for the Popular Unity of Chile, and it was made more popular by Chilean organisations, like Inti-Illimani and Quilapayún. This song was at its height during the 1970 Chilean presidential elections, during which people sung this song in order to support Salvador Allende.

The words of the song were written by Claudio Iturra, and the music was created by Sergio Ortega. To further support the left-wing party in the 1970 elections, the lyrics were written again by Víctor Jara, mentioning Allende and Popular Unity in the lyrics.

This song became popular in the 1970s and has been translated into Portuguese, Italian, Russian, German, Swedish, Finnish, and Turkish languages; however, the authors of the last five are not known.

The words were changed by Victor Jara, and the following text was recorded by Quilapayún.
When this song became more well known throughout the globe, it was translated into Turkish by the Turkish band (meaning "Commentary Group"), founded in 1984.
There are many versions of the words in the German language. The most well-known one is the version below, which was written by the German poet Hans Georg Albig.

All the Right Moves (movie)

All the Right Moves is a 1983 romantic drama movie directed by first time director Michael Chapman and starring Tom Cruise, Gary Graham, Lea Thompson, Craig T. Nelson, Chris Penn, Sandy Faison, Terry O'Quinn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Felszabadulás dala

The Felszabadulás dala ( [ɒ ˈfɛlsɒbɒdulaːʒ ˈdɒlɒ] ; 'Song of Liberation') is a communist Hungarian patriotic song. It was first created during Rákosi Mátyás's rule in order to celebrate Liberation Day on April 4 when the Soviet Red Army drove the Nazis away from Hungarian territory in 1950. It was written and composed by Hungarian musician Ernő Rossa (1909–72).



Darling (movie)

Darling is a 1965 British romantic drama movie directed by John Schlesinger and starring Julie Christie, Dirk Bogarde, Laurence Harvey, José Luis de Villalonga, Roland Curram, Basil Henson, Umberto Raho, Pauline Yates, Brian Wilde. It was distributed by Embassy Pictures and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1966.


Up from the Beach

Up from the Beach is a 1965 American French World War II movie directed by Robert Parrish and based on the 1959 novel "Epitaph for an Enemy" by George Barr. It stars Cliff Robertson, Red Buttons, James Robertson Justice, Broderick Crawford, Robert Hoffman, Marius Goring and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Nanny (1965 movie)

The Nanny is a 1965 British horror movie directed by Seth Holt and based on the novel of the same name by Merriam Modell. It stars Bette Davis, Wendy Craig, Jill Bennett, James Villiers, Harry Fowler, Maurice Denham and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Richard Herd

Richard Herd, Jr. (September 26, 1932 – May 26, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was known for playing Mr. Wilhelm on "Seinfeld". He also played James W. McCord, Jr. in the 1976 political thriller "All the President's Men".

Herd died of colorectal cancer-related problems in Los Angeles on May 26, 2020 at the age of 87.

Mirage (movie)

Mirage is a 1965 American mystery thriller movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1952 novel "Fallen Angel" by Howard Fast. It stars Gregory Peck, Diane Baker, Walter Matthau, Kevin McCarthy, Jack Weston, Leif Erickson, Walter Abel, George Kennedy, Hari Rhodes and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

How to Murder Your Wife

How to Murder Your Wife is a 1965 American black comedy movie directed by Richard Quine and starring Jack Lemmon, Virna Lisi, Terry-Thomas, Claire Trevor, Eddie Mayehoff, Jack Albertson. It was distributed by United Artists.


Solo Sunny

Solo Sunny is a 1980 East German musical drama movie directed by Konrad Wolf and Wolfgang Kohlhaase. It stars Renate Krößner, Alexander Lang, Fred Düren, Klaus Händel, Olaf Mierau.

Once Is Never

Once Is Never () is a 1955 East German comedy movie directed by Konrad Wolf and starring Horst Drinda, Brigitte Krause, Paul Schulz-Wernburg, Hillmar Thate, Johannes Arpe. It was distributed by VEB Progess Film.

Squad Car

Squad Car is a 1960 American crime drama movie directed by Ed Leftwich and stars Paul Bryar, Vici Raaf, Don Marlowe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Anne-Élisabeth Blateau

Anne Elizabeth Blateau (born July 28, 1976 in Paris) is a French actress and playwright.

She studied at Sciences Po Paris.
Her work appeared at the 2008 Saint-Maur Short Film Festival, 2009 Cannes film festival 


Aeacus

Aeacus was a mythological king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf. Aeacus was the son of Zeus and Aegina. When Aeacus died, he became one of the three judges in Hades.

He assisted Poseidon and Apollo in building the walls of Troy and he had sanctuaries in Athens and Aegina.

Senlis

Senlis () is a commune in the northern French department of Oise.

The monarchs of the early French dynasties lived in Senlis. It is known for the Chantilly forest nearby. It is also known for its Gothic cathedral and other historical monuments. 

The people that live here are called "Senlisiens" and "Senlisiennes".

June A. Willenz

June Adele Willenz (née Friedenberg; December 17, 1924 – May 3, 2020) was an American military veterans activist and writer. Willenz was born in New York City.

She was an Executive Director of the American Veterans Committee (AVC). She was the author of "Women Veterans: America's Forgotten Heroines" (Continuum, 1983). Willenz also help build the Women in Military Service for America Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery. She was added into the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame in 2011.

Willenz died on May 3, 2020 in Bethesda, Maryland of a heart attack, aged 95.

Anthony Bailey (author)

Anthony Bailey (5 January 1933 – 13 May 2020) was a British writer and art historian.

In 1955, he emigrated to New York City and became a staff writer at "The New Yorker" magazine for over 30 years. He wrote twenty-three books, including biographies of artists J. M. W. Turner, John Constable, and two books on Rembrandt.

He lived on Mersea Island, near Colchester, Essex. He died on 13 May 2020 of COVID-19, aged 87. 

Julitta Münch

Julitta Münch (25 July 1959 – 21 May 2020) was a German presenter and journalist. She was born in Düsseldorf, Germany. In 1992, she and Jürgen Drensek became the first presenters of the "", which she presented until 1994. 

From 1995, she worked at WDR 5, where she presented "Morgenecho" and "Neugier genügt". From 1997 to the end of 2010, Münch took over the radio broadcast program "Hallo Ü-Wagen" at WDR 5.

Münch died on 21 May 2020 in Lohmar, Germany, aged 60.


André Cartier

André Cartier (24 December 1945 – 22 May 2020) was a Canadian actor. He was known for playing André in the children's series "Passe-Partout". Cartier was born in Montreal, Quebec. He also starred in "Sol et Gobelet", "Bound for Glory", "Les Oraliens" and "La bonne aventure".

Cartier died on 22 May 2020 in Dunham, Quebec of cancer at the age of 74.

José Roberto Figueroa

José Roberto Figueroa Padilla, also known as Macho, (15 December 1959 – 24 May 2020) was a Honduran footballer. He played as a forward, in Honduras for F.C. Motagua, C.D.S. Vida and in Spain for Real Murcia and Hércules CF. He also represented Honduras at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.

Figueroa was born in Olanchito, Honduras. He died on 24 May 2020 in San Francisco, California of cardiac arrest, aged 60.


Ricardo Barreda

Ricardo Alberto Barreda (16 June 1936 – 25 May 2020) was an Argentine convicted mass murderer and former dentist. He was born in La Plata, Argentina. On November 15 1992, he murdered his wife, two daughters and his mother-in-law. In 1995, he was sentenced to life imprisonment. He was granted house arrest in 2011, but was soon put back in jail after violating it. 

Barreda died of cardiopulmonary arrest caused by Alzheimer's disease on 25 May 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 83.

Francis Dufour

Francis Dufour (March 28, 1929 – May 25, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was the member for Jonquière in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1996. He was a member of the Parti Québécois from 1985 until 1996. Dufour was born in Jonquière, Quebec. 

Dufour died on May 25, 2020 in Jonquière at the age of 91.

Summer Bishil

Summer Yasmine Bishil (born July 17, 1988) is an American actress. She became well known for her roles as Jasira in the 2007 movie "Towelhead" and as Taslima in the 2009 movie "Crossing Over". She is also known for her role as Margo Hanson on the Syfy fantasy drama series "The Magicians".

Bishil was born in Pasadena, California. 

İsmail Hakkı Karadayı

İsmail Hakkı Karadayı (1932 – 26 May 2020) was a Turkish general and politician. He became the 20th Commander of the Turkish Armed Forces on 30 August 1993. Between 1994 and 1998, he was the 22nd Chief of the Turkish General Staff. He was born in Çankırı, Turkey.

On 13 April 2018, a Turkish court sentenced him to life imprisonment for his role in the 1997 Turkish military memorandum.

Karadayı died on 26 May 2020 in Istanbul of multiple organ failure, aged 87–88.

Grand Lisboa

Grand Lisboa () is a 47-floor, hotel in Sé, Macau, China. It is owned by Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau and designed by Hong Kong architects Dennis Lau and Ng Chun Man. 

Its casino and restaurants were opened on February 11, 2007, while the hotel was opened in December 2008. The casino offers 800 gaming tables and 1,000 slot machines. The hotel has 430 hotel rooms and suites. The Grand Lisboa is the tallest building in Macau.

The casino is the first in Macau to offer Texas hold 'em poker ring games. It was also the first to offer craps, though several other casinos in Macau now offer the game.

In 2017 it was reported that the Grand Lisboa had the lowest revenue and profits during 2016. It was owned by businessman Stanley Ho.

Stanley Ho

Stanley Ho Hung-sun (, 25 November 1921 – 26 May 2020) was a Hong Kong-Macau billionaire businessman, and philanthropist. He was the founder and chairman of SJM Holdings. It owned nineteen casinos in Macau including the Grand Lisboa.

Ho had been nicknamed "Godfather" and "King of Gambling". He was an important person on the Macau gambling industry for 75 years.

Ho was also the founder and chairman of Shun Tak Holdings, through which he owned many businesses including entertainment, tourism, shipping, real estate, banking, and air transport. It was said that his businesses employ almost one-fourth of the workforce of Macau.

Ho died on 26 May 2020 at a hospital in Hong Kong of kidney failure, aged 98.

Vladimir Lopukhin

Vladimir Mikhailovich Lopukhin (23 May 1952 – 26 May 2020) was a Soviet-born Russian politician and economist. He was born in Moscow. He worked for the Institute of World Economy and International Relations. He was the Minister of Energy from 10 November 1991 to 30 May 1992. 

Lopukhin died on 26 May 2020 in Moscow of COVID-19, three days after his 68th birthday.

Christian Mbulu

Christian Mbulu (6 August 199626 May 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a defender. Mbulu was born in Newham, England. 

He played for Brentwood Town F.C. from 2013 to 2015. From 2015 to 2018, he played for Millwall F.C.. From 2019 to 2020, he played for Crewe Alexandra F.C.. In 2020, he played for Morecambe F.C..

Mbulu died on 26 May 2020 at his home in Cottam, Lancashire, aged 23.

Li Ka-shing

Sir Li Ka-shing (born 13 June 1928) is a Hong Kong businessman, investor, and philanthropist. As of June 2019, Li is the 30th richest person in the world. He has a wealth of US$29.4 billion.

He is the senior advisor for CK Hutchison Holdings and CK Asset Holdings, after he retired from the Chairman of the Board in May 2018; through it, he is the world's leading port investor, developer, and operator of the largest health and beauty retailer in Asia and Europe.

Lee Shau-kee

Lee Shau-kee GBM (; born 20 February 1928) is a Hong Kong businessman, investor, and philanthropist. He is well known real estate tycoon and majority owner of Henderson Land Development. In 2019, aged 91, Lee retired as chairman and managing director of the company.

His personal wealth is said to be $31.5 billion, making him the second wealthiest man in Hong Kong, and the 27th richest in the world

Sab Shimono

Saburo Shimono (born July 31, 1937) is a Japanese–American actor. He began his career on stage on Broadway. His best known roles were in "Mame", "Lovely Ladies, Kind Gentlemen", and "Pacific Overtures". 

He has appeared in many movies and television shows in character roles, including "Midway, Gung Ho, Presumed Innocent, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III, The Shadow, Samurai Jack," and "Southland Tales." He also voiced Monk Gyatso / Master Yu in "".

Shimono was born in Sacramento, California. He is openly gay.


John Noble

John Noble (born 20 August 1948) is an Australian actor and theatre director. He was born in Port Pirie, South Australia.

He is best known for his roles as Dr. Walter Bishop in the US Fox science fiction television series "Fringe" and Henry Parrish in the Fox action-horror series "Sleepy Hollow". His best known movie role was as Denethor in Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy. 

He also provided the voice of the DC Comics supervillain Scarecrow in the 2015 video game "".

In 2015, he joined the main cast of the television series "Elementary" as Sherlock Holmes's father. He was also cast as a doctor in the Australian TV series "All Saints." 

In 2012, Noble was diagnosed with osteoporosis.

Bob Lynn

Bob Lynn (February 23, 1933 – May 25, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing the 31st district from 2003 to 2013 and the 26th district from 2013 to 2017. He was born in Los Angeles.

He was Chair of the State Affairs Committee, was Vice-Chair of the Judiciary Committee, and was a member of the Transportation Committee and Joint Armed Forces Committees. He also was on the Labor & Workforce Development, Military & Veterans' Affairs, and Public Safety Finance Subcommittees, for the 28th Legislature. 

Lynn died on May 25, 2020 in California from a long-illness, aged 87.


Murder of George Floyd

Derek Chauvin, a white police officer, murdered George Floyd, a 46 year old African-American man, during an arrest on May 25, 2020 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The murder started the George Floyd protests against racism in the United States and in other countries.

George Floyd was a 46 year old African-American man from Houston, Texas. Chauvin, a police officer of the Minneapolis Police Department, killed Floyd while he was under arrest for using counterfeit cash. Chauvin put his knee on Floyd's neck for nearly nine minutes while Floyd was gasping for breath. Witnesses said Floyd told the officers, "I can't breathe" many times before he lost consciousness. This happened in the Powderhorn area of Minneapolis. 

The event was recorded on many mobile phones. Four officers involved were fired the next day. The Federal Bureau of Investigation announced a federal civil rights investigation into the incident. It had an impact on law enforcement.

In late May, after days of protests, the officer who killed Floyd, Derek Chauvin, was charged with third-degree murder and manslaughter. The charge was later changed to second-degree murder. The three other officers were charged on June 3 with aiding and abetting second-degree murder, meaning they are charged with helping Chauvin kill Floyd.

Chauvin's trial began on March 9, 2021. On April 20, 2021, a jury found Chauvin guilty. On June 25, Chauvin was given a sentence of 22 years and six months in prison.

George Floyd was a 46-year-old African-American man from Houston, Texas. He was a rapper who worked with the Houston-based hip hop group Screwed Up Click and freestyled under the alias "Big Floyd". Floyd moved to Minnesota around 2014. At the time of his death, Floyd had recently lost his job due to Minnesota's stay-at-home order during the COVID-19 pandemic. Floyd was the father of two daughters, aged 6 and 22.


Shortly after 8:00 p.m. on May 25, Memorial Day, Minneapolis Police Department officers responded to a "forgery in progress" on Chicago Avenue South in the Powderhorn neighborhood of Minneapolis. Floyd "tried to use forged documents at a nearby deli." According to a co-owner of Cup Foods, Floyd attempted to use a $20 bill that a staff member identified as counterfeit. According to police, Floyd was in a nearby car and "appeared to be drunk."

According to the Minneapolis police, officers "were able to get the suspect into handcuffs and noted he appeared to be suffering medical distress," and called for an ambulance. No weapons were used in the arrest, according to a statement from the Minneapolis police.

According to the Minneapolis Fire Department, paramedics moved Floyd from the location and were doing CPR and other lifesaving measures on an "unresponsive, pulseless male." Floyd was taken to Hennepin County Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.

Floyd was buried in Houston, Texas on June 9.

George Floyd's body was examined more than once, and the experts said different things about how he died.

On June 1, the Hennepin County medical examiner released a report. This report said that Floyd died because of homicide, which means killing, but does not mean that anybody is guilty of murder. The report also said that Floyd had recently used methamphetamine and had fentanyl intoxication. Prosecutors said that the Hennepin County medical examiner did not think Floyd died from lack of air. Prosecutors said they thought Floyd must have had heart disease or taken alcohol or drugs and that the police officers' actions would not have been enough to kill him by themselves. On June 3, they said Floyd had tested positive for COVID-19 in April, but they did not say this helped cause his death.

George Floyd's family hired Dr. Allecia M. Wilson of the University of Michigan and Dr. Michael Baden, who used to be a medical examiner for New York City, to examine Floyd's body and figure out how he died. They said that Floyd died from lack of air because the heavy weight of the officers on his back kept him from breathing, in addition to the knee on his neck. Dr. Baden said, "The autopsy shows that Mr. Floyd had no underlying medical problem that caused or contributed to his death. This is confirmed by information provided to Dr. Wilson and myself by the family." They also called his death a homicide.

On May 29, 2020, Derek Chauvin was charged with third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. On June 3, Chauvin was also charged with second-degree murder, a more serious crime. Chauvin was scheduled for arraignment, to appear in court, on June 8. In October, a judge took away the third-degree murder charge. In March 2021, Chauvin was charged with third-degree murder again. 

J. Alexander Kueng, Thomas Lane, and Tou Thao were charged with aiding and abetting (helping) second-degree murder, and aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter. Kueng, Lane, and Thao each paid bail money and were released from jail by July. To be released on bail means that the suspect gives some money or a deed to property to the court and promises not to run away. If the suspect appears at the trial, the money or deed is returned. If the suspect runs away, the court keeps it. Lane was released on June 10, Kueng on June 19, and Thao on July 4. 

At a pre-trial hearing during the last week in June, Minneapolis Judge Peter Cahill told lawyers and other officials to stop making public statements about the trial. He said if they did not stop, he would order the trial to take place somewhere other than Minneapolis. He also said, if they continued talking, he would issue a gag order, meaning they could be punished if they continued talking.

In January 2021, Judge Cahill decided that there would be two trials. The trial for Derek Chauvin would begin on March 8, 2021. The trial for Kueng, Lane, and Thao would begin on August 23, 2021.

Chauvin's trial began on March 8, 2021. On March 9, the judge and attorneys began to select the jury. Six of the jurors were white, four were black, and two were multiracial. The oldest juror was in her sixties. The trial was broadcasted on video. The court did not show pictures of the jury, but did broadcast their voices when talking.

On April 20, 2021, a jury found Chauvin guilty of three crimes: second-degree unintentional murder of someone while committing a big crime, third-degree murder, and second-degree manslaughter. The jurors had talked to each other for ten hours in two pieces, on Monday and Tuesday. The judge is scheduled to give him his sentence eight weeks later. The largest penalty the judge could give Chauvin is 40 years in prison but most people who commit these crimes spend 10-15 years in prison. That means the jury decided that Chauvin might not have meant to kill Floyd but did mean to assault him and that Chauvin knew that he was doing something dangerous that could kill Floyd.

On Friday, June 25, Judge Petera A. Cahill sentenced Chauvin to 22.5 years in prison.

On July 22, 2020, Derek Chauvin and his wife, Kellie Chauvin, were charged with several different kinds of tax evasion. They had not paid the correct sales tax or income tax for six years. Kellie Chauvin began the divorce process in May 2020, but legally she is still responsible for tax evasion during her marriage.

Beginning on May 26 and 27, there were protests near the place where Floyd died. The protests started out peacefully, but some parts became violent later, with people attacking a police precinct and local businesses. The protests on May 28 included looting and property set on fire. On May 28, hundreds of people marched to the center of Minneapolis holding signs saying "I can't breathe" and "Fuck Donald Trump." The city of Minneapolis instituted an 8:00 p.m. curfew, meaning no one was meant to be on the street after that time.

There were sister protests in Oakland, New York, Chicago, Denver, and other parts of the United States. Over 500 people were arrested at one sister protest in Los Angeles. Parts of the Los Angeles protest were peaceful and parts were violent.
There were also protests outside the United States, in London, Toronto, Berlin and other places. Some of these international protesters said they wanted to support George Floyd but also notice the racist actions by police in their own countries.

On the morning of May 28, white Minneapolis police officers arrested Omar Jimenez, a reporter for CNN, and his crew while they were filming the protests. Jiminez is black. Jiminez told the officers that he and his crew were journalists and offered to move further away, but the officers arrested them anyway. They were released later that day. The governor of Minnesota, Tim Walz, apologized to CNN, and said publicly that Jiminez and his crew had only been doing their jobs and acting within their rights. A white CNN reporter who had been working a block away from Jiminez noted that he had not been bothered by the police, only asked who he was.

Protests continued into Friday, May 29, with protesters approaching the White House in Washington, D.C. and pulling away temporary fences. Some of the protesters threw bricks at the officers, which included United States Secret Service and United States Park Police.

During the protests, people donated large amounts of money to black-led political groups, especially bail funds.

In June, George Floyd's brother, Philonese Floyd, asked the United Nations Human Rights Commission to make a team to study the killing of black people by the American police.

On Thursday May 28, Governor Tim Walz called for change: "It is time to rebuild. Rebuild the city, rebuild our justice system, and rebuild the relationship between law enforcement and those they're charged to protect. George Floyd's death should lead to justice and systemic change, not more death and destruction."

After the arrest of CNN reporter Omar Jiminez, Walz apologized to CNN, saying "I take full responsibility."

Walz also told the National Guard to be ready to come to the twin cities if they were needed and put the city under an 8:00 p.m. curfew. He said he thought the worst looters were probably outsiders who came from the city to hide in the crowds and cause problems.

President Donald Trump said on Twitter that he had asked the FBI do an investigation, adding, "My heart goes out to George's family and friends. Justice will be served!" Trump also called Floyd's death as "Sad and Tragic."

Later, President Donald Trump called the protesters of the killing "thugs" and said "when the looting starts, the shooting starts." Twitter hid the post because it broke their rules about presenting violence as good. On May 30, Trump complimented the Secret Service agents who had kept the protesters away from the White House, saying the Service had "vicious dogs and the most ominous weapons." He also posted on Twitter suggesting that his supporters stage a counter-protest: "Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???" "MAGA" is an acronym for the Trump slogan "Make America Great Again."

Joe Biden was not president in 2020 when Floyd was killed but he was president in 2021 during the trial of Derek Chauvin. In April 2021, he said the guilty verdict was a "giant step forward in the march toward justice in America," but "much too rare." Before he became President, Biden had promised to make a police commission for the whole country during his first 100 days as president, but he had not done so as of April 2021.

Washington D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowswer would write, also on Twitter: "While [Trump] hides behind his fence afraid/alone, I stand w/ people peacefully exercising their First Amendment Right after the murder of #GeorgeFloyd & hundreds of years of institutional racism," she wrote. "There are no vicious dogs & ominous weapons. There is just a scared man."

Former Florida congressman Carlos Cubelo, a Republican, said, "The president seems more out-of-touch and detached from the difficult reality the country is living than ever before."

On June 2, after days of protests, Governor Walz announced the Minnesota Department of Human Rights would investigate the Minneapolis police department to see if the police in general were mistreating people of color. The Minneapolis City Council agreed, saying, "We urge the state to use its full weight to hold the Minneapolis Police Department accountable for any and all abuses of power and harms to our community and stand ready to aid in this process as full partners."
On June 5, Minneapolis announced a new rule saying the police were not allowed to use chokeholds on people. 

The Minnesota state legislature attempted to write a new law that would redesign all police departments, but the Democrats wanted large changes to policing and the Republicans wanted small changes, and they could not agree in time for any new bill to become law.


George Floyd

George Perry Floyd Jr. (October 14, 1973 - May 25, 2020) was an African American man who was murdered by a white police officer, Derek Chauvin, who knelt on Floyd's neck for almost 8 minutes. Many people were angry about his death, which led to many protests in order to stop violence and racism against black people.

Floyd was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina to George Perry Floyd and Larcenia "Cissy" Jones. He had four brothers and sisters.

When he was 2, he and his brothers and sisters moved with their mother to Houston, Texas. They lived in public housing in the Third Ward, which is one of Houston's poorest neighborhoods. He was called Perry, which was his middle name.

He played basketball and American football throughout high school and college.

Floyd went to South Florida Community College for two years on a football scholarship. He then transferred to Texas A&M University–Kingsville in 1995 before dropping out.

Some people called Floyd a "gentle giant." He was tall and weighed .

Floyd returned to Houston in 1995 and became an automotive customizer and played club basketball. He performed as a rapper from 1994 to 1997 using his stage name Big Floyd in the hip hop group Screwed Up Click. He was on several mixtapes released by DJ Screw, the founder.<

Floyd had many jobs. He got into trouble with the law several times. From 1997 to 2005, he went to prison 8 times. Some of the things he went to jail for were drug possession, theft and home invasion.

After he left jail, Floyd tried to turn his life around. He mentored other young men as part of a church group so they would not make do the same bad things he did. He also helped his mother out after she had a stroke.

In 2014, Floyd moved to Minneapolis to find work. There, he was a bouncer, truck driver, and security guard.

In 2020, he lost his job as a security guard because the bar where he worked at shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In April, he got COVID-19 but got better.

Floyd had 5 children and 2 grandchildren. His youngest daughter, Gianna, lives in Houston with his former partner. A GoFundMe campaign to help pay for Floyd's funeral costs and benefit his family made the site's record for the most individual donations.

On May 25, 2020, a 44 year old white police officer named Derek Chauvin killed Floyd in Minneapolis by putting him in a chokehold during an arrest on suspicion of forgery when an employee from Cup Foods informed the Minneapolis Police Department that he had used a fake $20 bill to buy cigarettes and that he was believed to be awfully drunk and not in control of himself. Chauvin kneeled on Floyd's neck, which meant that he could not breathe. Witnesses said that Floyd was reported to plead “I can’t breathe” multiple times to the officers. Floyd could not move because he was handcuffed and lying face down. Two other officers named Thomas Lane and James Alexander Keung were on Floyd's back and legs and another officer named Tou Thao stopped others from helping Floyd.For the last three of those minutes, Floyd did not move and had no pulse but officers did not try to revive him. Chauvin kept his knee on Floyd's neck as paramedics attempted to treat him.According to The New York Times, Chauvin had restrained Floyd for eight minutes and forty six seconds.

The second autopsy report done by the county said that Floyd's death was a homicide caused by cardiac arrest caused by him being restrained. This autopsy was done after people complained about the first one, which did not say homicide was the cause of his death.

His family had an autopsy done by another doctor, which said that Floyd died of asphyxia. However, it was done without samples from his body.

Some people nearby filmed the officers hurting Floyd and then put the videos on the Internet. Because of this, people started to protest. Protests began in Minneapolis the day after Floyd died. More protests would be held in all 50 US states and in 400 cities all around the world.

On June 4, 2020, a memorial service for Floyd took place in Minneapolis with Al Sharpton delivering the eulogy.

Services were planned in North Carolina with a public viewing and private service on June 6 and in Houston on June 8 and 9.

Floyd is buried next to his mother in Pearland, Texas.

A legacy is an impact that someone leaves behind when they die. George Floyd left behind a big legacy because he died due to police violence. In the United States, the police have a history of racism and not treating minority groups right. After Floyd died, there were big efforts to stop racism everywhere in the country, not just against Black people.

Many people were sad and angry about George Floyd's death. They think it is proof that racism is still a big problem in the United States. Some people came out to the streets to protests. Many protests were peaceful. Others were violent.

Some universities created scholarships in George Floyd's name. The CEO of Netflix and his wife made a $120 million donation to several historically black colleges and universities. These schools were created by and for African Americans as they were usually not allowed to attend colleges in the past.

A bill proposed by US Representative Sheila Jackson Lee (a Democrat from Texas), the George Floyd Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, was made to reduce police brutality and establish national policing standards.

The length of time that Chauvin was believed to have had his knee on Floyd's neck, eight minutes forty-six seconds, was used as a "moment of silence" to honor Floyd.

Many artists around the world created murals to honor George Floyd.

George Floyd's death was the cover story for The Economist. It wrote that his legacy was "the rich promise of social change."

Houston rappers have posted tributes to Floyd and called for justice in what they see as an act of police brutality against an African-American man. “R.I.P. Big Floyd He took his life in broad day may God bring his family justice,” original Screwed Up Click member Lil’ Keke wrote on Instagram. His post asked followers to call Minneapolis District Attorney Michael Freeman and demand charges be pressed against the four officers fired after detaining Floyd for an alleged forgery in progress, one of whom pushed his knee against Floyd’s neck, according to a bystander video. “Say His Name #GeorgeFloyd Rest Easy… The Fight For Us Begins Now,” rapper Trae The Truth, another member of Screwed Up Click, wrote alongside a photo of Floyd. “4 Officers Fired Aint Enough!!!” he added on a subsequent post. Minneapolis residents protested Floyd’s death and the lack of charges for the officers on May 26, and were met with more police force.

Pashupati Sharma

Pashupati Sharma is a Nepalese folk singer born on 31 October 1982 in Putalibazar Municipality Ward Number 3 of Syangja District, Nepal. Sharma moved to Kathmandu on 2003 for his further studies, as he was interested in singing he started singing in Saptakoshi Dohori Sanjh (a duet folk singing club) and released his first official song on 2003. Sharma has already sung more than 200 songs during his career. His songs revolves around patriotism, love and satire One of his latest satire song Lutna Sake Lut was recently forced to remove from YouTube.


Taft, California

Taft (formerly Moron, Moro, and Siding Number Two) is a city in the edge of the San Joaquin Valley, in Kern County, California. Taft is located west-southwest of Bakersfield. The population was 8,546 at the 2020 census. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of .

It was named for President William H. Taft in 1909.

Abenomask

Abenomask is a Japanese political word named after Shinzo Abe. It is used in Japan for two meanings:
Abenomask-like actions are taken in other regions including Spain and the United States.

Liesbeth Migchelsen

Liesbeth Migchelsen (11 March 1971 – 27 May 2020) was a Dutch footballer. She represented the Netherlands women's national team 95 times between 1990 and 2008. Micgchelsen played in Germany for FFC Heike Rheine and in The Netherlands for S.V. Fortuna Wormerveer and AZ Alkmaar. She coached Australian W-League team Canberra United FC from 2013 to 2014.

Migchelsen was born in Harderwijk, Netherlands. She died on 27 May 2020 of cancer, aged 49.




Elizabeth Hubbard

Elizabeth Hubbard (December 22, 1933 – April 8, 2023) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Dr. Althea Davis on "The Doctors" (1964-69, 1970-78, 1981-82) and powerful businesswoman Lucinda Walsh on "As the World Turns" (1984-2010). 

She also played roles on "The Edge of Night", "One Life to Live", and "Guiding Light". 

Hubbard died of cancer on April 8, 2023 in Roxbury, Connecticut at the age of 89.

Judith Guest

Judith Guest (born March 29, 1936) is an American novelist and screenwriter. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. She is the great-niece of Poet Laureate Edgar Guest (1881–1959). She is a winner of the Janet Heidinger Kafka Prize.

Guest's first book, "Ordinary People" was published in 1976/ The 1980 movie version, "Ordinary People" won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Guest co-authored the mystery "Killing Time in St. Cloud" (1988) with novelist Rebecca Hill. Guest's most recent book, "The Tarnished Eye" (2004).

Mariclare Costello

Mariclare Costello (born February 3, 1936) is an American actress and educator. She is a lifetime member of The Actors Studio. Her best known roles were as Rosemary Hunter Fordwick on the television series "The Waltons," from 1972 to 1977. 

In 1977, after her role on "The Waltons", she played Maggie Fitzpatrick on the short-lived drama show "The Fitzpatricks."

Costello was born in Peoria, Illinois. From 1977 until his death in 2013, she was married to actor Allan Arbus. She is an acting professor at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles.

Grand Haven, Michigan

Grand Haven is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Ottawa County. As of the 2020 census, Grand Haven had a population of 11,011. It is part of the Grand Rapids Metropolitan Area.

Grand Haven Charter Township, Michigan

Grand Haven Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 18,004 at the 2020 census. The Grand Haven Township is located immediately south of Grand Haven.

The Disappearance of Finbar

The Disappearance of Finbar is a 1996 Irish Swedish mystery drama movie directed by Sue Clayton and starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Colin Farrell, Lorraine Pilkington. It was distributed by Channel 4 Films.

Mool mantar

The Mool Mantar (also spelled Mul Mantar) is the opening verse of the Guru Granth Sahib, the Sikh holy book. The verse is repeated many times throughout the book.

Kate Garraway

Kathryn "Kate" Mary Draper-Garraway (born 4 May 1967) is an English broadcaster and journalist. In the 1990s, Draper-Garraway was a journalist for ITV News Central and later a co-presenter of ITV News Meridian. From 2000 to 2010, she has co-presented GMTV. Currently, Draper-Garraway is the presenter of "Mid Mornings with Kate Garraway" on Smooth Radio and was a standby newsreader and a Friday co-anchor of the ITV Breakfast programme "Good Morning Britain" from 2014 to 2022. She was also a Buckingham Palace Senior News Correspondent from "Good Morning Britain" due to the death of Queen Elizabeth II from 9 September 2022 until 10 September 2022.

The Morning After (1986 movie)

The Morning After is a 1986 American mystery thriller movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Jane Fonda in her Oscar nominated role, Jeff Bridges, Raul Julia, Kathy Bates, Diane Salinger, Kathleen Wilhoite. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Cofresh

Cofresh Snack Foods is a company that makes savoury snacks. It is based in Leicester, United Kingdom. The company earns £28 million a year.

Cofresh was started in 1974 by an Indian family who moved from Kenya to Leicester, and used their fish and chip shop to make snacks, such as Bombay Mix. 

Cofresh's main range of Indian snacks includes versions of poppadum curls, potato grills, spiced nuts, Bombay Mix and Ganthiya.

In 2017, Cofresh released "Eat Real", which is a brand of gluten-free snacks. "Eat Real" snacks are mostly made from hummus or quinoa.

Kama (river)

The Kama (, ; '; Udmurt: Кам) is a river in Russia. It is long and is a large tributary of the Volga river. It is one of the biggest tributaries of the river.

Koto Matsudaira

Matsudaira was born in Tokyo to a shipowner on 5 February 1903. He first went to high school and then studied law at Tokyo Imperial University in his hometown. Although he entered the foreign service in 1926, he did not receive a degree until a year later. His further studies were in Paris, where he got a Doctor of Law. That same year, he also went to Institut d'études politiques de Paris, where he got a diploma.

In 1932, Matsudaira joined the League of Nations in Geneva as a delegate for Japan. Two years later, he was sent to work at the contract department at Japan's foreign office until early 1941. Some months afterward, he worked as a secretary at Japan's embassy in Washington, D.C. until the Attack on Pearl Harbor.

After returning to Japan, Matsudaira was one of the leading people at the foreign office's contract department until he went to Moscow as the first embassy secretary in 1944.

After World War II, Matsudaira was one of the witnesses at the Allied military court in Tokyo before serving as an Ambassador to Canada. He later went to the United Nations as an ambassador from 1957 to 1961. After his time at the UN, he went on to serve in India.

Siilinjärvi carbonatite

The Siilinjärvi carbonatite complex is in Central Finland near to Kuopio. It is named after the village it is next to, Siilinjärvi. It is a carbonatite mine. The complex is about long. The place was discovered in 1950 by the Geological Survey of Finland. They began mining it in 1958. It is the second-largest carbonatite complex in Finland. The Sokli mine is the biggest.

Alta Verapaz Department

Alta Verapaz is a department in the north central part of Guatemala. The capital is Cobán.


Baja Verapaz Department

Baja Verapaz is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Salamá.


Chimaltenango Department

Chimaltenango is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Chimaltenango.


Chiquimula Department

Chiquimula is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Chiquimula.


Bushehr province

Bushehr Province (, "Ostān-e Būshehr" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Bushehr.

Bryan County

Bryan County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Gilles Grondin

Gilles Grondin (3 February 1943 – 18 July 2005) was a Canadian politician. He was the mayor of Shawinigan-Sud, Quebec from 1977 to 1985. He was also a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1986 to 1988. He represented the electoral area of Saint-Maurice. During this time, he was a part of the Liberal Party.

As a politician, he was the mayor of Shawinigan-Sud for two terms. He did not try to get elected for a third time. Instead, he was elected in a by-election in 1986 to replace Jean Chrétien. This was for the federal House of Commons. In the 1988 federal election, he did not run for re-election. He was replaced by Denis Pronovost, who was a part of the Progressive Conservative Party.

Grondin died in 2005. He had cancer for a very long time.

Crew Dragon Demo-2

SpaceX Demo-2 (also referred to as SpaceX Demonstration Mission 2, or Demo-2) was the first crewed test flight of the Crew Dragon spacecraft, from the company SpaceX. It launched on 30 May 2020 at 19:22:45 UTC (3:22:45 PM EDT). It is heading to the International Space Station.

It was originally scheduled for 27 May 2020 at 20:33:33 UTC (4:33:33 PM EDT), but was stopped 16 minutes before take-off due to Tropical Storm Bertha.

Demo-2 is the first crewed orbital spaceflight launched from the United States since the final Space Shuttle mission, STS-135, in 2011, on which Douglas G. Hurley was the pilot.

Hurley was commander on Crew Dragon Demo-2, joined by Robert L. Behnken as joint operations commander.

Crew Dragon Demo-2 is also the first two-person orbital spaceflight launched from the United States since STS-4 in 1982.

SpaceX Dragon 2

SpaceX Dragon 2 is a class of reusable spacecraft created by American aerospace manufacturer SpaceX as the replacement to the Dragon 1 cargo spacecraft. 

The spacecraft launches atop a Falcon 9 Block 5 rocket and returns to Earth via an ocean splashdown. The spacecraft can dock itself to the International Space Station (ISS) instead of being berthed. 

It has two versions; Crew Dragon, a human-rated capsule capable of carrying up to seven astronauts, and Cargo Dragon, an updated replacement for the original Dragon spacecraft.

Crew Dragon is equipped with an integrated launch escape system in a set of four side thruster pods with two SuperDraco engines each. The spacecraft features redesigned solar arrays.

SpaceX plans to replace Dragon 2 with Starship.
"Launch dates are listed in UTC."





8 April 2022 to 25 April 2022: Axiom-1 mission used space capsule "Resilience". The crew was


The mission was Crew-5.








Crew Dragon has eight SuperDraco engines, with each engine able to produce of thrust to be used for launch aborts (or giving up a a launch - after it has already started). Each pod also contains four Draco thrusters that can be used for attitude control and orbital maneuvers (or using engines while already in an orbit). The SuperDraco engine combustion chamber is printed of Inconel, an alloy of nickel and iron, using a process of direct metal laser sintering.

Oleh Hornykiewicz

Oleh Hornykiewicz (17 November 1926 – 26 May 2020) was a Polish-born Austrian Wolf Prize-winning biochemist. Hornykiewicz was born in Sykhiw (a district of Lviv), then in Poland (now Ukraine). 

He was chairman of the Institute of Biochemical Pharmacology at the University of Vienna for twenty years. In 1967, he began a long career with the University of Toronto in Canada and, in 1992, he was named professor emeritus at that institution.

He discovered that Parkinson's disease was due to dopamine deficiency in the brain. He also played a key role in the development of L-dopa as a therapy for the disorder.

Hornykiewicz died on 26 May 2020, aged 93.

Biff Pocoroba

Biff Benedict Pocoroba (July 25, 1953 – May 24, 2020) was a Major League Baseball catcher who also played a few games at third base. He was born in Burbank, California. He played for the Atlanta Braves from 1975 to 1984. In 1978, he made the National League All-Star team. He retired at the age of 30.

In retirement, Pocoroba was known for creating a business where he made his own sausages.

Pocoroba died on May 24, 2020 at the age of 66.

Early County, Georgia

Early County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 10,854 people lived there. The county seat is Blakely.

Fannin County, Georgia

Fannin County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 25,319 people lived there. The county seat is Blue Ridge. The county was created on January 21, 1854.

El Progreso Department

El Progreso is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Guastatoya.

There are eight municipalities:

Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari province

Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province (or Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari Province, , "Ostān-e Chahār-Mahāl-o Bakhtiyārī" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Shahr-e Kord.

Daisies (song)

"Daisies" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It was released on May 15, 2020. Perry wrote the song with Jonathan Bellion, Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Jordan K. Johnson, Stefan Johnson, and Michael Pollack. The song was produced by The Monsters & the Strangerz.

The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 40.

Qizha

Qizha (, like Kiz-ha) is a Syrian and Palestinian semolina cake. It is made from semolina flour flavored with crushed Nigella seeds.


Rachael Finch

Rachael Finch (born July 8, 1988) is an Australian television host, model and beauty pageant titleholder. She finished 4th in Miss Universe 2009 pageant.

She has Ukrainian ancestors on the mother's side of the family.

She is [so-called] half-Ukrainian through her mother.

Rachael married her former "Dancing with the Stars" partner Michael Miziner on 3 January 2013. Finch gave birth to her daughter, Violet Rachael Miziner, in September 2013. She gave birth to her second child, Dominic Michael Miziner in March 2017.

Rachael is active on Instagram, where she has over 290,000 followers. It was there that she posted her controversial lunchbox post. 

In late February 2020, Rachael faced severe backlash after she posted the image of the lunchbox of her schoolgoing daughter, Violet. Critics stated that she did not feed Violet enough, but Rachael proved them wrong, stating, “My number one priority is to ensure that my kids are happy and healthy - so I give them real food, I give them whole pieces of fruit, and I give them vegetables in their lunch box. So Violet will go to school with sushi and a Greek salad, for example...If a mother wants to feed her child cherry tomatoes over cheezels "(sic)" then she can. It’s not deprivation or a screwed up childhood... it’s because she cares, and perhaps she has learnt from experience.”

Rachael works for the Seven Network as a reporter for several of its programs across current affairs and sports telecasts as well as making contestant appearances on Seven Network's in-house celebrity competition programs. She was one of the contestants in Celebrity MasterChef Australia in 2009. She progressed to the semi-finals, where she and "Biggest Loser" trainer Michelle Bridges made it through to the next stage. Rachael reached the grand-finals in which she came third overall. She also appeared in the 2010 series of "Dancing with the Stars". She was eliminated on 1 August 2010.
In late 2010, Rachael Finch joined the cast of the tenth season of "Dancing with the Stars". Finch's partner is Michael Miziner, the partner to the original winner of "Dancing with the Stars", Bec Cartwright. Despite receiving some harsh comments from judge Todd McKenney over lack of content with their choreography, Finch and Miziner had been named the "dark horse" couple by the judges. Most unfortunately, and despite maintaining high scores, Finch and Miziner were the fifth couple eliminated on 1 August 2010.
Rachael now does a daily weather report on Channel 7's morning show, "Sunrise".
"Main Article: Miss Universe 2009" 

On April 22, 2009, Rachael, then scarcely 19, was named the Australian nominee for Miss Universe 2009. In the general competition, she performed well, finishing an admirable fourth. She was roommates with Miss USA Kristen Dalton, who herself finished in the top ten. 
In 2006, Rachael (then just eighteen) won the ¨People´s Choice Awards¨ for 2006 Miss Teen Australia. 

Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC

Al Mokawloon Al Arab Sporting Club is an Egyptian football club. Liverpool star Mohamed Salah started his career there.


The Carey Treatment

The Carey Treatment is a 1972 mystery movie directed by Blake Edwards and based on the 1968 novel "A Case of Need" by Michael Crichton. It stars James Coburn, Jennifer O'Neill, Pat Hingle, Elizabeth Allen, John Fink, James Hong, Jennifer Edwards and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Prodigal

The Prodigal is a 1955 American drama movie directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Lana Turner, Edmund Purdom, Louis Calhern, Audrey Dalton, Neville Brand, Walter Hampden, Cecil Kellaway, Joseph Wiseman. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Dark Command

Dark Command is a 1940 American western movie directed by Raoul Walsh and based on the novel by W. R. Burnett. It stars John Wayne, Claire Trevor, Walter Pidgeon, Roy Rogers, George "Gabby" Hayes, Porter Hall, Marjorie Main and was distributed by Republic Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1941.

The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Original Score and Best Art Direction by John Victor Mackay.


"Dark Command" was first shown in Lawrence, Kansas.

Many people liked the movie. Republic wanted continue to give more money for John Wayne films because people liked this movie.


Kevin Lloyd

Kevin Reardon Lloyd was born 28 March, 1949 in Derby and died 2 May, 1998 in Burton-on-Trent. He was a British actor best known for playing DC Alfred "Tosh" Lines in ITV "The Bill", Harry Blackburn in "Auf Wiedersen, Pet" and Don Watkins in "Coronation Street". He has also appeared in "Britannia Hospital", "Link", "Don't Open till Christmas", "Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire", "A Dirty Knight's Work". He was the older brother of ITN journalist Terry Lloyd.


James Langevin

James R. Langevin (born April 22, 1964) is an American politician from Rhode Island. He had represented Rhode Island's 2nd congressional district from 2001 to 2023. He is a part of the Democratic Party. He was also the Secretary of State of Rhode Island between 1995 and 2001. 

Langevin is the first quadriplegic to be a part of the United States Congress. He was paralyzed after an accidental shooting.

In January 2022, Langevin announced he would not run for re-election in that year's election.

MATLAB

MATLAB (matrix laboratory) is a programming language made by Cleve Moler from MathWorks. It was originally made for numerical analysis (especially numerical linear algebra). But today, it is used in many areas such as:

For a complete list of changes of both MATLAB and official toolboxes, check the MATLAB release notes.


Mirza Mahdi Elahi Qomshehei

Mirza Mahdi Elahi Qomshehei (Persian: میرزا مهدی الهی قمشه‌ای ; January 1, 1901 – May 15, 1973), was an Iranian poet, translator of the Quran, and one of the grand Masters of the philosophical school of Tehran. He taught in Sepahsalar School, University of Tehran for 35 years.

He was under supervision of Grand masters from different cities such as Esfahan, Najaf, Mashhad and Tehran.

He had various teachers, such as Molla Muhammad Mahdi Farzaneh Qomshehei, Hasan Amin Jafari. Sheikh Muhammad Hakim Khorasani, Sayyed Hassan Modarres, Aqa Bozorge Hakim, The Grand Ayatollah Haji Aqa Hossein Qommi, Sheikh Asadollah Yazdi, Fazil, Fazin Barsi, Hajj Mirza Hasan Faqih Sabzevari Khorasani, Mirza Mahdi Esfahani, Mirza Tahir Tonekaboni.

His Persian translation of the Quran is one of the most used, the most authentic and proper Persian translation of the Quran until the current 21st century. The translation was also honoured by the Grand Ayatollah Bojnourdi.

His pupils includes Allameh Hasanzadeh, Allameh Abdollah Javadi-Amoli, Ayatollah Hajj Sayyed Muhammad Hasan Langroudi, Ayatollah Sayyed Razi Shirazi, Kazim Midir Shahnehchi, D.R Sayyed Muhammad Baqir Hojjati, Muhammad Baqir Muhaqiq, Sheikh Abdul Rahim Malakian.

He wrote numerous books and notes in diverse religious sciences. Including: 


Allen West (politician)

Allen Bernard West (born February 7, 1961) is an American political commentator and politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party, West represented in the House from 2011 to 2013.

In July 2019, West announced he would be running for the chairmanship of the Republican Party of Texas in 2020. He won the election, however, resigned at Texas GOP Chair in 2021.

On May 23, 2020, West was in a motorcycle crash just outside Waco, Texas.

West unsuccessfully ran for the Republican nomination for Governor of Texas, challenging incumbent Governor Greg Abbott.

In October 2021, West was diagnosed with COVID-19 and pneumonia. While hospitalized, he continued to criticize COVID-19 vaccinations and mask mandates.

Jaime Harrison

Jaime R. Harrison (born February 5, 1976) is an American politician. He was the chair of the South Carolina Democratic Party from 2013 to 2017. He became the Democratic National Committee in January 2021.

Harrison is running for the U.S. Senate from South Carolina in the 2020 election against Republican Lindsey Graham.

Flovilla, Georgia

Flovilla is a city in Butts County, Georgia, United States. The population was 643 at the 2020 census.

Grand Rapids Charter Township, Michigan

Grand Rapids Charter Township is a charter township of Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 18,905 at the 2020 census.

Bucky Baxter

William "Bucky" Baxter (1955May 25, 2020) was an American rock country guitarist. He was known for having played in Bob Dylan's Never Ending Tour during the 1990s. He released his only solo album, "Most Likely, No Problem", in 1999. He was born in Melbourne, Florida. Baxter was a founding member of The Dukes, Earle's backing band.

Baxter also appeared on various albums by artists such as Ryan Adams, R.E.M., and Joe Henry. In studio, Baxter played steel guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, mandolin, dobro.

Baxter died on May 25, 2020, in Sanibel Island, Florida, at the age of 65.

Library of Birmingham

The Library of Birmingham is a public library in Central Birmingham, England. It is in Centenary Square next to the Birmingham Repertory Theatre and Baskerville House. It opened on the 3 September 2013 and cost £8.5 million to build. It has been called the largest public library in the United Kingdom.

Centenary Square

Centenary Square is a public square on Broad Street in Central Birmingham, England. Baskerville House, the Library of Birmingham, the Birmingham Repertory Theatre, and the International Convention Centre are on the outside of the square. The Hall of Memory is on the east side of the square. The Library tram stop of the West Midlands Metro is next to the square.

Pepper Rodgers

Franklin Cullen "Pepper" Rodgers (October 8, 1931 – May 14, 2020) was an American football player and coach. Rodgers was a quarterback and placekicker for Georgia Tech. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

As a college football player, he led the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets to an undefeated season in 1952 and later became their head coach. He also coached for the Kansas Jayhawks and UCLA Bruins. He worked for the United States Football League (USFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL).

Rodgers died on May 14, 2020 in Reston, Virginia from problems caused by a fall, aged 88.

Reston, Virginia

Reston is a census-designated place in Fairfax County, Virginia. In 2018, Reston was ranked as the Best Place to Live in Virginia.

The U.S. Census Bureau said Reston's population to be 60,070.

Link (movie)

Link is a 1986 British horror movie directed by Richard Franklin and starring Elisabeth Shue, Terence Stamp, Kevin Lloyd, David O'Hara, Linus Roache. It was distributed by Cannon Films.


Valeriy Davydenko

Valeriy Davydenko (, 16 March 1973 – 23 May 2020) was a Ukrainian businessman and politician. He was born in Nosivka, Chernihiv Oblast. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 2014 to 2020. He was a member of the Spade and Our Land political parties.

Davydenko was found shot dead in the bathroom of his office on 23 May 2020 in Kiev, aged 47.

Zdena Tominová

Zdena Tominová (7 February 1941 – 24 May 2020) was a Czech novelist and a dissident in the communist era of Czechoslovakia. He was born in Prague. She was a spokesperson for Charter 77. Tominová published two novels in the 1980s, "Stalin's Shoe" and "The Coast of Bohemia".

Tominová died on 24 May 2020 in Prague, aged 79.

Jimmy Kirunda

Jimmy Kirunda (1950 – 25 May 2020) was a Ugandan international football player and international football manager for the Uganda national football team. He participated in five Africa Cup of Nations. He was manager of the national team between 1989 and 1996.

Kirunda died of a heart attack on 25 May 2020 in Kampala, Uganda at the age of 70.

Jörg Ohm

Jörg Ohm (14 March 1944 – 21 May 2020) was an East German football player and manager. He played in the DDR-Oberliga for both Chemie Leipzig and 1. FC Magdeburg. As a defender he won the championship four times between 1964 and 1975.

Ohm began to play football in the youth department of BSG Lokomotive Haldensleben, north of Magdeburg. In 1962 he joined the focus club of BSG Lokomotive, SC Lokomotive Leipzig, after playing four matches for the youth national team in the spring.

Ohm died on 21 May 2020, aged 76.

Renate Krößner

Renate Krößner, also Renate Krössner (17 May 1945 – 25 May 2020) was a German actress. She was known for her main role in the 1980 movie "Solo Sunny". From 1985, she worked in West Berlin and was known for roles in TV series such as "Tatort" and "Einmal Bulle, immer Bulle". She was born in Osterode am Harz, Lower Saxony.

Krößner died on 25 May 2020 in Mahlow, Brandenburg at the age of 75.

Golestan province

Golestan Province (, "Ostān-e Golestān") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Gorgan. It is to the south of the Caspian Sea.

Hamadan province

Hamadan Province () is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Hamadan.

Alborz province

Alborz Province (, "Ostān-e Alborz" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Karaj.

Alborz Province was created by division of Tehran Province into two provinces, after the Parliamentary approval on 23 June 2010, and was introduced as the 31st province of Iran.

Grayeagle

Grayeagle is a 1977 American western movie directed by Charles B. Pierce (who also stars) and stars Ben Johnson, Paul Fix, Iron Eyes Cody, Lana Wood, Jack Elam. It was distributed by American International Pictures.

Samson and Delilah

Samson and Delilah is a 1922 Austrian historical adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda and stars María Corda, Franz Herterich, Ernst Arndt, Alfredo Boccolini, Paul Lukas. It was distributed by Rosenhügel Film Studios.


To Joy (movie)

To Joy () is a 1950 Swedish drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and stars Maj-Britt Nilsson, Stig Olin, Birger Malmsten, John Ekman, Victor Sjöström.

Kansas City Bomber

Kansas City Bomber is a 1972 American sports drama movie directed by Jerrold Freedman and based on the story by Barry Sandler. It stars Raquel Welch, Kevin McCarthy, Norman Alden, Jodie Foster, Shelly Novack, Helena Kallianiotes, Russ Marin and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The Squall

The Squall is a 1929 American romantic drama movie directed by Alexander Korda and based on the 1926 play of the same name by Jean Bart. It stars Richard Tucker, Alice Joy, Loretta Young, Carroll Nye, Harry Cording, Myrna Loy and was distributed by First National Pictures.

Hanging Up

Hanging Up is a 2000 American German comedy drama movie directed by Diane Keaton (who also stars) and based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Delia Ephron. It stars Lisa Kudrow, Meg Ryan, Walter Matthau, Adam Arkin, Cloris Leachman, Myndy Crist, Charles Matthau and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Through a Glass Darkly (movie)

Through a Glass Darkly () is a 1961 Swedish drama movie written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. It stars Harriet Andersson, Gunnar Björnstrand, Max von Sydow and Lars Passgård.


Hormozgan province

Hormozgan Province (, "Ostān-e Hormozgān") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Bandar Abbas.

The Legend of Bagger Vance

The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American sports drama movie based on Steven Pressfield's 1995 novel and directed by Robert Redford. It stars Will Smith, Matt Damon, Charlize Theron, Bruce McGill and Jack Lemmon in his final film role.


Escuintla Department

Escuintla is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Escuintla.


Guatemala Department

Guatemala is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Guatemala City, which is also the national capital.


Huehuetenango Department

Huehuetenango is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Huehuetenango. It is on the border with Mexico.


San Marcos Department

San Marcos is a department in northwestern Guatemala. The capital is the city of San Marcos. It is on the Pacific Ocean and along the western Guatemala-Mexico border.


Jalapa Department

Jalapa is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Jalapa.


Kunan Kiribati

Kunan Kiribati (also known as Teirake Kaini Kiribati (), meaning "Stand up, Kiribati"), is the national anthem of Kiribati. It was adopted in 1979 upon independence from the United Kingdom. Tamuera Ioteba Uriam wrote the lyrics (words) and composed the music of this song.

God Bless Fiji

"Meda Dau Doka" (), also known as "God Bless Fiji" in English, is the national anthem of Fiji. It was adopted in 1970 when the country got its independence from the United Kingdom.

Earlier, in 1911, American gospel writer Charles Austin Miles composed the music for the Christian hymn "Dwelling in Beulah Land" – the same melody that is being used for this song today.

The lyrics (words) were written by Michael Francis Alexander Prescott. The Fijian version and the English version are not translations of each other, and the English version is used much more commonly.

In 2008, it was suggested that this anthem should be sung in Fijian, English and Fiji Hindi – the country's official languages – all in one piece.

Mizrahi music

Mizrahi music () is a music genre in Israel that combines elements from Europe, North Africa and the Arab world, and is mainly performed by Israelis of Mizrahi descent. 

Over time fusions of Mizrahi music with other genres emerged, including oriental rock, hip hop, and pop.

Ofer Levi

Ofer Levi (; born June 17, 1964) is an Israeli singer, composer and musician. He was one of the pioneers of the Mizrahi music in the Turkish and Arabic genres.

Forest of Dean

The Forest of Dean is an area in Gloucestershire. It is in the west of the county between the River Wye, Herefordshire, the River Severn and the city of Gloucester.

Andrew Baum

Professor Andrew Baum is a British academic. He is Professor of Practice at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford. His research focuses mainly on property finance, development and technology, property funds and international real estate investment.

In 2019, he was given the UK PropTech Association Special Achievement Award.

From 1975 to 1985, Baum was a lecturer at the University of Reading. From 1985 to 1987, he served as the Reader at the Centre for Property Valuation and Management at the City University, London. He was appointed to the Chair in Land Management at the Henley Business School, University of Reading from 1989 to 2013. He was appointed Emeritus Professor at the University of Reading in 2013.

From 2009 to 2014, he was Honorary Professor of Real Estate Investment at the University of Cambridge. In 2013, he was appointed as the Visiting Professor of Management Practice at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford in 2013. In June 2018, Baum was appointed as Professor of Practice at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford.









Royal Pavilion

The Royal Pavilion is a former Royal residence in the city of Brighton. Originally it was a farmhouse. It was bought by the Prince Regent who had the original building turned into a Palace. It is now a Grad I Listed building.

Ohio's 2nd congressional district

Ohio's 2nd congressional district is a district in southwest Ohio. It is currently represented by Republican Brad Wenstrup in the House of Representatives. Former representatives include Rutherford B. Hayes, who was President of the United States from 1877–1881.

Heike Beier

Heike Beier (born 3 December 1983 Berlin) is a German volleyball player .
Heike Beier started her career in Dresdner SC junior league. In 1994, she moved to VC Olympia Pirna, where she played for many years. She won several German junior championship titles. During the 2000/01 season she was active at the VC Olympia Berlin.

Beginning in 2001, she played for the women's team of the Dresdner SC and won the DVV Cup. In 2007, she won the German championship.

In 2006-07, she made her debut in the senior team under the new national coach Giovanni Guidetti.
In summer 2007 she won the European Grand Prix qualification with the women's national team and finished sixth at the European Championships in Belgium and Luxembourg.

In 2008 she moved to Rebecchi Lupa Piacenza in the Italian A2 league.
In 2010 she joined the Russian club Leningradka St. Petersburg.
In January 2011, she returned to Rebecchi Lupa Piacenza.
In the 2011/12 season she played for the Italian second division club Giaveno, with whom she rose to the A1 league.
In 2012/13 she played for league competitor Pomì Casalmaggiore.
In 2013, she took first place in the European League with the national team.
In 2014, she moved to the Polish league to Aluprof Bielsko-Białaand.
From 2015 to 2017, she played for Budowlani Łódź .
Beier retired in 2017.

Mount Meron

Mount Meron (, "Har Meron"; , "Jabal al-Jarmaq") is a mountain in the Upper Galilee region in the Galilee District of Israel. It is important in Jewish religious tradition and parts of it have been declared a nature reserve. At above sea level, Mount Meron is the highest peak in Israel within its internationally recognized borders, though many peaks in the Golan Heights and Mount Hermon, which was annexed by Israel in 1981, are higher. Mount Meron has the second highest precipitation in Israel after Mount Hermon.

Cholet

Cholet is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department. This is in the western part of France.

Elbert County, Georgia

Elbert County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 19,637 people lived there. The county seat is Elberton.

Elberton, Georgia

Elberton is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Elbert County.

Jutiapa Department

Jutiapa Department is a department in Guatemala that borders along El Salvador and the Pacific Ocean. The capital is the city of Jutiapa. As of 2018, 488,395 people lived there.


Katie Blair

Katherine Amanda Blair (born December 29, 1987) is an American model, actress, and beauty queen. She won Miss Teen USA 2006. In 2011, she became Miss California USA. Katherine was also the first person from Montana to win a national pageant.

Katherine Blair was born on December 29, 1987, in Billings, Montana. She lived in Sugar Land, Texas for most of her life. She attended school from grades 9 to 11 at Stephen F. Austin High School. She graduated from Billings West High School in 2006. She planned to attend Louisiana State University, but did not go to college until after her reign as Miss Teen USA.

She represented Montana in the Miss Teen USA 2006 pageant held in Palm Springs, California on August 15, 2006. Blair is the first person from Montana to place in the pageant. She was crowned as the new Miss Teen USA by Allie LaForce of Ohio. Melissa Lingafelt of North Carolina was the first runner-up. Before Blair's win in the nationally televised pageant, Montana had been the only state in the competition's 23-year history to never have had a semi-finalist.

Blair's Miss Teen USA winnings included a one-year modeling contract with Trump Model Management and a scholarship to The School for Film and Television in New York City, and also a a guest appearance in the NBC soap opera "Passions".

On August 24, 2007, she passed on the Miss Teen USA title to Hilary Cruz of Colorado.
Katie spent her year as a titleholder in New York City. She lived in a Trump Place apartment with Miss Universe and Miss USA 2006, Tara Conner. During her her time as Miss Teen USA, she made several appearances to raise money for charity.

After her win, she gave interviews with media organizations, including WPIX New York and "Dayside" on Fox News. In September 2006, she returned to Billings, Montana for her official homecoming as Miss Teen USA. The city council announced the day as "Katie Blair Day" and gave her a key to the city. She crowned Chelsea Nelson, also of Billings, as the next Miss Montana Teen USA 2007.

Blair earned some distinction as the first Miss Universe Organization pageant winner to endorse YMI Jeanswear. Among other things, Katie was interviewed by Patty Lopez and Rick Dees, and participated in a billboard advertising campaign in Los Angeles and New York.

Later in her reign, however, scandal erupted when she kissed Tara Conner at a nightclub in New York. A few days later, it was discovered Katie had been drinking underage (she was not yet 21). Katie initially denied the scandal, but later admitted to the charges, a move that probably took much courage and bravery, and resulted in her nearly losing her title.

Katie was initially hesitant about entering in another pageant, because of the scandal during her time as Miss Teen USA. As she explained during a phone interview in Los Angeles, "I swore up and down I wasn't going to do a pageant again. But I wanted the opportunity to recover from my term as Miss Teen USA." Ultimately, Katie decided to enter the pageant.

Blair was originally the first runner-up at Miss California USA 2011. The winner was Alyssa Campanella, who also was Miss New Jersey Teen USA 2007. On June 25, 2011, about a week after Campanella won Miss USA 2011, Miss California USA director Keith Lewis announced Blair as the new Miss California USA 2011, effectively giving her the title.

She worked during her reign with the Make-A-Wish Foundation, along with the anti-bullying organization Love is Louder and the No H8 campaign (a silent protest in support of same-sex marriage, which was banned).

Katie has performed in one short movie, "Jukebox", where she played Edith.

She has performed four times in TV shows, including "Hell´s Kitchen" (in 2012), and "Pageant Place," from 2007-2008. However, Katie did not enjoy her experiences in "Pageant Place," which although billed as a reality TV show, actually scripted some of the dialogue. Katie explained, "It put me in quite an unpleasant light", adding "I came off as immature, disrespectful, naive, young and ignorant." Katie has also performed in "The Miss USA Teen Pageant."

Henry County, Georgia

Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 240,712 people lived there. The county seat is McDonough.

Stroud (disambiguation)

Stroud is a town and civil parish in the county of Gloucestershire, England.

Stroud or Strouds may also refer to:






BT Tower (Birmingham)

The BT Tower is a telecommunications tower in Central Birmingham, England. It is tall, making it the tallest structure in the city. It used to be called the GPO Tower. It was built between 1963 and 1965.

Quiché Department

Quiché is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Santa Cruz del Quiché.


Katzelmacher

Katzelmacher is a 1969 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder (who also stars) and starring Hanna Schygulla, Harry Baer, Irm Hermann.

10 Holloway Circus

10 Holloway Circus (also called Holloway Circus Tower or Beetham Tower) is a skyscraper in Central Birmingham, England. It is tall, making it the tallest building and second-tallest structure in the city. It is also the 42nd tallest building in the United Kingdom.

Cinderford

Cinderford is a small town on the eastern edge of the Forest of Dean, England.

Absolute Beginners

Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British musical movie directed by Julien Temple and based on the novel of the same name by Colin MacInnes. It stars Eddie O'Connell, David Bowie, Patsy Kensit, James Fox, Paul Rhys, Edward Tudor-Pole, Ray Davies, Sade, Steven Berkoff, Peter-Hugo Daly, Sylvia Sims and was distributed by Palace Pictures.


Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower

The Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower (usually called Old Joe) is a clock tower in the campus of the University of Birmingham, England. It is the tallest freestanding clock tower in the world. It is either , , or tall.

Jeeves

Jeeves is a well-known children´s book series written by British author PG Wodehouse. They star Jeeves, the genius butler of Bertie Wooster, a rich, spoiled man in his twenties. The last Jeeves book, "Aunts Aren´t Gentlemen," was written in 1974. The first Jeeves book, "Extricating Young Gussie," was a short story written in 1915.

Reginald Jeeves is the butler of Bertie Wooster. He is extremely intelligent and strategic, but disagrees with Bertie on this such as clothes and furniture.

Bertie Wooster (official name Bertram Willoughby Wooster) is a carefree, wealthy young man living in London with his valet Jeeves.

Aunt Dahlia is Bertie´s ¨good aunt¨, and is quite jovial. She often jokingly insults Bertie. She also uses her chef, Anatole, as a threat for Bertie to help her when she needs it.

Madeline Bassett is (according to Bertie Wooster) a droopy girl, first mentioned in "Right Ho, Jeeves." She was formerly engaged to Bertie but is later enaged to Bertie´s friend, Gussie Fink-Nottle.

Sir Roderick is a forceful personality. He is a nerve specialist (or, as Wooster calls him, the loony doctor) and the father of Honoria Glossop, to whom Bertie was once engaged. Bertie and Sir Roderick are often att odds, but following the events of "Thank You, Jeeves," become good friends.


The Jeeves books were well-received. 
Below is a list of both the Jeeves short stories, as well as images from them. 


Coleford, Gloucestershire

Coleford is a market town in the west of the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire.

Mohammad Reza Rezaei Kouchi

Mohammad Reza Rezaei Kouchi (; born 23 September 1971) is an Iranian politician who represents Jahrom in the Islamic Consultative Assembly since 2008. He is the head of the civil commission of the parliament.

Querelle

Querelle is a 1982 West German–French drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and based on the 1947 novel by Jean Genet. It stars Brad Davis, Franco Nero, Jeanne Moreau, Laurent Malet, Axel Bauer, Roger Fritz and was distributed by Gaumont.

The First Day

The First Day () is a 1971 Austrian drama movie directed by Herbert Holba and starring Ariane Niehoff, Olga Felber, Heinz Herki, Karlheinz Hayek.

Oro, Plata, Mata

Oro, Plata, Mata is a 1982 Filipino World War II drama movie directed by Peque Gallaga and starring Cherie Gil, Sandy Andolong, Liza Lorena, Ronnie Lazaro, Joel Torre, Jaime Fabregas. It was distributed by ABS-CBN Corporation.

Tony Scannell

Tony Scannell (14 August 1945 – 26 May 2020) was an Irish actor. He was best known for playing DS Ted Roach in "The Bill" and appeared in the 1980 movie "Flash Gordon". He was declared bankrupt in 2002. He was a Freemason.

Scannell died on 26 May 2020 aged 74 from unknown causes.

McDonough, Georgia

McDonough is a city in Henry County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area. Its population was 29,051 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Henry County.

Barbara (singer)

Monique Andrée Serf (9 June 1930 – 24 November 1997) was a French pop singer-songwriter and actress. She took her stage name, Barbara, from her grandmother. Her song "L'Aigle noir" sold 1 million copies in twelve hours.

In 1971, she co-starred with Jacques Brel in "Franz".

Barbara, who smoked many times, died of respiratory failure.


First Name: Carmen

First Name: Carmen is a 1983 French Swiss crime movie directed by Jean-Luc Godard and loosely based on the Bizet's opera "Carmen". It stars Maruschka Detmers, Jacques Bonnaffé, Myriem Roussel, Hippolyte Girardot.

M. P. Veerendra Kumar

M. P. Veerendra Kumar (22 July 1936 – 28 May 2020) was an Indian politician, writer and journalist. He was a Member of Parliament for Lok Sabha from 1996 to 1998 and again from 2004 to 2009. He was also a member of Rajya Sabha from 2016 to 2017 and again from 2019 to 2020. He was a member of the Loktantrik Janata Dal political party.

He was also the chairman and managing director of the Malayalam daily newspaper "Mathrubhumi". 

Kumer died of cardiac arrest at a hospital in Calicut, India on 28 May 2020, aged 83.

Claude Goasguen

Claude Goasguen (12 March 1945 – 28 May 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly for Paris from 1993 to 1995 and again from 1997 until his death in 2020. He was a member of The Republicans.

For a short time, he was Minister of Reform of the State, Decentralisation and Citizenship in 1995 under Prime Minister Alain Juppé.

Goasguen died on 28 May 2020 in Issy-les-Moulineaux, France from COVID-19, aged 75.

Issy-les-Moulineaux

Issy-les-Moulineaux () is a commune in the southwestern suburban area of Paris, France, lying on the left bank of the river Seine. It is one of Paris' entrances and is located from Notre-Dame Church.

The city welcomes headquarters of major companies such as Coca-Cola France, Microsoft France, France 24, Jet Solidaire, Sodexo.


Guy Bedos

Guy Bedos (15 June 1934 – 28 May 2020) was a French actor and comedian. He was born in Algiers. He was best known for his roles in "Sweet and Sour", "Pardon Mon Affaire, Too!" and "All Together". He was also famous for his left-wing political support and he had supported politicians such as François Mitterrand.

Bedos died on 28 May 2020 in Paris of problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 85.

University of California, Merced

The University of California, Merced (UC Merced) is a public research university in Merced, California. It is the newest campus of the University of California. The university has 8,847 undergraduate students and 686 graduate students.

On May 19, 1988, the Regents of the University of California voted to begin planning to place a campus in the San Joaquin Valley due to an increase in the number of students at the other campuses. On May 19, 1995, the Board of Regents chose Merced as the location for the system's tenth campus. In 2001, the university used an $11 million grant from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation to buy a 7,300 acre plot of land next to Lake Yosemite just north of Merced. This was the largest land purchase by the University of California for one of its campuses.


Al Rex

Albert Floyd Piccirilli (July 13, 1928 – May 25, 2020), also known by his stage name Al Rex, was an American bass player. He was known for playing with Bill Haley & His Comets. He started playing for them in 1949 and became known for "wild antics" on stage. He was born near Plymouth Township, Pennsylvania.

Rex died at his home in Norristown, Pennsylvania on May 25, 2020 at the age of 91.

Plymouth Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania

Plymouth Township is a township with home rule status in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 18,256 at the 2020 census. 

Henri van Zanten

Henri Carel van Zanten (March 18, 1957 – May 22, 2020) was a Dutch artist. He was born in Rotterdam.

Van Zanten started working under the Stanislavski method. His mentor was the Belgian theatre reformer Jan Decorte. Van Zanten was active from 1982 as an artist, actor and director. He was known for his street art and directing many art movies. He called himself an "omni artist". His best known work was "ʼuʼ".

Van Zanten died on May 22, 2020 in Berlin at the age of 63.

Dark Souls II

Dark Souls 2 is an action RPG made by Hidetaka Miyazaki and FromSoftware. It is the sequel to "Dark Souls". And the third sequel, titled "Dark Souls III" released in 2016.

Peter Alexander (artist)

Peter Alexander (February 27, 1939 – May 26, 2020) was an American artist. He was part of the Light and Space artistic movement in southern California in the 1960s. He was best known for his resin sculptures from the 1960s and 1970s. He was born in Los Angeles.

In 1980 he was awarded a fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.

He was a longtime friend of Christopher Isherwood. A portrait of Alexander by Isherwood's former lover Don Bachardy has been seen at the Laguna Art Museum.

In October 2011, Craig Krull Gallery exhibited a survey of Alexander's work, including paintings and sculptures from 1970 to 2009. 

Irm Hermann

Irmgard Hermann (4 October 1942 – 26 May 2020) was a German actress. She was born in Munich. She was known for appearing in movies directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. She had lead roles in "The Merchant of Four Seasons" (1971) and "The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant" (1972). 

Hermann died on 26 May 2020 in Berlin, aged 77. 

Anthony James (actor)

Anthony James (born James Anthony; July 22, 1942 – May 26, 2020) was an American actor. He was known for playing villains in Western movies or television series. He was born in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. 

His movie roles include: "P.J." (1968) and "...tick...tick...tick..." (1970). He played one of the lynch mobsters in "High Plains Drifter" and appeared the horror movie "Burnt Offerings" (1976). He had roles in "Blue Thunder" (1983), " Nightmares" (1983), and "" (1991).

James died on May 26, 2020 of cancer, aged 77.

Federico García Vigil

Federico García Vigil (5 January 1941 – 27 May 2020) was a Uruguayan composer and conductor. He was the conductor of the Montevideo Philharmonic Orchestra from 1994 to 2008. He was born in Montevideo.

García Vigil died on 27 May 2020 in Montevideo, aged 79.

Battle of Huế

The Battle of Huế was a battle of the Vietnam War during the Tet Offensive. It happened between 31 January and 2 March 1968. Since Huế was part of an important route between Danang and the North Vietnam-South Vietnam border, Huế was an important target for communist Vietnamese soldiers to attack. The battle was one of the deadliest in the war. Even today, visitors to the city can see signs that the battle was fought in Huế. Some buildings that were damaged or destroyed were never fixed. Other buildings still have bullet holes left from the battle.

Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone

The Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone was the border between North Vietnam and South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. In 1954, after the Viet Minh defeated France during the First Indochina War, France gave up control of Vietnam, but France also split Vietnam in two halves. The Vietnamese DMZ would be a place where many battles would take place during the Vietnam War. After North Vietnam defeated South Vietnam at the end of the war in 1975, the Vietnamese DMZ was no more and the two countries were united into one Vietnam in 1976.

Viet Minh

The Viet Minh (also known as Vietnamese Independence League, or Việt Nam Độc Lập Đồng Minh Hội) was an Vietnamese organization who fought for Vietnam's independence from France. 

It was founded by Hồ Học Lãm in 1935 or 1936. The Indochinese Communist Party took control in 1941. It fought against Japan during World War II with help from the United States and the Republic of China. 

After World War II ended, the Viet Minh fought against France during the First Indochina War. They won the war and Vietnam was independent, but it was split into two countries, North Vietnam and South Vietnam.

Bún bò Huế

Bún bò Huế is a beef rice noodle dish from the city of Hue in Vietnam. The dish is best known for its balance of salty, spicy, and umami flavor.

The Merchant of Four Seasons

The Merchant of Four Seasons () is a 1971 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Hans Hirschmüller, Irm Hermann, Ingrid Caven, Kurt Raab, Hanna Schygulla, Walter Sedlmayr, Klaus Löwitsch. It was distributed by Tango Film.

Dancing plague of 1518

The dancing plague (or dance epidemic) of 1518 was when a massive case of dancing mania happened in Strasbourg, Alsace (now modern-day France), in the Holy Roman Empire in July 1518. Somewhere between 50 and 400 people took to dancing for days.

The outbreak began in July 1518 when a woman began to dance randomly in a street in Strasbourg. Some sources claim that, for a short time, the plague killed around fifteen people per day; however, the sources of the city of Strasbourg at the time of the events did not mention the number of deaths, or even if there were any deaths.

Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich

Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich is an American television miniseries about convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. The miniseries is based on the 2016 book of the same name by James Patterson, and co-written by John Connolly and Tim Malloy. "Filthy Rich" was released on May 27, 2020.

"Filthy Rich" tells a stories of the survivors of Jeffrey Epstein, and how he used his money and power to do these crimes.

The trailer for the first season was released on May 13, 2020.

HBO Max

HBO Max (rebranding to Max) is a subscription video on demand streaming service from WarnerMedia Entertainment. It is part of AT&T's WarnerMedia. The service was launched on May 27, 2020.

HBO Max is based on WarnerMedia's HBO premium TV service. It includes all of its programming including movies and television shows made by Warner Bros., as well as television channels that it owns such as CNN, Cartoon Network, TBS, and Turner Classic Movies (TCM).

In mid-to-late 2023, HBO Max started rebranding to the name "Max" (stylized as "max"). Many people did not like this change, and Max began losing subscribers.

New Albany, Ohio

New Albany is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio, located northeast of the state capital of Columbus. Most of the city is located in Franklin County. New Albany had a population of 10,933 in 2019. 

Les Wexner

Leslie Herbert Wexner (born September 8, 1937) is an American billionaire businessman. He is the founder and chairman emeritus of L Brands (formerly Limited Brands). He retired in February 2020.

Ghislaine Maxwell

Ghislaine Noelle Marion Maxwell ( ; born 25 December 1961) is a British former socialite and convicted sex offender. She is known as a former associate of Jeffrey Epstein. In December 2021, she was convicted of sex trafficking of a minor and conspiracy and, in June 2022, she was sentenced to 20 years in prison.

Maxwell was born in Maisons-Laffitte, Yvelines, Île-de-France. She is the youngest child of a French mother (Elisabeth Maxwell) and Czech-born British publishing tycoon Robert Maxwell. She grew up in Oxford, England. She has triple citizenship: American, British and French. She was a popular socialite in London in the 1980s. 

She moved to the United States after her father drowned in 1991, where she continued as a socialite.

Maxwell founded the ocean-advocacy group The TerraMar Project in 2012. The organization announced it was closing on 12 July 2019, a week after the sex trafficking charges brought by New York federal prosecutors against Epstein became public.

During the 1990s, Maxwell had a relationship with businessman and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. After the relationship ended, they continued their association as friends. Maxwell faced allegations of sexually trafficking underage girls for Epstein and others, charges she denied.

On 27 December 2019, "Reuters" reported that Maxwell was among those under FBI investigation for helping Epstein. Since Epstein's arrest, Maxwell has been in hiding, communicating with the courts only through her lawyers.

On 12 March 2020, she filed a lawsuit in Superior Court in the U.S. Virgin Islands against Epstein's estate seeking compensation for her legal fees.

On 2 July 2020, Maxwell was arrested by the FBI in Bradford, New Hampshire.

In 2021, she was the defendant in a trial in the lower federal court system; On December 29, she was convicted on five counts related to the sex trafficking of a child and conspiracy.

In July 2022, she appealed the verdict.

She is in jail (as of 2023).

Robert Maxwell

Ian Robert Maxwell (born Ján Ludvík Hyman Binyamin Hoch; 10 June 1923 – 5 November 1991), was a British media proprietor, Member of Parliament (MP), and fraudster. He was known for his publishing companies.

After his death, huge difference in numbers in his companies' finances were revealed, including his fraudulent actions on Mirror Group pension fund.

In 1991, his body was discovered floating in the Atlantic Ocean, having fallen overboard from his yacht. He was buried in Jerusalem.

I Am a Tuvan

"I Am a Tuvan", known in the Tuvan language as Men – Tıva Men ("Мен – Тыва Мен"), is the regional anthem of the Republic of Tuva, a federal subject of Russia located in south Siberia. It was composed by Olonbayar Gantomir with words by Bayantsagaan Oohiy. It was adopted officially by the Great Khural of Tuva on 11 August 2011 replacing the previous anthem "Tooruktuğ Dolgay Tañdım".

As Tuva is part the Russian Federation, Russian is an official language of the republic.

Male reproductive system

The male reproductive system is made up of a number of sex organs. It works in the process of human reproduction. Some organs are outside the body, some are in the pelvis. The main male sex organs are the penis and the testicles, which produce sperm. During sexual intercourse the penis delivers the sperm into a woman's vagina. The sperm can fertilize the egg cell in the woman's womb. The fertilized egg may develop into a fetus, which is often later born as a baby.

The matched system in women is the female reproductive system.

The penis is an organ that is used for urination and sexual intercourse. The urethra is a passage that runs underside of the penis. The urine and the semen are released through the urethra. When the male becomes sexually aroused, the penis becomes hard and bigger and ready for sexual intercourse. This erection occurs because the erectile tissue of the penis is filled with blood.

The scrotum is a pouch-like structure that hangs behind the penis. It holds and protects the testicles. The function of the scrotum is to keep the testicles less warm than the rest of the body.

Testicles are small ball-like organs. An adult testicle size is about 4 to 5 cm long. The testicles produce sperm cells from teenage years to old age. The sperm cells are produced in the seminiferous tubules, which are the main part of the testicles. After the sperms are produced, they are stored temporarily in the epididymis. The epididymis is covering the top of the testicle.

Testicles are also called the gonads and they are very important in sexual works. Leydig cells in the testicles produce testosterone. Testosterone cause puberty in boys and maintain the male characteristics for adult. If the testicles are removed, male characteristics are decreased. These characteristics include the beard, breaking of voice (deep voice) heavy bones (masculinity), and a constricted pelvis.

The seminal vesicles are a pair of tube-like glands or small sac-like gland found behind the bladder. The seminal vesicle produces fluid that aids in keeping sperm alive after they are finally released and stores sperms until they are ejaculated.

The prostate gland is located under the bladder. It produces a thick fluid which aids the protection and transportation of the sperms which are now referred to as the semen.

Most causes of infertility in men are a result of male reproductive system disorders. An abnormal penis may not be able to deliver the semen properly. In hypospadias or epispadias where the opening of the penis is in an abnormal position, male infertility is a possibility.

Varicocele: This is a condition characterized by enlargement, elongation and coiling of the blood vessels around the scrotum. Most times, it appears as bag of warmth in the scrotum. It is seen in 10% of normal males and 40% of males with infertility.

Drugs: Impotence in men has been found as side effects of some drugs like nitrofurantoin, antihypertensive drugs particularly the sympatholytic ones, cimetidine, cancer drugs etc.

Irradiation like X-ray, GSM etc. triggers release of free radicals and can directly halt the process of sperm formation. This is the reason behind covering the scrotum (Testes) during X-ray.

Autoimmune Antibodies: It has been found that some people have antibodies (defense chemicals) against their own sperm cells. By this interaction, the antibodies destroy the sperm cells leading to Azoospermia, oligospermia or normospermia depending on the degree of damage. This condition can be treated if diagnosed.

Liver disease: The liver is a vital organ which ensures that the male hormone (testosterone) dominates in action above female hormone, oestrogen. This it does by breaking down the oestrogen continually. However in a case of liver disease which may impair liver functions, the level of female hormone, oestrogen, increases leading to male characteristics, loss of pubic hair and impotence.

The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant

The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant () is a 1972 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and based on his own play. It stars Margit Carstensen, Irm Hermann, Hanna Schygulla, Eva Mattes, Gisela Fackeldey and was distributed by New Yorker Films. 

Tangerines

Tangerines ( "Mandarinebi", ) is a 2013 Estonian Georgian movie directed by Zaza Urushadze and starring Lembit Ulfsak, Giorgi Nakashidze, Elmo Nüganen, Mikheil Meskhi. It was distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2015.


Here Comes the Dawn

Here Comes the Down is a 1998 Georgian drama movie directed by Zaza Urushadze and starring Zura Begalishvili, Nino Koberidze. It was distributed Qartuli Pilmi.

Noored kotkad

Noored kotkad, also known as Young Eagles, is a 1927 Estonian adventure movie directed by Theodor Luts and starring Ruut Tarmo, Amalie Konsa, Aksella Luts. It was distributed by Taska Film.

Wolfram Mathematica

Wolfram Mathematica (usually called Mathematica) is a modern technical computing system made by Wolfram Research.
Today, Wolfram Mathematica is used for the following purposes: 


This system is made with the Wolfram Language (programming language named after Stephen Wolfram).

Since 1988, Wolfram Research has released the following versions of Wolfram Mathematica:


Pay Me!

Pay Me! is a 1917 American drama movie directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney, Sr., William Clifford, Dorothy Phillips, Claire Du Brey, Evelyn Selbie. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


When Lincoln Paid

When Lincoln Paid is a 1913 American drama movie directed by Francis Ford (who also stars) and starring Jack Conway, Ethel Grandin, Charles Edler. It was distributed by Mutual Film.

Seven Sinners (1925 movie)

Seven Sinners is a 1925 American mystery comedy movie directed by first time director Lewis Milestone and starring Clive Brook, Marie Prevost, Heinie Conklin, Claude Gillingwater. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Pat Kilbane

Patrick F. "Pat" Kilbane (born November 5, 1969) is an American actor, comedian, and screenwriter. He is best known for his three seasons as a cast member on "MADtv" (1997–2000), as well his memorable appearance in the 1996 ""The Bizarro Jerry"" episode of "Seinfeld", in which he played Bizarro Kramer. Kilbane's first book, "The Brain Eater's Bible: Sound Advice for the Newly Reanimated Zombie", was released on March 18, 2011. He was born in Lakewood, Ohio.


Barrow Wake

Barrow Wake is a scenic view in Gloucestershire, near Birdlip, England.

It is a beautiful area. It has been, however, subject to reports of particular anti-social use.

Barrow Wake was as the location for the music video "Wytches" by Pagan Rock Band Inkubus Sukkubus in December 1993.
Inkubus Sukkubus also released an album titled "Barrow Wake - Tales of Witchcraft & Wonder Volume 1", The Album features the title track "Barrow Wake", which is written about Barrow Wake.

Quest For Fire

Quest For Fire () is a 1981 Canadian French adventure movie directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starring Ron Perlman, Everett McGill, Rae Down Chong, Nameer El-Kadi. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and won an Academy Award in 1983.


Kemp's ridley sea turtle

Kemp's ridley sea turtle ("Lepidochelys kempii"), also called the Atlantic ridley sea turtle. is the rarest species of sea turtle and is critically endangered. 

It is one of two living species in the genus "Lepidochelys" (the other one being "L. olivacea", the olive ridley sea turtle).

Oryukdo

Oryukdo is an archipelago that is southeast of the Uam Peninsula in Busan, South Korea. It is one of the symbols of Busan. 

In the order close to the land, there are six islands: Shield Island, Pine tree Island, Suri Island, Awl Island, Oyster Island, and Lighthouse Island. In the past, Shield Island and Pine tree Island, which were connected to Haesik Island, were collectively called Usakdo Island, but in 2011, they were organized under the name of the uninhabited island.

Robert Stanley Weir

Robert Stanley Weir was the Canadian author of the Canadian Anthem, O Canada.

Anan Ameri

Anan Ameri is an American museum director and writer. She won a Palestine Book Award. The Arab Community Center for Economic and Social Services named her 2020 Arab American of the Year. In 2005, "The Detroit News" named her Michiganian of the Year.

She was born in Damascus. She studied at Wayne State University.

She was founding Director of the Palestine Aid Society of America. She was founding director of the Arab American National Museum.


Term limits in the United States

Term limits in the United States refers to the limits imposed on the amount of time an official may serve in a particular position.

The state of Virginia does not allow governors to serve consecutive terms, though the total amount of time as governor has no limit.

In New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wisconsin the governor can serve for an unlimited amount of time with no restriction of any kind.

In Arkansas, California, Delaware, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, and Oklahoma, the governor is limited to two terms in total (consecutive or nonconsecutive).

Governors in the following states cannot serve more than 2 consecutive terms at a time: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, and West Virginia.

In Indiana and Oregon, the governor cannot serve more than 8 out of any 12 years.

In Montana and Wyoming, the governor cannot serve more than 8 out any 16 years.

Sonic the Hedgehog (2006 video game)

"This is about the 2006 game. For the original game, check Sonic the Hedgehog (video game). For the movie, check Sonic the Hedgehog (movie). For the character, check Sonic the Hedgehog (character)."

Sonic the Hedgehog is a 3D platform video game. It was released in 2006 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Since it is similarly name to the original 16-bit game, it is commonly said as Sonic '06.

The game is considered one of the worst Sonic the Hedgehog games of all time. It is notorious for glitches and long loading times.

Charles W. Bryan

Charles Wayland Bryan (1867-1945, D-NE) was a relative of Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan and was the governor of Nebraska. He was also nominated by the Democratic Party to serve as the vice-presidential nominee in 1924.

Quetzaltenango Department

Quetzaltenango is a department in Guatemala. The capital is the city of Quetzaltenango.


Retalhuleu Department

Retalhuleu is a department in Guatemala. The capital is the city of Retalhuleu.


Bob Andras

Robert Knight "Bob" Andras (21 February 1921 – 17 November 1982) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1965 to 1980. He was a part of the Liberal Party during this time. He represented two electoral areas in Ontario. They were Port Arthur and Thunder Bay—Nipigon. Andras was from Lachine, Quebec. He moved to Port Arthur, Ontario to work in a car dealership.

As a politician, Andras was a part of the cabinet of Canada many different times. Most of the time, this was when Pierre Trudeau was the Prime Minister. He was Minister without Portfolio from 1968 to 1971, Minister of State for Urban Affairs from 1971 to 1972, the Minister of Status of Women from 1971 to 1974, Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs in 1972, Minister of Manpower and Immigration from 1972 to 1976, President of the Treasury Board from 1976 to 1978, and Minister of State for Economic Development from 1978 to 1979. For the 1980 federal election, he said he wouldn't try to be elected again.

One of the most important things Andras did was help the "Immigration Act, 1976" become a law. This was when he was the Minister of Manpower and Immigration. The law replaced the "Immigration Act of 1952". The law made sure that there was a minimum amount of immigrants Canada let in, and that immigrants would be let in without discriminating on their ethnicity, gender, or country they came from. Andras also tried to work with Jean Chrétien to help with making public policy of the First Nations people.

Andras died on 17 November 1982 in Vancouver, British Columbia. This is after he fought cancer for a year.

Stephen F. Austin High School (Fort Bend County, Texas)

Stephen F. Austin High School is a high school in Sugar Land, Texas.

Sacatepéquez Department

Sacatepéquez is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Antigua Guatemala.


Santa Rosa Department, Guatemala

Santa Rosa is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Cuilapa.


Emanuel County, Georgia

Emanuel County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 22,768 people lived there. The county seat is Swainsboro.

Aberdeen, Mississippi

Aberdeen is a city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Monroe County.

Ackerman, Mississippi

Ackerman is a town in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Choctaw County.

Ashland, Mississippi

Ashland is a town in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Benton County.

Pirates (1986 movie)

Pirates is a 1986 French-Tunisian adventure comedy movie directed by Roman Polanski and starring Walter Matthau, Charlotte Lewis, Roy Kinnear, Roger Ashton-Griffiths, Damien Thomas, Olu Jacobs, Ferdy Mayne. It was distributed by Cannon Films and was a box office bomb. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.


Heidenlöcher

Heidenlöcher is a 1986 Austrian–West German drama movie directed by Wolfram Paulus. It starring Albert Paulus, Rolf Zacher, Florian Pircher, Helmut Vogel, Matthias Aichhorn.

Elizabeth Fitzgerald Stemke

Elizabeth Fitzgerald Stemke (born July 15, 1980) is an American volleyball player and coach.
She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team. 
She participated at the 2002 Women's Volleyball World Championships and 2003 Pan-American Games.

She graduated from University of Wisconsin. She coached for University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

Hugh Parmer

Hugh Quay Parmer (August 3, 1939 – May 27, 2020) was an American lawyer, businessman and Democratic politician. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1963 to 1965. He was later a member of the Texas Senate from 1983 to 1991. Between 1977 to 1979, he was Mayor of Fort Worth, Texas.

Parmer died in Fort Worth on May 27, 2020 at the age of 80.

George Floyd protests

The George Floyd protests were a series of protests and riots that started in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area, Minnesota, United States. Unrest began in Minneapolis on May 26, 2020, after the murder of George Floyd and continued until early 2022. Floyd died while being arrested by officers of the Minneapolis Police Department on May 25. Protests spread to many cities in the United States, and later the world.

Some of the protesters at the police's Third Precinct building fought with law enforcement officers, who fired tear gas and rubber bullets. Additionally, the Third Precinct's windows were smashed. A supermarket was looted, and other buildings were attacked and set on fire. At least thirteen people were killed because of the protests, but overall, most of the protests were peaceful. According to a September 2020 report by the U.S. Crisis Monitor, almost 95% of all protests were nonviolent.

On May 28, Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey declared a state of emergency, and Governor of Minnesota Tim Walz called in 500 Minnesota National Guard troops. More businesses across the Twin Cities were damaged and looted. 

The police in the Third Precinct building attempted to hold off the protesters with tear gas, but around 11:00 pm, protesters overran the building and set it on fire. It had been evacuated. 

Both Walz and Frey started curfews. Former U.S. President Donald Trump assured Walz of U.S. military support.

The activist group Black Lives Matter was involved in the protests. They do not have one leader or one organization.

There were many attacks on journalists, both in the Twin Cities and at other protests.

The George Floyd protests took place in the spring and early summer of 2020, shortly after the number of deaths from coronavirus disease 2019 in the United States reached 100,000. The COVID-19 pandemic had already affected black and other non-white Americans more than white Americans. Experts said that the protesters might spread the virus to each other.

Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo said on Saturday, May 30: "You have a right to demonstrate. You have the right to protest. God bless America. You don't have a right to infect other people. You don't have a right to act in a way that's going to jeopardize public health. You can have an opinion but there are also facts, and you're wrong not to wear a mask."

Some experts said the COVID-19 pandemic helped cause the George Floyd protests and made them larger. Scholar Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith of the Yale School of Medicine said, "They are protesting against police brutality and excessive force, no question, but they're also protesting for the ability to live their lives fully and completely, and to not have their lives cut short, either by force or preventable diseases."

Experts thought that the George Floyd protests would cause more people to catch COVID-19. In the United States, however, that did not happen. Scientists said this could have been because the number of cases in large cities like New York was already going down, because the protests took place outside, because the protesters mostly wore masks, or because the protesters usually kept moving by walking or marching. Other experts said that because most of the protesters were young, healthy adults, perhaps they did catch COVID-19 and had not noticed.

There were sister protests in all 50 of the United States and in the capital, Washington, D.C. Some of the protests were peaceful and others had violence and looting. The National Guard moved out into more than 25 of the 50 states.

Many early protests were peaceful while some later turned violent. In some places, police remained calm, and in others they used force, tear gas, and rubber bullets. In Washington, D.C. one man let more than 50 protesters come into his house so they could escape from the police who were chasing them. Two weeks into the protests, 9300 people had been arrested in the United States, including 1500 in New York and 2700 in Los Angeles. 

In Newark, New Jersey, 12,000 people protested over the weekend of May 31. No one damaged any stores and no one was arrested. The Newark Community Street Team, formed in 2014, worked to prevent violence. Newark city leaders said that the young black Americans among the protesters were the reason the protest stayed peaceful. Camden, New Jersey and Flint, Michigan also had peaceful protests.

Protesters outside the White House, the building in Washington, D.C. where the president lives, called for Trump to resign. Some threw bottles. The United States Secret Service took Trump to a bunker in the White House. On Monday, June 1, the Secret Service used tear gas on peaceful protesters outside the White House so Trump could walk to St. John's Church and have his picture taken with a Bible.

On the weekend of June 6-7, protests in the United States were even bigger but mostly peaceful, according to "The New York Times", and the protesters were more unified in what they wanted: police reform. There were tens of thousands of protesters in large cities like New York and Seattle and also protests in smaller towns like Marion, Ohio and Vidor, Texas. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced on Sunday morning that New York City was stopping its 8:00 p.m. curfew.

The activist group Black Lives Matter sued the police department of Seattle, Washington on Tuesday June 9. That evening, protesters took over Seattle's city hall for about one hour. The protesters left city hall on their own (no one pushed them out). Protesters took over part of downtown Seattle, calling it the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. At some point in June, there were four shootings in the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone. On July 1, city officials sent the police to clear the protesters out. They arrested 13 people.

The Georgia NAACP planned a March on Georgia for June 15. Thousands of people marched to the Georgia state capitol building to stop police brutality. The marchers also said they were marching because Georgia had made it harder for black people to vote by closing so many voting places that the ones that were left had very long lines, because they think Georgia's citizens' arrest laws are unfair, and because of the killings of Rayshard Brooks, Breonna Taylor and Ahmaud Arbery.

In New York City, a group called Street Riders NYC organized bicycle riders to ride through the city chanting "Whose streets? Our streets!" "Say his name: George Floyd," and other slogans. Bicycle protests could have thousands of people, often riding through parts of the city where protesters do not usually go. One of Street Riders NYC's founders, Peter Kerre, told the "New York Times", "We went deep, deep into the hood, places where these folks have never seen a march come through, and suddenly they're seeing 6,000 bikes. The reaction was just priceless, folks crying out with gratitude, coming out to say 'Thank you.'"

In late June, protesters came to City Hall Park in New York City and built a camp there with a welcome desk, library, tea hut, and kitchens. They were led by the group Vocal-NY. They demanded that the city remove US$1 billion from the city's police department's $6 billion budget and spend it on education and other things. New York City decides on its yearly budget on July 1.

As of June 4, journalists covering the protests were attacked more than 300 times, 192 of them by the police, including 69 physical attacks. 49 journalists were arrested.

On the morning of May 28, white Minneapolis police officers arrested Omar Jimenez, a reporter for CNN, and his crew while they were filming the protests. Jiminez is black. He told the officers that he and his crew were journalists and offered to move further away, but the officers arrested them anyway. They were released later that day. Walz apologized to CNN, and said publicly that Jiminez and his crew had only been doing their jobs and acting within their rights. A white CNN reporter who had been working a block away from Jiminez noted that he had not been bothered by the police, only asked who he was.

In Minneapolis several people were injured. In Washington, D.C., Amelia Brace and Tim Myers of 7News Australia were with the protesters who were pushed away so Donald Trump could walk to St. John's Church.

Sometimes protesters attacked journalists. In Washington D.C., protesters threw things at journalists from Fox News. In Atlanta, someone attacked CNN headquarters.

Suzanne Nossel of the human rights group PEN America blamed President Trump, who has said bad things about journalists since before he was elected. Human rights lawyer Tendai Biti said it reminded him of dictatorships in Africa.

According to a report written by the U.S. Crisis Monitor, Armed Conflict Location and Event Data Project (ACLED), and the Bridging Divides Initiative of Princeton University, almost 95% of the protests were peaceful. They studied 10,600 protests between late May and late August and found that 10,100 had no violence. Only 570 protests had any violent acts. In cities where some protests were violent, it tended to happen in one or a few places and not through the whole city. Out of all protests connected to Black Lives Matter, 93% had no violence.

There were also protests outside the United States, in London, Toronto, Beijing, Berlin, Addis Ababa, and other places. Some of these international protesters said they wanted to support George Floyd but also bring attention to the racist actions by police in their own countries. In Toronto, protesters remembered the death of Regis Korchinski-Paquet, a black woman who fell out of her balcony when the police were in her apartment. Londoners protested outside the Grenfell Tower where many blacks and Arabs died in a fire. Parisians remembered Adama Traoré, who died after being arrested by French police. Australians planned protests remembering David Dungay, an Australian Aboriginal man who died after being arrested. Dungay also said "I can't breathe," twelve times. Some protesters have told their own leaders that they want new laws against racism.

At least one white supremacist group, Identity Evropa, pretended to be on the protesters' side on Twitter. They said they were part of antifa and told protesters to loot white neighborhoods. They were caught, and Twitter took their posts down for breaking their rules about violence, spam, and fake accounts.

As of the first week of July, drivers drove cars into groups of protesters 66 different times in the United States alone. Seven of the drivers were police. At least two people died. 24 drivers have been charged with crimes.

In mid-July in Portland, Oregon, federal agents began arresting protesters by pulling them into vehicles that did not have police markings on them. They did not tell the protesters exactly why they were being arrested. Some protesters were later charged with crimes and others were released.

These agents were from the federal government. Some of them were from Special Operations Group and Customs and Border Protection’s BORTAC. Legally, federal agents are only allowed to arrest people on suspicion of federal crimes. Officially, they are only supposed to protect property that belongs to the U.S. federal government, but they arrested people who were not near federal property. They did not ask the State of Oregon or the City of Portland for permission to arrest people in Portland. The mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, said he did not want the federal agents in the city. Governor of Oregon Kate Brown said it was "political theater from President Trump has nothing to do with public safety" and "a blatant abuse of power by the federal government."

On July 18, Navy Seabee veteran Christopher David heard about the arrests and went to downtown Portland to talk to the agents. Federal agents take an oath to defend the United States Constitution. David wanted to ask the agents how they could wrongly arrest people and defend the Constitution. Instead of answering him, they sprayed him with pepper spray and hit him with batons. They broke his leg. The event was caught on video.

On the night of July 22-23, protesters in Portland came to a federal building and threw fireworks over the fence. Federal agents used tear gas on the crowd. They also tear-gassed Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler, who had come out to talk to the protesters.

In Brooklyn, New York, video showed an officer pushing a seventy-year-old man. The man fell down and bled from his head. The officer, Vincent D'Andraia, had also hurt other protesters. He was suspended and charged with assault. D'Andraia was the first New York City police officer charged with a crime because of things he did during the George Floyd protests.

In Seattle, Washington, 31 year old Nikolas Fernandez drove his car into a group of protesters and shot a man. He said he was afraid for his life because the protesters tried to grab him through his window. Firefighters took the injured man to the hospital.

In Richmond, Virginia on Sunday, June 7, 36 year old Harry H. Rogers drove his car into a group of protesters. Rogers is a member of the Ku Klux Klan, a white supremacist group. Authorities charged Rogers with attempted malicious wounding, felony vandalism, and assault and battery and the prosecutor said she would consider charging him with a hate crime.

In Chicago, Illinois on Monday, August 10, people broke windows and stole things in the Magnificent Mile, which is Chicago's main shopping area. Many people were injured. More than 100 people were arrested. The city raised the bridges leading to the Magnificent Mile and stopped public transit so no one else could go in. Mayor of Chicago Lori Lightfoot said that Chicago did not need Federal agents.

People donated money to black-led political groups, especially bail funds. Bail funds provide money to help people who have been arrested get out of jail before their trials. The National Bail Fund Network got $75 million in two weeks. The Minnesota Freedom Fund got $20 million in four days. The Bail Project got more than $15 million. There was so much that some groups could not count it all. Black Lives Matter got $5 million from one petition alone. Some groups received so much money that they did not need more and told donors to go to other groups.

As of June 9, 2020, nineteen people had died because of the protests:

According to Pew Research, two thirds of American adults thought the protests were good: 60% of white adults, 86% of black adults, 75% of Asian adults and 77% of Hispanic adults.

Some said the Floyd protests showed America was losing its place as a leader of other countries. French journalist Pierre Haski said on June 1, "Beijing could not have hoped for a better gift. The country that designates China as the culprit of all evils is making headlines around the world with the urban riots."

Governor of Minnesota Tim Walz wanted change: "It is time to rebuild. Rebuild the city, rebuild our justice system, and rebuild the relationship between law enforcement and those they're charged to protect. George Floyd's death should lead to justice and systemic change, not more death and destruction."

On June 2, 2020, Governor Walz said the Minnesota Department of Human Rights would investigate the Minneapolis Police Department. Governor Walz said, "The investigation will review MPD's policies, procedures and practices over the last 10 years to determine if the department has utilized systemic discriminatory practices towards people of color."

Human Rights Commissioner Rebecca Lucero said the Department could have the results of its report in "several months."

President Donald Trump spoke about his sympathy for George Floyd and his family, but also called the protesters "thugs" and said "when the looting starts, the shooting starts." Twitter hid the post because it broke their rules about presenting violence as good. Trump blamed the protests on "weak" Democratic mayors and governors and on the anti-fascist movement antifa, saying he would declare it a terrorist organization.

Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, a black Republican, called Trump's tweets "not constructive."

On June 1, Trump told the cities and states with protests that they must stop the trouble or else he would send the military to do it. The law that allows Trump to do this, the Insurrection Act of 1807, was last used in 1992 for the Rodney King riots in Los Angeles.

Also on June 1, just before 7:00 p.m., when people had been ordered to stay off the street, police and Secret Service fired flash-bangs and tear gas at protesters near the White House. They did this to make the protesters leave St. John's Church. Then President Trump walked to St. John's Church, held up a Bible, and had his picture taken. Bishop Mariann E. Budde, the Episcopal religious leader for Washington D.C., said Trump did not say any prayers or talk about George Floyd. The next day, several Democrats and two Republicans said Trump was wrong to do this. Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse, a Republican, said. "But there is a fundamental — a constitutional — right to protest, and I'm against clearing out a peaceful protest for a photo op that treats the word of God as a political prop."

Officials from the Minneapolis announced on June 5 that the police were no longer allowed to use chokeholds on people. On June 7, the city council voted to take apart the police department and replace it with something else.

The Minnesota state legislature tried to write a new law that would redesign all police departments in Minnesota. In 2020, Minnesota's state legislature is the only one in the United States in which one political party controls one house and the other party controls the other. The United States Democratic Party has the majority of people in the Minnesota House of Representatives and the United States Republican Party has the majority of people in the Minnesota State Senate. The Democrats wanted large changes to policing and the criminal justice system in Minnesota, like letting the state attorney general investigate police killings and restoring voting rights to felons. The Republicans wanted small changes, like making a rule against using chokeholds like the one Chauvin used to kill George Floyd. Democrats said they did not like the Republican plan because it was mostly things that police departments had already tried. At midnight on Friday June 19, the Minnesota state legislature ran out of time. Their session ended, and neither plan became law.

Many American cities and states removed statues of Confederate soldiers and officers during the George Floyd protests. Sometimes the protesters pulled the statues down and sometimes the city councils decided to remove them. On June 5, the United States Marine Corps announced they would not allow Confederate flags at their bases. The Confederates were the pro-slavery side of the American Civil War in the 1800s. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Confederate statues and flags support white supremacy. Protesters also damaged or pulled down statues of Christopher Columbus in at least seven cities, including Miami, Boston, Baltimore, Maryland, Richmond, Virginia and Columbus, Ohio. 

Universities renamed buildings. Columbia University's medical school was founded by Samuel Bard, a doctor who knew George Washington. He also owned slaves. In 1931, Columbia named a dormitory building, Bard Hall, after him. Columbia's Teacher's College took the name Edward L. Thorndike off a building. Thorndike had hated Jews and supported sexism and eugenics. Princeton University renamed Wilson College because the man it was named after, President Woodrow Wilson, had racist policies.

In June, the United States Senate ordered the military to change the names of all military bases named after Confederates, such as Fort Bragg. They have three years to pick new names.

In Bristol, England on the 7th of June, a crowd pushed down a statue of slave trader Edward Colston and threw it in the harbor. On July 15, people put up a statue of Jen Ried, a Black Lives Matter protester. The next day, the government of the city took the statue down because no one had asked for permission to put it up. The city officials took the statue to a museum. The statue is called "A Surge of Power (Jen Reid)" and was made by Marc Quinn.

Yogesh (lyricist)

Yogesh Gaur, commonly credited as Yogesh, (March 19, 1943 – May 29, 2020) was an Indian writer and lyricist. He worked in Bollywood and was best known for composing the music scores for "Anand. 

Yogesh died on May 29, 2020 in Mumbai at the age of 77.


Ernest W. Gibson III

Ernest W. Gibson III (September 23, 1927 – May 17, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. Gibson was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1961 to 1963. He was an Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court from 1983 to 1997. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Gibson was born in Brattleboro, Vermont. His father was Governor Ernest W. Gibson Jr.. His grandfather was United States Senator Ernest Willard Gibson. 

Gibson died at his home in Northfield, Vermont on May 17, 2020 at the age of 92.

Northfield, Vermont

Northfield is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States. It has the village of Northfield, where over half of the population lives. The town's total population was 5,918 at the 2020 census.

Northfield (village), Vermont

Northfield was a village in the town of Northfield in Washington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 2,101 at the 2010 census.

In 2014, the village merged with the town.

Ernest W. Gibson Jr.

Ernest William Gibson Jr. (March 6, 1901 – November 4, 1969) was an American politician, lawyer and judge. From 1940 to 1941, he was made United States Senator after the death of his father Ernest Willard Gibson. From 1947 to 1950, he was Governor of Vermont. In 1949, President Harry S. Truman made him Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Vermont.

Gibson died in Brattleboro, Vermont on November 4, 1969 at the age of 68. 

Ernest Willard Gibson

Ernest Willard Gibson (December 29, 1872June 20, 1940) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont between 1923 and 1933. He was a United States Senator from 1933 until his death in 1940. His son, Ernest W. Gibson Jr. replaced him.


Londonderry, Vermont

Londonderry is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States. It is bounded on the north by Landgrove and Weston. The population was 1,919 in the 2020 census.
Londonderry also includes the village of South Londonderry.

Gracia Barrios

Gracia Barrios Rivadeneira (27 June 1927 – 28 May 2020) was a Chilean painter. She was born in Santiago de Chile. She was the winner of the 2011 National Prize for Plastic Arts. Her husband, José Balmes, was also an artist.

After the 1973 Chilean coup d'état, the artist went into exile in France along with her husband and daughter.

Her works "human activity in everyday life". Some of the themes she tackled in her paintings were war, indigence, and exile. In addition to using oil and acrylic paints, she experimented with natural elements such as earth and clay.

Barrios died on 28 May 2020 from lung disease at a hospital in Santiago, aged 92.

José Balmes

José Balmes Parramón (20 January 1927 – 28 August 2016) was a Spanish-born Chilean. He received Chile's National Prize for Plastic Arts in 1999. He was the husband of artist Gracia Barrios. He was born in Montesquiu, Spain. 

Balmes died on 28 August 2016 at a hospital in Santiago de Chile from pneumonia-related problems, aged 89.

Charlie Monttana

Carlos César Sánchez Hernández (November 6, 1961 – May 28, 2020), known professionally as Charlie Monttana, was a Mexican rock urbano musician and singer-songwriter. He was born in Mexico City. 

Sánchez began his career as a singer in Mexico City's rock urbano scene in the 1980s. After that invited by Rodolfo León "León Vago" he joined Vago. In 1987 he was invited by musician Toshiro Midori to be the vocalist of Mara. In 1989 he separated from Mara.

In 1992 Monttana launched his solo career releasing hits such as "Vaquero Rocanrolero" (Rock And Roll Cowboy), "Por Qué El Amor Apesta" ("Why Love Stinks") and "Mi Terrible Soledad" ("My Terrible Loneliness"), among others. He was also a philanthropist.

Monttana died of a heart attack caused by a heatstroke on May 28, 2020 at the age of 58.

Kay Granger

Norvell Kay Granger (; born January 18, 1943) is an American Republican politician. She is a member of the United States House of Representatives since 1997. She was elected as Fort Worth's first female mayor in 1991.


Springtown, Texas

Springtown is a town in Parker County and Wise, Texas, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population of Springtown was 3,064.

Ajit Jogi

Ajit Pramod Kumar Jogi (29 April 1946 29 May 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Janta Congress Chhattisgarh (INC) political party. He was born in present-day Chhattisgarh, India.

Jogi was a member of Parliament of India from 1998 to 1999 and again from 2004 to 2008. He was the first Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh from 2000 to 2003. 

Jogi died of cardiac arrest after choking on food on 29 May 2020 in Raipur, India at the age of 74.

Choking

Choking happens when breathing is made difficult. It happens when the windpipe is blocked. 

In some cases the air flow is completely blocked, in other cases some amount of air can pass to the lungs. Insufficient oxygen being delivered to the body will result in oxygen deprivation. 

Although oxygen stored in the blood and lungs can keep a person alive for several minutes after breathing stops. 


Sudlersville, Maryland

Sudlersville is a town in the far northeastern corner of Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States. The ZIP code is 21668 and the area code is 410. The population was 507 at the 2020 census.

Centreville, Maryland

Centreville is an incorporated town in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States on the Delmarva Peninsula. It is the county seat of Queen Anne's County. The population was 4,727 at the 2020 census.

Bob Kulick

Robert Joel Kulick (January 16, 1950 – May 28, 2020) was an American rock/pop/jazz guitarist and record producer. He was born in New York City. He was best known for his studio work with Kiss and for his works with W.A.S.P.

Kulick died on May 28, 2020 in Las Vegas at the age of 70.


Jerzy Pilch

Jerzy Pilch (; 10 August 1952 – 29 May 2020) was a Polish novelist, columnist, and journalist. He was born in Wisła, Poland. In 1989, he won the Kościelski Award for his debut novel "Wyznania twórcy pokątnej literatury erotycznej" ("Confessions of an author of illicit erotic literature"). Pilch's second novel, "Spis cudzołożnic" ("List of Adulteresses", 1993) was made into a movie in 1995. 

Pilch's most successful book so far is his fourth novel "Pod Mocnym Aniołem" ("The Mighty Angel", 2000), a satirical take on the "drinking novel" genre, which was awarded a Nike Award.

Pilch died on 29 May 2020 in Kielce, Poland of problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 67.

Without a Trace (movie)

Without a Trace is a 1983 American drama movie directed by Stanley R. Jaffe and based on the novel "Still Missing" by Beth Gutcheon. It stars Kate Nelligan, Judd Hirsch, David Dukes, Stockard Channing, Danny Corkill and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Alfred Kolleritsch

Alfred Kolleritsch (16 February 1931 – 29 May 2020) was an Austrian journalist, poet and philosopher. He was born in Eichfeld, Austria. He was the founder of the literary magazine "manuscripts". He was the President of the Forum Stadtpark, a cultural center in Graz. 

Kolleritsch died on 29 May 2020 in Graz, aged 89.

Roosevelt Taylor

Roosevelt "Rosey" Taylor (July 4, 1937May 29, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a safety. He played for the Chicago Bears, San Francisco 49ers, and Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). His career lasted between 1961 and 1972.

Taylor was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He played college football at Grambling State University. Taylor died on May 29, 2020 at the age of 82.

L'Argent (1983 movie)

L'Argent (, meaning "Money") is a 1983 French Swiss drama movie directed by Robert Bresson and is loosely based on the first part of Leo Tolstoy's novella "The Forged Coupon". It stars Christian Patey, Vincent Risterucci, Caroline Lang, Sylvie Van Den Elsen and was distributed by MK2 Diffusion.


At the 1983 Cannes Film Festival, Bresson tied with Andrei Tarkovsky and received the Director's Prize. was also nominated for Best Sound at the César Awards 1984. It also won the 1984 National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director.
for "Nostalghia".

Blame It on Rio

Blame It on Rio is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Stanley Donen and is based on the 1977 remake of the French movie "Un moment d'égarement". It stars Michael Caine, Joseph Bolonga, Michelle Johnson, Demi Moore, Valerie Harper and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Tickling game

Tickling games are interpersonal or social activities involving the tickling of one person by another. Some people find tickling to not only be a pleasurable experience, but also an erotic one. They may be sexually excited by being tickled or by tickling another person, some people like being tickled on their genitals, their waist, their feet, their armpits, their anus, or their breasts while others prefer to tickle and some like doing both an example of a tickle game is asking a guy to adjust your bra so it leaves him open to a tickle attack on the armpits and waist while also making him think about your boobs. Some engage in tickling games as part of a social act.

Consensual tickling can be regarded as a form of physical intimacy as it involves the touching of one person's body by another. It could serve as a bonding experience between friends, or a simple act of familiarity and trust. Between adults, it sometimes functions as an outlet for sexual energy, with erotic games, foreplay and sex being the primary methods of doing such.


The Vindicator (movie)

The Vindicator (also known as Frankenstein '88 and known in Brazil as Roboman) is a 1986 Canadian science fiction thriller movie directed by Jean-Claude Lord and starring Richard Cox, David McIlwraith, Teri Austin, Pam Grier, Maury Chaykin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Beverly Hills Madam

Beverly Hills Madam (also known as Ladies of the Night) is a 1986 American television drama movie directed by Harvey Hart and starring Faye Dunaway, Melody Anderson, Donna Dixon, Terry Farrell, Louis Jourdan, Seymour Cassel. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


The Light at the Edge of the World

The Light at the Edge of the World is a 1971 American Spanish Liechtenstein adventure movie directed by Kevin Billington and stars Yul Brynner, Kirk Douglas, Samantha Eggar, Jean-Claude Drouot, Fernando Rey, Tito García. It was distributed by National General Pictures.

INTLAB

INTLAB (INTerval LABoratory) is an interval arithmetic library using MATLAB. It is available in Windows and Linux, macOS. It was developed by S.M. Rump from Hamburg University of Technology. INTLAB was used to develop other MATLAB-based libraries such as VERSOFT and INTSOLVER. It was also used to solve some problems in the Hundred-dollar, Hundred-digit Challenge problems.


INTLAB can help users to solve the following mathematical/numerical problems with interval arithmetic.

INTLAB is based on the previous studies of the main author, including his works with co-authors.

Lemon Popsicle

Lemon Popsicle (Israeli: Eskimo Limon, ) is a 1978 Israeli West German comedy movie directed by Boaz Davidson and starring Anat Atzmon, Zachi Noy, Jonathan Sagall, Yftach Katzur. Its success led to a series of sequels and a 1982 remake "The Last American Virgin".

Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies

Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies is a 1973 American adventure comedy movie directed by John Erman and starring Cliff Robertson, Pamela Franklin, Bernadette Peters, Rosemary Murphy, Eric Shea. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Minneapolis Police Department

The Minneapolis Police Department (MPD) is the police department in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was formed in 1867, making it the second-oldest police department in Minnesota. The Saint Paul Police Department is the oldest, formed in 1854. The department has four precincts with over 800 officers and 300 other employees. The department did get national attention from the murder of George Floyd.

Patrick van Aanholt

Patrick John Miguel van Aanholt (born 29 August 1990) is a Dutch footballer. He currently plays for Dutch club PSV Eindhoven on loan from Turkish club Galatasaray. He also plays for the Netherlands national football team. He is a left back (defender). He started his career at FC Den Bosch in their academy, a team for their very young players. He has also played for Chelsea, Coventry City, Newcastle United, Leicester City, Wigan Athletic, Vitesse, Sunderland and Crystal Palace.

PSV Eindhoven

Alphablocks

Alphablocks is a British animated television programme for preschoolers that started on CBeebies on 25 January 2010. The programme was created by Joe Elliot and produced by Alphablocks Ltd with Blue Zoo. It was commissioned by the British Broadcasting Corporation. 

The show follows the Alphablocks, characters made of blocks who represent each letter of the alphabet. They live in a fictional planet called Alphaland and go on adventures relating to words.




Run (cricket)

There are many versions of cricket. In general, cricket uses runs for scoring. In most cases, the team with the most runs wins the game. One run 
(known as a "single") can be scored after the bowler, who is in one batsman's ground, has thrown the ball to the batsman in the other ground. That batsman (known as the "striker") can hit the ball away from the fielders. Both the striker and the non-striker then run the length of the pitch, while running to the other ground. They will cross each other. To complete a run, both batsmen must "make their ground", meaning some part of their person or held bat touches the ground behind the crease (line) at the other end of the pitch. If the wicket in either ground is knocked off by a fielder with the ball when no batsman is in that ground, then the ball becomes dead and one of the batsmen (usually the one nearest to that ground) is run out of the game for the rest of the innings.

The batsman is given four runs if the ball rolls along the ground and hits the boundary. They are given six runs if the ball crosses the boundary while in the air and then touches the ground, similar to a home run in baseball.

When it takes longer to recover the ball, the batsmen may run several times and score many runs.

The total score is gotten by adding up all runs.

Extras (also sometimes called "sundries") are runs that are scored when the batsman did not hit the ball. This can happen because of an illegal throw by the bowler, or because the fielders did not stop the ball. 

A runner is a player who runs in order to score runs because one of the batsmen on the field is injured and can not run; that batsman will bat, while the runner is treated as doing the running for the batsman. Both the runner and the injured batsman can be run out; that is, if one of the pair is in a batsman's ground but the other is not, then running out the unsafe player is treated as running out both players. Runners have been banned in international cricket since 2011.

Hatchback

A hatchback is a car body style with a rear door that swings upward to provide access to a cargo area. Indeed, this rear door that opens upwards is a distinguishing feature of all hatchbacks. Most hatchbacks use a two-box design body style, where the cargo area (trunk/boot) and passenger areas are a single unit. The rear seats can often be folded down to increase the available cargo area. The body style has been marketed worldwide on cars ranging in size from superminis to small family cars, as well as executive cars and some sports cars. It is useful for short journeys and for a medium amount of luggage (like in SUVs, minivans, station wagons, and passenger vans).

Sofiene Chaari

Sofiene Chaari (; born July 31, 1962 – August 22, 2011) was a Tunisian actor who is famous for his role of Sbouï in the sitcom "Choufli Hal". On television, he plays in the series Mnamet Aroussia, Chez Azaïez, and Loutil. In 2005, he obtained the role of Sboui in the television series Choufli Hal, a role which made him popular with the Tunisian public. He plays there alongside Mouna Noureddine and Kamel Touati. 

He also hosts a children's program, the Sofiane show, broadcast on national television.





















Surround sound

Surround sound is the name of a number of technologies for sound reproduction. At the start, sound was reproduced using a single channel (called mono), later there were two channels, left and right (called stereo). Surround sound extends this idea, by adding more channels. There are speakers that surround the listener. The speakers are grouped, and each group has its own channel. There are different setups ranging from 2 or 3 speakers/channels in the front, and two in the back, up to a setup with 24 speakers (known as 22.2)

With surround sound, channels are treated differently, to be able to create special sound effects. In classical theatres, surround sound is not used; they may also have different speaker with different channels, but all channels are treated the same.

The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing

The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing is a 1973 American romantic western movie directed by Richard C. Sarafian and based on the novel of the same name by Marilyn Durham. It stars Burt Reynolds, Sarah Miles, Lee J. Cobb, Jack Warden, George Hamilton, Bo Hopkins and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Sololá Department

Sololá is a department in the west of Guatemala. The capital is the city of Sololá.


Suchitepéquez Department

Suchitepéquez is a department in Guatemala. The capital is Mazatenango.


Totonicapán Department

Totonicapán is a department in Guatemala. The capital is also named Totonicapán.


Zacapa Department

Zacapa is a department in Guatemala. The capital is the city of Zacapa.


Argol, Finistère

Argol () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Châteaulin

Châteaulin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. It is a subprefecture of the department.

Arzano, Finistère

Arzano () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Pleuven

Pleuven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Audierne

Audierne () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, Esquibien became a part of the commune of Audierne.

Milizac-Guipronvel

Milizac-Guipronvel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Guipronvel (the seat) and Milizac.

Guipronvel

Guipronvel () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Milizac-Guipronvel.

Milizac

Milizac () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Milizac-Guipronvel.

Esquibien

Esquibien () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the commune of Audierne.

Kesmat Wkhayen

Kesmat Wkhayen () is a Tunisian drama television sitcom, in Tunisian Arabic, directed by Sami Fehri based on a script by Rafika Boujday. It is broadcast on El Hiwar El Tounsi channel during the month of Ramadan 2019 in Tunisia.

After their father died, Toutou is trying to con his half brother Hafnaoui out of his legal rights to heritage.

CJJR-FM

CJJR-FM, also called 93.7 JR Country, is a country music radio station that broadcasts at 93.7 FM. The radio station is in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.


Battle of Khe Sanh

The Battle of Khe Sanh was a battle of the Vietnam War during the Tet Offensive. It was fought from 21 January to 9 July 1968. Khe Sanh was an important target for the communist Vietnamese soldiers to attack because it was a city near the border between North Vietnam anf South Vietnam, and there was a American-South Vietnamese military base nearby. The United States and the South Vietnamese Armies fought off communist soldiers in most of the battle zones for two months, but the Battle of Khe Sanh lasted much longer. It was one of the longest and deadliest battles in the entire war.

Baye, Finistère

Baye () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Floyd County, Georgia

Floyd County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 98,584 people lived there. The county seat is Rome.

Floyd County

Floyd County is the name of six counties in the United States:

Khe Sanh

Khe Sanh is a town nearby the old Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone. It was the site of the Battle of Khe Sanh, one of the longest and dealiest battles of the Vietnam War.

Jennifer Flynn Oldenburg

Jennifer Flynn Oldenburg (born 26 July 1978) is an American volleyball player and coach. She was a member of the United States women's national volleyball team. She played at the 2002 FIVB World Championship.

She graduated from Ohio State University. She coached for University of Illinois and Ohio State University.


Waterparks (band)

Waterparks is an American pop rock band formed in 2011 in Houston, Texas. The members of the group are Awsten Knight (lead vocalist, rhythm guitar), Geoff Wigington (lead guitar, backing vocals) and Otto Wood (drums).

The group have released three EPs; two were released independently while the third was released under Equal Vision. They released their first full-length album, Double Dare, on November 4th, 2016 under Equal Vision, then their second, Entertainment, under the same label on January 26th, 2018. The band officially announced that they had left Equal Vision on May 23rd, 2019, and revealed that they were under Hopeless Records. Their third full-length album, Fandom, was released under Hopeless on October 11th, 2019. The group signed with 300 Entertainment but switched to Fueled By Ramen in 2023 (?).



Miral Abdelkader

Miral Abdelkader (born 16 November 1983) is an Egyptian volleyball player. She was a member of Egypt women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2006 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Japan.

On the club level, she played with Al Ahly Women's Volleyball.

Moncef Lazaâr

Moncef Lazaâr (; born November 31, 1962 – August 22, 2011) was a Tunisian actor screenwriter. He plays in more than fifty plays, but it is especially his roles in television films which make him known to the general public in the 1990s, notably his role in Ghada by Mohamed Hadj Slimane in 1994 alongside the actors Fethi Haddaoui and Dorsaf Mamlouk, and also his role in El Hassad by Abdelkader Jerbi in 1995 with Dalila Meftahi. In 2005, he wrote the script for Chara Al Hobb directed by Hamadi Arafa.



Imperial City of Huế

The Imperial City of Hue was the palace where the Nguyen emperors lived and ruled Vietnam from 1802 to 1945. It has a similar purpose to the Forbidden City in Beijing, China. Like the Forbidden City, the inner part of the Imperial City, the Forbidden Purple City, did not allow commoners to enter. The Imperial City was opened to everyone after Vietnam's last emperor, Bao Dai, stepped down from power. The Imperial City would later be a battleground in the Battle of Hue. Even today, visitors can see signs that the battle happened since many of the buildings still have bullet holes in them.

Thai Nguyen

Thai Nguyen is a city in northern Vietnam. It is around 63 kilometers away from Hanoi by plane and 85 kilometers away by car. It is famous for growing tea. It was also the first city in Vietnam to have a steel mill. It is also a center of education in Vietnam. It is also home of the Museum of Cultures of Vietnam's Ethnic Groups.

People's Army of Vietnam

The People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) is the military of modern-day Vietnam. It was also the military of communist North Vietnam during the First Indochina War and the Vietnam War. Non-communist fighters called it the Viet Minh during the First Indochina War and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) during the Vietnam War. The NVA is not to be confused with the Viet Cong because the Viet Cong were South Vietnamese who fought for North Vietnam. During the Vietnam War, the NVA made a system of trails (mostly in Laos and Cambodia) called the Ho Chi Minh Trail. This was made to send NVA soldiers into South Vietnam and to give Viet Cong support to fight against non-communist soldiers.

Ho Chi Minh trail

The Ho Chi Minh Trail is a system of trails made in the Vietnam War send North Vietnamese soldiers into South Vietnam and to help the Viet Cong insurgents fight against non-communist South Vietnamese soldiers. Most of the trails were in Laos and Cambodia because the United States was not allowed to enter those countries to bomb the trails. Later in the war, the United States would secretly send US soldiers to fight communist Vietnamese soldiers in Laos and Cambodia.

In early 1971, South Vietnam–with United States support–tried to disrupt the Ho Chi Minh Trail by invading Laos and launching Operation Lam Son 719, but this operation was a failure.

Jay Rayner

Jay Rayner is a British journalist and food critic.

Jay Rayner started his career as a freelance journalist. He started writing on a number of British newspapers such as The Observer and the Independent on Sunday. In 1992 he won the "Young Journalist of the Year" award by the British Press Awards. He also worked as a feature writer for The Guardian, The Mail on Sunday, and The Observer before he became a restaurant critic at that newspaper in 1999.

Hoi An

Hoi An is a city in Quang Nam Province in Vietnam. It is a popular tourist site near Danang. The old town area has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1999. It is a well-kept trading port that mixed native Vietnamese architecture with other types of architecture. Popular ways of traveling the nearby areas are by bicycle, motorcycle, kayak, and motorboat.

Ha Long Bay

Ha Long Bay is a popular tourist site and UNESCO World Heritage Site in northeast Vietnam. The site is famous for having many karsts off the coast. 

Water puppetry

Water puppetry () is a type of puppet theater that has been played in Vietnam since the 11th century. It takes place in a pool where the puppeteers control puppets using a bamboo pole underwater.

Củ Chi tunnels

The Cu Chi Tunnels are a tunnel system used by the Viet Cong to attack Saigon nearby during the Vietnam War. Throughout the war, Viet Cong would live in tunnels. These tunnels were often deep enough to protect Viet Cong from American bombers. Many of these tunnels were too small for most American soldiers to go into comfortably. They would often have traps that could injure or kill enemy soldiers.

Life (magazine)

Life was an American magazine published weekly until 1972. It later published monthly from 1978 until 2000. During its golden age from 1936 to 1972, "Life" was a wide-ranging weekly general interest magazine known for the quality of its photography.

After 2000, Time Inc. continued to use the "Life" brand for special issues. "Life" returned as a weekly newspaper from 2004 to 2007. 

On January 30, 2012, the LIFE.com URL became a photo channel on Time.com.

Wolfgang Gunkel

Wolfgang Gunkel (15 January 1948 – 20 May 2020) was an East German rower. He competed in coxed pairs together with Jörg Lucke. In this event he won the European title in 1971, the Olympic gold medal in 1972, and the world title in 1975. He was born in Berlin.


John Loengard

John Borg Loengard (September 5, 1934 – May 24, 2020) was an American photographer. He worked at "Life" magazine from 1961, and was its picture editor from 1973 to 1987. He taught at the International Center of Photography and at The New School for Social Research. He was born in New York City.

Loengard died on May 24, 2020 in New York City of heart failure, aged 85.

Granville, Manche

Granville (; Norman: "Graunville") is a commune in the Manche department and region of Normandy in north-western France. 

The town is populated by 13,021 people, who are called "Granvillais".

Curtis Cokes

Curtis Cokes (June 15, 1937 – May 29, 2020) was an American boxer. He was born in Dallas, Texas. Cokes was the World Welterweight Champion. In 2003, Cokes was added into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Cokes died on May 29, 2020 of heart failure in Dallas, aged 82.

Evaldo Gouveia

Evaldo Gouveia de Oliveira (August 8, 1928 – May 29, 2020), better known as simply Evaldo Gouveia, was a Brazilian singer-songwriter. His works were MPB. He was born in Orós, Ceará. Gouveia released seven studio albums and many plays, most of them featuring fellow singers and . 

On May 29, 2020, Gouveia died in Fortaleza, Ceará at the age 91 from COVID-19.

Henk Steevens

Henk Steevens (1932, Geleen – 29 May 2020) was a Dutch cyclist. Steevens won the GP of Aken and the Grote Continental Prijs of Hannover. 

He was named together with Sjefke Janssen and Jan Nolten the “three of Elsloo”. They were all three part of the Dutch team at the 1953 Tour de France. He was part of the pre-selection for the 1954 Tour de France, but was not selected.

After his cycling career, he became team manager of “ Ovis en Driessen Stoffen”. His brother Harry Steevens was also a cyclist.

Steevens died on 29 May 2020, aged 88.

Harry Steevens

Henri "Harry/Harrie" Steevens (born 27 April 1945) is a retired Dutch cyclist. His career lasted from 1960 and 1972. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the individual road race and finished in 40th place. 

Two years later he won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships. He also won the Olympia's Tour (1965), Ronde van Limburg (1966) and Amstel Gold Race (1968).

His brother Henk Steevens was also a cyclist.

Michael Angelis

Michael Angelis (29 April 1954 – 30 May 2020) was an English actor. He was best known for his roles in "Boys from the Black Stuff" and "G.B.H.". He was the narrator of the British children's television series "Thomas and Friends" from 1991 to 2012. and "The Adventures of Red T-Shirt and Friends" UK Dub Alan Marriott US Dub He was born in Liverpool, England.

Angelis died on 30 May 2020 of a heart attack, aged 66 from Sky, BBC and ITV News.

Bobby Dimond

Bobby Dimond (July 30, 1930 – May 30, 2020) was an Australian rugby league footballer. He played in the 1940s and 1950s and was known for his play with the national team. He was selected to play for Australia and was a member of the 1948 Kangaroo Tour. He played 20 matches on the tour and scored ten tries, but did not play in a test match. 

He was born in Dapto, New South Wales. Dimond died on May 30, 2020 in Mexico City, aged 89.

Thomas Pynchon

Thomas Ruggles Pynchon Jr. (, ; born May 8, 1937) is an American author. He is part of the MacArthur Fellowship and writes very complex novels with deep meanings. He writes many different types of both fiction and non-fiction. For "Gravity's Rainbow, Pynchon won the 1973 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction

Pynchon is from Long Island, New York, and served two years in the United States Navy. He also got a degree in English from Cornell University. He published many short stories in the late-1950s and early-1960s. After this, he started writing novels. He is most famous for the novels "V." (1963), "The Crying of Lot 49" (1966), and "Gravity's Rainbow" (1973) from this time. 

Elsa Dorfman

Elsa Dorfman (April 26, 1937 – May 30, 2020) was an American portrait photographer. She was known for her use of a large-format instant Polaroid camera. She was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Dorfman's principal published work, originally published in 1974, was "Elsa's Housebook - A Woman's Photojournal". She took pictures of Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Allen Ginsberg and Peter Orlovsky, Gary Snyder, Gregory Corso, and Robert Creeley. She also photographed staples of the Boston rock scene such as Jonathan Richman frontman of The Modern Lovers, and Steven Tyler of Aerosmith.

Dorfman died of kidney failure at her home in Cambridge on May 30, 2020 at the age of 83.

Fudan University

Fudan University () is a public research university in Shanghai, China. Most people think it is one of the best universities in China. It was founded in 1905, and was the first university in China started by the people instead of the government. Fudan is part of the C9 League of universities. The Chinese Ministry of Education calls the university a CLass A Double First Class University. This means they think it is very good.

Mady Mesplé

Mady Mesplé (7 March 1931 – 30 May 2020) was a French opera singer. She was a well known coloratura soprano in France. She was born in Toulouse, France. Her career lasted from 1953 to 1985. 

Mesplé appeared at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, the Royal Opera House in London, La Scala in Milan, the Metropolitan Opera in New York and Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires.

During the 1960s, Mesplé appeared mant times on French television. She was also the first to sing the French version of Hans Werner Henze's "Elegy for Young Lovers" in 1965, and Pierre Boulez chose Mesplé for his performances of Arnold Schoenberg's "Jacob's Ladder".

During the 1970s she added operettas to her repertoire, especially by Jacques Offenbach, such as "La Vie parisienne", "Orphée aux enfers" and "La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein", opposite Régine Crespin.

She was made Grand Officier of the Legion of Honour in 2015 and honored with the Grand Cross of the Ordre national du Mérite in 2019.

Mesplé died on 30 May 2020 in Toulouse from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 89.


Glen Cove, New York

Glen Cove is a city in Nassau County, New York, United States. It is on the North Shore of Long Island. There were 28,365 people who lived there in 2020.

John Nzenze

John Amutabi Nzenze (1940 – May 30, 2020) was a Kenyan guitarist. He was born in Nairobi. He had performed the twist dance style. Some of his most popular songs were "Angelike" (released in 1961), "Julieta Rudi Tuone" and "Habari za Nairobi (Nairobi twist)".

He toured Japan, Britain and various East African countries. In 1968 he represented Kenya at All African Music Festival in Algeria, finishing third. Next year the band performed with Miles Davis in Germany.

In 1971, BBC World Service gave them a "Best Band in Africa" award. 

Nzenze died on May 30, 2020 at a hospital in Kakamega, Kenya from problems caused by stomach surgery, aged 80.

Series acceleration

In numerical analysis, series acceleration (sometimes called as convergence improvement) is the name for algorithms that transforms slowly convergent series to rapidly convergent series.
The NSum and NLimit command in Wolfram Mathematica is based on series acceleration. In addition, Romberg integration (a famous numerical integration method) is also based on this technique.


Bobby Morrow

Bobby Joe Morrow (October 15, 1935 – May 30, 2020) was an American sprinter. He won three gold medals at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was known as "the dominant sprinter of the 1950s" and "the most relaxed sprinter of all time, even more so than his hero Jesse Owens". He was born in Harlingen, Texas. 

He retired in 1958 to become a farmer and a woodworker. He made a short comeback before the 1960 Olympic Games, but failed to qualify for the U.S. Olympic team.

Morrow died of anemia and peripheral neuropathy on May 30, 2020, at his home in San Benito, Texas, at the age of 84.

San Benito, Texas

San Benito is a city in Cameron County, Texas, United States. The population was 24,861 at the 2020 census.

Kate Higgins

Katherine Davis Higgins (born August 16, 1969) is an American actress, singer, and jazz pianist. 

Higgins's major voice roles have been in English-language versions of Japanese anime, and she is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in "Naruto" and Talho Yuuki in Eureka 7. 

She has also voiced CC in "Code Geass" and Saber in the original "Fate/stay night". 

Between 2010 and 2013, Higgins voiced Tails in the video game series "Sonic the Hedgehog". 

She also voices Kate, Stinky, and Lilly in the "Alpha and Omega" sequels. She is the current voice of Princess Aurora since 2010.

Fourier series

Joseph Fourier said that it is possible to use sine waves to approximate another function. This is a series in the mathematical sense. This theory can be generalized to the Fourier transform. Mathematical analysis of these functions is called Fourier analysis. 

In the 18th century, mathematicians such as Euler, Lagrange and Bernoulli already used sinusoids to approximate and model other functions. When Fourier published a work on heat, in 1822, he said that such approximations exist for any such function (that is continuous in the interval). At first, people didn't believe him, and it took almost ten years for a proof (of part of the problem) to appear.

Today, fourier series are used a lot in digital signal processing. 

Holden Commodore

The Holden Commodore was a full-size sedan produced by Holden from 1978 to 2020.

Michael Scofield

Michael Scofield is one of the main characters in the TV series Prison Break. His part was played by Went Worth Miller.

Southern Comfort (movie)

Southern Comfort is a 1981 American action adventure thriller movie directed by Walter Hill and starring Keith Carradine, Powers Boothe, Fred Ward, Franklyn Seales, Peter Coyote, T. K. Carter, Lewis Smith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Canadians (1961 movie)

The Canadians is a 1961 British Canadian western movie directed by first time director Burt Kennedy and starring Robert Ryan, John Dehner, Torin Thatcher, Burt Metcalfe, John Sutton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


List of Disney live-action remakes of animated movies

This is a list of the live-action reimaginings saga produced by Walt Disney Pictures of its animated films. This list does not include remakes of live-action/animation hybrid films (such as Mary Poppins or Pete's Dragon), animated movies or live-action movies that were produced by another studio and later reimagined into live-action films by Disney (such as The Wizard of Oz and The Nutcracker and the Four Realms), live-action films another studio made based on the same story as a Disney feature that were later acquired (such as Fox’s Ever After or Pathé‘s The Wind in the Willows/Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride), the direct to video release The Jungle Book: Mowgli’s Story, or based on animated television shows (such as Kim Possible).

A live-action film about Tinker Bell with Victoria Strouse writing the script and Reese Witherspoon playing Tinker Bell, is in the works. It was also reported that a live-action spin-off of "Prince Charming" titled "Charming" is in development with Stephen Chbosky writing and directing. A prequel of "Aladdin" titled "Genies", written by Damian Shannon and Mark Swift and produced by Tripp Vinson, was announced in 2015.

Wild Strawberries (movie)

Wild Strawberries is a 1957 Swedish drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and stars Victor Sjöström, Bibi Andersson, Ingrid Thulin, Gunnar Björnstrand, Björn Bjelfvenstam, Max von Sydow. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1960.


Bernardine (movie)

Bernardine is a 1957 American musical comedy movie directed by Henry Levin and based on the play of the same name by Mary Coyle Chase. It stars Pat Boone, Terry Moore, Janet Gaynor, Dean Jagger, Dick Sargent, James Drury, Walter Abel, Russ Conway and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Badlands of Montana

Badlands of Montana is a 1957 American western movie directed by Daniel B. Ullmann and starring Rex Reason, Margia Dean, Keith Larsen, Emile Meyer, Beverly Garland, William Edward Phipps. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Georgina Pinedo

Georgina Soledad Pinedo (born 30 May 1981 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine volleyball player.

She participated at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 2003 Women's South American Volleyball Championship, 2009 Women's South American Volleyball Championship, 2008 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2008 Final Four Women's Volleyball Cup, 2010 Final Four Women's Volleyball Cup, 2011 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and 2013 European Cup.

At the club level, she played for Boca Juniors and Volero Le Cannet.

Southern Peninsula (Iceland)

The Southern Peninsula () is a region in the southwest of the Iceland. The region is located on the Reykjanes Peninsula (). The population of the region was 27,829 (2020). The capital in the region is Keflavík, with a population of 15,930 (2018). Keflavík International Airport, which is the largest and busiest airport in Iceland, is located in the region.


Capital Region (Iceland)

Greater Reykjavík (, meaning "The Capital Region") is one of the eight regions of Iceland and also one of the two NUTS 3 regions. It is in the southwest of the country. The population of the region was 233,034 (2020). The capital in the region is Reykjavík, which is also the national capital. It is made up of six municipalities.




Lepidochelys

Lepidochelys is a genus of sea turtles. It has two living species:


Bannalec

Bannalec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Todd Fisher

Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958) is an American director, cinematographer, producer and actor of television movies and documentaries. He was born in Beverly Hills. Fisher is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds. Carrie Fisher was his sister. His nieces are Billie Catherine Lourd, Olivia Luna Fisher-Duddy, Skylar Grace Fisher-Duddy, True Harlow Fisher-Duddy. He wrote the book "My Girls: A Lifetime with Carrie and Debbie".

Romainville

Romainville is a French commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department.

Aubervilliers

Aubervilliers is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Le Blanc-Mesnil

Le Blanc-Mesnil is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Bondy

Bondy is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Le Raincy

Le Raincy is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Le Bourget

Le Bourget is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Clichy-sous-Bois

Clichy-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Archosauromorph

Archosauromorpha is a clade of diapsid reptiles containing all reptiles more closely related to archosaurs than to lepidosaurs.

Lepidosaurs include tuataras, lizards, and snakes.

Archosauromorphs include turtles, crocodiles, dinosaurs and birds.


Nogent-sur-Seine

Nogent-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Courceroy

Courceroy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Wayside School

Wayside School is a book series of children's chapter books. They are written by Louis Sachar, who also wrote "Holes", a book that won the National Book Award for Young People's Literature.

The books in the "Wayside School" series are

1938 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1938 hurricane season was a normal season except for one thing. The 1938 hurricane season brought a EXTREMELY strong hurricane to Long Island, New Jersey, and even New Hampshire. It brought category 4 winds with it. It is also known as the 1938 New England Hurricane. Except for that, the 1938 hurricane season was a normal season.

Natalie Sangkagalo

Natalie Sangkagalo (born 1 July 1999) is a Thai figure skater. She participated at the 2017 Asian Open Figure Skating Trophy and 2018 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.


Khrisctina Serfozo

Khrisctina Serfozo is a Hungarian water polo player. She was a member of Hungarian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, winning a gold medal.

Drue Wawrzynski

Drue Wawrzynski is an American water polo player. She played for the United States women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, winning the silver medal.

She played for California State University, Long Beach's women's volleyball team.

Global Banking &amp; Finance Review

Global Banking and Finance Review is a British finance related magazine. Their office is located in the United Kingdom. It was launched in 2010 by Varun Sash. The magazine focuses on global financial trends and developments. Wanda Rich is the current editor of Global Banking and Finance Review. In 2011, it started awards program which is known as Global Banking & Finance Awards.

Morning Advertiser

Morning Advertiser is a British trade magazine. In 2011, William Reed Business Media, bought "The Publican" from United Business Media and merged these two titles to "The Publican's Morning Advertiser". Later, in 2016, it was renamed to the "Morning Advertiser".

The magazine was first published in 1794 in London.

Cambridge University Press

Cambridge University Press is the publishing wing of the University of Cambridge. King Henry VIII of England granted it the letters patent in 1534. It is also the world's oldest publishing house and the second-largest university press in the world.

Cambridge University Press has offices in 40 countries and it has published over 50,000 titles by authors from 100 different countries. They publishes academic journals, monographs, reference works, textbooks, and English language teaching and learning publications.


Saint-Symphorien-sur-Saône

Saint-Symphorien-sur-Saône is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Bénodet

Bénodet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brignogan-Plages

Brignogan-Plages (or simply Brignogan; ) was a commune. It was found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages.

Coubron

Coubron is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. In 2017, 4,833 people lived there.

La Courneuve

La Courneuve is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Claudia Blomenkamp

Claudia Blomenkamp (born 30 December 1986) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2009 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, 2012 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2016 Olympic Qualifying tournament.


Franklin County, Georgia

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 23,424 people lived there. The county seat is Carnesville.

Gilmer County, Georgia

Gilmer County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 31,353 people lived there. The county seat is Ellijay.

Keizer, Oregon

Keizer is a city in Oregon in the United States.

H. C. Stackpole III

Henry Charles "Hank" Stackpole III (May 7, 1935 – May 29, 2020) was an American lieutenant general in the Marine Corps. His awards include the Silver Star, Legion of Merit, and Defense Superior Service Medal. He entered the Marine Corps in 1957. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut. 

Stackpole died in Hawaii on May 29, 2020 at the age of 85.

Nadine Kunz

Nadine Kunz (born 11 November 1983) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2007 World Aquatics Championships, and 2009 FINA Women's World Championships.


Yawovi Agboyibo

Yawovi Madji Agboyibo (31 December 1943 – 30 May 2020) was a Togolese politician. He was Prime Minister of Togo from September 2006 to December 2007. He was National President of the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), an opposition political party, from 1991 to 2008. 

He died in Paris on 30 May 2020 after a short-illness, aged 76.

Michel Gauthier

Michel Gauthier (; (February 18, 1950 – May 30, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was leader of the Bloc Québécois from 1996 to 1997. He was Leader of the Opposition in the Parliament of Canada during the same time. He was a member of parliament from 1994 to 2007. 

Gauthier was born in Quebec City. He was also a member of the Conservative Party. Gauthier died on May 30, 2020 in Quebec City of lung cancer, aged 70.

Christo and Jeanne-Claude

Christo Vladimirov Javacheff (June 13, 1935 – May 31, 2020) and Jeanne-Claude Denat de Guillebon (June 13, 1935 – November 18, 2009) were a married couple who created environmental works of art. 

Their works include the wrapping of the Reichstag in Berlin and the Pont-Neuf bridge in Paris, the artwork called "Running Fence" in Sonoma and Marin counties in California, and "The Gates" in New York City's Central Park.

Christo was born in Gabrovo, present-day Bulgaria. Jeanne-Claude was born in Casablanca, present-day Morocco. They met in Paris in 1958. In 1964, they moved to New York City where they began their joint art career. 

Their works were given credit to "Christo" only, until 1994, when the outdoor works and large indoor were credited to "Christo and Jeanne-Claude". They flew in separate planes: in case one crashed, the other could continue their work.

Jeanne-Claude died, aged 74, on November 18, 2009 in New York City, from problems caused by a brain aneurysm. Christo died on May 31, 2020, of natural causes in New York City, aged 84.

Theresa Klein

Theresa Klein is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 European Water Polo Championship, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 FINA Water Polo Women's Championship.


Nina Wengst

Nina Wengst (born 20 March 1979) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, 2007 World Aquatics Championships, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for University of Southern California's women's water polo team.


Carmen Gelse

Carmen Gelse (born 22 September 1987) is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships 2009 World Aquatics Championships. and 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship,


Dan van Husen

Dan van Husen (30 April 1945 – 31 May 2020) was a German actor. He appeared in some Hollywood movies. He was born in Gummersbach, Germany. Van Husen was known for his roles in "Fellini Casanova", by Federico Fellini, in "Salon Kitty" by Tinto Brass and "Nosferatu the Vampyre" directed by Werner Herzog.

Van Husen died on 31 May 2020 in Somerset, England of COVID-19, aged 75.


Tinto Brass

Giovanni "Tinto" Brass (born 26 March 1933) is an Italian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Milan, Italy.

In the 1960s and 1970s, he directed many avant-garde movies. He is known for his movies "Caligula", "Così fan tutte" (released under the English title "All Ladies Do It"), "Paprika", "Monella" ("Frivolous Lola") and "Trasgredire".

In April 2010, Brass was hospitalized after having an intracranial hemorrhage.


Evan H. Turner

Evan Hopkins Turner (born 1927) is an American art historian and museum director.

Evan Hopkins Turner was born in 1927 in the town of Orono in Penobscot County, Maine. He studied art history at Harvard University.

From 1955 to 1959, he was assistant director of the Wadsworth Atheneum. From 1959 to 1964, he was director of the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. From 1964 to 1977, he was director of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. From 1978 to 1983, he was director of the Ackland Art Museum. From 1983 to 1993, he was director of the Cleveland Museum of Art. He won a 1991 Cleveland Arts Prize.

His papers are held at Philadelphia Museum of Art Archives.


Nosferatu the Vampyre

Nosferatu the Vampyre is a 1979 West German French horror movie directed by Werner Herzog. Its original German title is Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht ("Nosferatu: Phantom of the Night") and stars Isabelle Adjani, Bruno Ganz, Klaus Kinski, Dan van Husen, Roland Topor, Jan Groth, Walter Ladengast, Rijk de Gooyer and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Indy Baijens

Indy Baijens (born 4 February 2001 in Zaandam) is a Dutch volleyball player for ASPTT Mulhouse and the Dutch national team.
She participated at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.


Sajid–Wajid

Sajid–Wajid was an Indian Bollywood Hindi movie music director duo made up of brothers Sajid Khan and Wajid Khan, the sons of Ustad Sharafat Ali Khan. They were born in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh. Their career began in 1998.

The music duo has also composed music for several movies starring Salman Khan, which include "Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge" (2002), "Tere Naam" (2003), "" (2004), "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" (2004), "Partner" (2007), "Hello" (2008), "God Tussi Great Ho" (2008), "Wanted" (2009), "Main Aur Mrs Khanna", (2009), "Veer" (2010), "Dabangg" (2010), "No Problem" (2010) and "Ek Tha Tiger" (2012).

Wajid Khan died on June 1, 2020 of COVID-19, aged 43.

Norman Lamm

Norman Lamm (December 19, 1927 – May 31, 2020) was an American Modern Orthodox rabbi, scholar, author and Jewish communal leader. He was the Chancellor of Yeshiva University until his retirement on July 1, 2013. He was born in New York City. 

In 1958 Lamm helped found "Tradition", an academic journal of Modern Orthodox thought. He also launched the "Torah U-Madda Journal".

Lamm died on May 31, 2020 in Englewood, New Jersey at the age of 92.


Five Days from Home

Five Days from Home is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by George Peppard (who also stars) and starring Sherry Boucher, Neville Brand, Robert Donner, Ronnie Claire Edwards, Savannah Smith Boucher. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Antifa (United States)

The antifa (), short for anti-fascist, movement in the United States is a militant far-left-wing, anti-fascist political activist movement. It is made up of activist groups that protest with the use of direct action instead of policy changes.

The methods include protesting, digital activism, property damage, physical violence and harassment against those who they see as fascist, racist, or on the far-right.

The movement has anti-capitalist views and support anarchism, communism, liberalism, social democracy and socialism.

It has been called a terrorist movement by President Donald Trump after the group took part in the George Floyd protests in 2020.

Doug Hurley

Douglas Gerald Hurley (born October 21, 1966) is an American engineer, former Marine Corps pilot, and former NASA astronaut. He piloted Space Shuttle missions STS-127 (July 2009) and STS-135 (July 2011), the final flight of the Space Shuttle program. 

He launched into space for the third time as Commander of Crew Dragon Demo-2, the first crewed spaceflight from American soil since STS-135. He was also the first Marine to fly the F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet. 

Bob Behnken

Robert Louis Behnken (; born July 28, 1970) is a NASA astronaut, engineer, and former Chief of the Astronaut Office. Behnken was selected as an astronaut by NASA in 2000 and is a veteran of two space shuttle flights. A native of Missouri, Behnken flew STS-123 in March 2008 and STS-130 in February 2010, logging more than 708 hours in space, and more than 37 hours during six spacewalks. Behnken most recently served as Joint Operations Commander on the first crewed flight of the SpaceX Crew Dragon, the Demo-2 mission, which landed August 2, 2020. He also served as Flight Engineer on the International Space Station for Expedition 63.

Behnken was born in St. Ann, Missouri on July 28, 1970. After graduating from Pattonville High School in Maryland Heights, Missouri, he attended Washington University in St. Louis where he majored in mechanical engineering and physics and was a member of the Air Force Reserve Officers' Training Corps. He then went to California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena, California for graduate school, where he earned master's and doctorate degrees in mechanical engineering. 

After graduate school, Behnken was commissioned for active duty with the Air Force and was based at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida where he worked as a developmental engineer and technical manager for new weapons systems. 

Next, Behnken went to the Air Force Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base. He was assigned to the F-22 Combined Test Force and served as the lead flight test engineer for the fourth F-22, a stealth tactical fighter aircraft that flies at speeds of up to 1,500 mph (2,414 kilometers per hour). Behnken has flown more than 1,500 flight hours and piloted more than 25 different types of aircraft.

He is married to fellow astronaut K. Megan McArthur. Together, they have one child.

Colonel Behnken was selected by NASA in July 2000, and following the completion of astronaut candidate training was assigned to support launch and landing activities at the Kennedy Space Center, Florida.  Since then, within the Astronaut Office, he served in the Exploration branch, as Chief of the Space Station Operations Branch, and between July 2012 and July 2015 as NASA’s Chief Astronaut.  As Chief Astronaut, he was responsible for flight assignments, mission preparation, and on-orbit support of international space station crews as well as organizing astronaut office support for future launch vehicles.

Colonel Behnken trained as an international space station crew member following the loss of Columbia and as a mission specialist for STS-400 the launch-on-need rescue flight for the last Hubble servicing mission.  He flew STS-123 in March 2008 and STS-130 in February 2010, logging more than 708 hours in space, and performing more than 37 hours in six spacewalks.  Colonel Behnken is currently assigned to the cadre of astronauts that will train and fly the initial test flights of the Boeing CST-100 or Space X Dragon commercially built spacecraft. 

STS-123 Endeavour (March 11 to March 26, 2008) was a night launch/landing and the 25th International Space Station assembly mission.  Endeavour’s crew delivered the first component of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Kibo Laboratory and the final element of the station’s Mobile Servicing System, the Canadian-built Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, known as Dextre.  Colonel Behnken served a flight deck Mission Specialist for ascent and entry, performed three spacewalks, and operated both the station robotic arm and the Dextre robot.  The mission was accomplished in 250 orbits of the Earth, traveling 6,577,857 statute miles in 15 days, 18 hours, 10 minutes and 54 seconds.

STS-130 Endeavour (February 8 to February 21, 2010) was a night launch/landing and the 32nd International Space Station assembly mission.  Endeavour’s crew delivered and outfitted Node 3 (the station’s habitation module) and the Cupola (the station’s seven window Earth facing observation portal).  Colonel Behnken served as a Mission Specialist, operated the space station robotic arm, served as the spacewalking lead and performed three spacewalks.  The mission was accomplished in 217 orbits of the Earth, traveling 5,738,991 statute miles in 13 days, 18 hours, 6 minutes and 24 seconds.

Behnken served as Joint Operations Commander on the first crewed flight of the SpaceX Crew Dragon, the Demo-2 mission, launching May 20 and landing in Pensacola, Florida on August 2, 2020. He also served as Flight Engineer on the International Space Station for Expedition 63. Behnken contributed to more than 110 hours of time to supporting the orbiting laboratory’s investigations. He participated in a number of scientific experiments, spacewalks and public engagement events during his 62 days aboard station. Behnken helped work on numerous sample switch outs for the Electrolysis Measurement (EM) experiment, as well as contributing images to the Crew Earth Observations (CEO) study.  While on board, Behnken conducted four spacewalks and is now tied for most spacewalks by an American astronaut with Michael Lopez-Alegria, Peggy Whitson, and Chris Cassidy, each of whom has completed 10 spacewalks.

Outstanding Mechanical Engineering Senior, Washington University (1992); National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellow (1993 to 1996); United States Air Force Meritorious Service, Defense Meritorious Service and Defense Superior Service Medals; NASA Space Flight Medal (2008, 2010); NASA Exceptional Service Medal (2011), Washington University Young Alumni Achievement Award (2009); Distinguished Alumni Award (2013).

St. Ann, Missouri

St. Ann is a suburb of St. Louis in north St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 13,019 at the 2020 census.

Wexford, Pennsylvania

Wexford is an unincorporated community in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States.

La Luna (movie)

La Luna also known as "Luna" is a 1979 Italian–American drama movie directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Jill Clayburgh, Matthew Barry, Veronica Lazar, Tomas Milian, Renato Salvatori, Fred Gwynne, Peter Eyre, Roberto Benigni. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Pine Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

Pine Township is a township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 14,691 at the 2020 census.

Pine Township was named for the large number of pine trees.

Cheswold, Delaware

Cheswold is a town in Kent County in the U.S. state of Delaware. It is part of the Dover, Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,923 at the 2020 census.

Music to Be Murdered By

Music to Be Murdered By is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Eminem, released on January 17, 2020 by Shady Records, Aftermath Entertainment, and Interscope Records with no prior announcement, similar to his previous album "Kamikaze" (2018). The album was produced by Dr. Dre, and features collaborations with Black Thought, Q-Tip, Juice Wrld, Ed Sheeran, Young M.A, Skylar Grey, Don Toliver, Anderson Paak and Royce da 5'9", among others.

Alongside the album, Eminem also released a music video for "Darkness", directed by James Larese.

The album was released with two different cover designs; one featuring Eminem wearing a trilby hat and holding a shovel, and the other featuring Eminem, hatless, holding an ax and a gun to his own head. Both versions credit Eminem under the name Slim Shady.

The album's title and cover art allude to the 1958 Jeff Alexander album, "Alfred Hitchcock Presents Music to Be Murdered By". Via social media Eminem posted an image of the Jeff Alexander album cover, which features Alfred Hitchcock too holding an ax and a gun to his own head, stating the album was "inspired by the master, Uncle Alfred!".

Back from the Dead (movie)

Back from the Dead is a 1957 American horror movie directed by Charles Marquis Warren and based on the 1952 novel "The Other One" by Catherine Turney. It stars Peggie Castle, Arthur Franz, Marsha Hunt, Don Haggerty, Marianne Stewart and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


God Is My Partner

God Is My Partner is a 1957 American drama movie directed by William F. Claxton and starring Walter Brennan, John Hoyt, Marion Ross, Jesse White, Nelson Leigh, Charles Lane, Paul Cavanagh, Gloria Blondell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Léo Major

Léo Major & Bar (January 23, 1921 – October 12, 2008) was a Canadian soldier. He was the only Canadian to ever get the Distinguished Conduct Medal (DCM) twice in different wars. Major got his first DCM in World War II in 1945 when he made the German army run away in the city of Zwolle; he did this by himself. He was sent to scout the city with one of his best friends, but he thought Zwolle was too beautiful for an attack, deciding instead to clear it out himself. A firefight happened in which his friend was killed, and after that, he put the commanders of each group of enemy soldiers he found at gunpoint. He did this until he could take soldier groups prisoner back at base. He did this again and again until the there were no more German soldiers in the city. He got his second DCM in 1951 during the Korean War for leading the capture of an important hill.

Major was serving with the Régiment de la Chaudière. They landed on the beaches in the Normandy Invasion on June 6, 1944. During a reconnaissance mission on D-Day, Major captured a German armored vehicle (a Hanomag) by himself. The vehicle had German communication equipment and secret codes in it.


Accumoli

Accumoli is a town (comune) in Central Italy. It is in the Province of Rieti in the region of Lazio.

Apache Warrior

Apache Warrior is a 1957 American western movie directed by Elmo Williams and was also known as Red Arrow, The Apache Kid and The Long Knives. It stars Keith Larsen, Jim Davis, Rodolfo Acosta, John Mijan, Damian O'Flynn, George Keymans and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Hell on Devil's Island

Hell on Devil's Island is a 1957 American adventure drama movie directed by Christian Nyby and starring Helmut Dantine, William Talman, Donna Martell, Jean Willes, Jay Adler, Rex Ingram. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Break in the Circle

Break in the Circle is a 1955 British drama movie directed by Val Guest and starring Forrest Tucker, Eva Bartok, Marius Goring, Guy Middleton, Eric Pohlmann, Reginald Beckwith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Sun Also Rises (1957 movie)

The Sun Also Rises is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Henry King and based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. It stars Tyrone Power, Ava Gardner, Mel Ferrer, Errol Flynn, Eddie Albert, Henry Daniell, Juliette Gréco and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Derek Barton

Sir Derek Harold Richard Barton (8 September 1918 – 16 March 1998) was an English organic chemist and Nobel Prize laureate.

He was born in Gravesend, Kent. His father was William Thomas and mother was Maude Henrietta Barton. He attended Gravesend Grammar School (1926–29), The King's School, Rochester (1929–32), Tonbridge School (1932–35) and Medway Technical College (1937–39). He was graduated from the Imperial College London and obtained his PhD degree in Organic Chemistry in 1942.

He was awarded the Fellow of the Royal Society and Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.

Quinn Hughes

Quinton Hughes (born October 14, 1999) is an American ice hockey defenseman. He is currently playing for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). The team drafted him 7th overall during the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.

After playing with the USA Hockey National Team Development Program, Hughes joined the University of Michigan for the 2017–18 season. He played two seasons with Michigan before joining the Canucks for their 2018–19 NHL season.

The Phantom Carriage

The Phantom Carriage (, literally "The Wagoner") is a 1921 Swedish fantasy horror movie directed by Victor Sjöström (who also stars) and based on the 1912 novel "Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness!" ("Körkarlen") by Selma Lagerlöf. It stars Hilda Borgström, Tore Svennberg, Astrid Holm, Concordia Selander and was distributed by AB Svensk Filmindustri. It was remade in 1958.


Carl Gunnarsson

Carl Gunnarsson (born 9 November 1986) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). Gunnarsson was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Gunnarsson won the Stanley Cup as a member of the Blues in 2019.

Joel Edmundson

Joel Edmundson (born June 28, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the St. Louis Blues in the 2011 NHL Draft. He helped the Blues win their first Stanley Cup in the team's history in 2019. On September 24, 2019, Edmundson was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes.

Excalibur (movie)

Excalibur is 1981 American British Irish fantasy movie directed by John Boorman and starring Nigel Terry, Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nicol Williamson, Corin Redgrave, Patrick Stewart, Clive Swift, Liam Neeson, Gabriel Byrne. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1982.

Under the Cherry Moon

Under the Cherry Moon is a 1986 American romantic musical movie directed by Prince (who also stars) and stars Jerome Benton, Kristin Scott Thomas, Steven Berkoff, Francesca Annis. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won 5 Razzies at the Golden Raspberry Awards in 1987.

Hick's law

Hick's law, or the Hick–Hyman law is named after British and American psychologists William Edmund Hick and Ray Hyman. It describes the time it takes for a person to make a decision as a result of the possible choices.

Increasing the number of choices increases the decision time logarithmically. The amount of time taken to process a certain amount of bits in the Hick–Hyman law is known as the "rate of gain of information".

Hick's law may support some computing menu design decisions. For example, to find a given word (e.g. the name of a command) in a randomly ordered word list (e.g. a menu). If the list is alphabetical, and the user knows the name of the command, he or she may be able to use a subdividing strategy that works in logarithmic time.

Danny Havoc

Grant Amos Berkland, better known as Danny Havoc (May 19, 1986 – May 31, 2020) was an American professional wrestler. He was born in Cylinder, Iowa. He wrestled for Game Changer Wrestling (GCW), and was best known for his work in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW).

He announced his retirement and on September 9, 2017. Two years later, Havoc came out of retirement for Matt Tremont's H2O Wrestling at a benefit show. 

In February 2020, he returned to Game Changer Wrestling (who he had made special appearances from 2015 to 2017) for their Tokyo tour.

His death was announced on May 31, 2020 at the age of 34.

Mukar Cholponbayev

Mukar Shaltakovich Cholponbayev (; 29 March 1950 – 24 May 2020) was a Kyrgyzstani politician. He was born in Issyk-Kul Region, Kyrgyz SSR. From 1984 to 1991, he was Deputy Head of the Legal Department of the Supreme Council of the Kyrgyz SSR, and later promoted to Head of the Legal Department.

After the collapse of the Soviet Union, from 1991 to 1993, he was the Head of Department of Justice of Chuy Region, and Head of the Presidential Administration Department. He was Minister of Justice from 1993 to 1995. He was the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Kyrgyzstan from 1995 to 1996. 

He died in Bishkek on 24 May 2020 from COVID-19, aged 70.

John Zdechlik

John Zdechlik ("Zuh-DECK-lik"; May 2, 1937 – May 21, 2020) was an American composer, music teacher, and conductor. Zdechlik was elected to the American Bandmasters Association in 1989. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His best known work was Chorale and Shaker Dance.

In 1970, Zdechlik began his career as a teacher at Lakewood Community College (now Century College) in White Bear Lake, Minnesota. For thirty years he was a conductor, professor, music department chair, and resident composer. He retired in 1997.

Zdechlik died on May 21, 2020 at his home in White Bear Lake, Minnesota, aged 83.

White Bear Lake, Minnesota

White Bear Lake is a city in Ramsey County in the state of Minnesota. A small portion of the city also in Washington County. The population was 24,883 at the 2020 census.

Susan Rothenberg

Susan Charna Rothenberg (January 20, 1945 – May 18, 2020) was an American contemporary painter, printmaker and sculptor. She was known for her iconic images of the horse.

Rothenberg’s first solo exhibition in New York in 1975. After moving to a ranch near Galisteo, New Mexico, her paintings reflected life in the Southwestern United States.

Rothenberg died at her home in Galisteo on May 18, 2020, at the age of 75.

Galisteo, New Mexico

Galisteo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States. It is part of the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 253 at the 2020 census.

Bruce Nauman

Bruce Nauman (born December 6, 1941) is an American artist. His works focused on many medias including sculpture, photography, neon, video, drawing, printmaking, and performance. He was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

In the 1960s, Nauman began to exhibit his work at Nick Wilder's gallery in Los Angeles and in New York at Leo Castelli in 1968 along with early solo shows at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Whitney Museum in 1972. His "Self Portrait as a Fountain" (1966) shows the artist spouting a stream of water from his mouth. 

Nauman lives near Galisteo, New Mexico. He was married to artist Susan Rothenberg from 1989 until her death in 2020.

Jim McDermott

James Adelbert McDermott (born December 28, 1936) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1989 to 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

He served on the House Ways and Means Committee and was a member of the House Progressive Caucus. He was formerly the committee chairman, then in 1995, ranking minority member on the House Ethics Committee. 

On January 4, 2016, he announced his retirement.

Nancy Johnson

Nancy Elizabeth Lee Johnson (born January 5, 1935) is an American politician. Johnson was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 2007.

Wolcott, Connecticut

Wolcott () is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. It had a population of 16,142 at the 2020 census.

Civil township

In the United States, the term civil township is used for a form of government below the county level. In some places, the name "town" is used instead. About twenty states use the term civil township.

Escape from Red Rock

Escape from Red Rock is a 1957 American western movie directed by Edward Bernds and starring Brian Donlevy, Eilene Janssen, Jay C. Flippen, William Edward Phipps, Myron Healey, Dan White, Zon Murray, Frank Marlowe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Philip Coggan

Philip Coggan is a British financial writer and news correspondent. He has written extensively for the weekly newspaper The Economist. He also worked for the Financial Times newspaper from 1986 to 2006.

Philip Coggan was educated at the University of Cambridge. In 2006, he was named as the "Journalist of the Year" by the CFA Institute.

Paul Myners, Baron Myners

Paul Myners, Baron Myners (1 April 1948 – 16 January 2022) was a British businessman and politician. He was the Financial Services Secretary in the UK's finance ministry during the Labour Government of Gordon Brown.

He also served on the Prime Minister's National Economic Council and at present sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords. He has been working in the financial sector since 1974 and was a chairman of the Low Pay Commission. He also served as the chairman of the Guardian Media Group which publishes "The Guardian" and "The Observer" newspapers in the United Kingdom.

Myners died at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London, on 16 January 2022, at the age of 73.

Eye of Providence

The Eye of Providence, also known as the All-Seeing Eye of God is a symbol that is often used in a religious context. Very often, it is shown as a single human eye, surrounded by triangle and rays of light or glory. It is often seen as a symbol for knowledge, trinity or for a god that "sees all". The most common depiction of the Eye of Providence is in the back of the Great Seal of the United States, which is depicted on the United States one-dollar bill. In a Christian context, it is often inside a triangle, where the triangle represents the Trinity. Freemasons also use the symbol, there it stands for knowledge.

David Marsh

David Wayne Marsh is a British financial writer and business consultant. In 2000, he was appointed as a Commander of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE).

David Marsh was educated at the Queen's College, Oxford. He started his career as a financial writer for the Reuters. From 1978 to 1995, he worked in the Financial Times newspaper in their France and Germany office.


Colin Welch

Colin Welch (born James Colin Ross Welch (23 April 1924 – 28 January 1997) was an English political journalist. He was the son of James William Welch and Irene Margherita (née Paton).

Christi Bardecki

Christienne Bardecki is a Canadian water polo player.
She was part of the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, 2002 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 2003 World Aquatics Championships, and 2003 Pan American Games.

She played for York University's women's water polo team and University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Isabelle Fack

Isabelle Fack (born September 28, 1970) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships and 2003 World Aquatics Championships.


Gaelle De Rycke

Gaelle De Rycke (born 20 October 1981) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

On a club level, she played for Union Saint-Bruno.


Cécile Busteau

Cécile Busteau is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

Viktoria Bujka

Viktoria Bujka is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for ETV Hamburg.


Sabine Kottig

Sabine Kottig is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship.


Mariana Resstom

Mariana Resstom is a Brazilian water polo player. She competed at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

Bernice Cowton

Bernice Cowton is a British water polo player. She competed for Great Britain in the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for City of Sheffield Water Polo Club.


Ruth Hawney

Ruth Hawney is a British water polo player. She was part of the Great Britain women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.


Luciane Maia

Luciane Maia (born 1 April 1988 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

The Secret of Convict Lake

The Secret of Convict Lake is a 1951 American western movie directed by Michael Gordon and starring Ethel Barrymore, Ann Dvorak, Glenn Ford, Gene Tierney, Max Wagner, Jack Lambert, Zachary Scott, Barbara Bates, Helen Westcott. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Völuspá

Vǫluspá is the first and best known poem of the Poetic Edda. It tells the story of the creation of the world and its coming end, related to the audience by a völva addressing Odin. It is one of the most important primary sources for the study of Norse mythology.

Sariwon

Sariwŏn () is the capital of North Hwanghae Province, North Korea. In 2008, there were 307,764 people living there.

Dearborn Heights, Michigan

Dearborn Heights is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. As of the 2020 census, 63,292 people lived in Dearborn Heights.

Cyrus Cylinder

The Cyrus Cylinder () or Cyrus Charter ( "") is a very old clay cylinder, which is now broken into many pieces. It has writing on it in the Akkadian language in the name of Persia's Achaemenid king Cyrus the Great. It was made in the 6th century BC. It was found near the ruins of Babylon, Mesopotamia (now in Iraq) in 1879. It is currently in the British Museum in London.

Song Ha-yoon

Song Ha-yoon (born Kim Mi-sun on December 2, 1986) is a South Korean actress. Her first stage name was Kim Byul, but she changed it to Song Ha-yoon in 2012. She is best known for being in the drama "Fight for My Way" (2017).

Spaghetti (disambiguation)

Spaghetti is a long thin form of pasta.

Spaghetti or spaghetto may also refer to:





Hebrew Poetry

Many parts of the Hebrew Bible are written as poetry. One of the main features of the Hebrew poetry is parallelism of thought. The Book of Psalms and the Book of Proverbs are almost all poetry. Some of the Prophetic books also have poetic sections. Even the Book of Genesis includes some poems, or songs and they are sometimes called. 

Unlike English poetry, and that of many cultures, Hebrew poetry does not rhyme words. Neither is rhythm or meter often used. Instead alternate lines of the poem have a related thought. This is called parallelism. One advantage of this type of poetry is that it is easy to make a translation that keeps the idea or teaching of the original language. That is much more difficult to do if the translation has to make words rhyme or follow a metrical pattern. Several types of parallelism can be found in Biblical poetry.These include:


Another example of synonymous parallelism comes in Isaiah (Isaiah 2:4) or Book of Micah (Micah 4:3)




Blue-Zoo Productions

Blue-Zoo Productions is a UK-based computer animation studio. Blue-Zoo is mainly known for producing children's TV series, advertising commercials and short films. Some of the more popular children's shows the studio has produced are Miffy and Friends, Alphablocks, Digby Dragon and Miffy's Adventures Big and Small. The company operates from a studio in Fitzrovia, London, where they have a team of over 100 artists. It later opened up a new studio, adjacent to its main studio, specializing in 2D animation. 



Drancy

Drancy is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Dugny

Dugny is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Épinay-sur-Seine

Épinay-sur-Seine is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Gagny

Gagny is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.



Gournay-sur-Marne

Gournay-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. It is located from the center of Paris.

L'Île-Saint-Denis

L'Île-Saint-Denis is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Les Lilas

Les Lilas is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Livry-Gargan

Livry-Gargan is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Agencourt

Agencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Côte-d'Or department in the eastern part of France.

Quetigny

Quetigny is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Conch Republic

The Conch Republic is a micronation secession of the city of Key West, Florida, from the United States on April 23, 1982. Since then, the term "Conch Republic" has expanded to refer to "all of the Florida Keys".

While the protests that created the Conch Republic have been described by some as "tongue-in-cheek," they were caused by frustrations over real concerns. The original protest event was caused by a U.S. Border Patrol roadblock and checkpoint that was inconvenient to residence.

The Conch Republic celebrates its Independence Day every April 23 as part of a week-long festival of activities involving numerous businesses in Key West. The organization — a "Sovereign State of Mind", seeking only to bring more "Humor, Warmth and Respect" to a world in sore need of all three according to its late Secretary General, Peter Anderson — is a key tourism booster for the area.

Montfermeil

Montfermeil is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Catlin, Illinois

Catlin is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Taliaferro County, Georgia

Taliaferro County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 1,559 people lived there. The county seat is Crawfordville.

Gopurangal Saivathillai

Gopurangal Saivathillai is a 1982 Tamil language drama film written and directed by Manivannan. The film features Mohan, Suhasini and Radha in lead roles, while S. Ve. Shekher and Vinu Chakravarthy play supporting roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 October 1982. This was Manivannan's first film as director. It was remade in Telugu as Mukku Pudaka with Bhanu Chander, Suhasini and Vijayashanti, while Suhasini reprising her role from the original. It was remade in Kannada as Brahma Gantu (1985), and in Hindi as Naseeb Apna Apna (1986).

Arukkani is an illiterate village girl, and her father is upset at having not been able to find her a suitable groom. One day, her father meets his old friend Bhoothalingam and shares his sadness with him; Bhoothalingam proposes that his son Murali marry her, and Arukkani's father accepts. Murali is a handsome, educated man and a successful sales manager. On hearing of his father's plans, he is excited to meet his future bride. However, on his wedding day, he is shocked to see Arukkani, whom he considers ugly. He only begrudgingly marries her. Murali continues to resent her deeply for the way she looks.

Later, Murali takes a transfer through work to Bangalore, leaving behind his father and wife. In Bangalore, he becomes friendly with his modern and stylish colleague, Julie. They fall in love and marry, which means that Murali is cheating on Arukkani. Julie and Murali start their life. Two months later, Murali gets a telegram that his mother is sick and rushes home to find that it was a ruse. His dad forces him to take Arukkani with him to Bangalore. Grudgingly Murali brings her to Bangalore and purposefully loses her in the railway station. However, as a twist of fate, Julie's elder brother Stanley meets Arukkani and brings her to their house that night. Arukkani is shocked upon discovering the truth but keeps quiet on her husband's name to save Murali. Julie hires Arukkani as a stay in maid until her supposed husband returns. She eventually transforms Arukkani into a brown-skinned beauty and somewhat civilised girl.

A month later, both Arukkani and Murali's fathers make a visit to them. Arukkani's father discovers the truth and is shocked to the core, but Arukkani convinces him to not to reveal the truth to Murali's father, fearing for her husband's safety. Arukkani's father agrees with a heavy heart. He convinces Murali's father to leave at midnight so as to leave the couple at privacy. Both Murali and Stanley start to like Arukkani. Finally, Julie learns the truth and sends Murali away with Arukkani, keeping her own pregnancy a secret.

Bob Northern

Robert Northern (May 21, 1934 – May 31, 2020), known professionally as Brother Ah, was an American jazz French hornist. He was born in North Carolina and raised in New York City. 

In the 1970s he released several albums as a bandleader; his 1974 release "Sound Awareness" featured Max Roach and M'Boom. He taught at Dartmouth College from 1970 to 1973, Brown University from 1973 to 1982 and then at the Levine School of Music in Washington, D.C. from 1982.

Northern was also the founder of the World Music Ensemble. 

Northern died in Washington D.C. on May 31, 2020 of respiratory failure aged 86.

National Assembly (Slovenia)

The National Assembly (, or ; Slovene abbreviation DZ), is the general representative body of Slovenia. In the Constitution of Slovenia and the Constitutional Court of Slovenia, it is the major part of the bicameral Slovenian Parliament, the legislative branch of the Republic of Slovenia. 

It has 90 members, elected for a four-year term. 

Vice President of Peru

The Republic of Peru has two Vice Presidents who are elected along with the President in democratic elections. Their only mission is to replace the President in case of death, resignation or removal from office.

The Vice Presidents are first in the Presidential line of succession.

Historically, the job only had one Vice President, which was in place between 1829–1831 and 1858–1862. The two Vice Presidential positions of First and Second Vice Presidents have been in place since 1862.

David Waisman

David Waisman Rjavinsthi (born 4 May 1937) is a former Peruvian politician who was the First Vice President of Peru from 2004 to 2006 under President Alejandro Toledo. Previously, he was the Second Vice President of Peru from 2001 to 2004 also under Alejandro Toledo, a member of Possible Peru until the party was dissolved in 2017, and also a Congressman from 2000 to 2011.

On 28 July 2001, Waisman became Second Vice President of Peru in Alejandro Toledo's government. He was in office from 2001 to 2004. On 14 December 2004, the First Vice President of Peru, Raúl Diez Canseco, resigned from office and thus, Waisman became the First Vice President until 28 July 2006.

In 2006, he was initially appointed by Possible Peru as a presidential candidate but independent Jeanette Emmanuel later replaced him as Perú Posible's candidate. With her withdrawal, Rafael Belaúnde was appointed as the new candidate, but he also withdrew. He instead ran for Congress, and was successfully re-elected as one of the only 2 congressman from Perú Posible, aside from Carlos Bruce.

He is considering running for Vice President once more in the upcoming early 2011 elections alongside Luis Castañeda, after having switched from Perú Posible due to irreconcilable differences with Toledo, to Partido Solidaridad Nacional. He lost his Congressional seat consequently.

Luis Giampietri

Luis Alejandro Giampietri Rojas (31 July 1940 – 4 October 2023) was a Peruvian navy officer and politician. He is a member of the Peruvian Aprista Party. Giampietri ran successfully as Alan García's first running mate in the 2006 Peruvian election, and was sworn in on 28 July 2006 and served until 28 July 2011. He was also elected as Congressman representing the Constitutional Province of Callao for the 2006-2011 term. He lost his seat in the 2011 elections when he ran for re-election under the Radical Change party, but he received a minority of votes and the Radical Change failed to pass the electoral threshold and subsequently lost it's registration the following year. Before he served as Vice President and Congressman, Giampietri was a Lima City Councilman from 1999 to 2002, elected under the Fujimorist Vamos Vecino, close to-then President Alberto Fujimori.

Giampietri was one of the naval officers implicated in the massacre on El Frontón, a prison island off the coast of Callao. The massacre took place during Alan García's administration, on June 18, 1986, after Shining Path prisoners staged an uprising at El Frontón and two other prisons. All the prisoners involved in the rebellion were killed, and Human Rights Watch claimed that evidence suggested that "no fewer than ninety" of the prisoners killed were victims of extrajudicial executions.

Giampietri died in Lima on 4 October 2023, at the age of 83.

Son of Luis Giampietri Berenice and Rosa Rojas Lapoint, he was born in the Bellavista district, Callao. He studied at the San José Maristas schools in Callao and at the Colegio de la Inmaculada.

He entered the Naval School of Peru, from where he graduated as a Bachelor of Naval Sciences in 1960. Later, he would graduate as a Navy Diver, to later specialize in Demolition and Special Operations. In 1968 he would follow the Basic General Staff Course, in 1974, he would graduate from the Advanced General Staff course at the Higher School of Naval Warfare, in 1983 he would study the High Command course at the same school.

Javier Alva Orlandini

Javier Alva Orlandini (December 11, 1927 – June 1, 2020) was Peruvian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the political party Popular Action. He was the 2nd Vice President of Peru during the government of Fernando Belaúnde from 1980 to 1985. He later served as President of Peru's Constitutional Tribunal from 2002 to 2005.

He wrote several books, including "Responding to the Dictatorship", "Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow", the "Vicious Circle", "I Minister", "Word of Honor" and "Yes I swear", and numerous legal articles. The audits, representative legislative, legal, academic and professional are of extensive quality and are recognized by the Peruvian people and their various institutions that have given many honorary degrees.

He was the 2nd Vice President of Peru during the government of Fernando Belaúnde from 1980 to 1985.

Throughout his life he became a Deputy from 1963 to 1968, Minister of Government and Police from 1965 to 1966, Senator from 1980 to 1985 and from 1990 to 1992, President of the Senate from 1981 to 1982, and Congressman from 1995 to 2000.

He ran for President in 1985, but got 4% of the popular vote, losing to Alan García.

Congress of the Republic of Peru

The Congress of the Republic of Peru () is the unicameral body that is legislative power in Peru. 

The current Congress of Peru, sworn in after the 2020 elections, was elected after the dissolution of the previous Congress by President Martin Vizcarra. 

Congressmen serve for a five-year term and can be re-elected as many times as they want even though this is very rare. Elections for congress happen at the same time as the election for president. 

In 2020, Mirtha Vásquez was elected President of the Congress.

The Bridges of Madison County (movie)

The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama movie based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller. 

It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions, and distributed by Warner Bros. Entertainment. 

The movie was produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with Kathleen Kennedy as co-producer. 

The movie is about an Italian war bride, Francesca Johnson (Meryl Streep), who lives with her husband and two children on their Iowa farm. In 1965, she meets "National Geographic" photojournalist, Robert Kinkaid (Eastwood).

The movie earned $182 million worldwide. Streep received an Academy Award for Best Actress nomination in 1996 for her performance in the movie.

Thembelihle Mkize

Thembelihle Mkize (born 24 November 1995) is a South African water polo player.

She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Lennie Niehaus

Leonard Niehaus (June 11, 1929 – May 28, 2020) was an American saxophonist, arranger, and composer. He played with the Stan Kenton big band, Ray Vasquez Trombonist and Vocalist, Phil Carreon Orchestra, and other jazz bands. He was a movie score composer and worked many times with Clint Eastwood.

Niehaus died on May 28, 2020 under hospice care in Redlands, California from heart disease at the age of 90.

Lee-Anne Keet

Lee-Anne Keet (born 12 October 1982) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Ingvar Ericsson (runner)

Ingvar Axel Harald Ericsson (31 August 1927 – 14 May 2020) was a Swedish middle-distance runner. He was in the 1500 m event. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics and finished eighth in 1952. 

At the European championships he was seventh in 1950 and fourth in 1954. Ericsson won the national 1500 m title in 1952, 1954 and 1955. He was a firefighter by profession.

Asif Farrukhi

Asif Aslam Farrukhi (), was a Pakistani writer and editor. He was a physician by training. He translated books from English into Urdu. He edited anthologies of Pakistani writers. He also wrote for Dawn and other newspapers, and periodicals on literature. He received the Tamgha-e-Imtiaz, the fourth highest civilian honour of Pakistan.

Farrukhi was born on 16 September 1959. He died on 1 June 2020 in Karachi, aged 60.

Joey Image

Joey Image (born Joey Poole; 5 March 1957 – 1 June 2020) was an American punk rock drummer. He joined the Misfits in November 1978. He was the drummer for both the "Horror Business" and "Night of the Living Dead" in 1979. He was born in Weehawken, New Jersey.

In 2016, he was diagnosed with liver cancer. Image died on 1 June 2020 in Florida from the disease, aged 63.

Tarryn Schooling

Tarryn Schooling (born 18 January 1991) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Lee Grosscup

Clyde Lee Edward Grosscup (December 27, 1936 – June 1, 2020) was an American football player and broadcaster. He was born in Santa Monica, California. Grosscup played for the New York Giants from 1959 to 1961. He spent one season calling AFL games for NBC. He retired in 2018.

Grosscup died on June 1, 2020 from problems caused by a fall in Utah, aged 83.

Janez Kocijančič

Janez Kocijančič (October 20, 1941 – June 1, 2020) was a Slovene politician and lawyer. He was also the President of the Slovenian Olympic Committee from 1991 to 2014. From 1993 to 1996, he was Deputy.

Kocijančič died on June 1, 2020 in Ljubljana, aged 78.

Kimberly Schmidt

Kimberly Schmidt (born 22 September 1983) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Anke Jacobs

Anke Jacobs (born 28 July 1987) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships and 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.


Myroslav Skoryk

Myroslav Skoryk (, 13 July 1938 – 1 June 2020) was a Ukrainian composer and teacher. His music is contemporary. He was born in Lwów, Ukraine. 

Skoryk was awarded the titles People's Artist of Ukraine and Hero of Ukraine. In April 2011 Skoryk was made artistic director of Kyiv Opera, a position he held until 2016. He also taught at the Lviv and Kyiv conservatory.

Skoryk died on 1 June 2020 in Kyiv, Ukraine at the age of 81.

Maurice Dayan

Maurice Dayan (25 January 1935 – 2 May 2020) was a French psychoanalyst and university professor. He taught psychology at the University of Montpellier, then at Paris Descartes University. Dayan then was a professor of psychopathology at Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, then at Paris Diderot University. 

From 1995 to 2000, he directed the Laboratoire de psychanalyse et de psychopathologie, which was created by Laplanche in 1970.

Dayan died on 2 May 2020 at the age of 85.

Aldir Blanc

Aldir Blanc Mendes (2 September 1946 – 4 May 2020) was a Brazilian songwriter. He co-composed many songs with singer-songwriter João Bosco, guitarist Guinga, and others. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Elis Regina recorded several of his songs such as "O bêbado e a equilibrista". 

Blanc's work from 1972 to 1987, he was analyzed by Charles A. Perrone in "Masters of Contemporary Brazilian Song MPB 1965–1985".

Blanc died of COVID-19 on 4 May 2020 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 73.

Sergei Adian

Sergei Ivanovich Adian, also Adyan (; ; 1 January 1931 – 5 May 2020) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician. He was a professor at the Moscow State University. He was known for his work in group theory, especially on the Burnside problem.

Adian died on 5 May 2020, aged 89.

Georg Ernst Stahl

Georg Ernst Stahl (22 October 1659 – 24 May 1734) was a German chemist, physician, and philosopher. He supported vitalism. His works on the phlogiston theory were used to explain chemical processes until the late-18th century.

Abraham Yakin

Abraham Yakin (; 31 July 1924 – 10 May 2020) was an Israeli artist.

Abraham Yakin was born in Jerusalem. He started his artistic training at Bezalel Academy after World War II. Yakin joined the Israel Defense Forces after Israel declared independence. 

He had his first exhibition in 1953. In 1957 he married Hannah. In 1961, Yakin won the international Adolphe Neumann Prize in Paris. His works are in the Israel Museum, Jerusalem, the Musee d'Art Juif, Paris, and several museums in the Netherlands.

Yakin died on 10 May 2020 in Jerusalem, aged 95.

Derek Lawrence

Derek John Lawrence (16 November 1941 – 13 May 2020) was an English record producer. He was famous for his work for Joe Meek's Outlaws, Deep Purple, Flash, Machiavel and Wishbone Ash.

Lawrence died on 13 May 2020 in Peterborough, England at the age of 78.

Clive Limpkin

Clive Limpkin (1937 – 13 May 2020) was a British photojournalist and writer. He worked as a photojournalist for "The Sun" in the 1960s and 1970s before joining the "Daily Mail". He also worked as a freelance photographer for the "Daily Express", "The Sunday Times", and "The Observer".

Limpkin died at his home in London of brain cancer on 13 May 2020 at the age of 82.

Ronald Ludington

Ronald Ludington (September 4, 1934 – May 14, 2020) was an American figure skating coach and pair skater. He worked with his wife Nancy Rouillard Ludington. He was the 1960 Olympic bronze medalist, 1959 World bronze medalist, and a four-time U.S. national champion. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Ludington died on May 14, 2020 in Newark, Delaware at the age of 85.

Peggy Etiebet

Peggy Etiebet (born 19 March 1976) is a British water polo player and coach. She competed for Great Britain in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

On a club level, she played for Szentesi VK. She coached for the Senior Women's Water Polo team. 

She is a barrister.

Magnetic susceptibility

Magnetic susceptibility shows whether a material is attracted into or repelled out of a magnetic field. It is a term in electromagnetism.

It can be measured. Magnetic susceptibility is a prediction of how magnetised a material will get in a magnetic field. It shows whether a material will be attracted or repelled by a magnet.

Hassan Hosny

Hassan Hosny () (June 19, 1936 – May 30, 2020) was an Egyptian actor and comedian. He was known for his roles in "El Nazer" ("The headmaster") (2000), "El basha telmiz" (2004) and "Zaky Chan" (2005). He was known as the Joker of Egyptian cinema. He was born in Cairo.

Hosny died of a heart attack in Cairo on May 30, 2020 at the age of 88.

Lily Lian

Lily Lian (1 May 1917 – 24 May 2020) was a French singer. She was seen as one of the last street singers of Paris. She worked with Édith Piaf, Tino Rossi, Maurice Chevalier, and Yves Montand. For two years, she was the mistress of actor and music composer Vincent Scotto. Lian made many appearances on his show, titled "La Chance aux chansons".

Lian died on 24 May 2020 in Ivry-sur-Seine, France at the age of 103.

Osia Lewis

Osia Lewis (December 3, 1962 – May 31, 2020) was an American professional arena football player. He played four seasons in the Arena Football League with the Chicago Bruisers and Albany Firebirds. He played college football at Oregon State University. He was born in Anchorage, Alaska.

Lewis died May 31, 2020 from liver cancer in Nashville, Tennessee, aged 57.

Claire Nixon

Claire Nixon (born 14 November 1993) is a British water polo player. She competed for Great Britain in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She was born in Stafford, Staffordshire. She was educated at Great Wyrley High School. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


Aine Hoy

Aine Hoy (born 16 October 1987) is a British water polo player. She competed for Great Britain in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

At the club level, she played for Olympic Nice Natation.


Barun, India

Barun is a small town in Bihar in the District Aurangabad.
Barun is located 133.7 km (83.1 mi) from Patna Junction station and 11.6 km (7.2 mi) from Aurangabad. The bridge No. 4 for crossing over the Son river is 2.5 km (1.6 mi) away and Dehri-on-sone across river is 5.4 km (3.4 mi) away.
The Pincode of Barun is 824112. Barun is located just 2 km (1.2 mi) away from Grand Trunk Road, which crosses over Sone River to Dehri.

Arisney Ramos

Arisney Ramos (born 11 May 1989) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sayaun Thunga Phulka

"Sayaũ Thũgā Phūlkā" (, ; "Made of Hundreds of Flowers"), has been the national anthem of Nepal since August 2007, replacing ""Rāṣṭriya Gān"" after a change in regime. The lyrics (words) were written by Byākul Māilā and the music was composed by Amber Gurung.


The Virgin Queen (movie)

The Virgin Queen is a 1955 American period drama movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Bette Davis, Rod Taylor, Richard Todd, Joan Collins, Nelson Leigh, Herbert Marshall, Jay Robinson, Dan O'Herlihy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1956.


Unikitty!

Unikitty! (stylised as UniKitty!) is an American-Danish-Canadian animated television series produced by The Lego Group and Warner Bros. Animation for Cartoon Network.

Princess Unikitty (voiced by Tara Strong) <br>
Prince Puppycorn (voiced by Grey DeLisle) <br>
Dr. Fox (voiced by Kate Micucci) <br>
Hawkodile (voiced by Roger Craig Smith)<br>
Richard (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) <br>
Master Frown (voiced by Eric Bauza <br>
Brock (voiced by H. Michael Croner)


Someone Like You (movie)

Someone Like You is a 2001 American romantic comedy movie directed by Tony Goldwyn and based on the 1998 novel "Animal Husbandry" by Laura Zigman. It stars Ashley Judd, Ellen Barkin, Greg Kinnear, Hugh Jackman, Marisa Tomei, Laura Regan, Peter Friedman and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Jebel Irhoud

Jebel Irhoud (or Adrar Ighud, Berber: "") is an archaeological site. It is just north of Tlet Ighoud, about south-east of Safi in Morocco. 

The site is noted for the hominin fossils that have been found there since its discovery in 1960. Originally thought to be Neanderthals, the specimens have since been assigned to "Homo sapiens" and have been dated to roughly 300,000 years ago ( for the Irhoud 3 mandible, based on other fossils and the flint artefacts found nearby). 

Hank Mason

Henry Mason (June 19, 1931 – May 29, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a relief pitcher with the 1958 and 1960 Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball. He began his career with the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League. He was a starting pitcher in the 1954 East-West Game. Mason was born in Marshall, Missouri.

Mason died on May 29, 2020 in Richmond, Virginia at the age of 88.

Broken Silence

Broken Silence is a 1996 Swiss drama movie directed by Wolfgang Panzer and stars Martin Huber, Ameenah Kaplan, Michael Moriaty. It was distributed by Camera Obscura.

Marshall, Missouri

Marshall is a city in Saline County, Missouri, United States. The population was 13,806 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Saline County. 

Akalla

Akalla is a district of Sweden, west of Stockholm. About 9,100 people live in Akalla, from many different countries and cultures. The type of houses in Akalla are mostly high rises, and terraced houses. In the centre of Akalla there are restaurants, stores, schools, and pre-schools.

There are four primary schools in Akalla, the most important are Oxhagsskolan and Akalla Grundskola. 

There are three nature reserves around Akalla. 

Akalla is on the blue line of the metro system. 

Most of Akalla voted for the Social democratic party. 

The footballer Robin Quaison and the rapper Dree Low come from Akalla.

Jared Fogle

Jared Scott Fogle (born August 23, 1977) is an American former spokesperson for Subway and a convicted sex offender. In the 2000s, he was used to market the promotion of healthy eating with Subway.

Born in Indianapolis, Fogle graduated from North Central High School and Indiana University in 1995 and 2000, respectively. He drew the attention of Subway and the media when an acquaintance wrote an article in the "Indiana Daily Student" about Fogle losing , which he attributed to eating Subway sandwiches. Subway hired Fogle as a spokesperson in 2000, and he was featured in much of the company's advertising from 2000 to 2015; he appeared in Subway commercials, was parodied in an episode of "South Park", and had appearances in the "Sharknado" film series, among others.

Fogle's role as a spokesperson with Subway ended in 2015 after he was investigated for paying for sex with minors and receiving child pornography; he had been the subject of a long-running investigation by the FBI since 2007. On August 19, 2015, he agreed to plead guilty in federal court to possessing child pornography and traveling to pay for sex with minors. Fogle formally pleaded guilty to the charges on November 19 of that year, and was sentenced to serve 15 years, 8 months in federal prison, with a minimum of 13 years before becoming eligible for early release.

You vs. Wild

You vs. Wild is a 2019 American/British/Canadian adventure reality television series on Netflix. The show lets the person watching play a game with Bear Grylls. The game is played by making decisions to help Grylls survive and complete missions in harsh, scary environments. Grylls asks the person watching what to do next, like if he should climb a cliff or move along a coastline. The show came out on April 10, 2019 and has eight episodes.



Antonia's Line

Antonia's Line (Original title: Antonia) is a 1995 Dutch Belgian drama movie directed by Marleen Gorris and starring Willeke van Ammelrooy, Els Dottermans, Jan Decleir, Victor Löw, Johan Heldenbergh, Dora van der Groen. It was distributed by Asmik Ace Entertainment and won an Academy Award in 1996.

The Assault (1986 movie)

The Assault is a 1986 Dutch World War II drama movie directed by Fons Rademakers and based on the novel of the same name by Harry Mulisch. It stars Derek de Lint, Marc van Uchelen, Monique van de Ven, John Kraaijkamp, Huub van der Lubbe and was distributed by Cannon Films. It won an Academy Award in 1987.


Character (movie)

Character () is a 1997 Dutch Belgian period drama movie directed by Mike van Diem and based on the novel of the same name by Ferdinand Bordewijk. It stars Jan Decleir, Fedja van Huêt, Betty Schuurman, Victor Löw, Hans Kesting and won an Academy Award in 1998.


Yol

Yol () is a 1982 Turkish Swiss drama movie directed by Şerif Gören and Yılmaz Güney and stars Tarık Akan, Şerif Sezer, Halil Ergün, Meral Orhonsay.

Prime Cut

Prime Cut is a 1972 American crime thriller movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Lee Marvin, Gene Hackman, Sissy Spacek, Angel Tompkins, Howard Platt, Eddie Egan, Les Lannom. It was distributed by National General Pictures.


Aliannis Ramírez

Aliannis Ramírez (born 23 September 1997) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Dianela Fría

Dianela Fría (born 8 July 2000) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Cecilia Díaz

Cecilia Díaz Mesa (born 19 June 1996) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Daniuska Carrasco

Daniuska Carrasco (born 7 August 1997) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sodom (band)

Sodom is a thrash metal band from Gelsenkirchen in Germany. The band was formed in 1981.




Thaimí González

Thaimí González (born 6 November 1995) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Vampyr

Vampyr is a 1932 German Danish French horror movie directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and based on the 1872 story by Sheridan Le Frau. It stars Nicolas de Gunzburg, Rena Mandel, Sybille Schmitz, Maurice Schutz.


Dalia Grau

Dalia Grau Quintero (born 1 February 1995) is a Cuban water polo player. She was a member of the Cuba women's national water polo team at the 2019 Pan American Games and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Morgane Chabrier

Morgane Chabrier (born 17 October 1993) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Bridge to Nowhere

Bridge to Nowhere is a 1986 New Zealand American horror thriller movie directed by Ian Mune and starring Bruno Lawrence, Matthew Hunter, Margaret Umbers, Shelly Luxford, Stephen Judd, Philip Gordon. It was distributed by Mirage Films.


Kenting Music Festival

Kenting Music Festival, is also known as Kenting Spring Scream Music Festival. Pingtung county government in Taiwan hosts this event in April every year. Hotels and resorts in Hengchun Peninsula sponsor this event.

The Kenting Music Festival originated as Chun Na , a local musical event, in 1995. Two Americans: Jimi and Wade, hosted the first Chun Na at Liufu Mountain Villa in Kenting. Taiwan's popular musical bands and singers such as Mayday, Sodagreen, and Zhang Huimei had all participated in Chun Na before they became famous .

Sandgrouse

The sandgrouse is any one of the sixteen species of a family of ground-dwelling birds known as the Pteroclidae. They usually occur in steppe-like environments, with large open spaces, and few if any trees. They occur mostly in Africa and Asia. Some species also live on the Iberian peninsula, and in France. They mostly eat seeds.

McFarland &amp; Company

McFarland & Company, Inc. is an independent book publisher in Jefferson, North Carolina. They focus on academic and reference books, as well as general interest nonfiction for adults. Its president is Rhonda Herman. Its former president and current editor-in-chief is Robert Franklin, who created the company in 1979. McFarland has about 50 employees, and has published 7,800 books. McFarland's initial print is about 600 copies per book.

McLaren Automotive

McLaren Automotive is an English sports car company. It is based in Woking, Surrey. It is owned by McLaren Group. It was started as McLaren Automotive on 2 December 1985, and was renamed in 2010 to McLaren Automotive. 1962

Arrogate

Arrogate (April 11, 2013 – June 2, 2020) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the 2016 Travers Stakes in a track record in his first stakes appearance. He then won the Breeders' Cup Classic and was named the American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse and World's Best Racehorse of 2016. 

He won the 2017 Pegasus World Cup in a new track record followed by a win in the Dubai World Cup. 

Arrogate was euthanized after falling in his stable on June 2, 2020 at the age of 7.

Héctor Suárez

Héctor Suárez Hernández (October 21, 1938 – June 2, 2020) was a Mexican actor and comedian. Suárez was best known for many roles in Mexican comedy. He also starred in "Cesar Chavez". He was known for his roles in "National Mechanics", "El buscabullas" and "El derecho de nacer".

Suárez died on June 2, 2020 in Mexico City from bladder cancer, aged 81.

Carlo Ubbiali

Carlo Ubbiali (22 September 1929 – 2 June 2020) was an Italian nine-time World Champion motorcycle road racer. In the 1950s, he was a known sportsperson in the smaller classes of Grand Prix motorcycle racing. He won six 125cc and three 250cc world titles. He was born in Bergamo, Italy.

Ubbiali died on 2 June 2020 in Bergamo of respiratory failure, aged 90.

Wes Unseld

Westley Sissel Unseld (March 14, 1946 – June 2, 2020) was an American professional basketball player, coach and executive. He spent his entire National Basketball Association (NBA) career with the Baltimore/Capital/Washington Bullets. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

Unseld played college basketball for the Louisville Cardinals and was selected with the second overall pick by the Bullets in the 1968 NBA draft. He was named the NBA Most Valuable Player.

Unseld won an NBA championship with the Bullets in 1978. After retiring from playing in 1981, he worked with the Bullets as a vice president, head coach and general manager.

Unseld was added into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1988 and the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006.

Unseld died of pneumonia on June 2, 2020 at the age of 74.

Lorene Derenty

Lorene Derenty (born 4 September 1994) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Marion Tardy

Marion Tardy (born 12 July 1993 in Saint-Jean-d'Angély) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. 

On the club level, she played for Lille Métropole Water-Polo. 

Lucie Cesca

Lucie Cesca (born 26 November 1994) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Sonia Bouloukbachi

Sonia Bouloukbachi (born 10 January 1996) is a French water polo player. She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Willie Francis

Willie Francis (January 12, 1929 – May 9, 1947) is best known for surviving a failed execution by electrocution in the United States. He was a juvenile offender sentenced to death at age 16 by the state of Louisiana in 1945. He was found guilty for the murder of Andrew Thomas, a Cajun pharmacy owner in St. Martinville who had once employed Francis. Francis was 17 when he survived the first attempt to execute him because the chair did not work correctly. He tried to appeal his case to the US Supreme Court, but the Supreme Court rejected it. He was executed in 1947 at age 18.

In 1944, Andrew Thomas, a pharmacist in St. Martinville, Louisiana, was shot and killed. His murder was unsolved for nine months. However, in August 1945, Willie Francis was arrested in Texas because he was a suspect for an unrelated crime. Police said that he was carrying Thomas' wallet in his pocket, but no evidence of this was given during the trial. 

Even though he wrote two confessions, Francis said he was not guilty. During his trial, the court-chosen defense attorneys had no objections, called no witnesses, and put up no defense. Francis' confessions were not questioned by the defense, although he had no counsel at the time. Two days after the trial began, Francis was quickly convicted of murder. He was sentenced to death by twelve jurors and the judge, even though Francis was 15 years old at the time of the crime.

On May 3, 1946, Francis survived an attempt at execution by the electric chair. Witnesses said they heard Francis scream from behind the leather hood, "Take it off! Take it off! Let me breathe goddammit!" as the electricity was being used. The electric chair, known as "Gruesome Gertie," was found to have been set up incorrectly by a drunk prison guard and inmate from the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola. The sheriff, E.L. Resweber, later said, "This boy really got a shock when they turned that machine on."

After the failed execution, a young lawyer named Bertrand DeBlanc, decided to take Francis' case. He believed it was cruel and unusual punishment, as prohibited in the Constitution, to have him be executed again. DeBlanc took Francis' case to the Supreme Court in "Francis v. Resweber", 329 U.S. 459 (1947). He cited many violations of his Fifth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendment rights. These included violations of equal protection, double jeopardy, and cruel and unusual punishment.

The US Supreme Court rejected the appeal. Willie Francis was returned to the electric chair on May 9, 1947. He was pronounced dead in the chair at 12:10 p.m. (CST).



Lockheed Martin Transit Center

Lockheed Martin Transit Center is a light rail and transit bus station ran by Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), located in Sunnyvale, California. This station is served by the Orange Line of the VTA Light Rail system.

The land for the transit center was donated by Lockheed Martin during the planning of VTA's Tasman West light rail extension.

National Mechanics

National Mechanics (Spanish:"Mecánica nacional") is a 1972 Mexican comedy drama movie directed by Luis Alcoriza and starring Manolo Fábregas, Lucha Villa, Héctor Suárez, Sara García, Alma Muriel, Pancho Córdova, Aurora Clavel, Alejandro Ciangherotti.

Yuko Umeda

Yuko Umeda (born 4 March 1994) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Dear Gorbachev

Caro Gorbachev (internationally released as Dear Gorbachev) is a 1988 Italian drama movie directed by Carlo Lizzani and starring Harvey Keitel, Flaminia Lizzani, Gianluca Favilla.

Tsubasa Mori

Tsubasa Mori (born 18 October 1991) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Leningrad Cowboys Go America

Leningrad Cowboys Go America is a 1989 Finnish–Swedish comedy movie directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Matti Pellonpää, Kari Väänänen, Sakke Järvenpää, Sakari Kuosmanen, Nicky Tesco. It was distributed by Finnkino and was followed by 1994 sequel "Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses".


Mitsuki Hashiguchi

Mitsuki Hashiguchi (born 14 February 1994) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Yumi Nakano

Yumi Nakano (born 1 July 1986) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Ayaka Takahashi

Ayaka Takahashi (born 28 May 1992) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


El buscabullas

El buscabullas ("Brawlers") is a 1976 Mexican western drama movie directed by Raúl de Anda, Jr. and starring Rodolfo de Anda, Héctor Suárez, Silvia Manríquez, Jorge Russek. It was distributed by Cine Visión.

Lovefool

"Lovefool" is a song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for Swedish rock band The Cardigans' third studio album, "First Band on the Moon" (1996). It was released as the album's lead single on 14 September 1996 in the United Kingdom and internationally on 5 October 1996.

Jacques Noyer

Jacques Moïse Eugène Noyer (17 April 1927 – 2 June 2020) was a French Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of Amiens from 31 October 1987 to 10 March 2003. He was born in Le Touquet, France.

He was a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 1993.

Noyer died on 2 June 2020 in Le Touquet at the age of 93.

Jacques Gaillot

Jacques Gaillot (; 11 September 1935 – 12 April 2023); generally known in French as Monseigneur Gaillot) was a French Catholic clergyman and social activist. He was Bishop of Évreux in France from 1982 to 1995. In 1995, Pope John Paul II removed him as head of his diocese.

He is known as the "The Red Cleric". He was born in Saint-Dizier, Champagne.
Gaillot died on 12 April 2023, at the age of 87.

Lucha Villa

Luz Elena Ruiz Bejarano (born November 30, 1936), more commonly known by her stage name Lucha Villa, is a Mexican singer and actress. She was born in Camargo, Chihuahua. Her music genre isRegional Mexican. Her best known role is as Isabel in the 1972 movie "National Mechanics".


Power (movie)

Power is a 1986 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Richard Gere, Gene Hackman, Julie Christie, Denzel Washington, Kate Capshaw, Beatrice Straight, E. G. Marshall, Fritz Weaver, J. T. Walsh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Vengeance of She

The Vengeance of She is a 1968 British fantasy adventure movie directed by Cliff Owen and starring John Richardson, Olga Schoberová, Edward Judd, André Morrell, Colin Blakley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and is a loose sequel to the 1965 movie "She".

Moe Nakata

Moe Nakata (born 2 June 1991) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.


Zanne Smit

Zanne Smit (born 3 March 2001) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Nelumbo indica

Nelumbo Indica, or Nelumbo speciosa, also known as Indus Valley lotus, Sindhu lotus, Sindhi lotus, Bean of Pakistan, Pakistani bean or simply Asiatic white lotus, is one of two extant Asian species of aquatic plant in the family Nelumbonaceae. It is indigenous in the Indus delta of the lower Indus ecoregion, Arabian Sea, Pakistan. It has a very wide native distribution, ranging from eastern, central and northern Pakistan (at altitudes up to in the Western Himalayas through southern plains of the Punjab and Sindh, it is also the ""Provincial flower of Sindh"" respectively. 

Christine Abrahamse

Christine Abrahamse (born 18 January 1998) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Chloe Meecham

Chloe Meecham (born 16 February 1999) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Nicola Macleod

Nicola Macleod (born 14 May 1997) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for University of Cape Town.


The Woman Inside

The Woman Inside is a 1981 Canadian American drama movie directed by Joseph Van Winkle and starring Gloria Manon, Leo Köppen, Dane Clark, Joan Blondell, Michael Champion. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jordan Wedderburn

Jordan Wedderburn (born 30 December 2002) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Kate Hinrichs

Kate Hinrichs (born 16 February 2000) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Long Island University's women's volleyball team.


Răscoala

Răscoala is a 1965 Romanian drama movie directed by Mircea Mureșan and starring Matei Alexandru, Ion Besoiu, Adriana Bogdan, Emil Botta, Ilarion Ciobanu.

Lucy Miszewski

Lucy Miszewski (born 16 February 2000) is a South African water-polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Georgia Moir

Georgia Moir (born 5 December 1997) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Emma Joubert

Emma Joubert (born 18 June 1998) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sartrouville

Sartrouville is a French commune. It is in the Yvelines department.

About 51,967 people lived here in 2017.

Its inhabitants are called the "Sartrouvillois".

A Sound of Thunder

"A Sound of Thunder" is a short story by Ray Bradbury. It was first published in 1952 in "Collier's" magazine. "A Sound of Thunder" is a science fiction story with time travel.

In the year 2055, some men run a time travel company taking tourists back in time to hunt dinosaurs and other animals in the past. They are careful to only kill animals that are about to die anyway and not to change anything in the past because they know that could change the present. The day after a United States presidential election, they take customers back in time to kill a "Tyrannosaurus rex". One customer is careless and steps on a butterfly, killing it. When they return to the present, they find that the outcome of the election the day before has changed—a dictator was elected President of the United States.

In 2004, "A Sound of Thunder" was made into a movie. The movie did not do well.

In the Halloween 1994 episode of "The Simpsons", Treehouse of Horror V, Homer Simpson goes back in time over and over and accidentally kills things, changing the present each time. The story was called "Time and Punishment."

Workplace bullying

Workplace bullying is bullying that occurs in the workplace.

Berrien, Finistère

Berrien is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Beuzec-Cap-Sizun

Beuzec-Cap-Sizun () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bodilis

Bodilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bohars

Bohars () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bolazec

Bolazec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Botmeur

Botmeur () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Botsorhel

Botsorhel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bourg-Blanc

Bourg-Blanc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brasparts

Brasparts () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brélès

Brélès () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Brennilis

Brennilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Briec

Briec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages

Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Brignogan-Plages (the seat) and Plounéour-Trez.

Camaret-sur-Mer

Camaret-sur-Mer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Carantec

Carantec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Carhaix-Plouguer

Carhaix-Plouguer () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Cast, Finistère

Cast () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Châteauneuf-du-Faou

Châteauneuf-du-Faou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Cléden-Cap-Sizun

Cléden-Cap-Sizun () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.


Cléden-Poher

Cléden-Poher () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Cléder

Cléder () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Clohars-Carnoët

Clohars-Carnoët () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. It has two small harbours: Le Pouldu and Doëlan.

Clohars-Fouesnant

Clohars-Fouesnant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Cloître-Pleyben

Le Cloître-Pleyben () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Cloître-Saint-Thégonnec

Le Cloître-Saint-Thégonnec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Coat-Méal

Coat-Méal () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Collorec

Collorec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Combrit

Combrit () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Commana

Commana () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Abdollah Javadi Amoli

Abdollah Javadi Amoli () is an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja. He is a conservative Iranian politician, philosopher and one of the prominent Islamic scholars of the Hawza in Qom. The official website for his scientific foundation, Isra, describes him as a well-known, outstanding thinker in various fields of Islamic sciences and a distinguished figure in exegesis, jurisprudence, philosophy and mysticism. It is further states that his ideas and views have been reinforcing the Islamic Republic of Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, and that "his strategic and enlightening guidance" has been "extremely constructive" during the past three decades.

Nouveau riche

The word nouveau riche (French for "new rich" or "new wealthy") in English is used in a pejorative manner to describe people who managed to accumulate a large sum of money and wealth within their own generation (such as by winning in lottery or through prosperous businesses, for example), unlike the "vieux riche" ("old money", "old rich"), whose net worth was acquired through inheritance and come from generations, and are often perceived to lack the refinement and etiquette traditionally attributed to the old rich by the latter.

Sociologically speaking, "nouveau riche" refers to a person who formerly had belonged to a lower social class and economic stratum within that class; and that the new money, which constitutes his/her wealth, granted them upward social mobility and provided the means for conspicuous consumption, the buying of goods and services that signal membership in the upper class.


Le Blanc

Le Blanc is a commune. It is found in the region Centre-Val de Loire in the Indre department in the center of France.

Cahokia, Illinois

Cahokia is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Soft landing (rocketry)

A soft landing is a completely controlled landing of a rocket that does not harm anything.

PRA Group

PRA Group is a company based in Virginia which collects nonperforming loans. It was one of the largest debt buyers in the US. 

PRA Group was initially traded as "Portfolio Recovery Associates" in March 1996. It was founded by Kevin Stevenson and Steve Fredrickson. Later, the companystarted purchasing debts and formed as an incorporation in May 1996.

Allie LaForce

Alexandra L. LaForce (born 1988) is a journalist and beauty pageant titleholder from Vermilion, Ohio.

She is a reporter for Turner Sports, covering the "NBA on TNT". She was previously the lead reporter for SEC college football games, a courtside reporter for college basketball games, and the host of "We Need to Talk" on the CBS Sports Network. LaForce also worked as a broadcast sports anchor and reporter for the Cleveland, Ohio, FOX affiliate WJW.

She won Miss Ohio Teen USA 2005, and subsequently, Miss Teen USA 2005. The following year, she crowned Katie Blair as the next Miss Teen USA.

She donated to Cleveland´s healthcare workers in April 2020 amidst the COVID-19 panic. 

She is the wife of Joe Smith, an athlete, who she married in 2015.


Irbid Governorate

The Irbid Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Irbid.

Ajloun Governorate

The Ajloun Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Ajloun.

Jerash Governorate

The Jerash Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Jerash.

Mafraq Governorate

The Mafraq Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Mafraq, which is known for its military bases.

Concarneau

Concarneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Neuilly-Plaisance

Neuilly-Plaisance is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Mauvezin, Gers

Mauvezin is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.

Bellegarde, Gers

Bellegarde is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.

Zarqa Governorate

The Zarqa Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Zarqa.

Liberty County, Georgia

Liberty County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 65,256 people lived there. The county seat is Hinesville.

The Buddy System (movie)

The Buddy System is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Glenn Jordan and starring Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Nancy Allen, Jean Stapleton, Wil Wheaton, Edward Winter, Milton Selzer.


Southeast Europe

Southeast Europe or Southeastern Europe is a relatively recent political designation mostly for the countries of the Balkans.

From the 1990s onwards, in part due to the negative historical and political connotations of the term "Balkans", especially since the wars and massacres of the 1990s in Yugoslavia in the western half of the region, the term "Southeast Europe" is becoming increasingly popular.

Nthatisi Mota

Nthatisi Mota (born 12 April 2000) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Hotchkiss School.

Bridget Layburn

Bridget Layburn (born 27 June 2001) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Westlake Girls High School. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


Kate Enoka

Kate Enoka (born 5 April 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Sacred Heart College, Lower Hutt. She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team. She coaches at Tauranga Water Polo club.


Edgbaston

Edgbaston is an area of Birmingham, England. It is one of the richest areas of the city and there are many expensive houses. Edgbaston Cricket Ground is here, which is well known around the world. The University of Birmingham is also nearby.

Amanda Lemon

Amanda Lemon (born 16 July 1987) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Kaitlyn Howarth

Kaitlyn Howarth (born 9 January 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Rangitoto College.


Grace Tobin

Grace Tobin (born 9 June 1997) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Kristin School.


Katie McKenty

Katie McKenty (born 30 January 1996) is a New Zealand water polo player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019, 2022, 2023 and 2024 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at Takapuna Grammar School. She played for Hartwick College's women's water polo team.


Morgan Mcdowall

Morgan Mcdowall (born 29 March 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Elizabeth Alsemgeest

Elizabeth Alsemgeest (born 9 January 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for St Cuthbert's College, Auckland.


Moral Orel

Moral Orel is a 2005-2008 American adult black comedy stop motion animated TV series which aired in Adult Swim. It's about a young boy named Orel who lives in an fictional city of Moralton, in a fictional state called Statesota in a Christian household with his father, mother and younger brother. 


Cadbury

Cadbury is a British chocolate company. Since 2010 it has been owned by Mondelez International (originally Kraft Foods) 

John Cadbury a Quaker who sold tea, coffee and drinking chocolate opened a grocers shop in 1824. Cadbury developed the business with his brother Benjamin, followed by his sons Richard and George. It quickly became the biggest chocolate maker in the world. George developed the Bournville estate, a model village designed to give the company's workers improved living conditions. Dairy Milk chocolate, introduced by George Jr in 1905, used more milk in the recipe than rival products. By 1914, it was the company's best-selling product. Successive members of the Cadbury family have invented new chocolate products. Cadbury, Rowntree's and Fry's were the big three British confectionery manufacturers in the 19th and 20th centuries. Cadbury was granted its first royal warrant from Queen Victoria in 1854. It held a royal warrant from Elizabeth II from 1955 to 2022. Cadbury merged with J. S. Fry & Sons in 1919, and Schweppes in 1969. It was known as Cadbury Schweppes until 2008, when the American beverage business was split as Dr Pepper Snapple Group; the rights ownership of the Schweppes brand had already differed between various countries since 2006. In 1992, Sir Adrian Cadbury, chairman of the company for 24 years, produced the Cadbury Report, a code of best practice which served as a basis for reform of corporate governance around the world. Cadbury was in the FTSE 100 on the London Stock Exchange from when it started in 1984 until the company was bought by Kraft Foods Inc. in 2010.

42nd parallel north

The 42nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 42 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, the Mediterranean Sea, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 15 minutes during the summer solstice and 9 hours, 7 minutes during the winter solstice.

Spencer Dryden

Spencer Charles Dryden (April 7, 1938 – January 11, 2005) was an American musician. He is best known as a drummer for Jefferson Airplane and New Riders of the Purple Sage. He also played with the Dinosaurs and the Ashes (later known as the Peanut Butter Conspiracy). He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.

Dryden was born in New York City. His father was actor and director Wheeler Dryden. He was also a nephew of British actor Charlie Chaplin. He was married three times and had three sons.

On January 11, 2005, Dryden died from metastasized colon cancer in Petaluma, California. He was 66.

Wide Blue Yonder (movie)

Wide Blue Yonder () is a 2010 Norwegian British black comedy movie directed by Robert Young and based on the play by Hugh Janes. It stars Brian Cox, Lauren Bacall, James Fox, Hege Schøyen, Ingrid Bolsø Berdal and it was distributed by Europafilm.


47th parallel north

The 47th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 47 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 54 minutes during the summer solstice and 8 hours, 31 minutes during the winter solstice.

13th meridian east

The meridian 13° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.

The 13th meridian east forms a great circle with the 167th meridian west.

20th meridian east

The meridian 20° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Atlantic and Indian oceans, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.

The 20th meridian east forms a great circle with the 160th meridian west.

Part of Namibia's borders with Botswana and South Africa are defined by the meridian. The boundary between the Atlantic Ocean and the Indian Ocean is defined by the meridian. The meridian defines the eastern limit of the New Swabia area in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.

Majek Fashek

Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly known as Majek Fashek (pronounced as "Ma-je-ko-dun-mi Ifa-kii-she-eke") (March 1963 – June 2, 2020) was a Nigerian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was best known in his home country for the 1988 album "Prisoner of Conscience", which included the multiple award-winning single "Send Down the Rain". He worked with Tracy Chapman, Jimmy Cliff, Michael Jackson, Snoop Dogg, and Beyoncé.
In the early eighties, Fashek, who at the time went by the stage name Rajesh Kanal, joined the group Jastix with McRoy Gregg, and Drummer Black ‘Rice. They were best known as the in-house band on the show "Music Panorama" on NTA Benin and toured with fellow reggae group "The Mandators". Jastix were also session musicians for upcoming reggae singer Edi Rasta, who would later be known as Evi-Edna Ogholi.

Majek Fashek attracted international attention, when his self-penned tune, “Send Down The Rain,” appeared to coax a rainstorm that ended one among the worst droughts in Nigeria's history.

Labeled a “prophet”, Fashek went on to become one among Africa’s greatest reggae-influenced performers. His debut solo album, Prisoner Of Conscience, released in 1988, sold quite 200,000 copies in Nigeria alone.

Fashek died in his sleep on 2 June 2020 in New York City from esophageal cancer, aged 57.

Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea

John Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea (6 June 1928 – 1 June 2020), commonly known as Nicolas Rea, was a British hereditary peer, doctor and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. 

Rea was acting sergeant in the Suffolk Regiment between 1946 and 1948. From 1957 to 1962, and from 1968 to 1993, he also worked as general practitioner in North London.

Rea was a member of Amicus, Healthlink Worldwide and the Mary Ward Centre. He was a fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine. He was a member of the House of Lords after the House of Lords Act 1999.

Rea died on 1 June 2020 at the age of 91.

Paolo Fabbri (semiotician)

Paolo Fabbri (17 April 1939 – 2 June 2020) was an Italian semiotician and professor. He was born in Rimini, Kingdom of Italy. 

Fabbri taught at the Italian Cultural Institute in Paris from 1992 to 1996. He also taught at the University of Florence, the University of Urbino, the University of Palermo, the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences, and the Collège international de philosophie. 

Fabbri died on 2 June 2020 in Rimini, aged 81.

Mary Pat Gleason

Mary Pat Gleason (February 23, 1950 – June 2, 2020) was an American actress and television writer. From 1983 to 1985, she appeared on "The Guiding Light" as Jane Hogan. She won an Emmy Award for television writing 1986. She appeared in a 1994 episode of "Friends" as Nurse Sizemore. Gleason was born in Lake City, Minnesota.

Gleason died on June 2, 2020 in Los Angeles, California from uterine cancer, aged 70.

Lake City, Minnesota

Lake City is a city in Goodhue and Wabasha counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It lies along Lake Pepin. The population was 5,252 at the 2020 census.

Jean-Claude Hamel

Jean-Claude André Adolphe Hamel (9 July 1929 – 2 June 2020) was a French businessman. He was the President of AJ Auxerre from 1963 to 2009. In 2002, he was made Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur. Hamel was born in Auxerre, France.

Hamel died on 2 June 2020 in Appoigny, France, aged 90.

Déjà Vu (1985 movie)

Déjà Vu is a 1985 British fantasy drama movie directed by Anthony B. Richmond and based on the novel "Always" by Trevor Meldal-Johnsen. It stars Jaclyn Smith, Nigel Terry, Shelley Winters, Claire Bloom and was distributed by Cannon Films.


Bruce Jay Friedman

Bruce Jay Friedman (April 26, 1930 – June 3, 2020) was an American novelist, screenwriter and playwright. He was born in New York City. He wrote the screenplay for "The Heartbreak Kid" (1972), "Stir Crazy" (1980), "Splash" and "The Lonely Guy" (both 1984). His best known play was "Steambath" (1970).

Friedman died on June 3, 2020 in New York City from problems caused by peripheral neuropathy, aged 90.

Jamie Cullum

Jamie Cullum (born 20 August 1979) is an English jazz-pop singer-songwriter, musician and radio presenter. He has recorded eight studio albums, three compilation albums, one live album and twenty-four singles. He began presenting a weekly Tuesday evening jazz show on BBC Radio 2 in 2010. He was born in Rochford, Essex.


Rochford

Rochford is a town in the Rochford district of Essex in the East of England. It is about from Central London. Its about from Chelmsford, the county town of Essex. According to the 2001 census, it had a population of 7,610.

Johnny Majors

John Terrill Majors (May 21, 1935June 3, 2020) was an American professional football player and college coach. He was born in Lynchburg, Tennessee.

He began as a halfback at the University of Tennessee. He was a two-time winner of the Southeastern Conference Most Valuable Player award, in 1955 and 1956. 

After playing one season in the Canadian Football League (CFL), Majors became a college assistant coach. He was the head coach at Iowa State University (1968–1972), the University of Pittsburgh (1973–1976, 1993–1996), and Tennessee (1977–1992). 

His 1976 Pittsburgh squad won a national championship. He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1987.

Majors died on June 3, 2020 at his home in Knoxville, Tennessee at the age of 85.

Knox County, Tennessee

Knox County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 478,971. Its county seat is Knoxville. 

Lynchburg, Tennessee

Lynchburg is a city in the south-central region of the U.S. state of Tennessee. Lynchburg is best known as the location of where Jack Daniel's created his famous Tennessee whiskey. The population was 6,461 at the 2020 census.

Moore County, Tennessee

Moore County is a county located in the south central part of the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,461. Its county seat of Lynchburg.

DeRay Mckesson

DeRay Mckesson (born July 9, 1985) is an American civil rights activist, podcaster, and former school administrator. He is a founding supporter of the Black Lives Matter movement. He has been active in the protests in Ferguson, Missouri, and Baltimore, Maryland and on social media such as Twitter and Instagram.

Mckesson has also written for "HuffPost" and "The Guardian". 

On February 3, 2016, Mckesson announced his candidacy in the for Mayor of Baltimore He finished with 3,445 votes (2.6%) placing sixth in the Democratic Party primary on April 26.

Mckesson was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Bowdoin College. He is openly gay.

Polysemy

Polysemy is the coexistence of many possible meanings for a word or phrase.

Queen Jetsun Pema

Jetsun Pema (Dzongkha: རྗེ་བཙུན་པདྨ་; Wylie: rje btsun padma; born 4 June 1990) is the Queen (Druk Gyaltsuen, which literally means “Dragon Queen”) of Bhutan, as the wife of King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck.

Jetsun Pema was born at Jigme Dorji Wangchuck National Referral Hospital in Thimphu on 4 June 1990. Her father, Dhondup Gyaltshen, is the grandson of two "Trashigang Dzongpons", Thinley Topgay and Ugyen Tshering (governors of Trashigang). Her mother, "Aum" Sonam Choki, comes from the family of Bumthang Pangtey, one of Bhutan's oldest noble families. Sonam Choki's father was a half-brother of two queens consort of Bhutan, Phuntsho Choden (great-grandmother of the present king) and her sister Pema Dechen.

Her ancestor is also the 48th Druk Desi and 10th Penlop of Trongsa Jigme Namgyal (father of King Ugyen Wangchuck and of her great-great-grandmother, "Ashi" Yeshay Choden). The King and Queen of Bhutan are distant cousins.

Jetsun Pema is the second eldest of five children. Her siblings are two brothers, Thinlay Norbu and Jigme Namgyel, and two sisters, Serchen Doma and Yeatso Lhamo (the eldest, who is the wife of the king's brother, Prince "Gyaltshab" Jigme Dorji Wangchuck).

Jetsun Pema's early education took place in Thimphu at the Little Dragon School, the Sunshine School (1995–96) and finally the Changangkha Lower Secondary School (1997–98). She then received a convent education at St. Joseph's Convent in Kalimpong, West Bengal, India, in 1999–2000. She pursued her secondary education at the Lungtenzampa Middle Secondary School in Thimphu from 2001 to 2005 and moved to The Lawrence School, Sanawar, in Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India, in April 2006. She joined Lawrence as a Class-XI student and studied English, history, geography, economics and painting. She completed her Higher Secondary education on 31 March 2008. She then began her tertiary education at Regent's College in London, where she graduated with a degree in international relations, with psychology and art history as minor subjects.

Title 

13 October 2011 Her Majesty Dragon Queen of the Kingdom of Bhutan 

Maria Alice Vergueiro

Maria Alice Monteiro de Campos Vergueiro (January 19, 1935 – June 3, 2020) was a Brazilian actress and theatre director. She was born in São Paulo, Brazil. Her best known roles were as Delegado's wife in "O Corpo" (1991) and as Motorista in "Cronicamente Inviável" (2000).

Vergueiro died on June 3, 2020 at a hospital in São Paulo from pneumonia, aged 85.

Sarah Jeffery

Sarah Marie Jeffery (born April 3, 1996) is a Canadian actress, singer and dancer. She is known for her work on the NBC series "Shades of Blue" and Disney Channel's "Descendants" franchise. She also plays Maggie Vera on the CW series "Charmed".

Madeleine Mantock

Madeleine Mantock (born 26 May 1990) is a British actress. She is known for her work on the television series "Into the Badlands" and a remake of the series "The Tomorrow People". She also stars in the lead role of witch Macy Vaughn on The CW series "Charmed". She was born in Nottingham, England.

Melonie Diaz

Melonie Diaz (born April 25, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in independent movies such as "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints" (2006) and "Fruitvale Station" (2013). She also stars in the lead role of witch Mel Vera on the television series "Charmed". She was born in New York City.

Questlove

Ahmir Khalib Thompson (born January 20, 1971), known professionally as Questlove (stylized as ?uestlove), is an American musician and music journalist. He is the drummer and one of the frontperson for the hip hop band, the Roots. The Roots is the in-house band for "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" since February 17, 2014. 

Questlove is also one of the producers of the cast album of the Broadway musical "Hamilton". He is the co-founder of the websites Okayplayer and OkayAfrica. 

He is an instructor at the Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music at New York University.

Phylicia Rashad

Phylicia Rashād ( ) (née Ayers-Allen; born June 19, 1948) is an American actress, singer and theatre director. She is known for her role as Clair Huxtable on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1984–92), which earned her Emmy Award nominations in 1985 and 1986. 

In 2004, Rashad became the first black actress to win the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for her role in the revival of "A Raisin in the Sun".

Soul (2020 movie)

Soul is a 2020 American computer-animated comedy movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation Studios that has been released by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It was directed by Pete Docter. It stars Jamie Foxx, Tina Fey, Questlove, Phylicia Rashad, Daveed Diggs, and Angela Bassett.

"Soul" was released on December 25, 2020 on Disney+. It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature in 2021.

Scoob!

Scoob! is a 2020 American computer-animated comedy Halloween mystery movie produced by Warner Animation Group and based on the "Scooby-Doo" franchise.

The movie is directed by Tony Cervone. It stars the voices of Frank Welker, Will Forte, Gina Rodriguez, Zac Efron, and Amanda Seyfried as the Mystery Gang with Mark Wahlberg, Jason Isaacs, Kiersey Clemons, Ken Jeong and Tracy Morgan as other Hanna-Barbera animated characters.

The movie is about the Mystery Gang and Blue Falcon trying to stop Dick Dastardly from opening the Underworld and releasing Cerberus.

"Scoob!" was released digitally via video on demand on May 15, 2020. It was initially set to play in theaters, but the theatrical release was canceled in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It recieved mixed reviews from critics.

In June 2021, Cervone said that a follow-up to the film was in development. 
On December 22, 2021, HBO Max released a sizzle reel featuring a first look at a Christmas sequel film, titled "Scoob! Holiday Haunt", which was set to be released on the service in December 2022. The film takes place after the events of the first film, with Welker and the adult actors from the previous film reprising their roles while Cervone returned to write the film with Paul Dini as well to produce the project. The film was co-directed by Bill Haller and Michael Kurinsky and had a production budget of $40 million. On August 2, 2022, Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) canceled its release, citing cost-cutting measures and a refocus on theatrical films rather than creating projects for streaming. Tony Cervone would go on to say on the same day that the project was "practically finished". Later that month, it was reported that the film would still be finished, even though Warner Bros. Discovery had no plans to release it. The film was finally finished on November 4, 2022.

This is a gallery of following photos from an untitled live action movie. 


Walnut Bread

Walnut Bread () is a 1978 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Arūnas Žebriūnas and starring Algirdas Latėnas, Saulius Sipaitis, Doloresa Kazragytė, Leonid Obolensky, Antanas Šurna.

Kiersey Clemons

Kiersey Nicole Clemons (born December 17, 1993) is an American actress and singer.

She is known for her roles in "," "Flatliners", "Hearts Beat Loud", and the 2019 remake of "Lady and the Tramp". She voiced the role of Dee Dee Skyes in the animated movie "Scoob!".

Clemons was cast as Iris West in the "Justice League", but her scenes were cut and later restored in the 2021 director's cut. She played the role again in the 2023 movie "The Flash".

Respect (2021 movie)

Respect is a 2021 American biographical drama movie directed by Liesl Tommy. It will be based on the life of singer Aretha Franklin. It stars Jennifer Hudson in the leading role. Forest Whitaker, Marlon Wayans, Audra McDonald, Queen Latifah, Marc Maron, Tituss Burgess, Tate Donovan, and Mary J. Blige also star.

The movie is scheduled to be released in the United States on August 13, 2021.

The Disaster Artist (movie)

The Disaster Artist is a 2017 American biographical comedy movie. It was directed by James Franco. The movie is based from Greg Sestero and Tom Bissell's 2013 non-fiction book of the same title. 

The movie is about an unlikely friendship between unknown actors Tommy Wiseau and Sestero that soon make the 2003 movie "The Room". 

"The Disaster Artist" stars brothers James and Dave Franco as Wiseau and Sestero alongside Alison Brie, Ari Graynor, Josh Hutcherson, Jacki Weaver, and co-producer Seth Rogen.

It was released on December 1, 2017 to strong positive reviews.

Respect (song)

"Respect" is a song written and originally released by American recording artist Otis Redding in 1965. The song became a 1967 hit and signature song for soul singer Aretha Franklin. In Franklin's version, the song is about a woman who wants her husband's respect. 

Franklin's version adds the "R-E-S-P-E-C-T" chorus and the backup singers'.

Christina Schollin

Christina Schollin (born Christina Alma Elisabet Schollin; 26 December 1937) is a Swedish actress. She is best known for her roles in "Dear John", "Song of Norway" and Ingmar Bergman's "Fanny and Alexander".

Hans Wahlgren

Hans Carl Gustav Wahlgren (born 26 June 1937) is a Swedish actor. He stars in the Swedish reality show "Wahlgrens värld" which is broadcast on Kanal 5. He voiced Charles Ingvar "Sickan" Jönssons in the computer games "" and "Jönssonligan går på djupet".

Wahlgren was born in Helsingborg, Sweden. He was raised in Gothenburg. In 1962, he married actress Christina Schollin. They have four children; including singer Pernilla.

The Fairfax Millions

The Fairfax Millions () is a 1980 Russian crime drama movie directed by Nikolai Ilinsky and based on the novel of the same name by Alan Winnington. It stars Juozas Budraitis, Juris Strenga, Gediminas Girdvanis, Galina Jovovich, Ivars Kalniņš, Yevgeny Vesnik, Helga Dantzberg and was distributed by Dovzhenko Film Studios.

Cohutta, Georgia

Cohutta is a town in Whitfield County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Dalton Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 764 at the 2020 census.

Whitfield County, Georgia

Whitfield County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census shows a population of 102,864. The county seat is Dalton. The county was created on December 30, 1851. 

Cyclone Nisarga

Severe Cyclonic Storm Nisarga was a tropical cyclone that hit the Indian state of Maharashtra. 

Nisarga was expected to hit the western coastline of India. On 2 June 2020, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) revisited Nisarga as severe cyclonic storm from cyclonic storm. It had its landfall in the coastal town of Alibag in Maharashtra on 3 June 2020.

It is the first super cyclonic storm to happen in the Bay of Bengal in the 21st century. Nisarga is the first severe cyclonic storm since 1891 to impact Mumbai.

Hannibal Buress

Hannibal Amir Buress (, born February 4, 1983) is an American actor, comedian, producer and writer. He has co-starred on Adult Swim's "The Eric Andre Show" since 2012. He also starred on Comedy Central's "Broad City" from 2014 to 2019.

Brutus Beefcake

Edward Harrison Leslie (born April 21, 1957) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his work in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring name Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake. 

He later worked for World Championship Wrestling (WCW). He was born in Tampa, Florida.

He was honored in the WWE Hall of Fame in 2019.

Orange Park, Florida

Orange Park is a town in Clay County, Florida, United States, and a suburb of Jacksonville. The population was 9,089 at the 2020 census.

Bridget Jones's Diary

Bridget Jones's Diary is a 2001 British American French romantic comedy movie directed by Sharon Maguire and based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Helen Fielding. It stars Renée Zellweger in her Oscar nominated role, Hugh Grant, Colin Firth, Jim Broadbent, Celia Imrie, James Faulkner, Shirley Henderson, James Callis, Ben Peyton, Donald Douglas, Embeth Davidtz, Felicity Montagu, Neil Pearson and was distributed by Miramax Films.

Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain

Alexander Mark David Oxlade-Chamberlain (born 15 August 1993) is an English professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Beşiktaş and the England national team.

Southampton

Arsenal

Liverpool

Individual

Virgins of Riga

Virgins of Riga is a 1996 Norwegian Latvian Swedish comedy movie directed by Emil Stang Lund and starring Aurelija Anuzhite, Uldis Dumpis, Jon Eikemo, Helge Jordal, Viggo Jønsberg, Ivars Kalnins, Nils Vogt.

Shinae Carrington

Shinae Carrington (born 18 October 2000) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2018 FINA Youth Water Polo World Championships, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 FINA World League.

She was educated at Diocesan School for Girls, Auckland. She plays for Marist University.

Simone van de Kraats

Simone van de Kraats (born November 15, 2000) is a Dutch water polo player. She plays for the Netherlands women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2019 World Water Polo Championship.

She plays for Ede Polar Bears. She previously played for De Waterkip. With Polar Bears, she won the Dutch championship in 2018.

Maartje Keuning

Maartje Keuning (born 26 April 1998) is a Dutch water polo player. She plays for the Netherlands women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She is a native of Stompetoren. She was educated at OSG Willem Blaeu. She played for University of Hawaii's women's water polo team. and CN Sant Andreu.


Axelle Crevier

Axelle Crevier (born 22 March 1997 in Montreal) is a female water polo player from Canada. She was a member of the Canada women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.


Kyra Christmas

Kyra Christmas (born 14 March 1997) is a female water polo player from Canada. She was a member of the Canada women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.


Rose Leslie

Rose Eleanor Arbuthnot-Leslie (born 9 February 1987) is a Scottish actress. She is known for her roles as Gwen Dawson in the ITV drama series "Downton Abbey" and as Ygritte in the HBO fantasy series "Game of Thrones". 

Downton Abbey

Downton Abbey is a British historical drama television series set in the early 20th century. It was created and co-written by Julian Fellowes. The series first aired on ITV in the United Kingdom on 26 September 2010, and in the United States on PBS on 9 January 2011.

On 26 March 2015, Carnival Films and ITV announced that the sixth series would be the last. It aired on ITV between 20 September 2015 and 8 November 2015. The final episode, serving as the annual Christmas special, was broadcast on 25 December 2015.

A movie version was released in the United Kingdom on 13 September 2019, and in the United States on 20 September 2019.

A second movie, Downton Abbey: A New Era, opened in the U.S. on May 18, 2022.


Castle Rock, Colorado

Castle Rock is a home rule municipality that is the county seat of Douglas County, Colorado, United States. It had a population of 73,158 at the 2020 United States Census. It is named for the castle-tower-shaped butte near the center of town. 

Castle Rock (Colorado)

Castle Rock is a butte in the Colorado Piedmont region of the Great Plains. The town of Castle Rock, Colorado is named after the butte.

Elyse Lemay-Lavoie

Elyse Lemay-Lavoie (born 12 November 1994) is a Canadian water polo player. She is a member of the Canadian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2017 FINA World League, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 FINA World League, 2019 FINA World League, and 2019 Pan-American Games.

She played for the Université de Montréal's women's water polo team and University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension

The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension is a 1984 American science fiction romantic comedy movie directed by W. D. Richter and starring Peter Weller, Ellen Barkin, John Lithgow, Jeff Goldblum, Christopher Lloyd, Vincent Schiavelli, Rosalind Cash, Clancy Brown, Robert Ito, Ronald Lacey, Billy Vera and Laura Harrington. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and became a cult classic.

Tom Hanks stated that he based his character on Elia Kazan, Jacques Cousteau, Albert Einstein, Leonardo da Vinci and Sting.

Hayley McKelvey

Hayley McKelvey (born 11 March 1996) is a water polo player from Canada. She was a member of the Canada women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for University of Southern California's women's water polo team.


Letícia Belorio

Letícia Belorio (born 22 January 2001) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.


Patriarch Pavle I

Patriarch Pavle and Patriarch Pavle I may refer to:


Jeff Kinney

Jeffrey Patrick Kinney (born February 19, 1971) is an American author and cartoonist. He is best known for creating the children's book series "Diary of a Wimpy Kid". He also created the child-oriented website "Poptropica".

Fort Washington, Maryland

Fort Washington is an unincorporated area and census-designated place in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It borders the capital of the United States, Washington, D.C.. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 24,261.

Upper Marlboro, Maryland

Upper Marlboro, officially the Town of Upper Marlboro, is the seat of Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The population within the town limits was 652 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Greater Upper Marlboro, Maryland

Greater Upper Marlboro is an area of Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It completely surrounds Upper Marlboro, the county seat. It was formerly a census-designated place (CDP), with a population of 18,720 at the 2000 census. 

Greater Upper Marlboro is located at .

Plainville, Massachusetts

Plainville is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population at the 2020 census was 9,945. Plainville is part of the Boston and Providence metropolitan areas.

Muscogee County, Georgia

Muscogee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. Its western border with the state of Alabama is formed by the Chattahoochee River. As of the 2020 census, the population was 206,922. Its county seat and only city is Columbus.

Dangerous Summer

Dangerous Summer () is a 2000 Latvian World War II drama movie directed by Aigars Grauba and starring Inese Cauna, Uldis Dumpis, Eduards Pāvuls, Jānis Reinis, Artūrs Skrastiņš.

Chattahoochee River

The Chattahoochee River forms the southern half of the Alabama and Georgia border. It is a tributary of the Apalachicola River. The Chattahoochee River is about long. 

The Chattahoochee, Flint, and Apalachicola rivers together make up the Apalachicola–Chattahoochee–Flint River Basin (ACF River Basin).

Apalachicola River

The Apalachicola River is a river, about 112 mi (180 km) long in the state of Florida. The river's large watershed, known as the ACF River Basin, drains an area of about into the Gulf of Mexico. 

The distance to its farthest head waters in northeast Georgia is about 500 miles (800 km). Its name comes from the Apalachicola people, who used to live along the river.

Peachtree Corners, Georgia

Peachtree Corners is a city that is a suburb of Atlanta northeast of that city and located in western Gwinnett County, Georgia. It is the largest city in Gwinnett County with a population of 42,243 in 2020. The city is bordered to the north and west by the Chattahoochee River and is located east of Dunwoody. 

Dunwoody, Georgia

Dunwoody is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. It is a northern suburb of Atlanta. As of 2020, the city has a population of 51,683.

O'Hara Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

O'Hara Township is a township with home rule status in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is six miles northeast of Downtown Pittsburgh. The population was 9,284 at the 2020 census.

Wendy Makkena

Wendy Rosenberg Makkena (born October 4, 1958) is an American actress. She has appeared in "Sister Act" (1992) and its sequel "" (1993), "Air Bud" (1997), "State of Play" (2009), and "A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood" (2019).

Sister Act

Sister Act is a 1992 American musical comedy movie directed by Emile Ardolino and written by Joseph Howard. It stars Whoopi Goldberg as a singer forced to join a convent after being placed in a witness protection program. It also stars Maggie Smith, Kathy Najimy, Wendy Makkena, Mary Wickes, and Harvey Keitel.

A sequel was released in 1993 titled "". A remake of "Sister Act" is in the works.

Emile Ardolino

Emile Ardolino (May 9, 1943 – November 20, 1993) was an American movie director, choreographer, and producer. He was best known for directing "Dirty Dancing" (1987) and "Sister Act" (1992). He was born in New York City.

Ardolino died of AIDS in Los Angeles on November 20, 1993 at the age of 50.


Madison, Connecticut

Madison is a town in the southeastern corner of New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 17,691 at the 2020 census.

Marc de Hond

Marc David de Hond (21 September 1977 – 3 June 2020) was a Dutch television presenter, businessman, writer, theatre performer and basketball player. He played for the Dutch wheelchair basketball team during the Paralympic Games. He was also a discjockey for radio 3FM and Caz!.

He presented on television programs such as "Expedition Unlimited" for LLiNK, "De Rekenkamer" for KRO at Nederland 3 and was the regular commentator for poker competitions at RTL 7. 

In 2002, de Hond became paralyzed because of a spinal cord caused by spinal cancer. In 2018, he was diagnosed with bladder cancer. de Hond died from the diseases on 3 June 2020 in Amsterdam, aged 42.

Marc de Hond was born in Amsterdam. He is of Jewish origin and son of television personality Maurice de Hond.

Magnavox

Magnavox (Latin for "great voice", stylized as MAGNAVOX or sometimes Magnavox) is an American electronics company. It was founded in 1917 by Edwin Pridham and Peter L. Jensen in the United States. In 1974, it became a subsidiary of Philips, a Dutch electronics corporation.

It is known for releasing the Magnavox Odyssey in 1972, the first commercial video game console.


Lima bean

The lima bean () ("Phaseolus lunatus"), also known as the butter bean, sieva bean, double Bean or Madagascar bean, is a legume grown for its edible seeds or beans.

Dzongkha

Dzongkha or Bhutanese (, ), is the national language of Bhutan.

Bhutanese

Bhutanese may refer to:

Fairchild Channel F

The Fairchild Channel F (also known as Channel F) is a home video game console. The "F" in the name stands for "Fun". It was designed by Jerry Lawson and released in November 1976 by Fairchild Camera and Instrument in the United States for a price of 169.95 $. It is the first console that uses ROM cartridges and a microprocessor. By 1977, 250,000 Fairchild Channel F consoles were sold. The production ended in 1983.

Many licensed versions were released in Europe. For example, the Luxor Video Entertainment System (Sweden), Adman Grandstand (United Kingdom), Saba Videoplay, Nordmende Teleplay, ITT Tele-Match Processor (Germany) and Dumont/Barco Videoplay (Italy and Belgium).

26 cartridges were officially released for the Fairchild Channel F. Some cartridges have several games included. Each cartridge was sold for 19.95 $. On November 5, 2009, a homebrew game, a version of Pac-Man, was released.


In 1979, the successor named Fairchild Channel F System II was released.


Aiding and abetting

"Aiding and abetting" is a crime. A person is guilty of aiding and abetting if they help someone else commit a crime, and then they do it. Some ways a person can aid and abet a crime are to help someone commit the crime, give someone advice on how to commit the crime, or pay them to commit the crime.

Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo

"Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" (also called "The Magic Song") is a novelty song. It was written in 1948 by Al Hoffman, Mack David, and Jerry Livingston. It was first used in the 1950 movie "Cinderella". In this movie, it was sung by the actress Verna Felton. The song is about the Fairy Godmother turning a pumpkin into a carriage, which is something that happens in the story of Cinderella.

Montaigu-Vendée

Montaigu-Vendée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Montaigu (the seat), Boufféré, La Guyonnière, Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu and Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay.

Sèvremont

Sèvremont is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of La Flocellière (the seat), Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur, La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre and Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure.

Neum

Neum is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Around it there is about of coastline which is the only access of this country to the Adriatic Sea.

Doix-lès-Fontaines

Doix-lès-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Doix (the seat) and Fontaines.

Chanverrie

Chanverrie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of La Verrie (the seat) and Chambretaud.

Les Achards

Les Achards is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of La Mothe-Achard (the seat) and La Chapelle-Achard.

Rives-d'Autise

Rives-d'Autise is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Nieul-sur-l'Autise (the seat) and Oulmes.

Balqa Governorate

The Balqa Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Salt.

Amman Governorate

The Amman Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The governorate's capital is the city of Amman, which is also the nation's capital.

Samsung Galaxy S6

The Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 or just GS6 is an Android-based smartphone developed, manufactured, released and marketed by Samsung Electronics. It is the successor to the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the predecessor to the Samsung Galaxy S7. It was unveiled on March 1, 2015 with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and released on April 5, 2015. On August 21, 2015, the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ was released.

The Samsung Galaxy S6 gained good reviews. It was critiziced for its battery, which is not able to keep the phone on as long as it could with the Samsung Galaxy S5. The battery can also no longer be replaced with a new battery, which means that as soon as the battery expires, the device will not function properly.

The capacitive touch keys of the S6 sometimes do not work. It is also possible that they do not light up or the brightness of the light varies.

After one month, 10 million Samsung Galaxy S6 units were shipped, 6 million of them were sold.


Madaba Governorate

The Madaba Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Madaba.

RCA Studio II

The RCA Studio II (also known as RCA Studio 2, Studio II or Studio 2) is a home video game console that was released in January 1977 by RCA. It could only display black and white graphics, similar to earlier Pong consoles.

The RCA Studio II has 5 games that are build in the ROM of the console itself. These were:


The following is a list of all RCA II games that were released on cartridges:



The successor of the RCA Studio II is the RCA Studio III. This console can display color and uses the RCA CDP-1802 as microprocessor.


Karak Governorate

The Karak Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Al Karak.

Tennis for Two

Tennis for two (also known as Computer Tennis) is a video game from 1958. It simulates a tennis game and is one of the oldest known games in the history of computer and video games.

American physicist William Higinbotham designed the game in 1958 to present it at the Brookhaven National Laboratory's annual public exhibition. The game was first shown on October 18, 1958.

Confort-Meilars

Confort-Meilars () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Conquet

Le Conquet () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Coray

Coray () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner

Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Thégonnec (the seat) and Loc-Eguiner-Saint-Thégonnec.

Crozon

Crozon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Tafilah Governorate

The Tafilah Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Tafilah.

Ma'an Governorate

The Ma'an Governorate () is one of the 12 governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Ma'an.

Daoulas

Daoulas () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Dinéault

Dinéault () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Long County, Georgia

Long County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 16,168 people lived there. The county seat is Ludowici.

Hardwicke, Stroud

Hardwicke is a village in Stroud. Its population as of the 2011 census was 4,783.

Dirinon

Dirinon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

De Soto, Illinois

De Soto is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Treutlen County, Georgia

Treutlen County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 6,406 people lived there. The county seat is Soperton.

Oak Grove, Arkansas

Oak Grove, Arkansas may refer to:
or


Z.P.G.

Z.P.G. (short for Zero Population Growth) is a 1972 Danish–American science fiction movie directed by Michael Campus and starring Oliver Reed, Geraldine Chaplin, Diane Cilento, Don Gordon. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Santa Sangre

Santa Sangre (Holy Blood) is a 1989 Mexican-Italian horror thriller movie directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky and starring Axel Jodorowsky, Adán Jodorowsky, Blanca Guerra, Guy Stockwell, Thelma Tixou, Sergio Bustamante, and Gloria Contreras.


The Vanishing (1988 movie)

The Vanishing (, literally: "Traceless" or "Without a Trace") is a 1988 Dutch–French thriller movie directed by George Sluizer and adapted by the novella "The Golden Egg" by Tim Krabbé. It stars Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu, Gene Bervoets, Johanna ter Steege, Gwen Eckhaus. It was remade in 1993.


Joe Smith (pitcher)

Joseph Smith (born March 22, 1984) is a baseball player who has played for several teams.

He lives in Ohio, with his wife, news reporter and beauty pageant titleholder Alexandra LaForce.

His networth is estimated at $11, 812, 500.

Smith´s horoscope is Aries, the bull.

He is presently a pitcher for the Houston Astros. He previously played for the New York Mets, Cleveland Indians, Los Angeles Angels, Chicago Cubs, and Toronto Blue Jays.

It was in December of 2017 he signed a 2-year contract with the Astros.
Smith first began his career with Brooklyn (A) of the New York–Penn League by allowing two runs, one earned, in one inning of work against the Staten Island Yankees on June 21. He was named one of the top 20 prospects in the New York–Penn League by "Baseball America". When Duaner Sánchez was hurt during a taxi cab incident in 2006, Mets general manager Omar Minaya considered recalling Smith to the Majors. But ultimately, the Mets traded for Roberto Hernández and Óliver Pérez to give Smith more time in the minors. On March 24, 2007, after a strong spring training, it was announced Smith would be on the Mets' 25-man roster. On April 1, 2007, Smith made his major league debut. He struck out one (Preston Wilson) and walked one (Albert Pujols). He also gave up a single to David Eckstein. Smith earned his first major league win on April 24, 2007 after coming on in relief in the 12th inning. Smith enjoyed much success in the beginning of 2007, but began to tire and was sent down to the minors at mid year. Smith was with the Mets for all of the 2008 season, enjoying varied success. He went 6–3 in 63.3 innings with an ERA of 3.55.

On December 10, 2008, Smith was traded by the Mets to the Cleveland Indians as part of a twelve-player, three-team deal. On January 18, 2013, the Cleveland Indians announced they had avoided arbitration with Smith, signing him to a one-year contract worth $3.15 million.

Smith became a free agent following the 2013 season, but expressed interest in remaining with the Tribe.

On November 24, 2013, Smith reportedly agreed to a three-year contract for $15 million with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, pending the completion of a physical. On November 27, 2013, the Angels confirmed that the team and Smith agreed to the terms. On April 25, 2014, Smith was named the Angels' new closer after multiple struggles by former closer Ernesto Frieri. After the Angels traded for San Diego Padres' All-Star closer Huston Street on July 18, 2014, Smith was moved to an eighth-inning setup role. Smith finished with 15 saves in 76 games to the tune of a 1.81 ERA.

Smith's numbers in 2015 went up as his ERA and WHIP from the previous season. He played uptil June 2016, when he had a hamstring injury.

On August 1, 2016, the Angels traded Smith to the Chicago Cubs for prospect Jesus Castillo. In 16 more appearances with the Cubs to finish 2016, Smith had a 1-1 record and a 2.51 ERA. Overall in 2016, combined with both teams he played for, Smith made 54 total appearances with a 1-4 record and a 3.82 ERA. Smith was a member of the Cubs' 2016 World Series championship team, but did not make any postseason appearances.

On February 9, 2017, Smith signed a one-year, $3 million contract with the Toronto Blue Jays. Smith became the Blue Jays setup man early in the season, after Jason Grilli struggled in the role and Joe Biagini was moved to the starting rotation. He was placed on the 10-day disabled list on June 19 with shoulder inflammation. In 38 games, he was 3-0 with a 3.28 ERA in 35 ⁄ innings.

On July 31, 2017, the Blue Jays traded Smith to the Cleveland Indians for Thomas Pannone and Samad Taylor. In 18 ⁄ innings, he had an ERA of 3.44 for the Indians.

On December 13, 2017, Smith signed a two-year contract with the Houston Astros worth $15 million. In his first season in Houston, Smith appeared in 56 games, recording a record of 5-1 in 45 ⁄ innings with a 3.74 ERA. On December 13 while working out, Smith suffered a ruptured left Achilles tendon. He underwent surgery for it on December 20.

In 2019 he was 1-0 with a 1.80 ERA in 28 relief appearances in which he pitched 25.0 innings.

On December 16, 2019, Smith resigned with the Astros on a two-year contract worth $8 million.

Mylla Bruzzo

Mylla Bruzzo (born 20 April 1999) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Samantha Ferreira

Samantha Ferreira (born 7 December 1997) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.


Kemily Leão

Kemily Leão (born 22 March 2000) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Lorena Borges

Lorena Borges (born 16 February 1996) is a Brazilian water polo player. She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at the 2015 FINA World Women’s Junior Water Polo Championships and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Melani Dias

Melani Dias (born 14 November 1991) is a Brazilian water polo player.

She was part of the Brazilian women's water polo team at World Championships, most recently at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Alexandre Gaiscoigne

Alexandre Gaiscoigne (born 20 September 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She studied at University of Pretoria.


Deborah O'Hanlon

Deborah O'Hanlon (born 25 February 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo Cup and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Lindsay Killeen

Lindsay Killeen (born 20 June 1995) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

SpaceCamp

SpaceCamp is a 1986 American family adventure movie directed by Harry Winer and starring Kate Capshaw, Kelly Preston, Larry B. Scott, Lea Thompson, Tate Donovan, Joaquin Phoenix, Tom Skerritt. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Delicious One

The Delicious One, otherwise known as TDO for short, is the mascot of Wienerschnitzel. He is an anthropomorphic chili dog. Almost everybody wants to eat the Delicious One due to him being a hot dog; his famous trademark is when he runs off screaming.

In 1997, Creative Director Courtney Betley and Senior Art Director Julia Cadar set out to create the World's Most Wanted Wiener for Wienerschnitzel, with TDO coming to mind. The character of The Delicious One (or TDO) began as a Claymation character, created and voiced by Luke Thomas and developed by Loose Moose in London (who was beginning work in the United States) in 1999. This early version of TDO had misread every situation; somewhat naive, TDO thought everyone always wanted him around due to his delightful personality and charm, only to quickly discover in almost every situation that they wanted to him for more nefarious reasons (i.e. they wanted to eat him). He was constantly on the run, trying to escape the clutches of hungry people.

Shortly after TDO's fame, Wienerschnitzel released antennas with TDO holding a small, yellow box with a scared expression. There are alternate versions of this antenna (one with TDO wearing an Uncle Sam hat). TDO was last featured in the advertisements in 2008.

In 2011, Wienerschnitzel released antennas called the Golden Wienie.

In January 2014, following public demand, Wienerschnitzel re-introduced TDO in a 2D-animated version, with Justin Roiland taking over from Luke Thomas. TDO has only been in this animated form or as a costume. Some Wienerschnitzel fans have made petitions demanding his return in CGI capacity and Thomas' reprisal.

In the commercials featuring the Delicious One, the Wienerschnitzel slogan "The World's Most Wanted Wiener" (which is also one of the alternative names for the Delicious One) is used. This is an outdated slogan, and the only time it is used now is in those commercials. Here are the commercials with the Delicious One:



Sunday Drive

Sunday Drive is a 1986 American television family comedy movie directed by Larry Brand and starring Tony Randall, Carrie Fisher, Audra Lindley, Ted Wass, Hillary Wolf, Norman Alden. It was distributed by Walt Disney Television.


Las fuerzas vivas

Las fuerzas vivas ("The Living Forces") is a 1975 Mexican action comedy movie directed by Luis Alcoriza and starring Héctor Ortega, Héctor Lechuga, David Reynoso, Armando Silvestre.

Martin Klebba

Martin Klebba (born June 23, 1969) is an American actor with dwarfism.

Klebba was born and grew up in Troy, Michigan on June 23, 1969, graduating from Athens High School. 

, he was engaged to Michelle Dilgard, mentioning in an interview that in his free time, he likes to play video games with his son when he visits and spend time with his fiancée. Martin is the father of son Alec and daughter Makenzie.

Klebba runs a nonprofit foundation called Coalition for Dwarf Advocacy, which gives 100% of its donations to the cause of helping little people.

Klebba is a supporter of Donald Trump and has been since his 2016 campaign.

Werner Böhm

Werner Böhm, better known under his artist name Gottlieb Wendehals (5 June 1941 – 2 June 2020) was a German singer and musician. He was born in Toruń, "Thorn" in the German-occupied Poland.

In the late 1950s, Böhm was pianist with the "Cabinet Jazzmen" in Hamburg until the early 1960s, at the time one of the most popular jazz bands in Northern Germany. From 1970 to 1971 he was a jazz pianist in Hamburg at "Jazz House", "Riverkasematten", "Logo", "Dennis Swing Club", "Cotton Club", "Remter" and in the legendary "Onkel Po". 

In 1982 he took part in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Der Ohrwurm." He finished 11th in the second-last place. 

Böhm died in Gran Canaria, Spain on 2 June 2020 at the age of 78.

Fatso (1980 movie)

Fatso is a 1980 American romantic comedy movie directed by Anne Bancroft (who also stars) and starring Candice Azzara, Ron Carey, Dom DeLuise, Ralph Manza, Michael Lombard. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Domenico Di Napoli is a 40-year-old Italian American-his parents emigrated from the South-unmarried and overweight. He lives with a brother in a duplex apartment occupied on the ground floor by his brother-in-law and his sister Antonietta, with whom he runs a stationery shop. Deeply affected by the death of his cousin Sal due to similar obesity problems, and urged by Antoinette, he goes to a dietician for treatment. Difficulties in complying with the weight-loss treatment are compounded by amorous inhibitions toward the Polish Lydia, owner of an antique store.


Roberto Gervaso

Roberto Gervaso (July 9, 1937 – June 2, 2020) was an Italian writer and journalist. He won the Premio Bancarella twice: for "L'Italia dei Comuni" in 1967, and for "Cagliostro" in 1973. He was born in Rome.

Gervaso died on June 2, 2020 in Milan at the age of 82.

Roberto Peccei

Roberto Daniele Peccei (; January 6, 1942 – June 1, 2020) was an Italian theoretical particle physicist. Her works in the area of electroweak and in the interface between particle physics and physical cosmology. He was most known for formulating the Peccei–Quinn theory (with Helen Quinn).

Peccei was a Vice Chancellor for Research at the University of California, Los Angeles, a position he held between 2000 and 2010.

Peccei died on June 1, 2020 at the age of 78.

Helen Quinn

Helen Rhoda Arnold Quinn (born 19 May 1943) is an Australian-born American particle physicist and educator. Her works to theoretical physics include the Peccei-Quinn theory which showed a corresponding symmetry of nature and works relating to particle interactions.

Héctor Ortega

Héctor Ortega Gómez (12 January 1939 — 3 June 2020) was a Mexican actor. He was also a screenwriter and a director. He was born in Mexico City. His best known works were in "Las fuerzas vivas", "Santa sangre" and in "Lucía, Lucía".

Ortega died on 3 June 2020 in Mexico City, aged 81.

Marcello Abbado

Marcello Abbado (October 7, 1926 – June 4, 2020) was an Italian composer and pianist. He was born in Milan. His works were orchestral, two ballets, many pieces for solo piano, and a number of chamber works. 

In 1989 he was awarded the Gold Medal for Meritorious Culture and Art (Medaglia d'oro ai benemeriti della cultura e dell'arte) by the Government of Italy.

Abbado died on June 4, 2020 in Stresa, Italy at the age of 93.

World Weightlifting Championships

The World Weightlifting Championships is an event organised by International Weightlifting Federation (IWF).






World championship

A world championship is generally an international competition open to elite competitors from around the world, representing their nations, and winning such an event will be considered the highest or near highest achievement in the sport, game, or ability.

Olympic weightlifting

Olympic weightlifting, or Olympic-style weightlifting, often simply referred to as weightlifting, is a sport in which the athlete attempts a maximum-weight single lift of a barbell loaded with weight plates.



European Weightlifting Championships

European Weightlifting Championships is an annual event organised by the European Weightlifting Federation (EWF). It has been held since 1896. A separate event for women was held from 1988 to 1997, after which both championships have been held as one event.


European Championship

A European Championship is the top level international sports competition between European athletes or sports teams representing their respective countries or professional sports clubs.


Asian Weightlifting Championships

The Asian Weightlifting Championships is a weightlifting championship. It was organised by the Asian Weightlifting Federation for competitors from the Asian countries. It has been held since 1969 for men and 1988 for women. In 2008, the championships provided the official qualification for Asian competitors in the 2008 Beijing Olympics.


Loser

Loser or Losers may refer to:






Feast (2005 movie)

Feast is a 2005 American action horror comedy movie, directed by John Gulager, produced by Michael Leahy, Joel Soisson, Larry Tanz, and Andrew Jameson, and written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton. The movie stars Balthazar Getty, Henry Rollins, Navi Rawat, Judah Friedlander, Jenny Wade, Gulager's father Clu Gulager, Josh Zuckerman, and Jason Mewes. The story revolves around a group of people gathered inside a local bar in Nevada, where they are suddenly attacked by a horde of monstrous creatures.


Spetters

Spetters (English translation: "Splashes") is a 1980 Dutch erotic drama movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Hans van Tongeren, Renée Soutendijk, Jeroen Krabbé, Rutger Hauer, Kitty Courbois, Toon Agterberg, Maarten Spanjer, Marianne Boyer.


Raggare!

Raggare! (in the UK released as "Blackjackets") is a 1959 Swedish adventure drama movie directed by Olle Hellbom and starring Inga Edwards, Christina Schollin, Hans Wahlgren, Bill Magnusson, Sven Holmberg. It was distributed by AB Europa Studios.

2DTV

2DTV is a British satirical animated television show that was broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 14 October 2001 to 23 December 2004. There were five series and thirty-three episodes.

OpenCola (drink)

OpenCola is a brand of open-source cola. This means anyone can find its recipe and change it in any way.

The company that created it, which had the same name, was started in Toronto, Canada in 1999 by Grad Conn, Cory Doctorow and John Henson.

OpenCola was first released on January 27, 2001. The newest version of OpenCola is 1.1.3.

It was created to explain free and open source software and promote the company's P2P program of the same name. However, the drink became more well known and 150,000 cans of it were sold. Laird Brown, the company's senior strategist, said it was successful because many people did not trust big corporations and "almost everything" was proprietary.



The syrup is diluted 5:1 with soda water, preferably sodium-free. This makes about 24 litres of OpenCola.

The full recipe also includes instructions to make soda water using basic ingredients such as yeast and sugar. This avoids the need for a commercially made carbonator.


Delaine Christien

Delaine Christien (born 26 May 1993) is a South African water polo player and coach. 

She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She coached the Madibaz women’s team.

Kimberly Kay

Kimberly Kay (born 20 September 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Ruby Versfeld

Ruby Versfeld (born 17 September 1996) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team and the University of St Andrews' women's water polo team. On 11 September 2020, she was inaugurated into The Jolly Boys as an Honorary Member.

E220

E220 may refer to:

Megan Parkes

Megan Parkes (born 2 March 1993) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Darya Ryzhinskaya

Darya Ryzhinskaya (born 23 April 1996) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Sodium bisulfite

Sodium bisulfite, also known as sodium hydrogen sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaHSO. It is made of sodium and bisulfite ions. It is a white solid with an odor of sulfur dioxide. It can be made by reacting smaller amounts of sodium dioxide and sodium hydroxide or sodium bicarbonate. If too much sodium hydroxide is used, sodium disulfite is made instead.


Azerbaijan Technical University

Azerbaijan Technical University (AzTU; ) is a public university, specialized in engineering, located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1950 by the government of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. The university has 9 faculties and 54 departments, around 1,100 faculty members, including 70 professors and around 6,500 students.

On November 14, 1920, the Soviet government decided that the previous technical school "Baku Polytechnicum" would be closed and replaced by the "Baku Polytechnic Institute". The new school focused on training engineers in such sectors as agriculture, civil engineering, electromechanics, economics, and petroleum. In 1923, the school changed its name to the "Azerbaijan Polytechnic Institute". In March 1929 the Communist Party of Azerbaijan decided that the school would be divided into three independent schools covering agriculture, economy, and petroleum.

However, the growing demands of engineers in other areas outside of petroleum led to the expansion of the school curriculum, and the school again changed its name in 1934, this time to the "Azerbaijan Industrial Institute (AzSI)", since it was combined with civil engineering. The Second World War put a lot of pressure on the Soviet Union, and schools like AzPI tried to remain open.

In 1950, the government established a separate "Azerbaijan Polytechnic Institute (AzPI)" and transferred non-petrochemical curricula to a new school so that AzSI could focus on the petroleum industry. (AzSI continued to eventually become the "Azerbaijan State Oil Academy".) In 1970, the branch of AzPI was established in Ganja.

In 1993, two years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and independence of Azerbaijan, AzPI changed its status and became the Azerbaijan Technical University.











Darya Muravyeva

Darya Muravyeva (born 18 August 1998) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Aruzhan Yegemberdiyeva

Aruzhan Yegemberdiyeva (born 22 February 1995) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.

Kamila Zakirova

Kamila Zakirova (born 25 December 1992) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Kotori Suzuki

Kotori Suzuki (born 8 December 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Marina Tokumoto

Marina Tokumoto (born 2 February 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Philips Odyssey series

The Philips Odyssey series is a series of home video game consoles. They were marketed by Philips. The Philips Odyssey series is the successor to the Magnavox Odyssey series.
Magnavox made video game consoles. But in 1974, Magnavox became a subsidiary of Philips. Philips continued making consoles. These consoles are known as the Philips Odyssey series.

The following is a list of all consoles released in the Philips Odyssey series:


Misaki Noro

Misaki Noro (born 12 April 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 World Aquatic Championships and 2019 World Aquatic Championships.


Kana Hosoya

Kana Hosoya (born 13 October 1994) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships and 2017 World Aquatic Championships.


BSS 01

The BSS 01 (short for Bildschirmspiel 01, German for screen game 01 or video screen game 01) is a home video game console. It was released in 1980 or 1981 only in East Germany. The console is also known as TV-Spiel or RFT TV-Spiel. "RFT" stands for "Rundfunk- und Fernmelde-Technik". This is an East German association of companies.

Four games are pre-installed on the console:

The throw-in of the ball can be set to automatic or manual. After one player reaches 15 points, all games were over.

A successor of the BSS 01, named "BSS 02", probably with color output, was planned, but discarded for the production of radio clocks. It is unknown if prototypes, sketches etc. of the BSS 02 exist.

Sonic Mania

Sonic Mania is the sixth ‘retro’ video game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series. It was released in 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch. It was released as part of the 25th anniversary of "Sonic the Hedgehog" (1991, Sega Genesis). It has the retro style graphics, but it is more vibrant and is wide screen.


Sonic the Hedgehog 4

Sonic the Hedgehog 4 might refer to:

Loving Couples (1980 movie)

Loving Couples is a 1980 American romantic comedy movie directed by Jack Smight and starring Shirley MacLaine, James Coburn, Susan Sarandon, Stephen Collins, Sally Kellerman, Helena Carroll, Pat Corley, Anne Bloom. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Hare Census

The Hare Census () is a 1973 Bulgarian satirical comedy movie directed by Eduard Zahariev. It stars Itzhak Fintzi, Nikola Todev, Georgi Rusev, Todor Kolev and Evstati Stratev.

Auchay-sur-Vendée

Auchay-sur-Vendée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Auzay (the seat) and Chaix.

The D65, D115, D938T and A83 roads pass through the commune.

Bellevigny

Bellevigny is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Belleville-sur-Vie (the seat) and Saligny.

Aubigny-les-Clouzeaux

Aubigny-les-Clouzeaux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aubigny (the seat) and Les Clouzeaux.

Rives-de-l'Yon

Rives-de-l'Yon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Florent-des-Bois (the seat) and Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux.

Berea District

Berea is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Teyateyaneng.

List of programmes shown by CBeebies

The shows listed here are produced by BBC Studios Kids & Family or its predecessors.

Shows listed here are commissioned by CBeebies but are produced by third-parties.

This section includes third-party acqusitions.




Butha-Buthe District

Butha-Buthe is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Butha-Buthe.

Andy Bialk

Andy Bialk (born November 16, 1971) is an American animator and character designer.

Leribe District

Leribe is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Hlotse.

Mafeteng District

Mafeteng is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Mafeteng.

Maseru District

Maseru is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Maseru, which is also the national capital.

Mohale's Hoek District

Mohale's Hoek is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Mohale's Hoek.

Mokhotlong District

Mokhotlong is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Mokhotlong.

Qacha's Nek District

Qacha's Nek is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Qacha's Nek.

Quthing District

Quthing is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Moyeni/Quthing.

Thaba-Tseka District

Thaba-Tseka is a district of Lesotho. The capital is Thaba-Tseka.

Mouilleron-Saint-Germain

Mouilleron-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Mouilleron-en-Pareds (the seat) and Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller.


Montréverd

Montréverd is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-André-Treize-Voies (the seat), Mormaison and Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon.

Bertrand Stern

Bertrand Stern is a German author and philosopher. He lives in Siegburg, North Rhine-Westphalia.

He wants the legalization of alternative forms of education other than attending a school (homeschooling and unschooling for example) for Germany because he thinks that schools are not suitable for everyone and that it is not okay to force people to go to places where they do not want to be.

Stern was born in Montbéliard, France on November 11, 1948. His father is Arno Stern, and his mother is Claire Stern. He grew up in many countries in Europe. This is the reason why he can speak German, French, English, and Spanish. He has two siblings and a son.

He was a lecturer at the University of Kassel from 2011 to 2012.

He initiated the film "CaRabA #LebenohneSchule". It was released on May 9, 2019 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The film shows unschooled people. The producent of the film is Joshua Conens.



Hellenic languages

The Hellenic languages are a branch of languages from the Indo-European language family. The main language is Greek. Many people say that Greek is the only language in the branch. Some people also say that the ancient Macedonian language is part of the branch. Others say it was simply a dialect of Greek.

Italic languages

The Italic languages are a branch of the Indo-European language family. They were first spoken in Italy. The main language was Latin, which eventually turned into the Romance languages spoken today. The Roman Empire spread Latin to much of Western Europe. Today, the main Italic languages spoken are Spanish, French, Portuguese, Italian, and Romanian. There were other branches of Italic languages besides those that came from Latin, but they are all now extinct.

Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3

Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 (also known as Wario Land or Super Mario Land 3) is a video game. It was released in 1994 for the Game Boy. In 2011, it was also released for the Virtual Console of the Nintendo 3DS. It is the successor to "" (1992, Game Boy). It is also the first game in the "Wario Land" series.

In 1995, a successor with the name "Virtual Boy Wario Land" was released for the Virtual Boy.

Wario Land series

Wario Land is a series of video games. It is part of the Wario series, which in turn is a part of the Super Mario franchise. All the games feature Wario as protagonist.

The following is a chronological list of all games in the "Wario Land" series:

Write-in candidate

A write-in candidate is a candidate in an election whose name does not appear on the ballot, but for whom voters may vote by writing in the person's name. Write-in candidates do not win very often. Sometimes write-in votes are cast for people who cannot hold office, or they are fictional characters. Some places require write-in candidates be registered as official candidates before the election.

Régence

The Régence (, "Regency") refers to a time between 1715 and 1723, when King Louis XV was a minor and France was governed by Philippe d'Orléans, a nephew of Louis XIV o France, as Regent of the Kingdom. In French the period is also called "le Régence de Philippe'Orléans".
Contemporary European rulers included Philip V of Spain, John V of Portugal, George I of Great Britain, Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor (faither o Empress Maria Theresa) and Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia, the maternal grandfather of King Louis XV.











Tsakonian language

Tsakonian (also Tsaconian, Tzakonian or Tsakonic; Tsakonian: , ; Greek: ) is a Hellenic language. It is spoken in the Peloponnese peninsula in Greece and comes from Doric Greek. It is similar to Greek, but people speaking the two languages cannot talk to each other. Only a few hundred people are left who speak the language. Most of these are elderly people.

Doric Greek

Doric or Dorian () was a Hellenic language. It was a dialect of Ancient Greek. It was spoken in Western Greece and some parts of Southern Italy and Sicily.

Unilever

Unilever is a British-Dutch multinational company. It is one of the biggest producers of consumer goods worldwide. In 2016, around 168,000 people worked for Unilever in 100 countries. Unilever's products can be found in about 190 countries.

Unilever is among the top 5 food producers worldwide. Food is about 40% of the revenue of Unilever. Cleaning agents, beauty products personal care products and Telecomunnications make up the remaining 70% of the revenue.

Essarts-en-Bocage

Essarts-en-Bocage is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Les Essarts (the seat), Boulogne, L'Oie and Sainte-Florence.

Les Velluire-sur-Vendée

Les Velluire-sur-Vendée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Le Poiré-sur-Velluire (the seat) and Velluire.

The Garage (1980 movie)

The Garage () is a 1980 Russian comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and starring Liya Akhedzhakova, Iya Savvina, Svetlana Nemolyayeva, Valentin Gaft, Andrey Myagkov, Georgi Burkov, Leonid Markov, Igor Kostolevsky, Anastasia Voznesenskaya. It was distributed by Mosfilm.


Vougeot

Vougeot is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

The D122 and D974 roads pass through the village.

Chadic languages

The Chadic languages are a branch of languages from the Afroasiatic language family. They are spoken in West Africa, mainly in the countries Nigeria, Niger, Chad, Central African Republic and Cameroon. There are around 150 Chadic languages still spoken. The most widely spoken Chadic language is Hausa.

Hausa language

Hausa (; "Harshen"/"Halshen Hausa") is a Chadic language. It was first spoken in Southern Niger and Northern Nigeria. Now many other people in West Africa speak it. It is the most widely spoken Chadic language, with around 47 million people speaking it as a first language.

West Chadic languages

The West Chadic languages are a branch of Chadic languages. They are spoken mainly in Nigeria and Niger. The most widely spoken West Chadic language is Hausa. There are two main branches of West Chadic languages, called A and B.

Hausa–Gwandara languages

The Hausa–Gwandara (also called A.1 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. The branch has just two languages, Hausa and Gwandara.

Gwandara language

Gwandara is a Chadic language. It is the closest language to Hausa. It is spoken in Northern Nigeria and has around 30,000 speakers.

East Chadic languages

The East Chadic languages are a branch of the Chadic languages. There are around 40 East Chadic languages still spoken. They are spoken mainly in Chad and Cameroon.


Masa languages

The Masa languages are a branch of Chadic languages. There are fewer than 20 that are still spoken. They are spoken in Chad and Cameroon.

The Masa languages listed in Blench (2006) are:


Kerlouan

Kerlouan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Bureau Junction, Illinois

Bureau Junction is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Noisy-le-Grand

Noisy-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Biu–Mandara languages

The Biu–Mandara, or Central Chadic, languages are a branch of Chadic languages. They are spoken in Nigeria, Chad, and Cameroon. The most spoken is Kamwe.

Blench (2006) organizes them like this:


Kamwe language

Kamwe (or Kamue) is a Chadic language. It is spoken in Nigeria and Cameroon. It is the most widely spoken Biu–Mandara language with around 950,000 speakers.

Cushitic languages

The Cushitic languages are a branch of the Afroasiatic language family. They are mainly spoken in the Horn of Africa and the Nile Valley. Some widely spoken Cushitic languages are Oromo, Somali, Beja, Agaw, Afar, Saho and Sidamo.

Beja language

Beja is a Cushitic language. It is spoken on the coast of the Red Sea in Sudan, Eritrea and Egypt. Around one million people speak the language. It is the only language of the North Cushitic branch still spoken.

Getting It Right

Getting It Right is a 1989 British American comedy drama movie directed by Randal Kleiser and starring Jesse Birdsall, Jane Horrocks, Helena Bonham Carter, Pat Heywood, Lynn Redgrave, John Gielgud, Peter Cook, Ian Redford, Shirley Anne Field.

Enciso

Enciso is a town and municipality in the García Rovira Province, part of Santander Department in northeastern Colombia. Founded on September 9, 1773 by Juan de Enciso, the liberating campaign of Simon Bolivar passed by this municipality on 7 occasions between the years 1814 and 1821.


Abdelmalek Droukdel

Abdelmalek Droukdel (; 20 April 1970 – 3 June 2020) also known by his nom de guerre as Abu Musab Abdel Wadoud (), was the emir leader of the Algerian Islamic militant group Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). He was born in Meftah, Algeria. 

His death was announced on 5 June 2020 that Droukdel, and members of his inner circle, had been killed by its forces in an operation in the north of Mali two days earlier.

Tara Conner

Tara Elizabeth Conner (born December 18, 1985) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder from the state of Kentucky. She was crowned Miss USA 2006 and also participated in the Miss Universe and Miss Teen USA pageants.

Bobby Locke (baseball)

Lawrence Donald "Bobby" Locke (March 3, 1934 – June 4, 2020) was an American professional baseball right-handed pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) in all or parts of nine seasons (1959–1965; 1967–1968) for the Cleveland Indians, St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Phillies, Cincinnati Reds and California Angels. He was born in Rowes Run, Pennsylvania.

Locke died on June 4, 2020 in Dunbar, Pennsylvania at the age of 86.


Rowes Run, Pennsylvania

Rowes Run is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Redstone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census its population was 517.

Redstone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania

Redstone Township is a township in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 5,079 at the 2020 census.

Midland, Michigan

Midland is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan in the Tri-Cities region of Central Michigan. It is the county seat of Midland County. The city's population was 42,547 as of the 2020 census. 

Midland County, Michigan

Midland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 83,494. The county seat is Midland.

Dunbar, Pennsylvania

Dunbar is a borough in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,013 at the 2020 census. 

Agaw languages

The Agaw, or Central Cushitic, languages are a small branch of Cushitic languages. They are spoken mainly in Ethiopia. 


Pete Rademacher

Thomas Peter "Pete" Rademacher (November 20, 1928 – June 4, 2020) was an American heavyweight boxer. He was a gold medalist at the 1956 Olympics. He became the only person to challenge for the world heavyweight championship in his first professional game when he faced Floyd Patterson on August 22 1957. He was born in Tieton, Washington.

Rademacher died on June 4, 2020 at a retirement home in Sandusky, Ohio from dementia-related problems, aged 91.

Tieton, Washington

Tieton () is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,191 at the 2010 census.

Dullay languages

The Dullay languages are a branch of Cushitic languages. They are spoken mainly in Ethiopia. There are four main Dullay languages that are still spoken: Ale, Tsamai, Dihina, and Dobase. The languages are similar, but speakers of the languages cannot understand each other.

Ale language

Ale, also called Gawwada, is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Ethiopia.

Tsamai language

Tsamai is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by about 18,000 people near the Omo River in Ethiopia.

Bixente Serrano Izko

Rufino Vicente "Bixente" Serrano Izco (22 January 1948 – 4 June 2020) was a Spanish historian and politician. He was born in Navarre, Spain. He was a Deputy in the Cortes Generales from 8 June 2015 to 27 October 2015. He was a member of the Geroa Bai. 

In 1974, he was put in a political prisoner during the Francisco Franco dictatorship. He was freed in 1977 after an amnesty law was signed. 

Serrano Izko died on 4 June 2020 from surgical-related problems at a hospital in Pamplona, Spain at the age of 72.

Boris Gaganelov

Boris Atanasov Gaganelov (; 7 October 1941 – 5 June 2020) was a Bulgarian football player and later coach. He was born in Petrich, Bulgaria. Gaganelov made 51 appearances for the Bulgaria national football team. He represented Bulgaria at the FIFA World Cups in 1966 and 1970.

Gaganelov died on 5 June 2020 in Sofia, Bulgaria at the age of 78.

Dihina language

Dihina is a Cushitic language. It is very similar to Ale. Some people think they are the same language, because they are so similar. ISO gives both languages the same code, GWD.

Agnes Chow

Agnes Chow Ting (; born 3 December 1996) is a student activist, politician in Hong Kong. She is a former member of Demosistō. She was first known to be the spokesperson of Scholarism in the Umbrella Movement but she went away after that. She was arrested in August 2019 during the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests at her home in Tai Po. On 30 June 2020, she announced on Facebook that she left Demosistō.


Ved Marwah

Ved Prakash Marwah (15 September 1934 – 5 June 2020) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Manipur from 1999 to 2003, Mizoram from 2000 to 2001 and Jharkhand from 2003 to 2004. He was born in Peshawar, British India.

Marwah died on 5 June 2020 from lung disease-related problems at a hospital in Goa, India at the age of 85.

Dobase language

Dobase is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Southern Ethiopia. Only around 1,500 people speak the language.

Highland East Cushitic languages

The Highland East Cushitic, or Sidamic, languages are a branch of Cushitic languages. They are spoken in Ethiopia. The most spoken language in the branch is Sidamo. It has around 3 million speakers.



Sidamo language

Sidamo, or Sidaama, is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Southern Ethiopia by about three million people.

Mikhail Kokshenov

Mikhail Mikhailovich Kokshenov (16 September 1936 – 4 June 2020) was a Russian actor, movie director and producer. He was born in Moscow. His career lasted from 1957 to 2010. His best known roles were as Zahar in "Zhenya, Zhenechka and Katyusha" (1967), as Karate in "The Garage" (1980) and as Septa in "Sportloto-82" (1982).

Kokshenov died on 4 June 2020 in Moscow from stroke-related problems, aged 83.

Burji language

Burji is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Ethiopia and Kenya, south of Lake Chamo. Around 70,000 people speak the language.

Gedeo language

Gedeo is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Ethiopia by nearly one million people.

Jiří Hanák

Jiří Hanák (27 February 1938 – 5 June 2020) was a Czech journalist and political activist. He was born in Buchlovice, Czechoslovakia. He was a member of the Communist Party. He was the editor of a Czech newspaper company titled "Free word". He was one of the signers of Charter 77.

Hanák died on 5 June 2020 in Prague at the age of 82.

Hadiyya language

Hadiyya is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by around 1.3 million people in Southern Ethiopia. It is very similar to the Libido language, which is spoken just north of where Hadiyya is spoken.

Rupert Hine

Rupert Neville Hine (21 September 1947 – 4 June 2020) was an English musician, singer-songwriter and record producer. 

He produced albums for artists including Rush, Kevin Ayers, Tina Turner, Howard Jones, Saga, The Fixx, Bob Geldof, Thompson Twins, Stevie Nicks, Chris de Burgh, Suzanne Vega, Underworld, Duncan Sheik, Formula and Eleanor McEvoy. 

He also recorded eleven albums under the band name Thinkman, and was a member of the band Quantum Jump. He was born in London.

Hine died on 4 June 2020 in London from cancer, aged 72.

Libido language

Libido is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by around 65,000 in Southern Ethiopia. It is very similar to Hadiyya, which is spoken just south of where Libido is spoken. Some people think Libido is a dialect of Hadiyya.

Robert Jarvik

Robert Koffler Jarvik, M.D. (born May 11, 1946) is an American scientist, researcher and businessman. He is known for his role in creating the Jarvik-7 artificial heart. He was born in Midland, Michigan.


Kambaata language

Kambaata is a Cushitic language. It is spoken in Southern Ethiopia by around 900,000 people.

James Aloysius Hickey

James Aloysius Hickey (October 11, 1920 – October 24, 2004) was an American Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Washington from 1980 to 2000. He was made a Cardinal in 1988. He was born in Midland, Michigan.

Hickey died on October 24, 2004 in Washington, D.C. of pneumonia, aged 84.

Donald Wuerl

Donald William Wuerl (born November 12, 1940) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

He was Archbishop of Washington, D.C. from 2006 to 2018. He was promoted by Pope John Paul II to be Auxiliary Bishop of Seattle (1986–1987), and Bishop of Pittsburgh (1988–2006). 

He was named Archbishop of Washington by Pope Benedict XVI and made a cardinal by him in 2010. 

Wuerl was criticized for how he handled sexual abuse cases during his time in Pittsburgh in 2018. Wuerl has denied mishandling the cases. 

On October 12, 2018, Pope Francis accepted his resignation as Archbishop of Washington. He remains a member of the College of Cardinals, eligible to vote in a papal election until November 2020. Wilton Daniel Gregory will replace him.

Timothy M. Dolan

Timothy Michael Dolan (born February 6, 1950) is an American cardinal of the Catholic Church. He has served as the tenth and current Archbishop of New York since 2009.

Dolan was the President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops from 2010 to 2013.

Dolan is widely known for his conservative views. He was Archbishop of Milwaukee from 2002 to 2009 and Auxiliary Bishop of St. Louis from 2001 to 2002.

Dolan was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

José Horacio Gómez

José Horacio Gómez (born December 26, 1951) is a Mexican-born American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Monterrey, Mexico. He has been the fifth Archbishop of Los Angeles since 2011. 

He was Auxiliary Bishop of Denver from 2001 to 2004 and Archbishop of San Antonio from 2004 to 2010. 

Gomez was Vice President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. In 2019, he became President of the conference.

Dave Camp

David Lee Camp (born July 9, 1953) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1991 to 2015. Camp represented since 1993, and previously served one term representing . He is a member of the Republican Party.

Camp was chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means from 2011 to 2015. In March 2014, he announced that he would not run for re-election.

Raoul Juneja

Raoul Singh Juneja (born February 1, 1980) is a Canadian music producer and columnist based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Raoul is better known as a media expert on urban and . He is credited as the executive producer of , a tribute album dedicated to the late hip hop icon, Tupac Shakur.

He studied media at University of Western Ontario where he began DeeJaying and appearing as a TV host. In 2001, Juneja started his professional career writing articles for Canada's "WORD Magazine". Raoul has worked as a columnist for .
In 2005, Juneja founded "Hip-Hop Literacy" campaign. The campaign was supported by several celebrities.

Raoul has conducted and produced the award-winning national Canadian music Show "V-Mix" on , which ran for 173 episodes over 4 seasons.

Juneja has worked as the researcher for CBC's first South Asian CBC Radio, which was launched in 2014.
He served on the Toronto Independent Music Awards as a jury for JUNO Awards. He is a members of "Artists United Against Human Trafficking", a 's initiative against the crime of trafficking in persons.

In 2016, Juneja joined an anti-bullying tour of Canadian schools, "Conquer The Fear", as their keynote speaker.



Tuojiangosaurus

Tuojiangosaurus is an armoured dinosaur that lived during the upper Jurassic period approximately 150 million years ago 

Tuojiangosaurus comes from Szechuan, China. Ancient Chinese records tell of local villagers selling mythical dragon bones to make medicine. These were probably the fossils of Tuojiangosaurus. 

Tuojiangosaurus wasn't a dragon. It was a dinosaur. To protect it, it had 17 pairs of spiky plates down its back and tail. A frightening set of tail spikes completed this plant-eater's armour. 

With one deadly swing of its spiked tail Tuojiangosaurus could hurt the belly of an attacking predator. 

The Chinese province where Tuojiangosaurus was found is home to the Zigong Dinosaur Park, the first dinosaur museum in Asia.

Utterly Alone

Utterly Alone () is a 2004 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Jonas Vaitkus and starring Vladas Bagdonas, Saulius Balandis, Brigita Bublyte.


The Story of Nampoo

The Story of Nampoo () is a 1984 Thai drama movie directed by Euthana Mukdasanit and based on the novel of the same name (known in Thai as ) by Suwanni Sukhontha. It stars Rewat Buddhinan, Amphol Lumpoon, Patravadi Sritrairat.

The Gardener (1912 movie)

The Gardener is a 1912 Swedish drama movie directed by Victor Sjöström (who also stars) and starring Gösta Ekman, John Ekman, Mauritz Stiller, Lili Bech.

Attic ladder

An attic ladder (US) or loft ladder (UK) is a collapsible ladder which is attached with the floor of an attic and ceiling of the floor below the attic. Fire departments also use a similar attic ladders as an equipment.


Milton Glaser

Milton Glaser (June 26, 1929 – June 26, 2020) was an American graphic designer. His designs include the I ❤ NY logo, the psychedelic Bob Dylan poster, and the logos for DC Comics and Brooklyn Brewery. He was born in New York City.

In 1954, he co-founded "New York" magazine with Clay Felker. He was honored with the National Medal of the Arts award from President Barack Obama in 2009.

Glaser died of a stroke and renal failure in New York City on his 91st birthday on June 26, 2020.

North Carolina Central University

North Carolina Central University (NCCU or NC Central), a state-supported liberal arts public historically black university in Durham, North Carolina. 

It was founded by Dr. James E. Shepard with the Chautauqua movement in 1909. It was made part of the state system in 1923, when it first received state funding and was renamed as Durham State Normal School. 

It added graduate classes in arts and sciences and professional schools in law and library science in the late 1930s and 1940s.


Piano Piano Kid

Piano Piano Kid () is a 1991 Turkish family drama movie directed by Tunç Başaran and starring Rutkay Aziz, Yaman Okay, Emin Sivas, Serap Aksoy.

Peggy Flanagan

Peggy Flanagan (born September 22, 1979) is an American politician. She is the 50th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota since 2019. She was elected lieutenant governor on November 6, 2018 and is the second Native American woman to be elected to statewide executive office in U.S. history. 

She is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL). Flanagan represented District 46A in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2015 to 2019. 

St. Louis Park, Minnesota

St. Louis Park is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 50,010 at the 2020 census.

Jelgava

Jelgava is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1573.

Woodbury, Minnesota

Woodbury is a city in Washington County, Minnesota. It is part of the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area. Woodbury is east of Saint Paul along Interstate 94. The 2020 population for Woodbury was 75,102, making it the 8th most populous city in Minnesota.

Paynesville, Minnesota

Paynesville is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,388 at the 2020 census. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Foley, Minnesota

Foley is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,711 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Benton County.

Liepāja

Liepāja is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1625. It is on the Baltic Sea. It is the third largest city in the country, after Riga and Daugavpils.

Rēzekne

Rēzekne is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1773.

Kathy Hochul

Kathleen Courtney Hochul ( ; born August 27, 1958) is an American politician serving as the 57th governor of New York since 2021. Before becoming governor, she was the lieutenant governor from 2015 to 2021 under Andrew Cuomo. She was also a U.S. Representative for New York's 26th congressional district from 2011 to 2013. Hochul is a member of the Democratic Party.

Hochul is the state's first female governor and is also the first female governor from Upstate New York.

Ventspils

Ventspils is a city in Latvia with town rights since 1378. It is on the Baltic Sea.

Entten tentten teelikamentten

Entten tentten teelikamentten is an old Finnish nursery rhyme.

"Entten tentten teelikamentten<br>
"hissun kissun vaapula vissun<br>
"eelin keelin klot<br>
"viipula vaapula vot<br>
"Eskon saun piun paun."

"Nyt sää lähdet tästä pelistä pois, <br>
"Puh pah pelistä pois!""



Mohammed Nasim

Mohammed Nasim (2 April 1948 – 13 June 2020) was a Bangladeshi Awami League politician. Nasim was born in the Sirajganj District in Bangladesh. 

He was the Minister of Health and Family Welfare from 2014 to 2019. He was Minister of Home Affairs from 1996 to 2001. He has been a member of the Jatiya Sangsad since 2014. He was in the Jatiya Sangsad before from 1986 to 1988 and again from 1991 to 2006.

On 1 June 2020, Nasim was hospitalized in Dhaka after testing positive for COVID-19. Four days later, he suffered a cerebral hemorrhage during his treatment. On 13 June 2020, Nasim died while being treated for COVID-19 at a hospital in Dhaka.

Monroe County, Michigan

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 154,809. The largest city and county seat is Monroe. It was named for then-President James Monroe in 1817.

Monroe, Michigan

Monroe is the largest city and county seat of Monroe County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Monroe had a population of 20,462 in the 2020 census.

Yokota family

The Shigeru Yokota (November 14, 1932 – June 5, 2020) and wife Sakie Yokota (born February 4, 1936) were Japanese human rights activists and writers. They founded the Japanese National Association for the Rescue of Japanese Kidnapped by North Korea in 1997. It supports the victims of abductions of Japanese citizens by North Koreans in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 

The Yokotas' daughter Megumi was kidnapped in 1977 by North Korean spies. She is currently missing.

Sakie Yokota once met with President George W. Bush to talk about sanctions on North Korea and in 2013 she testified about her daughter's abduction.

On June 5, 2020, Shigeru Yokota died at age 87. It was reported that U.S. President Donald Trump sent a letter expressing his condolences to Sakie over the death of her husband.

North Korean abductions of Japanese citizens

Abductions of Japanese citizens from Japan by agents of the North Korean government took place during for six years from 1977 to 1983. 

Although only 17 Japanese (eight men and nine women) are officially recognized by the Japanese government as having been abducted, there may have been hundreds of victims. 

The North Korean government has officially admitted to kidnapping 13 Japanese citizens.

There are testimonies that many non-Japanese citizens, including eight citizens from European countries and one from the Middle East, have been abducted by North Korea.

The National Association for the Rescue of Japanese Kidnapped by North Korea or NARKN (北朝鮮に拉致された日本人を救出するための全国協議会 or simply 救う会全国協議会) was created in 1998 by the Yokota family. The purpose of NARKN is to help the families of Japanese kidnapped victims to find their loved ones.

Los Hermanos Cartagena

Los Hermanos Cartagena (English: "The Cartagena Brothers") is a 1984 Bolivian drama movie directed by Paolo Agazzi and starring Eddy Bravo, Alberto Cornejo, Oscar Cortés, Ernesto Ferrante.

List of universities in Baku

This is a list of colleges and universities in Baku, Azerbaijan.



Jim Fryatt

Jim Fryatt (2 September 1940 – 5 June 2020) was an English footballer and manager. He played as a striker. During his playing career he was nicknamed 'Pancho'. He was born in Southampton, England. His career lasted from 1957 to 1975. 

He was known for playing with Southend United from 1960 to 1963, Bradford from 1963 to 1966, Oldham Athletic from 1970 to 1971, and for Southport from 1971 to 1974.

He also briefly played with Stockport County, Torquay United, Blackburn Rovers, and Charlton Athletic. During his final career years, he played for the North American Soccer League playing in Philadelphia, Hartford and Las Vegas.

Fryatt died on 5 June 2020 in Las Vegas, aged 79.

Polonia Warsaw

Polonia Warsaw (, ) was founded on 19 November 1911. It is the oldest existing Warsaw sports club, with football, basketball, track and field and swimming teams.

Piotr Rocki

Piotr Rocki (January 11, 1974 – June 1, 2020) was a Polish football player. He was born in Warsaw. He played for Polonia Warsaw, Hetman Zamość, Górnik Zabrze, Odra Wodzisław Śląski and later for Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski. His career lasted from 1990 to 2017.

Rocki died on June 1, 2020 in Bytom, Poland after suffering from an aneurysm, aged 46.

Conrad Worrill

Conrad Worrill (August 15, 1941 – June 3, 2020) was an African-American writer, educator, activist, and talk show host for the WVON call-in program "On Target". He was born in Pasadena, California. His activism was focused in Chicago.

He was involved with the Million Man March, and the National Black United Front. Worrill called on for greater independence in African-American life. He helped young people better understand the relationships between power and institutions. He was a political advisor to Chicago Mayor Harold Washington.

Worrill died on June 3, 2020 from cancer in Chicago at the age of 78.


Valentina Tăzlăuanu

Valentina Tăzlăuanu (5 January 1950 – 3 June 2020) was a Moldovan essayist, journalist and theatre critic. She was the editor in chief of "Sud-Est". She was Chief of Arts Department at Literatura şi Arta magazine from 1977 to 1990. She also was Deputy Minister of Culture from 1997 to 2000.

She was also a member of the Moldovan Writers' Union as well as member and Secretary of PEN Club Moldova.

Tăzlăuanu died on 3 June 2020 in Chișinău, Moldova at the age of 70.

Appomattox County, Virginia

Appomattox County is a United States county near the center of the U.S. state of Virginia. The county is part of the Lynchburg, VA Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its county seat is the town of Appomattox.

Inferno (1980 movie)

Inferno is a 1980 Italian horror movie directed by Dario Argento and is the sequel to the 1977 movie "Suspiria". It stars Irene Miracle, Leigh McCloskey, Eleonora Giorgi, Daria Nicolodi, Sacha Pitoëff, Veronica Lazar and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Patrick Duffy (British politician)

Sir Albert Edward Patrick Duffy (born 17 June 1920) is a British economist and Labour Party politician. He was born in London and served in World War II. 

He was a Member of Parliament for Colne Valley from 1963 to 1966 and for Sheffield Attercliffe from 1970 to 1992. He was a Minister of the Navy in the 1970s, and President of the NATO Assembly in the 1980s. Duffy was a critic of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.

Patrick Duffy

Patrick Garfield Duffy (born March 17, 1949) is an American actor. He is best known for his role on the CBS primetime soap opera "Dallas", where he played Bobby Ewing from 1978 to 1985 and from 1986 to 1991. Duffy returned as Bobby in a continuation of "Dallas" from 2012 to 2014. 

Duffy was born in Townsend, Montana. He was raised in Everett, Washington and in Eagle Point, Oregon. He studied at the University of Washington. He was married to Carlyn Rosser from 1974 until her death in 2017. They had two children.

Hasnain Khan

Hasnain Khan (born 9 January 1996) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer. He plays for Federally Administered Tribal Areas. 


Eagle Point, Oregon

Eagle Point is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. The population was 9,686 at the 2020 census.

Stockholm University

Stockholm University () is a public university in Stockholm, the capital of Sweden. It was founded as a college in 1878. It reached the university status in 1960. It had over 33,000 students in 2019. It has four different faculties, including law, humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences. It is one of the largest universities in Scandinavia. It is one of the top 100 universities in the world, according to the Academic Ranking of World Universities.

When it was granted university status in 1960, it became the fourth oldest Swedish university. Like other public universities in Sweden, its mission is teaching and research anchored in society at large.


Sharad Arvind Bobde

Sharad Arvind Bobde (born 24 April 1956) is an Indian judge. He was the 47th Chief Justice of India from 18 November 2019 to 23 April 2021. 

He is a former Chief Justice of Madhya Pradesh High Court.

Om Birla

Om Birla (born 23 November 1962) is an Indian politician. He is the 17th and current Speaker of the Lok Sabha since 2019. He has been a Member of Parliament for the Kota-Bundi constituency in Rajasthan since 2014. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Rabi Ray

Rabi Ray (26 November 1926 – 6 March 2017) was an Indian socialist politician. He was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 1989 to 1991. He joined the Socialist Party in 1948, and later became member of the Samyukta Socialist Party, the Janata Party and the Janata Dal.

Yuki Niizawa

Yuki Niizawa (born 13 February 1997) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 Summer Universiade, 2018 Asian Games, 2017 World Aquatic Championships, and 2019 World Aquatic Championships.


Manohar Joshi

Manohar Gajanan Joshi (2 December 1937 – 23 February 2024) was an Indian politician. He was one of the key leaders of the Shiv Sena political party. He was the Chief Minister of Maharashtra from 1995 to 1999. He was also the 13th Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 2002 to 2004.

Joshi died in Mumbai on 23 February 2024. He was 86 years old at the time of his death. The cause of death was cardiac arrest.

Paul Tudor Jones

Paul Tudor Jones II (born September 28, 1954) is an American billionaire hedge fund manager, philanthropist, and conservationist. His hedge fund, Tudor Investment Corporation, an asset management firm headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, was founded in 1980.

He founded the Robin Hood Foundation eight years later. The organization focuses on helping reduce poverty.

His net worth is estimated to be $5.1 billion according to Forbes.



Ramesh Chandra Lahoti

Ramesh Chandra Lahoti (1 November 1940 – 23 March 2022) was an Indian judge. He was the 35th Chief Justice of India from 1 June 2004 to 1 November 2005.

Lahoti died on 23 March 2022 in New Delhi, India at the age of 81.

S. Rajendra Babu

S. Rajendra Babu (born 1 June 1939) is an Indian judge. He was the 34th Chief Justice of India from May to June 2004. He also served as the chairperson of National Human Rights Commission of India.

Akari Inaba

Akari Inaba (born 2 February 1998) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2018 Asian Games, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships. 


V. N. Khare

Vishweshwar Nath Khare (born 2 May 1939) is an Indian judge. He was the 33rd Chief Justice of India from 19 December 2002 to 2 May 2004. He was a judge of the Supreme Court of India from 21 March 1997 before he was promoted to the post of Chief Justice by President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam.

Kamal Narain Singh

Kamal Narain Singh (December 13, 1926 – September 8, 2022) is an Indian judge. He was the 22nd Chief Justice of India from November to December 1991. He was from Allahabad. At 17 days, his tenure as chief justice is the shortest.

Singh died on September 8, 2022 at the age of 95.

Yaaba

Yaaba is a 1989 Burkinabé Swiss French family drama movie directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo and starring Noufou Ouédraogo, Fatimata Sanga, Roukietou Barry. It was distributed by New Yorker Films.


Aziz Mushabber Ahmadi

Aziz Mushabber Ahmadi (25 March 1932 – 2 March 2023) was an Indian judge. He was the 26th Chief Justice of India from 1994 to 1997. After serving as a judge in the Gujarat High Court, Ahmadi was appointed judge to the Supreme Court in 1988.

He was Chancellor at the Aligarh Muslim University for two terms.
Ahmadi died on 2 March 2023, at age 90.

Minori Yamamoto

Minori Yamamoto (born 14 October 1997) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Sam Piroj Bharucha

Sam Piroj Bharucha (born May 6, 1937) is an Indian judge. He was the 30th Chief Justice of India from November 2001 until his retirement in 2002.

Bhupinder Nath Kirpal

Bhupinder Nath Kirpal (B. N. Kirpal) (born 8 November 1937) is an Indian judge. He was the 31st Chief Justice of India from 6 May 2002 until his retirement on 7 November 2002.

Gopal Ballav Pattanaik

Gopal Ballav Pattanaik (born 19 December 1937) is an Indian judge. He was the 32nd Chief Justice of India from 8 November 2002 to 18 December 2002. He was appointed by President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam. He was born in Cuttack, now in Odisha, India.

Chiaki Sakanoue

Chiaki Sakanoue (born 20 September 1987) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Jackson County, Michigan

Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. Its population was 160,366 as of the 2020 Census. The county seat is Jackson. It is named for U.S. President Andrew Jackson.

James Albert Murray

James Albert Murray (July 5, 1932 – June 5, 2020) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Kalamazoo from 1998 to 2009. He was born in Jackson, Michigan. 

Murray died on June 5, 2020 in Kalamazoo, Michigan at the age of 87.


Bole–Tangale languages

The Bole–Tangale languages (also called A.2 West Chadic languages) are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in Northeastern Nigeria.

The Bole–Tangale languages are:


Salem, Ohio

Salem is a city in northern Columbiana County, Ohio, United States, with a small district in southern Mahoning County. At the 2020 census, the city's population was 11,915. Salem is the principal city of the Salem, OH Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Boardman, Ohio

Boardman is a unincorporated community in Boardman Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb south of Youngstown. Boardman is one of two major retail hubs in the Mahoning Valley.

Until 2020, it was a census-designated place (CDP). The population of the CDP was 35,376 at the 2010 census.

Shino Magariyama

Shino Magariyama (born 20 September 1987) is a Japanese female water polo player. She participated at the 2014 Asian Games, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Boardman Township, Mahoning County, Ohio

Boardman Township is one of the fourteen townships of Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. The 2020 census found 40,213 people in the township.

Angas languages

The Angas, Angas–Sura, or Central West Chadic, (A.3 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in North Nigeria.

The Angas languages are:


Wilhelm von Homburg

Norbert Grupe (August 25, 1940 – March 10, 2004), better known outside Germany by his stage name Wilhelm von Homburg, was a German boxer, actor, and professional wrestler. He was known for his villainous supporting roles in many movies of the 1980s and 90s, including Vigo the Carpathian in "Ghostbusters II", the henchman James in "Die Hard," and Souteneur in Werner Herzog's "Stroszek." He was born in Hamburg.

von Homburg died of prostate cancer at a friend's house in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico on March 10, 2004 at the age of 63.


Ron languages

The Ron, Ronic, or Ron–Fyer, (A.4 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Plateau State of North Nigeria.

The Ron languages, and their tentative relatioships, are:


Yuri Kazama

Yuri Kazama (born 3 October 1996) is a Japanese water polo player. She was part of the Japanese women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Summer Universiade.


Alexander Godunov

Alexander Borisovich Godunov (Russian: ; November 28, 1949 – May 18, 1995) was a Russian-American ballet dancer and movie actor. He was a member of the Bolshoi Ballet. He was known for his roles as Max Beissart in "The Money Pit" (1986) and as Karl Vreski in "Die Hard" (1988).

Godunov died on May 18, 1995 from hepatitis caused by alcoholism at his home in Hollywood, California at the age of 45.

Bade languages

The Bade (also called B.1 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Borno and Jigawa States of North Nigeria. Bade is the most widely spoken Bade langauge. It is where the branch gets its name.

The Bade languages are:


† = Extinct language

Loc-Eguiner-Saint-Thégonnec

Loc-Eguiner-Saint-Thégonnec () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Thégonnec Loc-Eguiner.

Bade language

Bade is a Chadic language. It is spoken in the Yobe and Jigawa States of Nigeria. Around 250,000 people speak Bade. The amount of people speaking Bade is going down quickly. Some people think it might go extinct.

Rikako Miura

Rikako Miura (born 13 October 1989) is a Japanese female water polo player. She participated at the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Warji languages

The Warji (B.2 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Bauchi State of Nigeria.

The Warji languages are:


Pieter van der Kruk

Pieter "Piet" van der Kruk (13 August 1941 – 4 June 2020) was a Dutch heavyweight weightlifter and shot putter. He won five national weightlifting titles (1964, 1965, 1967–1969) and four shot put titles (1964, 1965, 1967 and 1969). He qualified for the 1968 Summer Olympics and finished in ninth place. He was born in Delft, the Netherlands.

Kruk died on 4 June 2020 at a hospital in Delft after a short-illness, aged 78.

Barawa languages

The Barawa (B.3 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages. They are spoken in the Bauchi State of North Nigeria. 

The Barawa languages are:


Vincent Perez

Vincent Perez (born 10 June 1964) is a Swiss-French actor, director and photographer. He is best known for playing the title character, Ashe Corven, in "", and for starring in "Queen of the Damned", playing Marius de Romanus.

Audrey Daule

Audrey Daule (born 6 May 1993) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Pedro Ercílio Simon

Pedro Ercílio Simon (9 September 1941 – 1 June 2020) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic archbishop. He was born in Ibiaçá, Rio Grande do Sul. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Uruguaiana from 1995 to 1998. Simon then was coadjutor bishop, diocese bishop, and then archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Passo Fundo, Brazil from 1998 to 2012.

Simon died in Passo Fundo, Rio Grande do Sul on 1 June 2020, aged 78.

Passo Fundo

Passo Fundo is a municipality in the north of the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is named after its river. It's the twelfth largest city in the state. It has a population of 201,767.


Warji language

Warji is a Chadic language spoken in the Bauchi State, Nigeria. Many people are starting to speak Hausa instead. Warji might go extinct.

Constantin Xenakis

Constantin Xenakis (; 28 December 1931 – 6 June 2020) was an Egyptian-born Greek-French painter and sculptor. 

His works were written script, in particular the Hebrew alphabet, symbols and codes of everyday life such as traffic signs, chemical symbols, Egyptian hieroglyphics and letters from the Greek, Phoenician and Arabic alphabets.

He was born in Cairo. He spent his career in Paris. His work is held in the National Gallery of Greece and the Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art.

He was made a Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters in 1986.

Xenakis died on 6 June 2020 at his home in Paris, aged 88.

Zahurul Islam Khan

Zahurul Islam Khan Bikalpa Dhara Bangladesh politician. He was elected a member of parliament from Mymensingh-9 in February 1996.

Khan was elected to parliament from Mymensingh-9 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 15 February 1996 Bangladeshi general election.

He joined the Jatiya Party and was defeated by Mymensingh-9 seat in the seventh election on 12 June 1996. He joined the Bikalpa Dhara Bangladesh party in 2004 and lost the Mymensingh-9 seat in the 2008 ninth national election. He then joined the Awami League.

Douarnenez

Douarnenez is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Drennec

Le Drennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Noah Emmerich

Noah Nicholas Emmerich (born February 27, 1965) is an American actor and television director. He is best known for his roles in "Beautiful Girls" (1996), "The Truman Show" (1998), "Frequency" (2000), "Miracle" (2004), "Little Children" (2006) and "Super 8" (2011).

From 2013 to 2018, he starred as FBI agent Stan Beeman on the FX series "The Americans".

Edern, Finistère

Edern () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Elliant

Elliant () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Nicholas Kristof

Nicholas Donabet Kristof (born April 27, 1959) is an American journalist and political commentator. He is the winner of two Pulitzer Prizes. He is a regular CNN contributor and has written an op-ed column for "The New York Times" since November 2001.

His works focuses on human rights abuses and social injustices, such as human trafficking and the Darfur conflict.

Locmaria-Berrien

Locmaria-Berrien () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Poullaouen.

Yamhill, Oregon

Yamhill is a city in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States. The population was 1,147 at the 2020 census. It was originally named North Yamhill in 1891.

Plounéour-Trez

Plounéour-Trez () is a former commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Plounéour-Brignogan-Plages.

Sheryl WuDunn

Sheryl WuDunn (born November 16, 1959) is an American business executive, Pulitzer Prize-winning writer and lecturer.

She has also been a private wealth adviser with Goldman Sachs and was a journalist and business executive for "The New York Times." She is now senior managing director at Mid-Market Securities.

In 1988, she married journalist Nicholas Kristof.

West Semitic languages

The West Semitic languages are a large branch of Semitic languages. It is the only branch of Semitic languages with languages still spoken. The other branch of Semitic languages was East Semitic. It is extinct. The two branches of West Semitic languages are Central and Southern. Some linguists disagree with the branches. They think that Central and Southern Semitic languages are not related and are actually separate branches of Semitic languages.

Abdul Malek

Abdul Malek is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament of Mymensingh-4. He was the organizer of the Liberation War of Bangladesh.

Abdul Malek was elected to parliament from Mymensingh-4 as a Bangladesh Awami League candidate in 1973. He was the organizer of the Liberation War of Bangladesh.

Spotted-thighed frog

The spotted-thighed frog or spotted-thighed tree frog ("Litoria cyclorhyncha") is a tree frog from southwestern Australia.

Spotted-thighed frogs are dark green or brown with yellow spots on their backs. They have bright yellow spots on their legs. It looks like its relative, the motorbike frog.

By 2020, the spotted-thighed frog had moved to southern Australia, where it is an invasive specie. Humans carried the spotted-thighed frog to southern Australia by accident. People have seen spotted-thighed frogs in Streaky Bay, the Eyre Peninsula and at the airport in Adelaide.

Scientists say the spotted-thighed frog is dangerous to the environment because can eat many different kinds of food, even mice and other frogs. This means it can kill the frogs that usually live in South Australia, either by eating all their food or by eating the frogs themselves.

According to ecologist Christine Taylor, "This frog is an indiscriminate eating machine that will devour just about anything it can fit into its mouth."

Ergué-Gabéric

Ergué-Gabéric () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Le Faou

Le Faou () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Abu Reza Fazlul Haque Bablu

Abu Reza Fazlul Haque Bablu politician. He was elected a member of parliament from in .

Bablu is a lawyer and president of BNP. He was elected to parliament from as a candidate in .

East Ham

East Ham is a district of the London Borough of Newham, England, 8 miles (12.8 km) east of Charing Cross. East Ham is in the London Plan as a Major Centre. The population is 76,186.

East Semitic languages

The East Semitic languages were a branch of Semitic languages. It is extinct. The main two languages were Akkadian and Eblaite.

Bill Ackman

William Albert Ackman (born May 11, 1966) is an American investor and hedge fund manager. He is the founder and CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management, and trader in YOBATSU CORP. He is best known for shorting Herbalife.


Somerset County, Pennsylvania

Somerset County (Pennsylvania German: "Somerset Kaundi") is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 74,129. Its county seat is Somerset. It is named after the county of Somerset in England.

La Feuillée

La Feuillée () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Somerset, Pennsylvania

Somerset is a borough in and the county seat of Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 6,048 at the 2020 census. The borough is surrounded by Somerset Township. 

Le Folgoët

Le Folgoët () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Central Semitic languages

The Central Semitic languages are a branch of West Semitic languages. They are spoken in the Middle East and North Africa. The branch is made up of two parts, Arabic and the Northwest Semitic languages (including Hebrew and Aramaic).

Cambria County, Pennsylvania

Cambria County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 133,472. Its county seat is Ebensburg. It was named for the nation of Wales, which in Latin is known as "Cambria".

La Forest-Landerneau

La Forest-Landerneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Ebensburg, Pennsylvania

Ebensburg is a borough and the county seat of Cambria County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located west of Altoona. The population was 3,404 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Blair County, Pennsylvania

Blair County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 122,822. Its county seat is Hollidaysburg. 

Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania

Hollidaysburg is a borough in and the county seat of Blair County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located on the Juniata River, south of Altoona and is part of the Altoona, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,641 at the 2020 census.

Bedford, Pennsylvania

Bedford is a borough in and the county seat of Bedford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located west of Harrisburg, the state capital, and east of Pittsburgh. Bedford's population was 2,865 at the 2020 census.

La Forêt-Fouesnant

La Forêt-Fouesnant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Harvard Business School

Harvard Business School (abbv: HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University. It is located in Boston, Massachusetts. It is one of the top business schools in the world. It offers a range of wide full-time MBA program, management-related doctoral programs, and many leadership education programs.

It also owns Harvard Business Publishing. The company publishes business books, leadership articles, case studies, and the monthly "Harvard Business Review". It is also where the Baker Library/Bloomberg Center is. 


Bedford County, Pennsylvania

Bedford County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 47,577. The county seat is Bedford.

Fouesnant

Fouesnant () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Garlan

Garlan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gouesnac'h

Gouesnac'h () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gouesnou

Gouesnou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gouézec

Gouézec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Northwest Semitic languages

The Northwest Semitic languages are a branch of Central Semitic languages. They came from the Levant in the Middle East. They include the languages Hebrew and Aramaic.

De Pere, Wisconsin

De Pere (pronounced locally as ""dee-PEER"") is a city located in Brown County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 24,970 according to U.S. Census Bureau. De Pere is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Goulien

Goulien () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Finistère department in northwest France.

Goulven

Goulven () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gourlizon

Gourlizon () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guengat

Guengat () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Canaanite languages

The Canaanite languages are a branch of Northwest Semitic languages. The only main language still spoken from the branch is Hebrew. They are spoken in the Levant area of the Middle East.

Guerlesquin

Guerlesquin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guiclan

Guiclan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guilers

Guilers () is a commune. It is in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guiler-sur-Goyen

Guiler-sur-Goyen () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Great Neck, New York

Great Neck is a region on Long Island, New York, that covers 9 villages, such as the villages of Great Neck, Great Neck Estates, Great Neck Plaza, and Russell Gardens. About 40,000 people live in this region.

Great Neck (village), New York

Great Neck is a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, in the U.S.. As of the 2020 United States Census, the village population was 11,145.

The Village of Great Neck is located at .

North Hempstead, New York

The Town of North Hempstead is a town in Nassau County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 237,639.

Great Neck Estates, New York

Great Neck Estates is a village and a part of Great Neck in Nassau County, New York in the United States. The population was 2,990 at the 2020 census.

It is in the Town of North Hempstead. 

Great Neck Plaza, New York

Great Neck Plaza is a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, in the United States. The population was 7,482 at the 2020 census.

Russell Gardens, New York

Russell Gardens is a village and a part of the Great Neck peninsula in Nassau County, New York in the United States. The population was 978 at the 2020 census.

It is in the Town of North Hempstead. It is on the Great Neck Peninsula.

Russell Gardens is located at (40.781063, -73.724996).

Guilligomarc'h

Guilligomarc'h () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guilvinec

Guilvinec or Le Guilvinec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guimaëc

Guimaëc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Guimiliau

Guimiliau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Motorbike frog

The motorbike frog, also called Moore's frog, western green and golden bell frog, and bull frog ("Litoria moorei"), is a frog from southwestern Australia.

These frogs can be up to 7.8 cm long. They can come in different colors from brown to green and parts of their skin turn yellow if they sit in the sunlight. They have light green or light brown bellies. They have a stripe over each eyelid that goes past the ear to the top of the front leg.

They lay their eggs in bunches stuck to plants under water. The tadpoles can be 8 cm long and are dark brown. They grow into frogs in March and April, late summer. Some tadpoles stay tadpoles longer, for 14 months and can grow to be 14 cm long before turning into frogs.

The tadpoles eat algae and the adults eat arthropods, such as insects, and sometimes young motorbike frogs.

Although this frog can climb trees, it mostly lives on the ground, so not all scientists call it a tree frog.

Guipavas

Guipavas () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. In 2017, 14,482 people lived there.

The Brest Bretagne Airport is in the commune.

Guissény

Guissény () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Hiwassee College

Hiwassee College was a private liberal arts college in Madisonville, Tennessee. It was founded in 1849. The college offered both associate and bachelor's degrees. Most of its associate degree graduates went on to complete bachelor's degrees elsewhere. 

The college closed on May 10, 2019 because of financial issues.

Hanvec

Hanvec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Henvic

Henvic () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Union County, Tennessee

Union County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,802. Its county seat is Maynardville.

Maynardville, Tennessee

Maynardville is a city that is the county seat of Union County, Tennessee, United States. The city was named to honor Horace Maynard. Its population was 2,456 at the 2020 census.

Hôpital-Camfrout

Hôpital-Camfrout () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Île-de-Batz

Île-de-Batz () is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.


Granite Bay, California

Granite Bay is a census-designated place (CDP) in Placer County, California, United States. It is part of the Sacramento–Arden-Arcade–Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 21,247 at the 2020 census.

Arden-Arcade, California

Arden-Arcade is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States. The population was 94,659 at the 2020 census. It is east of the city of Sacramento and west of the community of Carmichael.

Geoffrey Burnstock

Geoffrey Burnstock (10 May 1929 – 2 June 2020) was an English-born Australian neurobiologist. He was President of the Autonomic Neuroscience Centre of the UCL Medical School. He was best known for creating the term purinergic signalling, which he discovered in the 1970s. He retired in October 2017.

Cave-dwelling frog

The cave-dwelling frog or cave frog ("Litoria cavernicola") is a frog from northwestern Australia.

The cave-dwelling frog lives in caves and between large rocks in sandstone canyons in the Kimberly region. It is green to reddish-brown in color.

The frogs lay their eggs in shallow pools of water, but scientists do not know what the tadpoles are like.

Molins-sur-Aube

Molins-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montaulin

Montaulin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Montceaux-lès-Vaudes

Montceaux-lès-Vaudes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Catherine Keener

Catherine Ann Keener (born March 23, 1959) is an American actress. She has been twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Being John Malkovich" (1999) and for her role as Harper Lee in "Capote" (2005). 

Keener also appeared in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" (2005), "Into the Wild" (2007), "Synecdoche, New York" (2008), and "Get Out" (2017).

Montfey

Montfey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Neuilly-sur-Marne

Neuilly-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Noisy-le-Sec

Noisy-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Get Out

Get Out is a 2017 American psychological horror movie written and directed by Jordan Peele. It stars Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, Lil Rel Howery, Bradley Whitford, Caleb Landry Jones, Stephen Root, and Catherine Keener.

"Get Out" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States on February 24, 2017, by Universal Pictures.

"Get Out" had strong positive critical reviews. It was nominated for four Academy Awards and was on a Metacritic list for the best movies of the 2010s.

Pantin

Pantin is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Les Pavillons-sous-Bois

Les Pavillons-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Us (2019 movie)

Us is a 2019 American horror movie written and directed by Jordan Peele. It stars Lupita Nyong'o, Winston Duke, Elisabeth Moss, and Tim Heidecker. The movie is about Adelaide Wilson (Nyong'o) and her family, who are attacked by a group of mysterious people who look just like them. 

"Us" was released in the United States on March 22, 2019, by Universal Pictures. It had strong positive reviews.

Pierrefitte-sur-Seine

Pierrefitte-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Tim Heidecker

Timothy Richard Heidecker (; born February 3, 1976) is an American comedian, writer, director, actor, and musician. He is best known as one half of the comedy duo Tim & Eric, along with Eric Wareheim. They are known for creating the television shows "Tom Goes to the Mayor", "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", and "Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories".

Heidecker was born and raised in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

Eric Wareheim

Eric Alexander Wareheim (; born April 7, 1976) is an American actor, comedian, writer, director, and musician. He is one half of the comedy duo Tim & Eric, alongside Tim Heidecker. They created the television shows "Tom Goes to the Mayor", "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", "Check It Out! with Dr. Steve Brule", "Tim and Eric's Bedtime Stories", and "Beef House". 

He had a constant role on the Netflix series "Master of None".

Wareheim was born in Audubon, Pennsylvania.

Audubon, Pennsylvania

Audubon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was named for naturalist John James Audubon. The population was 8,688 at the 2020 census.

Le Pré-Saint-Gervais

Le Pré-Saint-Gervais is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. In 2017, 17,950 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are called "Gervaisiens".

Rosny-sous-Bois

Rosny-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Île-de-Sein

Île-de-Sein () is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Barry Goldwater Jr.

Barry Morris Goldwater Jr. (born July 15, 1938) is an American politician and businessman. He is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from California from 1969 to 1983.

He is the son of former U.S. Senator and 1964 Republican presidential nominee Barry Goldwater.

On November 16, 2007, Goldwater publicly endorsed Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul of Texas for the GOP nomination in 2008.


Île-Molène

Île-Molène () is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Île-Tudy

Île-Tudy () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Irvillac

Irvillac () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.


Le Juch

Le Juch () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Kergloff

Kergloff () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Finistère department in northwest France.

Kerlaz

Kerlaz () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Kernilis

Kernilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Glascock County, Georgia

Glascock County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 2,884 people lived there. The county seat is Gibson.

Saint-Amand-Montrond

Saint-Amand-Montrond is a commune of 9,437 people (2017). It is found in the region Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in the center of France.

Villard-Notre-Dame

Villard-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the Isère department in the southeastern part of France.

Anatolian languages

The Anatolian languages were a branch of Indo-European languages. They are now extinct. They were spoken in Asia Minor (ancient Anatolia) in modern-day Turkey. There are three, or maybe four, known branches.

Melchert (2012) has organised them like this:


Ray Dalio

Raymond Thomas Dalio (born August 8, 1949) is an American billionaire hedge fund manager, author, and philanthropist. He is the co-chief investment officer of Bridgewater Associates since the company was founded in 1985.

The firm received a US$5 million investment from the World Bank's retirement fund. It was listed as the largest hedge fund in the world in 2013.

Dalio was born in New York City. He studied at the C.W. Post College of Long Island University before he received his M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School in the year 1973. He then launched Bridgewater in his apartment 2 years later.

In 2020, Bloomberg ranked him as the world's 79th-wealthiest person.

Apart from investing, he is the author of the book "" in 2017. It covers corporate management and investment philosophy. "The New York Times" referred to it as "gospel of radical transparency."



Tocharian languages

The Tocharian languages were a branch of the Indo-European languages. They are now extinct. They were spoken on the northern side of the Tarim Basin (now in Xinjiang, China). Writing was found from around the 5th century to the 8th century AD. There were three known languages in the branch, named A, B and C.

FA Community Shield

The Football Association Community Shield (formerly the Charity Shield) is English football's yearly match held at Wembley Stadium. It is played between the winners of the previous Premier League season and the holders of the FA Cup. If the Premier League winners also won the FA Cup, then the league second-place finishers are the opponents. The fixture is recognised as a competitive super cup by the Football Association and UEFA.



UEFA European Under-21 Championship

The UEFA European Under-21 Championship is a football competition that happens every two years. It is played by the European men's under-21 national teams of the member associations of UEFA.

Italy and Spain have won the trophy more times than anyone else. They have won five times each. Spain are also the current champions.

Held only three times before it was relabelled by UEFA.

Only under-21 championships are included in the table.






Norilsk

Norilsk is a city in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Siberia, with almost 180,000 people. It lies about north of the arctic circle, and over north of Krasnoyarsk. There are many ore deposits in the region, especially nickel and copper. Mining ore is linked to heavy pollution of the environment. Norilsk was founded in 1935 as a site of industry, to be able to mine the ore. In 1939, the decision was taken to also build a city. Norilsk got the status of a city in 1953.

Norilsk is the northernmost city with more than 100.000 inhabitants. It is the second largest city within the arctic circle, only Murmansk is larger. Norilsk and Yakutsk are the only large cities built in the continuous permafrost zone. This means that even in summer, the ground remains frozen.

The nickel deposits of Norilsk-Talnakh are the largest-known nickel-copper-palladium deposits in the world. The smelting of the nickel ore is directly responsible for severe pollution, which generally comes in the form of acid rain and smog. By some estimates, one percent of global sulfur dioxide emission comes from Norilsk's nickel mines.

Norilsk is a closed city. This means that a special permit is needed to be able to travel to Norilsk. This permit is issued both by the Russian government, and the local mining comany. Foreigners usually do not get this permit.

Most people in Norilsk are Christian: They belong to the Russian Orthodox Church. There is a Russian Orthodox Cathedral, and several churches of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church. In 1998, a mosque was built for the local Tatar community: It is considered to be the northernmost Muslim prayer house in the world.

Norilsk can only be reached by airplane, or by boat.There is a railway line, which connects the city to Dudinka, on the river Yenisei. The airport lies about west of the ciry. Dudinka is about to the west. It is a large port on the river Yenisei. While at first, there was only the railway, a road to Dudinka has been built. The raiway now only handles freight.

On 29 May 2020 a fuel reservoir collapsed, flooding the nearby Ambarnaya River with 20,000 tonnes of diesel fuel. The reservoir was the property of the local mining company, a Nornickel subsidiary, NTEK. Russian president Vladimir Putin declared a state of emergency. The fuel was a reserve used as a backup for the main gas supply to a power plant. The storage tank was built on permafrost. According to a statement by the company, the permafrost could possibly have melted and become unstable because of climate change. An area of 350 square kilometres (135 square miles) has been contaminated. It will be difficult to clean this because there are no roads and the river is too shallow for boats and barges. Oleg Mitvol estimates that the clean-up will cost about 100 billion rubles (1.5 billion US$) and take 5–10 years.

Immigration detention in the United States

The United States government holds tens of thousands of immigrants in detention. The Customs and Border Protection (CBP; principally the Border Patrol) and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) do this. Immigrants are detained for entering into the United States illegally, when their requests for asylum are received (and before they are released into the United States by parole), and in the process of deportation and removal from the country. During Fiscal Year 2018, 396,448 people were in ICE custody: 242,778 of them were detained by CBP and 153,670 by ICE. A daily average of 42,188 immigrants (40,075 adult and 2,113 in families) were held by ICE in that year. More than twelve thousand immigrant children are in buildings that the Office of Refugee Resettlement's program for Unaccompanied Alien Children controls. Before they are moved to these other agencies, the CBP keeps immigrants at processing centers; between mid-May and mid-June 2019, it kept between 14,000 and 18,000 immigrants.

City College of New York

The City College of the City University of New York (City College of New York, or simply City College, CCNY, or City) is a public college of the City University of New York (CUNY) system in New York City. The institution was founded in 1847. It was the first free public institution of higher education in the United States. It is the oldest of CUNY's 24 institutions of higher learning. It is considered its flagship college.

Located in Hamilton Heights overlooking Harlem in Manhattan, City College's 35-acre (14 ha) Collegiate Gothic campus spans Convent Avenue from 130th to 141st Streets.

It was initially designed by renowned architect George B. Post, and many of its buildings have achieved landmark status. It offers degree programs for working adults with classes in the evenings and Saturdays. Its satellite campus, City College Downtown in the Cunard Building at 25 Broadway, has been in operation since 1981.

The college has alumni that were awarded:




École de management de Normandie

École de management de Normandie is an European higher studies establishment. The school is in 5 places, in Paris, in Le Havre, in Caen, in Oxford and in Dublin. It is has been created in 1871.

EM Normandie is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Abdul Moshabbir

Abdul Moshabbir (-28 November 2018) was a politician who served Habiganj District in Bangladesh.

Abdul Moshabbir was born in 1938 in Srimatpur village of Kaliar Bhanga Union in Nabiganj Upazila of Habiganj District of Sylhet Division.

Moshabbir is a lawyer who was the president of Habiganj District Awami Bar Association. He was the president of Habiganj district bar and general secretary of the district bar. He was elected to parliament from Habiganj-1 as a In .

He lost the Jatiya Sangsad elections of 1991 Habiganj-1 constituency with the nomination of .

Abdul Moshabbir died in 28 November 2018 in .

Phenomena (movie)

Phenomena is a 1985 Italian horror movie directed by Dario Argento. It stars Jennifer Connelly, Daria Nicolodi, Dalila Di Lazzaro, Donald Pleasence and Patrick Bauchau.


Long Dark Night

Long Dark Night () is a 2004 Croatian World War II movie directed by Antun Vrdoljak. It stars Goran Višnjić, Mustafa Nadarević, Ivo Gregurević and Goran Navojec.

Boeing 747SP

The Boeing 747SP is a jet airliner, a variant of the Boeing 747. Compared to the original 747, the 747SP has a shortened fuselage. Because of this, it can carry fewer passengers, but is able to fly longer distances. The 747SP first flew in 1975 and entered service in 1976. A total of 45 747SPs was built until 1987.

Pan Am and Iran Air both requested an airliner that could fly long range. One 747SP was modified into the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA). 

Cheyenne Autumn

Cheyenne Autumn is a 1964 American epic western movie directed by John Ford and starring Richard Widmark, Carroll Baker, James Stewart, Edward G. Robinson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Awards in 1965.


Kernouës

Kernouës () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Kersaint-Plabennec

Kersaint-Plabennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Burlington, Illinois

Burlington is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Lampaul-Guimiliau

Lampaul-Guimiliau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

La Tour-du-Pin

La Tour-du-Pin is a commune. It is found in the Isère department in the southeastern part of France.

Tab stop

A tab stop is a term used to describe the location the cursor stops after the tab key is pressed. Tab stops are used in word processors to enable users to align text by pressing the tab key. Below is a picture of the ruler bar in Microsoft Office with each of the left tab stops marked as bold L's. If these were right tabs, the L would be backwards. In Microsoft Word, the tab selector, also called the tab indicator, is a button to the left of the ruler that provides a variety of tab marker options.

Milad Tower

Milad Tower is a radio and television tower. It is in the northwest of Tehran, the capital of Iran. This tower is the tallest tower in Iran with a height of . Milad Tower is the sixth tallest radio and television tower in the world. Milad Tower is the nineteenth tallest single structure in the world. This tower is the first among all radio and television towers in the world. Milad Tower is visible almost everywhere in Tehran due to its great height. So, it is considered a symbol of the capital of Iran. Some believe that engineers built the tower on the fault system of West Town.

Burnt Offerings

Burnt Offerings is a 1976 American Italian horror movie directed by Dan Curtis and based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Robert Marasco. It stars Karen Black, Oliver Reed, Bette Davis, Lee H. Montgomery, Burgess Meredith, Eileen Heckart and was distributed by United Artists.


Black and White in Color

Black and White in Color is a 1976 Ivorian French World War I comedy movie directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starring Jean Carmet, Jacques Dufilho, Catherine Rouvel, Jacques Spiesser, Maurice Barrier. It won an Academy Award in 1977.

Next Stop, Greenwich Village

Next Stop, Greenwich Village is a 1976 American comedy drama movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Lenny Baker, Shelley Winters, Ellen Greene, Lois Smith, Christopher Walken, Bill Murray, Jeff Goldblum, Antonio Fargas. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Last Hard Men

The Last Hard Men is a 1976 American western movie directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and based on the 1971 novel "Gundown" by Brian Garfield. It stars Charlton Heston, James Coburn, Barbara Hershey, Jorge Rivero, Michael Parks, Larry Wilcox, Christopher Mitchum and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Suspiria

Suspiria is a 1977 Italian horror movie directed by Dario Argento and starring Jessica Harper, Stefania Casini, Flavio Bucci, Miguel Bosé, Alida Valli, Udo Kier, Joan Bennett. It was distributed by Produzioni Atlas Consorziate.


Kenny &amp; Company

Kenny & Company is a 1976 American comedy drama movie directed by Don Coscarelli and starring A. Michael Baldwin, Jeff Roth, Reggie Bannister. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Bon

Bon, also spelled Bön, is a religion of Tibet. The modern form of Bon has its roots in the late 900s and 1000s CE, when the first Bon monasteries were started in Tibet. There are many teachings in Bon that are similar to Buddhist teachings, and so people who study Bon disagree whether it should be called a kind of Buddhism or not. Followers of Bon believe that it was founded by a teacher called Tonpa Shenrab who lived many years ago in a land called Tazig. Some people think that Tazig refers to Persia, Central Asia, or the area around Mount Kailash in western Tibet. According to Tibetans, Bon was popular in Tibet before Buddhism became the main religion of Tibet, but some non-Tibetans like Per Kvœrne say there isn't much connection between religion in Tibet before Buddhism and the living tradition of Bon. After the Chinese army sent troops to Tibet in 1959, some followers of Bon were forced to leave Tibet and many Bon monasteries and temples were shut down. Many of the followers of Bon who left Tibet started Bon centers in cities around the world. Today, most people who believe in Bon are ethnic Tibetans, but a small number of non-Tibetans have started to believe in Bon too.

The "yungdrung", or left-facing swastika, is a sacred symbol in Bon, and the living tradition of Bon is sometimes called Yungdrung Bon, meaning "eternal Bon" in Tibetan. The "yungdrung", like the vajra in Tibetan Buddhism, represents eternity because it is said that the "yungdrung" cannot be destroyed and lasts forever.

Tibetan Buddhists used to write many bad things about Bon, arguing that Bon had stolen most of its teachings from Buddhism, a view that people studying Bon from Europe and North America sometimes agreed with. The fourteenth Dalai Lama, who is seen as a religious leader by most Tibetans, said that Bon is as much part of Tibetan religion as Buddhism, encouraging people to treat Bon with respect.

Followers of Bon are called Bonpos. Bonpos believe in many gods. These gods include the creator god, Sangpo Bumtri, the god of compassion Shenlha Ökar, the goddess of compassion Sherab Chamma, and the founder of Bon Tonpa Shenrab.

Amorite language

Amorite was a Semitic language. It was spoken in the Bronze Age by tribes in the Near East. It is now extinct.

Alaba-K'abeena language

Alaba and K'abeena are two very similar Cushitic languages. Some people think they are dialects of one another. These people call the language Alaba-K'abeena. They are spoken in Ethiopia. The languages are similar to the Kambaata language. Alaba and K'abeena are spoken by about 300,000 people.

Lowland East Cushitic languages

The Lowland East Cushitic languages are a branch of Cushitic languages spoken on the Horn of Africa. There are around 25 languages in the branch still spoken. The most spoken are the Oromo and Somali languages.

Used Cars

Used Cars is a 1980 American black comedy movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and starring Kurt Russell, Jack Warden, Gerrit Graham, Frank McRae, Cheryl Rixon, Alfonso Arau, Deborah Harmon, Michael McKean. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Balkan Romance languages

The Balkan Romance languages are a branch of Eastern Romance languages spoken in the Balkans. There are four languages in the branch, Aromanian, Romanian (also called Daco-Romanian), Istro-Romanian, and Megleno-Romanian.

Italo-Western languages

The Italo-Western languages are the largest branch of Romance languages. They are made up of two branches, the Italo-Dalmatian languages and the Western Romance languages.

Italo-Dalmatian languages

The Italo-Dalmatian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They are mainly spoken in Italy. Some of them used to be spoken in Croatia.


A Simple Story

A Simple Story () is a 1970 Tunisian drama movie directed by Abdellatif Ben Ammar and starring Labiba Ben Ammar, Juliet Berto, Pia Colombo.

Western Romance languages

The Western Romance languages are a branch of Romance languages. The main languages in the branch are Spanish, French, and Portuguese. The branch has two parts, Gallo-Romance and Iberian Romance.

Fire Sale

Fire Sale is a 1977 American comedy movie directed by Alan Arkin (who also stars) and based on the novel by Robert Klane. It stars Rob Reiner, Vincent Gardenia, Kay Medford, Alex Rocco, Anjanette Comer, Sid Caesar, Oliver Clark and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

World Artistic Gymnastics Championships

The Artistic Gymnastics World Championships are the world championships for artistic gymnastics. The games are held by the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique (FIG). The first championships was held in 1903 for male gymnasts. Since the tenth game of the tournament, in 1934, women's events are held together with men's events. 

Kurt Thomas (gymnast)

Kurt Bilteaux Thomas (March 29, 1956 – June 5, 2020) was an American Olympic gymnast. He was born in Miami, Florida. Thomas became a member of the U.S. Olympic team at the 1976 Summer Olympics. In 1978, Thomas was the first American male gymnast to win a gold medal in floor exercise in a world championship. 

Thomas died of stroke-related problems at a hospital in Frisco, Texas on June 5, 2020 at the age of 64.

Christel DeHaan

Christel DeHaan (nee Stark, October 20, 1942 – June 6, 2020) was a German-born American businesswoman and philanthropist. She was the owner of Resort Condominiums International and the founder of Christel House International. DeHaan was born in Nördlingen, Germany.

DeHaan died on June 6, 2020 at her home in Indianapolis, Indiana at the age of 77.

Marjan (singer)

Shahla Safi Zamir (, 1948 – 6 June 2020), better known by her stage name Marjan (), was an Iranian singer and actress. 

Her career lasted from 1969 to 2012. She was born in Shiraz, Iran. Her best known roles were in "Morgh-e tokhm-tala", "Salam Bar Eshgh" and "Takye bar baad".

Marjan died on 6 June 2020, aged 72.

She died due to a cardiac arrest. She spent the last years of her life in .

Jordi Mestre

Jordi Mestre Molina (14 September 1981 – 6 June 2020), best known as Jordi Mestre, was a Spanish actor and model. He became famous for his work as reporter on the successful Spanish TV show "Sé lo que hicisteis...". He was born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Province of Barcelona.

Mestre was killed in a motorcycle crash in Madrid on 6 June 2020, aged 38.

Cheaper by the Dozen (2003 movie)

Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy movie directed by Shawn Levy. It stars Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt. It is a remake of the 1950 movie of the same name.

The movie was released on December 25, 2003, by 20th Century Fox and made $190.2 million worldwide. 

A sequel, "Cheaper by the Dozen 2", was released in the United States on December 21, 2005. Both movies were inspired by the real life Gilbreth family and the semi-autobiographical account of their lives as written in "Cheaper by the Dozen" by Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr. and his sister Ernestine Gilbreth Carey.

Cheaper by the Dozen 2

Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is a 2005 American family comedy movie directed by Adam Shankman. Steve Martin, Bonnie Hunt, Hilary Duff, Piper Perabo, Alyson Stoner, and Tom Welling return to their roles from the first movie. Eugene Levy and Carmen Electra co-star.



Ernestine Gilbreth Carey

Ernestine Moller Gilbreth, Mrs. Carey (April 5, 1908 – November 4, 2006) was an American author. She was born in New York City. With her brother, Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr., they wrote the semi-autobiographical book "Cheaper by the Dozen". She also wrote "Belles on Their Toes".

Carey died on November 4, 2006 in Fresno, California at the age of 98.

Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr.

Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr. (March 17, 1911 – February 18, 2001) was an American journalist and author. He was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. He co-authored, with his sister Ernestine, the autobiographical bestsellers "Cheaper by the Dozen" and "Belles on Their Toes".

Gilbreth died on February 18, 2001, aged 89, in Charleston, South Carolina. 

Frank Bunker Gilbreth

Frank Bunker Gilbreth (July 7, 1868 – June 14, 1924) was an American engineer, consultant, and author. He was known as an early supporter of scientific management and time and motion study. He is best known as the father and main figure of "Cheaper by the Dozen".

Both he and his wife Lillian Moller Gilbreth were industrial engineers. They were key figures to the study of industrial engineering.

Fairfield, Maine

Fairfield is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 6,484 at the 2020 census.

Lillian Moller Gilbreth

Lillian Evelyn Moller Gilbreth (May 24, 1878 – January 2, 1972) was an American psychologist, industrial engineer, consultant, and educator. She was known for her works with psychology to time-and-motion studies. She was called "a genius in the art of living." 

Gilbreth, one of the first female engineers to earn a Ph.D.. She and her husband, Frank Bunker Gilbreth, were experts who work to the study of industrial engineering. 

Hampton, New Jersey

Hampton is a borough in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 1,438.

Everson, Washington

Everson is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,481 at the 2010 census.

Everson and the nearby city of Nooksack.

Nooksack, Washington

Nooksack ( ) is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, close to the border with Canada. The population was 1,338 at the 2010 census.

Sumas, Washington

Sumas is a small city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,307 at the 2010 census. 

North Plainfield, New Jersey

North Plainfield is a borough in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census the borough's population was 22,808.

Ilana Glazer

Ilana Rose Glazer (born April 12, 1987) is an American comedian, director, producer, writer, and actress. She co-created and co-starred, with Abbi Jacobson, the Comedy Central series "Broad City". She was twice nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series for the series. 

Glazer also starred in the 2017 movie "Rough Night".

St. James, New York

St. James is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 13,487 at the 2020 census.

Madonna and Child with Two Angels (Pittoni)

Madonna and Child with Two Angels (also known as La Madonna e il figlio con due angeli) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1725, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, 
exhibited at the National Museum, Warsaw. 


The Incredible Melting Man

The Incredible Melting Man is a 1977 American science fiction horror movie directed by William Sachs and starring Alex Rebar, Burr DeBenning, Myron Healey, Jonathan Demme, Lisle Wilson, Janus Blythe. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


False vacuum

A false vacuum is an idea from theoretical physics: In quantum field theory, such a vacuum might exist for a very long time, before it changes its state. Much like with a true vacuum, a false vacuum exists where the energy is minimal. In the case of a true vacuum, this is at a global minimum of the energy function. With a false vacuum, the energy function is only at a local minimum. As is illustrated in the figure, there is a "peak" between the local minimum and the global minimum of the energy function.

How the system changes its energy state is called bubble nucleation: Somewhere in the universe, a bubble will appear, with a lower energy state inside the bubble. This bubble will then spread and change the energy state of its surroundings.

All energy fields are thought to be in a true vacuum state except one, the Higgs field. The Higgs field is thought to be Metastable, where it is only in its local minimum energy and is not in a true vacuum state yet.

Vacuum decay is a theory that, should the Higgs field release its potential energy, it will create a cascade effect where more energy is released over and over again, releasing even more energy, creating a sphere that destroys everything it interacts with.

This would be completely undetectable, and some may exist already (though very unlikely. Close to impossible) Even so, they might never reach Earth due to the expansion of the universe. Current calculations suggest that if this occurs, it will be in trillions of years. By that point, the universe will be going through Heat Death.

Ryan Prescott (actor)

Ryan Andrew Prescott (born 21 January 1989) is an English actor. He is best known his the role as Ryan Connor on the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", he began starring in the role in 2018. In 2011, Prescott played the role of Flynn Buchanan in ITV's fellow soap opera "Emmerdale".

Prescott was born in Southport, England.

President of Estonia

The President of the Republic of Estonia () is the head of state of the Republic of Estonia. The current President is Alar Karis since 11 October 2021.

There are three living former Estonian presidents:
The most recent President to die was Lennart Meri, who died on March 14 2006.


Konstantin Päts

Konstantin Päts ( – 18 January 1956) was the President of Estonia from 1938 to 1940.

Lennart Meri

Lennart Georg Meri (29 March 1929 – 14 March 2006) was an Estonian politician, writer, and movie director. He was the second President of Estonia from 1992 to 2001.

Kersti Kaljulaid

Kersti Kaljulaid (born 30 December 1969) is an Estonian politician. She was the fifth President of Estonia, in office from 10 October 2016 until 11 October 2021. She is the first female head of state of Estonia and the youngest ever President, age 46 at the time of her election.

She ran for a second term in 2021, however she did not get enough MP support to become a candidate in the election.

Prime Minister of Estonia

The Prime Minister of Estonia ("Estonian: peaminister", literally Main Minister or Head Minister) is the head of government of the Republic of Estonia. The prime minister is nominated by the President and confirmed by the Parliament.

The current Prime Minister is Kaja Kallas of the Reform Party.

Andres Tarand

Andres Tarand (born 11 January 1940) is an Estonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1994 to 1995. He was also a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Social Democratic Party, part of the Party of European Socialists, between 2004 and 2009. 

Mart Laar

Mart Laar (born 22 April 1960) is an Estonian politician and historian. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1992 to 1994 and from 1999 to 2002. He is a member of the centre-right Isamaa party.

Jüri Ratas

Jüri Ratas (born 2 July 1978) is an Estonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 2016 until 2021. He has been the Leader of the Centre Party since 2016. 

Somerdale, New Jersey

Somerdale is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,566.

Mariya Shtepa

Mariya Shtepa (Ukrainian: Марія Степанівна Штепа, 13 March 1925 — 1 June 2020) was a Ukrainian writer. She was involved in the Ukrainian War of Independence. In 1942 she became a member of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists.

On 22 August 2016 she was awarded the Order of Princess Olga of the III degree by the Ukrainian president President Petro Poroshenko.

From 1944 to 1946, she was active in he armed underground in Chortkiv Raion. In 1946, Maria was arrested by the Ministry of State Security, and sentenced to 10 years. She was in prison at Mordovia and Chelyabinsk region.

In the 1980s, she organized a church choir in the village of Bilobozhnytsia. She initiated the construction of a "Victims of the totalitarian regime" monument, in the center of the village, and the restoration of the tomb of the Sich Rifleman in the Bilobozhnytsia cemetery.

She founded a museum of political prisoners and repressed in Chortkiv district in the premises of buchach diocese department of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church. 

Shtepa died on 1 June 2020 in Chortkiv, Ukraine at the age of 95.

Andrée Champagne

Andrée Champagne, (July 17, 1939June 6, 2020) was a Canadian actress and Conservative politician. She was born in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec. She was a member of the House of Commons from 1984 to 1993. Champagne was the Senator for Quebec from 2005 to 2014. She played Donalda in the television movie "Les Belles Histoires des pays d'en haut".

Champagne died on June 6, 2020 at the age of 80.

Lester Ryan

Lester Ryan (18 April 1959 – 6 June 2020) was an Irish sportsman. He was born in County Kilkenny. He played hurling with his local club Clara and with the Kilkenny intercounty team. Ryan won two All-Ireland Minor Hurling medals, three Leinster Senior Hurling medals and appeared in two All-Ireland finals.

Ryan was killed in a bike crash on 6 June 2020 in Gowran, Ireland at the age of 61.

Ramadan Shalah

Ramadan Abdullah Mohammed Shalah (1 January 1958 – 6 June 2020) was a Palestinian militant. He was the leader of Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) between 27 October 1995 and 2018. PIJ has been designated a terrorist organisation by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Japan, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Israel. 

In 2006, he was placed on the United States FBI Most Wanted Terrorists list.

In April 2018, Shalah suffered a many strokes. He died on 6 June 2020 in Lebanon from heart surgery-related problems, aged 62.

Andrea Veggio

Andrea Veggio (28 August 1923 – 6 June 2020) was an Italian Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Manerba del Garda, Italy. 

He was ordained a priest on 29 June 1947. He was appointed auxiliary bishop to the Diocese of Verona on 1 August 1983. He was ordained bishop on 8 September 1983. He retired from the diocese of Verona on 8 September 2001.

Veggio died on 6 June 2020 in Negrar, Italy. He was 96 years old.

Jean-Alphonse Turrettini

Jean-Alphonse Turrettini (August 1671 – May 1737) was a theologian from the Republic of Geneva. The son of François Turrettini, he was born at Geneva. ... Here he became pastor of the Italian congregation, and in 1697 professor of church history. During the next forty years of his life he enjoyed great influence in Geneva as the advocate of a more liberal theology than had prevailed under the preceding generation, and it was largely through him that the rule obliging ministers to subscribe to the Helvetic Consensus was abolished in 1706, and the Consensus itself renounced in 1725. He also wrote and labored for the promotion of union between the Reformed and Lutheran Churches.

His most important work was "Nubes testium pro moderato et pacifico de rebus theologicis judicio, et instituenda inter Protestantes concordia" (Geneva, 1729). Besides this he wrote "Cogitationes et dissertationes theologicae", on the principles of natural and revealed religion (2 vols., Geneva, 1737; in French, "Traité de la vérité de la religion chrétienne") and commentaries on "Thessalonians" and "Romans".) of theology

Inherent Vice (movie)

Inherent Vice is a 2014 American neo-noir movie based on Thomas Pynchon's 2009 novel of the same name, and written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. It follows a stoner hippie investigating the case related to his ex-girlfriend and her wealthy boyfriend. The cast includes Joaquin Phoenix, Josh Brolin, Owen Wilson, Katherine Waterston, Eric Roberts, Reese Witherspoon, Benicio del Toro, Jena Malone, Joanna Newsom, Jeannie Berlin, Maya Rudolph, Michael K. Williams and Martin Short. The movie had a limited theatrical release in the United States on December 12, 2014. It had mixed responses with critics liking Phoenix's performance and disliking the plot. 

Jeannie Berlin

Jeannie Berlin (born Jeannie Brette May, November 1, 1949) is an American actress and screenwriter. She was born in Los Angeles. She is known for her role in the 1972 movie "The Heartbreak Kid", for which she received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations. Her mother is actress, comedian and director Elaine May.

She later played the leading role in "Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York" (1975). She also starred in "Margaret" (2011), "Inherent Vice" (2014) and "Cafe Society" (2016).

Michael K. Williams

Michael Kenneth Williams (November 22, 1966 – September 6, 2021) was an American actor. He played Omar Little on the HBO drama series "The Wire" and Albert "Chalky" White on the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire". 

Williams died on the morning of September 6, 2021 at his New York City apartment at the age of 54. His death is being investigated as a possible drug overdose.

The Heartbreak Kid (1972 movie)

The Heartbreak Kid is a 1972 dark romantic comedy directed by Elaine May, and written by Neil Simon. It starred Charles Grodin, Jeannie Berlin, Eddie Albert, Audra Lindley, Doris Roberts and Cybill Shepherd. It is based on the short story "A Change of Plan", written by Bruce Jay Friedman.

It is #91 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs, a list of the funniest American movies ever made.

It was remade in 2007 as "The Heartbreak Kid" starring Ben Stiller and Malin Åkerman.

Audra Lindley

Audra Marie Lindley (September 24, 1918 – October 16, 1997) was an American actress. She was most famous for her role as landlady Helen Roper on the sitcom "Three's Company" and its spin-off "The Ropers". She was born in Los Angeles.

From 1972 to 1979, she was married to actor James Whitmore.

Lindley died of leukemia on October 16, 1997 at a Los Angeles hospital, aged 79.

Jimmy O. Yang

Jimmy O. Yang (; born June 11, 1987) is a Hong Kong-American actor, stand-up comedian, and writer. He is best known for starring as Jian-Yang in the HBO comedy series "Silicon Valley".

Hsu Kun-yuan

Hsu Kun-yuan (1 May 1957 – 6 June 2020) was a Taiwanese politician. He was born in Kaohsiung, Taiwan. He was a member of the Kuomintang. He was a member of the Kaohsiung City Council from 1994 until his death. From 2010 to 2014 and again from 2018 until his death, he was Speaker of the City Council.

Hsu killed himself after jumping off his home in Kaohsiung on 6 June 2020, aged 63.

Lynne Carol

Joseph Caroline Gertude Mary Faith Harber (29 June 1914 – 30 June 1990), better known as Lynne Carol, was a Welsh born (but often described as English) actress.

She is best known for her primarily roles in television serieses and telemovies, as playing busybody Martha Longhurst in the soap opera "Coronation Street" from the second episode in 1960 until the character was killed in 1964.

Whiffs

Whiffs is a 1975 American crime comedy movie directed by Ted Post and starring Elliott Gould, Eddie Albert, Harry Guardino, Godfrey Cambridge, Jennifer O'Neill. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1976.

Las furias

Las furias is a 1960 Argentine drama movie directed by Vlasta Lah and based on the play of the same name. It stars Mecha Ortiz, Olga Zubarry, Aída Luz, Alba Múgica.

The Motorcycle Diaries (movie)

The Motorcycle Diaries () is a 2004 biopic about the journey and written memoir of the 23-year-old Ernesto Guevara, who would become known as the notorious Marxist guerrilla leader and revolutionary leader Che Guevara. 

It stars Gael García Bernal, Rodrigo de la Serna, Mercedes Morán, Jean Pierre Noher and was distributed by Focus Features. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2005.

Katy Cavanagh

Kathryn Sarah Collins (born 12 December 1973), known professionally as Katy Cavanagh, is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Julie Carp in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 2008 to 2015, PC Mel Draper in the BBC One drama series "The Cops" from 1998 to 2001, and Anita Kenrick in the ITV drama soap opera "Bob & Rose" in 2001. She was born in North Shields, Northumberland, but was raised in Bolton, Greater Manchester.

Dwarf rocket frog

The dwarf rocket frog ("Litoria dorsalis") is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in forests, wetlands and grasslands.

The dwarf rocket frog may have moved from Australia to New Guinea 15,000 years ago.

Lingala language

Lingala is a Bantu language spoken in the North-East of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the North of the Republic of the Congo. It has the status of national language in those two countries.


Adeline Sacré

Adeline Sacré (born 12 March 1998 in Saint-Jean-d'Angély) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships. and 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship.


Aurélie Battu

Aurélie Battu (born 18 September 1997) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships. and 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

On a club level, she plays for Union Saint-Bruno Bordeaux.


Lampaul-Plouarzel

Lampaul-Plouarzel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lampaul-Ploudalmézeau

Lampaul-Ploudalmézeau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanarvily

Lanarvily () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landéda

Landéda () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landeleau

Landeleau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landerneau

Landerneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landévennec

Landévennec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landivisiau

Landivisiau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine

Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine is a commune of 51,108 people (2017). It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Sevran

Sevran is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Stains

Stains is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Tremblay-en-France

Tremblay-en-France is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Vaujours

Vaujours is a commune. It is in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Villemomble

Villemomble is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis

Villepinte is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France. In 2017, 36,830 people lived there.

Villetaneuse

Villetaneuse is a commune. It is found in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in France.

Landrévarzec

Landrévarzec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landudal

Landudal () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landudec

Landudec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Landunvez

Landunvez () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Langolen

Langolen () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanhouarneau

Lanhouarneau () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanildut

Lanildut () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lanmeur

Lanmeur () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lannéanou

Lannéanou () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

96 (number)

Ninety-six is a number. It comes between ninety-five and ninety-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16, 24, 32, 48, and 96.

97 (number)

Ninety-seven is a number. It comes between ninety-six and ninety-eight, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

98 (number)

Ninety-eight is a number. It comes between ninety-seven and ninety-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 7, 14, 49, and 98.

In Roman numerals, it is XCVIII.

99 (number)

Ninety-nine is a number. It comes between ninety-eight and one hundred, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 9, 11, 33, and 99.

Lannédern

Lannédern () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

First Class Thieves

First Class Thieves () is a 2005 Croatian comedy movie directed by Fadil Hadžić and starring Goran Grgić, Emir Hadžihafizbegović, Mladen Vulić, Franjo Dijak, Boro Stjepanović.

Cabery, Illinois

Cabery is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Jayton, Texas

Jayton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lanneuffret

Lanneuffret () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Lannilis

Lannilis () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Norilsk railway

The Norilsk railway connects the river port of Dudinka with the mining towns of Kayerkan, Norilsk, and Talnach. Different ore mines and industries are also connected to the line. The line has a single track. Originally, it was done as a narrow-gauge railway (gauge: 1m); later it was re-done as a Russian standard gauge (of 1.5m). It used to be electrified, but this was removed in the 1990s. Since then it only runs freight trains.

A paved highway from Dudinka to Norilsk was built in the 1990s; since then, the Norilsk railway no longer runs passenger services.

The railway is owned by the mining company.

The line has a length of a bit over , in total there are over of track.

Lanrivoaré

Lanrivoaré () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Gordon County, Georgia

Gordon County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 57,544 people lived there. The county seat is Calhoun.

Grady County, Georgia

Grady County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 26,236 people lived there. The county seat is Cairo.

Harris County, Georgia

Harris County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 34,668 people lived there. The county seat is Hamilton.

Meriwether County, Georgia

Meriwether County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 20,613 people lived there. The county seat is Greenville.

Schley County, Georgia

Schley County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 4,547 people lived there. The county seat is Ellaville.

Lanvéoc

Lanvéoc () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. The military school École navale is here.

Ellaville, Georgia

Ellaville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Schley County.

Policja

The police force in Poland is called "policja." It was created in 1990 and has about 100,000 officers. Every Polish region has its own police department, and Warsaw has a separate department, called the Capital Police Command "(Komenda Stołeczna Policji)." It also counts the employees of BOA/SPAP, special police units. Most of the towns and some villages in Poland also have their city guards, which provide help to the police.

The Polish Police Headquarters is located in Warsaw. Polish police schools are located in Piła, Słupsk, Katowice, and Legionowo.

Previous Polish police was called "Milicja Obywatelska," it was active during the Polish Peoples Republic.

Sebastián Sichel

Sebastián Iglesias Sichel Ramírez (born 30 July 1977) is a Chilean politician and lawyer. He is current president of the Banco del Estado de Chile, the country's state bank.

He previously served as Minister of Social Development and Family and former Executive Vice President of Corfo, under the second government of Sebastián Piñera.

He studied at the Alexander Fleming Lyceum. He received his law degree from the Pontificia Universidad Católica (PUC). He also received his his master's degree in public law from the same university. He was a professor of constitutional law at the San Sebastián University from 2016 to 2018.

He is married to journalist Bárbara Encina since 2008. Together, they have three children.


Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire

The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire was a fire that happened on March 25, 1911. The fire happened in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory. This factory was on the higher floors of the Asch Building in Manhattan, New York City. The fire stopped after 20 minutes. 146 workers died.

The company's owners, Max Blanck and Isaac Harris, survived the fire by going to the building's roof when the fire started. They were indicted on charges of first and second-degree manslaughter in mid-April. Their trial began on December 4, 1911. Max Steuer was the lawyer for the defendants. He asked one of the survivors, Kate Alterman, to repeat her testimony many times. She repeated it without changing what she said. Steuer told the jury that Alterman and other witnesses had been told what to say by their lawyer. The prosecution said that Blanck and Harris knew the factory doors were locked during the fire. Detectives found that the locks were locked while people were working. The defense said that the prosecution failed to prove that the owners knew that. The jury acquitted the two men of first- and second-degree manslaughter. They were found liable of wrongful death during a civil suit in 1913. In this suit, plaintiffs were given $75 per person that died in the fire. An insurance company paid Blanck and Harris about $60,000 more than the reported losses. This was about $400 per dead person. In 1913, Blanck was once again arrested for locking the door in his factory while people were working. He was fined $20. This was the smallest amount of money the fine could be. Because of the lax labor laws at the time, this tragedy led to the rise of factory workers safety protections and the formation of workers Unions such as the International Ladies Garment Union.


Thunder and Lightning (movie)

Thunder and Lightning is a 1977 American action comedy movie directed by Corey Allen and starring Kate Jackson, David Carradine, Sterling Holloway, Patrick Cranshaw, Charles Napier, George Murdock, Ron Feinberg. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Spy Who Loved Me (movie)

The Spy Who Loved Me is a 1977 British spy action movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and is the 10th movie in the "James Bond" franchise. It stars Roger Moore, Barbara Bach, Curd Jürgens, Bernard Lee, Geoffrey Keen, Caroline Munro, Richard Kiel, Lois Maxwell, Desmond Llewelyn, Shane Rimmer and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1978.


Fun with Dick and Jane (1977 movie)

Fun with Dick and June is a 1977 American comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Jane Fonda, George Segal, Ed McMahon, Richard Gautier, Allan Miller, Fred Willard, Anne Ramsey, Thayer David, Sean Frye. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was remade in 2005.


Clémentine Valverde

Clémentine Valverde (born September 23, 1992 in Longjumeau) is a French water polo player. She was selected for the France team in 2010. She participated at the 2013 Summer Universiade.

Clémentine Valverde was twice winner of the Coupe de France with the ASPTT Nancy water polo. She then joined the Olympic Nice Natation where she won the Championship.


Géraldine Mahieu

Géraldine Mahieu (born 15 September 1993) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Aurore Sacré

Aurore Sacré (born on April 13, 1993 in Saint-Jean-d'Angély) is a French water polo player.

She competed with the French women's national water polo team at the 2014 European Women's Water Polo Championship, the 2015 Women's World Water Polo Championship, and the 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, and 2017 Women's World Water Polo Championship.

She plays at the Angers Nautic Club.


Lea Bachelier

Lea Bachelier (born 13 February 1993) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


University of Greenland

University of Greenland is in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland.

Estelle Millot

Estelle Millot (born 21 December 1993) is a French water polo player. She participated at the 2011 Summer Universiade, 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Water Polo Championship, 2015 Summer Universiade, and 2017 World Water Polo Championship.

She plays in the French pro A championship and in the National team.
She is a trainer at Olympique Nice Natation.

John Miller (pitcher)

John Ernest Miller (May 30, 1941 – June 5, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He played in all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles between 1962 through 1967. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Miller died on June 5, 2020 at the age of 79.

Marian Tomaszewski

Marian Bronisław Tomaszewski (13 August 1922 – 5 June 2020) was a Polish scout leader. He was an officer of the 2nd Polish Corps and a tank commander in the 6th Armoured Regiment "Children of Lwów" during World War II.

After the war he spent nearly 45 years in exile in Italy and the United Kingdom. He was one of the leaders of the Polish community in Manchester.

Tomaszewski died on 5 June 2020 in Bury, England at the age of 97.

Reche Caldwell

Donald Reche Caldwell Jr. ( or ; March 28, 1979 – June 6, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was born in Tampa, Florida.

Caldwell was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons in the 2000s. Caldwell played college football for the Florida Gators. He played professionally for the San Diego Chargers, New England Patriots and Washington Redskins of the NFL. 

Caldwell was shot and killed during a robbery in Tampa on June 6, 2020 at the age of 41.

Ken Riley

Kenneth Jerome Riley (August 6, 1947 – June 7, 2020) was a professional American football cornerback. He was born in Bartow, Florida. Riley played his entire career for the Cincinnati Bengals, in the American Football League in 1969 and in the NFL from 1970 through 1983. In college, he played for the Florida A&M Rattlers for Florida A&M University.

Riley died on June 7, 2020 of a heart attack at the age of 72.

Albert S. Ruddy

Albert S. Ruddy (born March 28, 1930) is a Canadian-born American movie and television producer. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. In 1972, he produced "The Godfather" and won his first of two Oscars for Best Picture. In 1974, Ruddy produced "The Longest Yard". Ruddy produced director and animator Ralph Bakshi's satirical movie "Coonskin" (1975).

Kennett, Missouri

Kennett is a city in, and the county seat of, Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The city is located east of Arkansas and from the Mississippi River. It has a population of 10,515 according to the 2020 Census.

Keegan de Lancie

John Keegan de Lancie (born October 31, 1984) is an American actor and the son of John de Lancie and Marnie Mosiman. He is best known for his role as Q (or Q Junior) in "", where he played the son of Q, portrayed by his father John de Lancie in the episode "Q2." 

He also appeared in several other popular television shows such as "Ally McBeal" and "The Drew Carey Show". Keegan has one brother named Owen de Lancie (born 1987).

Keegan went to Amman, Jordan, on a Fulbright scholarship to study Iraqi refugees. He previously worked for the International Organization for Migration and helped Iraqi Christians move to Iraq's Kurdish regions to avoid violence against them. He currently serves as a member of the U.S. Foreign Service.

Damnation Alley

Damnation Alley is a 1977 American science fiction movie directed by Jack Smight and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Roger Zelazny. It stars Jan-Michael Vincent, George Peppard, Dominique Sanda, Paul Winfield, Jackie Earle Haley, Murray Hamilton and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Julia (1977 movie)

Julia is a 1977 American drama movie directed by Fred Zinnemann and based on the 1973 novel "Pentimento" by Lillian Hellman. It stars Vanessa Redgrave, Jason Robards, Jane Fonda, Hal Holbrook, Rosemary Murphy, Maximilian Schell, Meryl Streep, Lisa Pelikan and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 11 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1978.


Iphigenia (movie)

Iphigenia is a 1977 Greek drama movie directed by Michael Cacoyannis and starring Irene Papas, Tatiana Papamoschou, Kostas Kazakos, Costas Carras. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1978.


Unfaithfully Yours (1984 movie)

Unfaithfully Yours is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Zieff and is based on the remake of the 1948 movie of the same name. It stars Dudley Moore, Nastassja Kinski, Albert Brooks, Armand Assante, Cassie Yates, Jan Triska and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Warning Sign (movie)

Warning Sign is a 1985 American science fiction horror movie directed by Hal Barwood and starring Sam Waterston, Kathleen Quinlan, Yaphet Kotto, Jeffrey DeMunn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


A View to a Kill

A View to a Kill is a 1985 British American spy action movie directed by John Glen and is the 14th movie in the "James Bond" franchise. It stars Roger Moore, Christopher Walken, Grace Jones, Tanya Roberts, Patrick Macnee, David Yip, Willoughby Gray, Alison Doody, Robert Brown, Lois Maxwell, Geoffrey Keen, Desmond Llewelyn, Dolph Lundgren and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The British pop band Duran Duran sing the title song of the movie.


Netherlands Institute for Art History

The Netherlands Institute for Art History, also known as RKD, is a large institution in The Hague in The Netherlands. It is devoted to the study of art history and has a very large library. The initials RKD stand for "Rijksbureau voor Kunsthistorische Documentatie", the older Dutch name of the institute.

The Netherlands Institute for Art History opened in 1932. Three men made the biggest contribution to the Institute's collection. The first man was Cornelis Hofstede de Groot (1863–1930). He was a collector, art historian and museum curator. In his will, he left the RKD his large collection of documents. These included about 100,000 photos of Dutch paintings and drawings from the 17th century. The second man was Frits Lugt (1884-1970). He was also a collector and art historian. He gave the institute over 100,000 reproductions of paintings, 22,000 auction catalogues and thousands of books. The third man was E.A. van Beresteyn (1876-1948), an archivist and historian. He gave the institute a lot of material on Dutch portrait painting.

The institute has a very large library of 450,000 books and around 3,000 magazines. Much of their material is digitized—very high quality pictures of book and magazine pages which are available on the internet. Many paintings and drawings are also digitized and available on the internet. The institute's website has many pages about artists with information on their life and work. Each artist has their own RKD number. The website also has a thesaurus of words used to describe art and architecture.

Vivaan Shah

Vivaan Shah (born 11 January 1990) is an Indian film actor, who made his film debut with "Saat Khoon Maaf" (2011) as Arun Kumar. Thereafter, he signed a three-film deal with director Vishal Bhardwaj. In 2014, he was given a role in Farah Khan's film "Happy New Year".

Shah is the younger son of actors Naseeruddin Shah and Ratna Pathak. He is the nephew of Lt. Gen. Zameer Uddin Shah, the former vice-chancellor of the prestigious Aligarh Muslim University. He is the brother of Imaad Shah and his paternal half sister is Heeba Shah.

Shah graduated from The Doon School in 2009.

!Year
!Title
!Role
!Notes

Crab Rave

Crab Rave is a song by Irish DJ and music producer Noisestorm. Canadian record label Monstercat released it on 1 April 2018.

"Crab Rave" was released as a small April Fool's Day joke, although it soon became popular after becoming an Internet meme due to the music video's uplifting theme and dancing crabs. In an interview with Suzana Palyan of Billboard, O'Broin expressed his appreciation for its growing popularity, writing "It's incredibly cool to see people enjoying it for the humour and video, as well as for the music itself. I really didn't anticipate the wave of new listeners and the plethora of memes based on the original; it's very fun to see the new creative variations being made every day." The music video was developed by O'Broin using the program Unreal Engine.

Lou Louise Counil

Lou Louise Counil (born 7 November 1985) is a French water polo player.

She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Lilian Hedges

Lilian Hedges (born 3 January 1994 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 FINA World League Intercontinental Cup, and 2019 FINA World League Intercontinental Cup.

She played for University of Western Australia.


Madeleine Steere

Madeleine Steere (born 15 September 1996) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of Michigan's women's water polo team.


Lena Mihailovic

Lena Mihailovic (born 10 August 1996 in Belgrade) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Arizona State University's women's water polo team.


Jessica Zimmerman

Jessica Zimmerman (born 21 February 1995) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 Summer Universiade, and 2019 Summer Universiade.


Monica Canetti

Monica Canetti is a female water polo player from Italy.

She participated in the 1989 Women's European Water Polo Championship and 1991 Women's European Water Polo Championship, winning a bronze medal.

Amy Ridge

Amy Ridge (born 15 August 1996 in Sydney) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 FINA World Cup, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.

She played for University of New South Wales's water polo team, and University of Michigan's women's water polo team.


Ioanna Charalampidi

Ioanna Charalampidi (born 19 May 1995) is a water polo player of Greece. She was part of the Greek team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Stefania Charalampidi

Stefania Charalampidi (born 19 May 1995) is a water polo player of Greece. She was part of the Greek team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Stewart Kohl

Stewart Kohl (born c. 1955) is an American businessman. He is the co-chief executive officer (CEO) of The Riverside Company, a global private equity firm with $14+ billion in assets under management.

Stewart Kohl was born and raised in Leonia, New Jersey. His father Bertram Kohl was a manufacturer’s representative and his mother, Judith Kohl, was a legal secretary who later became chief of staff for a state senator. Kohl studied economics and government at Oberlin College, graduating in 1977. At Oberlin College, he was the President of the Oberlin Student Cooperative Association.

Kohl is the co-chief executive officer and managing partner of The Riverside Company, a private equity investment firm based in Cleveland, Ohio and New York, New York. Kohl joined The Riverside Company as Co-CEO with Co-CEO Béla Szigethy in 1993. Prior to joining The Riverside Company, Kohl was a vice president at Citicorp Venture Capital, the private equity arm of Citibank. Before joining Citicorp Venture Capital, Kohl was chief operating officer for National Cooperative Business Association in Washington, D.C.

Kohl was inducted into the Ohio Foundation of Independent Colleges Hall of Excellence in 2009. Kohl and Szigethy won Mergers & Acquisitions’ M&A Mid-Market Award for Dealmakers of the Year in 2013. He was inducted into the Northeast Ohio Business Hall of Fame in 2014. Kohl earned the Harvard Business School Club of Northeastern Ohio George S. Dively Entrepreneurship Award in 2018.

Kohl has served on Cleveland Clinic's Board of Directors since 2013, currently serving on the Philanthropy Committee as Vice Chair. Kohl is an Honorary Trustee of Oberlin College and Co-Chair of the Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland.

Kohl is a founder of VeloSano, an annual charity cycling event that has raised more than $21 million for research at the Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Institute since 2014.


Snoot boot

A snoot boot is a protective covering for the nose. Snoot boots are used to keep the nose warm. They originated at the University of Illinois in 1961. They were knitted by students in Busey Hall. For a while, they became popular at American universities.

Hurricane Genevieve (2014)

Hurricane Genevieve, also known as Typhoon Genevieve, was a strong and long-lived tropical cyclone that became the fourth-strongest tropical cyclone of the 2014 Pacific typhoon season. It was also the first tropical cyclone to exist in all the three North Pacific tropical cyclone basins since Dora in 1999. Genevieve formed from a tropical wave well to the south-east of Hawaii on July 25, but weakened quickly into a remnant low due to high wind shear on July 28. The system briefly reformed in July to the south of Hawaii before dissipating once again on July 31. 

Several days later, on August 2, Genevieve regenerated. Owing to better conditions for intensification, Genevieve began to rapidly intensify, reaching hurricane strength on August 6 and major hurricane strength on August 7 shortly before crossing the International Date Line into the Western Pacific basin, where Genevieve was reclassified as a typhoon by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA).

After reaching peak intensity as a Category 5 typhoon on August 7 and 8 to the west-southwest, Genevieve began to weaken as conditions worsened. The storm rapidly weakened to severe tropical storm strength on August 10. On August 12, the JMA downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression, and Genevieve dissipated on August 14.

The National Hurricane Center (NHC) began to track a tropical wave associated with a few showers and thunderstorms, moving westward off the coast of northern Central America on July 17. Four days later, thunderstorm activity became stronger; by July 22, the area of low pressure became better organized. On July 23, the NHC noted that the system could become a tropical depression within the next two days; however, they also noted that wind shear could increase within a couple of days. After an ASCAT pass and an increase in convection, the NHC upgraded the storm to Tropical Storm Genevieve on July 25. A few hours later, the system attained its initial peak strength of 45 mph (75 km/h).
Shortly afterwards, increased wind shear took its toll on the system, causing Genevieve to lose its organization as it continued westward, under the influence of a subtropical ridge and the Intertropical Convergence Zone. After the low-level circulation center was exposed and became separated from the deep convection, the NHC downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression on July 26. Although deep convection increased near the center early on the next day, Genevieve continued to fight westerly shear when crossing 140°W, moving into the waters monitored by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC). Due to the lack of deep convection, the CPHC indicated that Genevieve had become a post-tropical remnant low early on July 28, as only a low-level cloud swirl remained. However, the CPHC noted the possibility of re-development since shear was forecast to decrease.

Roughly 36 hours later, the remnants of Genevieve regenerated into a tropical depression to the southeast of the main Hawaiian Islands. The system briefly became better organized on July 30, prompting the CPHC to forecast the storm would re-intensify into a tropical storm. However, by the end of the day, the low-level circulation center had become displaced to the east of the deep convection due to increased southeasterly shear and infiltration of dry air. By 21:00 UTC July 31, the CPHC reported that Genevieve had once again weakened into a remnant low, as only an isolated area of deep convection remained west of the center.

The remnants of Genevieve continued to travel in a generally westward direction, moving into an environment more conducive for tropical development, and on the afternoon of August 2, Genevieve regenerated into a tropical depression, as the storm reacquired deep convection and its outflow improved. By 21:00 UTC the same day, Genevieve reacquired tropical storm intensity, continuing to travel westward around the subtropical ridge to its north, but only six hours later, the CPHC downgraded Genevieve into a tropical depression. Deep convection near the center increased and decreased several times, but Genevieve failed to re-intensify. After moving south-southwest, Genevieve turned west-northwest on August 4 as it continued to track around the ridge to its north.

Despite moderate wind shear, convection soon wrapped around the southeastern side of the low-level circulation. By 21:00 UTC on August 5, the CPHC upgraded the system to a tropical storm, despite continued wind shear. Wind shear quickly decreased, triggering a period of rapid intensification. By the afternoon of August 6, Genevieve intensified to a low-end Category 1 hurricane; the system also developed a central dense overcast and well-organized banding around the newly-developed eye. Passing over very warm ocean temperatures, Genevieve rapidly intensified accelerated that evening. Based on advanced Dvorak technique estimates of as well as the presence of a very well-defined eye surrounded by very cold cloud tops, the CPHC upgraded the hurricane into Category 4 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale early on the next day.
Genevieve crossed the International Date Line at 06:00 UTC on August 7, entering the area of responsibility of the RSMC Tokyo operated by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA). The JMA recognized Genevieve as a typhoon with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 115 mph (185 km/h). The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also upgraded Genevieve to a super typhoon. Only six hours later, the JTWC reported that Genevieve had reached Category 5 status with one-minute sustained winds at 160 mph (260 km/h), with a microwave imagery revealing a diameter eyewall with a convective band over the south quadrant. As Genevieve continued to remain in a favorable environment with radial outflow and low vertical wind shear, the JMA indicated that the typhoon about 760 mi (1220 km) east-southeast of Wake Island had reached its peak intensity late on August 7, with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 125 mph (205 km/h).

During the morning of August 8, Genevieve started to track northward along the western edge of a subtropical ridge to the east and northeast.That noon, more fragmented deep convective banding revealed that Genevieve had begun a weakening trend. As the result, the JTWC downgraded Genevieve to a typhoon late on the same day, as convection surrounding the system warmed. Early on August 9, Genevieve accelerated north-northeastward, and it began to encounter increasing vertical wind shear of 35 mph (55 km/h) with subsidence along the western side and weakening outflow into the TUTT cell. The eye of the typhoon became cloud-filled, while the deepest convection around the core was also became warmer. The system began to track north-northwestward in the afternoon, when the cold dense overcast has decreased in size and become less symmetric.
Genevieve reformed a eye with more symmetric and organized convection for short time early on August 10, but the eye disappeared very soon as the system elongated further. Upper-level analysis indicated a complex environment— an anticyclone located to the southeast, a TUTT cell to the west, and a second anticyclone to the north. The TUTT cell and the first anticyclone caused strong upper-level southwestern flow and moderate vertical wind shear over the system, but the issues were offset by the quick speed of the typhoon. Tracking northwestward, Genevieve crossed 30°N at noon and began to encounter cold sea surface temperatures less than 79 °F (26 °C) which do not support tropical cyclones. At the same time, a trough expanded the region of subsidence, isolating the core from the tropical moisture along the equatorward periphery. Later, deep convection along the tightly-wrapped low-level circulation center of the typhoon diminished fast as dry air surrounded the system.

Late on August 10, the JMA downgraded Genevieve to a severe tropical storm about 670 mi (1,080 km) west-northwest of Midway Atoll, and the JTWC downgraded it to a tropical storm early on the next day. Dry air, cool ocean temperatures, and weakening link to tropical moisture caused deep convection to nearly completely dissipate. This process was hastened by the disintegration of the TUTT cell which had helped to increase equatorward outflow. Under the combination of many unfavorable
environmental factors, Genevieve weakened to a tropical storm at noon according to the JMA as it started to move west-northwestward and slowed down. As convection had largely dissipated, the JTWC downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression and stopped warnings late on the same day.

After the JMA downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression at 06:00 UTC on August 12, the system drifted westward and then northwestward very slowly until it accelerated northeastward late on August 13. The JMA reported that Genevieve had dissipated as a tropical depression before noon on August 14; however, the Ocean Prediction Center indicated that the remnants of Genevieve crossed the International Date Line and entered the Central North Pacific Ocean again late on the same day. They were eventually absorbed by another extratropical cyclone before noon on August 15.



NeXT

NeXT Inc. was an American computer and software company. It was created after Steve Jobs quit his job at Apple Inc.. It was a failure but it did get him back at Apple and as CEO. The Mac OS x's core was based entirely on the NeXT computer. Apple bought NeXT for $429 million. 

Steve Jobs used $12 million of his own money to make NeXT and it did pay off because he got his job back.

Rockhole frog

The rockhole frog, Australian cross-banded tree frog or skipping frog ("Litoria meiriana") is a small frog from Australia. It lives in Western Australia and the Northern Territory.

Male adult frogs are about 2 cm long and females are 2.2 cm long. They have webbed hind feet but their front feet are not webbed. Some are dark brown with dark green spots and some are less clear. Some have spots on their thighs. Some have white spots near their eyes.

They live near permanent bodies of water and do not like puddles or vernal pools that dry up. They live in holes in rocks and sometimes in caves or near waterfalls. They are so light that they can skip on the surface of the water like a skipping stone.

They lay eggs in pools near the bottoms of tall rocks, 30–40 eggs at a time.

Lauren Nixon

Lauren Nixon (born 22 January 1997) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of Cape Town's women's water polo team since she was 15 years old. In 2016 she won the Best Sporting First Year at University of Cape Town's annual sports awards. 

Nicola Barrett

Nicola Barrett (born 18 February 1993) was a South African water polo player and the Current South African National Ladies coach (2023). She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team for 12 years, competing in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League, as well as many junior tournaments.

She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team.

While competing in the USA, Nicola received the Presidents award for excellence in academics, service and athletics, the “Make a Difference” award for her leadership as the WAC SAAC President, and was a 2 Time MPSF Honourable Mention. 

She was also a NCAA Woman of the Year Nominee in 2017, being 1 of the 4 water polo players in the US nominated along with Maggie Steffens. 

Zandre Smit

Zandre Smit Mimica (born 2 October 1998) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships she is also a renowned netball player who was crucial in South Africa’s first ever silver medal in international fast 5 netball competition held in New Zealand in 2022.


Amy Keevy

Amy Keevy (born 13 July 1992) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2016 Summer Olympics qualifications and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She coached for Rangers Water Polo Club.


Castilian languages

The Castillian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in central Spain, and then spread to nearly all of Spain. The main language in the branch is Spanish, which has around 480 million speakers around the world. Since the colonial era, Spanish has been spoken in Latin America.

Iberian Romance languages

The Iberian Romance, or Ibero-Romance, languages are a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in Iberia. There are two branches of Iberian Romance languages, Occitano-Romance and West Iberian. The main two languages in the branch are Spanish (Castilian) and Portuguese. They came from a dialect of Vulgar Latin spoken in Iberia after the Roman Empire ended. Spanish and Portuguese spread to Latin America during the colonial era.

Carly Joy Wessels

Carly Joy Wessels (born 13 October 1994) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.

Shelley Kristy Faulmann

Shelley Kristy Faulmann (born 22 April 1991) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

Amber Penney

Amber Penney (born 5 August 1997) is a South African water polo player and coach. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Fresno Pacific University's women's water polo team.


West Iberian languages

The West Iberian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in central and western parts of Iberia. Spanish and Portuguese are the main languages in the branch. They have been spread to Latin America since the colonial era. There are five branches of West Iberian languages. They are Castilian, Galician-Portuguese, Astur-Leonese, Barranquian, and Pyrenean–Mozarabic. Until recently, all speakers of West Iberian languages could understand each other, but now the branches are too different.

Marcelle Manson

Marcelle Manson (born 25 October 1984) is a South African water polo player and field hockey player.

She competed for the South Africa women's national field hockey team in the 2014 Women's Hockey World Cup.

She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Latino-Faliscan languages

The Latino-Faliscan languages are a large branch of Italic languages. They were first spoken in what is now Italy. It is the only branch with languages still spoken. The only branch of Latino-Faliscan languages with languages still spoken is the Romance languages, which came from Latin. Latin was spread across Europe by the Roman Empire, and Latin then split into many branches over time. There were also at least three other Latino-Faliscan languages that are now extinct.

Amica Hallendorff

Amica Hallendorff (born 26 October 1992) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Megan Schooling

Megan Schooling (born 1 May 1989) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Kieren Paley

Kieren Paley (born 3 October 1990) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Rebecca Thomas

Rebecca Thomas (born 17 September 1991) is a South African water polo player. She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Marist College's women's water polo team.


Bernadette Doyle

Bernadette Doyle (born 29 December 2000) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She was educated at St Cuthbert's College, Auckland. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.

Ana Alice Amaral

Ana Alice Amaral is a Brazilian water polo player. She participated at the 2017 Water Polo World Championships and 2019 World Women’s Junior Water Polo Champtionship.

She is native of São Paulo. She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.


Glencora McGhie

Glencora McGhie (born 8 August 1988) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2016 FINA Women's Intercontinental Tournament.


Michele Relton

Michele Relton (born 1 September 1991 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec) is a Canadian water polo player. She played for the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2009 FINA Junior Water Polo World Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for the University of the Pacific's women's water polo team.

Galician-Portuguese

Galician-Portuguese is a branch of Romance languages. They were first spoken in Northwestern Iberia and spread to the south. They are now spoken in all of Portugal and Northwestern Spain. The main two languages are Galician and Portuguese. All Galician-Portuguese languages were once all the same language, but have since split. Portuguese was spread to Brazil during the colonial era and it is also now spoken there.

Sophie Baron La Salle

Sophie Baron La Salle (born 22 September 1990) is a Canadian water polo player. She played for the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.


Bonnie Pointer

Patricia Eva "Bonnie" Pointer (July 11, 1950 – June 8, 2020) was an American singer. She is most notable for being a member of the R&B singing group The Pointer Sisters. She also had her own solo hits after leaving the group in 1977. Her disco cover of The Elgins' "Heaven Must Have Sent You" became a U.S. Top 20 pop hit in 1979. She was born in Oakland, California.

On June 8, 2020, Pointer died due to cardiac arrest in Los Angeles. She was 69.

Curt Stone

Curtis Charles Stone (November 19, 1922 July 30, 2021) was an American long-distance runner. He competed in the 5000 m event at the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Olympics. His best Olympic result was sixth place in 1948. He was born in Brooklyn, Pennsylvania.

Stone died on July 30, 2021, at The KentRidge Senior Living in Kent, Ohio, at the age of 98.


Nicola Colterjohn

Nicola Colterjohn (born 23 April 1992) is a Canadian water polo player. She was a member of the Canadian women's national water polo team at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships and 2015 Summer Universiade.

She played for McMaster University's women's water polo team.


Ianeta Hutchinson

Ianeta Hutchinson is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She was a student of Mount Albert Grammar School and Arizona State University. She played for Arizona State's women's water polo team. She was a coach at Marist College.

Michael Gandolfini

Michael Gandolfini (born May 10, 1999) is an American actor. He has appeared in the television series "The Deuce" and the movie "Ocean's 8". He starred as Tony Soprano in the movie "The Many Saints of Newark" (2021). His late father, actor James Gandolfini (1961–2013), also played Soprano in the HBO series "The Sopranos".

Brooklyn, Pennsylvania

Brooklyn is an unincorporated community in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 167 northwest of Hop Bottom. Brooklyn has a post office with ZIP code 18813, which opened on March 20, 1830.

Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania

Susquehanna County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,434. Its county seat is Montrose. The county was created on February 21, 1810, from part of Luzerne County.

Montrose, Pennsylvania

Montrose (pronounced mon-TROSE) is a borough in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States, north by west of Scranton. The land is elevated about 1,400 feet (427 m) above sea level. It is the Susquehanna County seat.

Hop Bottom, Pennsylvania

Hop Bottom is a borough of Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 311 as of the 2020 census.

Jean-Michel Cadiot

Jean-Michel Cadiot (23 December 1952 – 1 June 2020) was a French writer and journalist.

In the 2007 French legislative election, Cadiot ran for Deputy under the UDF-MoDem ticket in Val-d'Oise's 8th constituency. He only had 3.32% of the votes in the first round. 

In 2008, he ran in the Canton of Sarcelles-Nord-Est, earning 3.48% of the vote.

Cadiot died on 1 June 2020 at the age of 67.

Milena Benini

Milena Benini (November 24 1966 – 4 June 2020) was a Croatian science fiction writer and translator. She won the SFERA Award six times (1999, 2006, 2010, 2012, 2016, 2017). She was born Zagreb. She wrote short stories and romantic stories. 

Benini died on 4 June 2020 from an illness.

Frank Bey

Frank Bey (born Frank Bass, January 17, 1946 – June 7, 2020) was an American blues singer. He changed his last name from Bass to Bey at age 27. He joined the Moorish Science Temple of America. He was born in Millen, Georgia.

By 1996, Bey returned to singing in the Philadelphia area.  In 1998, Bey's debut album, "Steppin' Out", was released on MAG Records. He released "Blues in the Pocket" in 2007 on Jeffhouse Records. 

Bey died on June 7, 2020, after a long illness in Glenolden, Pennsylvania at the age of 74.

Millen, Georgia

Millen is a city in, and the county seat of, rural Jenkins County, Georgia, United States. The population was 2,966 at the 2020 census.

Jenkins County, Georgia

Jenkins County is a county located in the southeastern area of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,674 The county seat is Millen. 

Glenolden, Pennsylvania

Glenolden is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 7,223 at the 2020 census.

Tony Dunne

Anthony Peter Dunne (24 July 1941 – 8 June 2020) was an Irish footballer and manager. He appeared at left-back for Manchester United. He won 33 caps for the Republic of Ireland, playing for the national team during 1962 to 1975. He was the Irish Footballer of the Year in 1969. He was born in Dublin.

Dunne died on 8 June 2020, aged 78.

Estonian alphabet

The Estonian alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet with German influence. Because of German influence, Estonian contains the letters Ä, Ö and Ü. The Estonian alphabet originally has only 23 letters. However, including letters that are used in words borrowed from other languages, it may have 27 letters or 32 letters. They are the same as in English, with the addition of four letters - Õ, Ä, Ö and Ü. These four letters are placed after W and before X in the Estonian alphabet. The letters Š and Ž also exist in Estonian, but they are only used in words borrowed from other languages. The letter Š is placed after S in the Estonian alphabet, and Z is placed after Š in Estonian. The letter Ž is placed after Z. All together the order is as follows:

A B (C) D E "F" G H I J K L M N O P (Q) R S "Š" "Z" "Ž" T U V (W) Õ Ä Ö Ü (X) (Y)

F, Š, Z and Ž are only used in words borrowed from other languages. C, Q, W, X and Y are not used in Estonian, and only occur in names from other languages.

The original Estonian alphabet consists of 23 letters in the order as it follows:

A B D E G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V Õ Ä Ö Ü

Including the letters only in loanwords, the Estonian alphabet consists of 27 letters in the order as it follows:

A B D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S Š Z Ž T U V Õ Ä Ö Ü

Including letters not part of the alphabet and from the local alphabet, the Estonian alphabet consists of 32 letters in the order as it follows:

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S Š Z Ž T U V W Õ Ä Ö Ü X Y 

Manuel Felguérez

Manuel Felguérez Barra (December 12, 1928 – June 8, 2020) was a Mexican abstract artist. He was part of the Generación de la Ruptura which broke with the muralist movement of Diego Rivera and others in the mid 20th century.

In 1947, he had the chance to travel to Europe and, impressed with the art there, decided to dedicate himself to the vocation. His works were in abstract art, something that was not accepted in Mexico at the time. 

His exhibitions were only seen in a few galleries and "sculpted murals".

Felguérez died on June 8, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 91.

Marion Hänsel

Marion Hänsel (12 February 1949 – 8 June 2020) was a French-born Belgian movie director, producer, actress and screenwriter. Her best known movie was "Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea". It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.

Hänsel died on 8 June 2020, aged 71.

Italian alphabet

The Italian alphabet is the same as the English alphabet, but without the letters J, K, W, X or Y. These letters, however, still occur in words borrowed from other languages. The letter J does occur in some words in certain accents of the Italian language, but it is no longer included in the Italian alphabet as of the early 20th century. The letter H mostly occurs after letters C or G in Italian. This is because in Italian, the letter C before E or I makes a soft sound, and the letter G before E or I also makes a soft sound. To preserve the hard sound, you must add an H after C or G. The Italian Alphabet is as follows:

A B C D E F G H I L M N O P Q R S T U V Z

Sedley Joseph

Sedley Joseph (4 December 1939 – 8 June 2020) was a Trinidad and Tobago footballer. His career lasted from 1965 to 1967. He played for the national team. He also played for Maple.

Joseph died on 8 June 2020 of kidney disease in Chaguanas at the age of 80.

Arjun Charan Sethi

Arjun Charan Sethi () (18 September 1941 – June 8 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. 

In 1971, he was elected to the Lok Sabha from Bhadrak constituency in Odisha as an Indian National Congress candidate. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1980. He was re-elected in 1991, 1998, 1999, 2004 and 2009. He was the Union Minister of water resources in Atal Bihari Vajpayee led government from 2000 to 2004. 

Sethi died on June 8, 2020 in a hospital in Bhubaneswar, India at the age of 78.

Bedroom Mazurka

Bedroom Mazurka is a 1970 Danish comedy movie directed by John Hildard and starring Ole Søloft, Axel Strøbye, Birte Tove.

Shim Wan-koo

Shim Wan-koo (Korean: 심완구; Hanja: 沈完求; RR: "Sim Wan-gu"; 1 July 1938 – 8 June 2020) was a South Korean politician. He was the first elected Mayor of Ulsan from 1997 to 2002. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1985 to 1992.

Shim died on 8 June 2020 in Seoul, aged 81.

Brazos River

The Brazos River ( ), called the "Río de los Brazos de Dios" (translated as "The River of the Arms of God") by early Spanish explorers, is the 11th-longest river in the United States at . Its source is at the head of Blackwater Draw, Curry County, New Mexico to its mouth at the Gulf of Mexico with a drainage basin. 

It is one of Texas' largest rivers.

Land and Sons

Land and Sons () is a 1980 Icelandic drama movie directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson and starring Sigurður Sigurjónsson, Jón Sigurbjörnsson, Jónas Tryggvason.

Victor Argo

Victor Argo (November 5, 1934 − April 7, 2004) was an American actor of Puerto Rican descent. He played tough bad guys in his movies. His career went on for over 40 years.

Argo began his career as a stage actor. He performed in an off-Broadway stage play in the 1960s. He then met Yoko Ono. With her, he did a so-called "Happening" movement.

Argo's movies include "Taxi Driver", "The Last Temptation of Christ", "Bad Lieutenant" and "True Romance". He also played in television shows, including "Wonder Woman", "Law & Order" and "Miami Vice".

Argo was born in The Bronx, New York City. He died from complications of lung cancer at age 69.


British Go Association

The British Go Association (BGA) promotes and supports the game of Go in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1953. It holds tournaments and publishes the "British Go Journal". They are a national member of the European Go Federation.

BGA is sending players to international tournaments such as the World Amateur Go Championship and the European Go Championship. BGA is also working to make Go more popular among the youth. British students have been sent to the World Youth Go Championship in 2010 and 2011.


Donald P. Bellisario

Donald Paul Bellisario (born August 8, 1935) is an American television producer and screenwriter. He is known for creating and sometimes writing episodes for the TV series "Magnum, P.I." (1980–1988), "Tales of the Gold Monkey" (1982–1983), "Airwolf" (1984–1987), "Quantum Leap" (1989–1993), "JAG" (1995–2005) and "NCIS" (since 2003).

Bellisario was born in Cokeburg, Pennsylvania. He is of Italian and Serbian ancestry. He has been married four times and has seven children.

Stand By Me (movie)

Stand By Me is a 1986 American adventure drama movie directed by Rob Reiner and based on the 1982 novella "The Body" by Stephen King. It stars River Phoenix, Wil Wheaton, Richard Dreyfuss, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, John Cusack, Bruce Kirby and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.

Red Princesses

Red Princesses () is a 2013 Costa Rican Venezuelan drama movie directed by Laura Astorga and starring Fernando Bolaños, María José Callejas, Valeria Conejo.

Of Love and Other Demons (movie)

Of Love and Other Demons () is a 2009 Costa Rican Colombian drama movie directed by Hilda Hidalgo and based on the novel of the same name by Gabriel García Márquez. It stars Pablo Derqui, Eliza Triana, Jordi Dauder, Damián Alcázar.

There Are No Thieves in This Village

There Are No Thieves in This Village () is a 1965 Mexican drama movie directed by Alberto Isaac and based on the story by Gabriel García Márquez. It stars Julián Pastor, Rocío Sagaón, Graciela Enríquez, Luis Buñuel, Alfonso Arau, Héctor Ortega.

Dry Summer

Dry Summer (also known as "Reflections"; ) is a 1964 Turkish drama movie directed by Metin Erksan and starring Erol Taş, Hülya Koçyiğit, Zeki Tüney, Hakki Haktan, Ercan Yazgan.

Vagrich Bakhchanyan

Vagrich Akopovich Bakhchanyan (; ; ; born May 23, 1938 in Kharkiv, Soviet Ukraine - November 12, 2009, New York City, United States) was a Soviet and American painter, nonconformist artist and writer-conceptualist of Armenian origin.

He was born to an Armenian family in Kharkiv, Ukraine, where he studied and began painting. In the mid-1960s he moved to Moscow, where he worked at "Literaturnaya Gazeta".

In 1974 Bakhchanyan emigrated to United States, and lived in New York City, where he was active in the literary and art scene. There he collaborated with Russian and Soviet writers Sergei Dovlatov, Alexander Genis, and Naum Sagalovsky, among others. He died on November 12, 2009 in New York City.

According to Vagrich's last will, his ashes were scattered high in the Geghama mountains in Armenia.


Paul Schneider

Paul Andrew Schneider (born March 16, 1976) is an American actor. He played Mark Brendanawicz on the first two seasons of the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" from 2009 to 2010. He was born in Oakland, California and raised in Asheville, North Carolina.

Jim O'Heir

James O'Heir (born February 4, 1962) is an American actor and Emmy Award winner who is best known for co-starring as Jerry Gergich on the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" from 2009 to 2015.

He is known for his roles in the movies: "Smothered by Mothers" (2019) and "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" (2012).

Retta

Marietta Sangai Sirleaf (born April 12, 1970), professionally known as Retta, is an American stand-up comedian and actress. She is best known for her roles as Donna Meagle on the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" and Ruby Hill on NBC's comedy-drama "Good Girls".


Down the Ancient Staircase

Down the Ancient Staircase () is a 1975 Italian French drama movie directed by Mauro Bolognini and stars Marcello Mastroianni, Barbara Bouchet, Marthe Keller, Pierre Blaise, Françoise Fabian, Silvano Tranquilli. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Katherine Curnow

Katherine Curnow (born 1987) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. She was educated at the University of Auckland.


Emmerson Houghton

Emmerson Houghton (born 7 August 1999) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2016 FINA World Women's Youth Water Polo Championships, 2017 Vodafone Cup, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

Liana Dance

Liana Dance (born 18 April 1998) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. and 2016 FINA World Women's Youth Water Polo Championships.


Caitlin Lopes Da Silva

Caitlin Lopes Da Silva (born 20 January 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 Summer Universiade.

She was born in Johannesburg, South Africa to parents from New Zealand. She was educated at Rangitoto College. She played for the University of Hawaii's women's water polo team.


Epicardium

Epicardium (heart muscle) is one of the three main layers of the heart wall. It is the outermost layer of the heart, composed of connective tissue and fat. The connective tissue secretes a small amount of lubricating fluid into the pericardial cavity. 

In addition to the connective tissue and fat, the epicardium is lined by, on its outer surface, simple epithelial cells.

Bengal famine of 1943

The Bengal famine of 1943 was a famine in the Bengal province of British India during World War II. Between 2.1 and 3 million people died in the famine. They died mainly of starvation, malaria, and not having the right health care. 

Historians usually say that the famine was caused by policies by the British government at the time. Food prices rose because of war-related buying and became too expensive for poor people. 
The region of Bengal in India suffered a devastating famine from 1940 to 1943. Some of the key reasons for this famine are:


The British government denied an urgent request from Leopold Amery, the Indian secretary of state, and Archibald Wavell, the Viceroy of India, to stop exports of food from Bengal in order that it might be used for famine relief. Winston Churchill, then prime minister, dismissed these requests in a fashion that Amery regarded as "Hitler-like," by asking why, if the famine was so horrible, Gandhi had not yet died of starvation.

The famine caused men to sell their farms and find work somewhere else. Families were made homeless and starving. Many had to move to cities like Calcutta to look for help.Some scholars say that small famines happen naturally but that large ones have man-made causes like war.

Green-thighed frog

The green-thighed frog ("Nyctimystes brevipalmatus") is a frog from Australia. It lives near the east coast of Australia near Brisbane.

The green-thighed frog is mostly brown with black stripes from its mouth to its front legs. Its thighs are light blue or green with black spots.

They live near temporary bodies of water that dry up for part of the year.

According to the IUCN Red List, green-thighed frogs are endangered because people cut down the forests and build roads and railroads in the places where they like to live, because of fires and pollution, and because of invasive species.

Green-thighed frogs lay eggs that float together on top of the water. The tadpoles hatch within one day, stay tadpoles for 40 days and most become frogs before they are 100 days old.

Lil Xan

Nicholas Diego Leanos (born September 6, 1996), known by his stage name Lil Xan, is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. He was born in Redlands, California.

Lil Xan became popular after he released the song "Betrayed" in 2017. Then in 2018, he released his first album "Total Xanarchy". In January 2020, he released his second album "Sorry I Didn't Quit".

Sarah Pattison

Sarah Pattison is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.


Balto-Finnic languages

The Balto-Finnic, or often simply Finnic, languages are a branch of Uralic languages. They are spoken in Northeastern Europe around the Baltic Sea, mainly in Finland, Estonia, and Northwestern Russia. The main two languages in the branch are Estonian and Finnish.

Sarah Landry

Sarah Landry (born 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.
She graduated from Auckland University of Technology.


Northern Finnic languages

The Northern Finnic languages are a branch of Finnic languages. The main language of the branch is Finnish. It is the official language of Finland and the most spoken language in the country. There are four other languages in the branch: Ingrian, Karelian, Ludic, and Veps.

Ricci Ferigo

Ricci Ferigo (born 2 December 1995) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2014 World Women's Junior Water Polo Championships and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

She graduated from Auckland University of Technology. At the club level, she played for Marist Water Polo Club.

In 2022 she began dating Lucas (Luke) Schuler, also from Auckland. They've since relocated to Bondi Beach, Sydney.


Nicole Lewis

Nicole Lewis (born 26 January 1989) is a New Zealand female water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Assem Mussarova

Assem Mussarova (born 13 August 1990) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.


Alexander Armstrong

Alexander Henry Fenrick Armstrong (born 2 March 1970) is an English actor, television and radio presenter and singer. He is best known for working alongside Ben Miller presenting the half comedy duo of Armstrong and Miller, as hosting of the BBC One television game show "Pointless".

As side from his "Armstrong & Miller" sketch show characters, Armstrong's television credits include a leading role in the ITV1 television series "Life Begins", whilely he also voiced Professor M in the Sky Sports F1 animated cartoon series "Tooned", alien supercomputer Mr Smith of-part of the "Doctor Who" spin-off series in the BBC One television science fiction series "The Sarah Jane Adventures" as well as the main show's two part story "The Stolen Earth" "/" "Journey's End", and the title character in the title character of the CBBC revived series of "Danger Mouse".

Evariste Ndayishimiye

General Évariste Ndayishimiye (born 17 June 1959) is a Burundi politician. He is the President of Burundi since 2020. He became president after the death of President Pierre Nkurunziza. He is also the Secretary General of the CNDD-FDD since 2016.

He was the Minister of the Interior and Public Security from 2006 to 2007.

Anastassiya Mirshina

Anastassiya Mirshina (born 21 March 1996) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Zamira Myrzabekova

Zamira Myrzabekova (born 12 June 1991) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2010 Asian Games, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Nemir Kirdar

Nemir A. Kirdar ( – 9 June 2020) was an Iraqi-British-French businessman and financier. He founded Investcorp, and was CEO for over 30 years until he stood down in 2015 to became chairman until his retirement in 2017. He was born in Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq.

Kirdar died at his home in Cap D’Antibes, France from dementia-related problems on 9 June 2020, aged 83.

Ödön Földessy

Ödön Földessy (1 July 1929 – 9 June 2020) was a Hungarian athlete. He competed in the long jump. He was born in Békés. He competed for Hungary in the men's long jump event at the 1952 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal.

Földessy died in Budapest on 9 June 2020, aged 90.

Anastassiya Yeremina

Anastassiya Yeremina (born 19 February 2000) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Klaus Berger (theologian)

Klaus Berger (25 November 1940 – 8 June 2020) was a German academic theologian. Berger was Professor of New Testament Theology at the University of Heidelberg. He was born in Hildesheim, Germany. He was known for his study and publications on the New Testament.

Berger died on 8 June 2020 in Heidelberg at the age of 79.

Rosemary Hollis

Rosemary Hollis (1952 – 8 June 2020) was a British political scientist. She was a professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018. Hollis was known for her studies and scholarship on the relations between the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East. 

She was the Research Director at Chatham House (the Royal Institute of International Affairs). She was born in Dudley, West Midlands.

Hollis died on 8 June 2020.

Stefan Vodenicharov

Stefan M. Vodenicharov (1 September 1944 – 8 June 2020) was a Bulgarian educator and politician. He was President of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences from 2012 to 2016. He was the Minister of Education, Youth and Science briefly in 2013.

Vodenicharov died in Sofia on 8 June 2020, aged 75.

Gwen Margolis

Gwen Margolis (October 4, 1934 – June 9, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Margolis was a member of the Florida Senate from 1980 to 1992, 2002 to 2008, and 2010 to 2016. She was Senate President for the 1990 to 1992 term. She was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1974 to 1980.

Margolis died on June 9, 2020 in Miami, Florida of natural causes at the age of 85.

The Slipper and the Rose

The Slipper and the Rose: The Story of Cinderella is a 1976 British romantic musical movie directed by Bryan Forbes and starring Gemma Craven, Richard Chamberlain, Christopher Gable, Kenneth More, Margaret Lockwood, Michael Hordern, Edith Evans, Rosalind Ayers, Sherrie Hewson, Annette Crosbie. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was 2 Academy Awards in 1978.


Oxana Saichuk

Oxana Saichuk (born 9 December 1995) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 Asian Games.

South Semitic languages

The South Semitic languages are a branch of Semitic languages. They are mainly spoken in East Africa and Southern Arabia. Linguists do not agree on where South Semitic languages come from. Some say they came from Ethiopia, while others say Southern Arabia. A recent study found that they probably came from Southern Arabia. There are two branches of South Semitic languages.

Modern South Arabian languages

The Modern South Arabian, or Eastern South Semitic, languages are a branch of Semitic languages. They are spoken by a small number of people in Southern Arabia in the countries of Yemen and Oman, as well as Socotra Island.

Darya Roga

Darya Roga (born 3 July 1995) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 FINA Women's Intercontinental Tournament, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Love and Duty

Love and Duty is a 1931 Chinese drama movie directed by Bu Wancang and starring Ruan Lingyu, Jin Yan. It was remade twice in 1938 and 1955.

Soqotri language

Soqotri is a Semitic language. It is spoken on the island Socotra and other nearby islands, all parts of Yemen. Around 70,000 people speak the language.

Anna Turova

Anna Turova (born 31 July 1990) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


The Brood

The Brood is a 1979 Canadian science fiction horror movie directed by David Cronenberg and starring Oliver Reed, Samantha Eggar, Art Hindle, Susan Hogan, Nicholas Campbell, Michael Magee. It was distributed by New World Pictures.


Mehri language

Mehri, or Mahri, is a Semitic language. It is spoken by tribes in Eastern Yemen and Western Oman by around 165,000 people. It has been spoken in the area since before Arabic was brought there.

Shehri language

Shehri, or Jibbali, is a Semitic languages. It is spoken by a small number of people in towns by the coast and in mountains in Oman.


Rhinestone (movie)

Rhinestone is a 1984 American musical comedy movie directed by Bob Clark and starring Sylvester Stallone, Dolly Parton, Richard Farnsworth, Ron Leibman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office failure.


Harsusi language

Harsusi is a Semitic language. It is spoken by fewer than 1,000 people in the deserts of South-Central Oman. It is a lot like Mehri.

Hobyót language

Hobyót is a Semitic language. It is spoken by fewer than 500 people in Eastern Yemen and Western Oman. Hobyót could go extinct soon.

Bathari language

Bathari is a Semitic language. It is spoken by fewer than 100 people in Oman. It could go extinct soon. It is a lot like Mehri.

Joshua Then and Now (movie)

Joshua Then and Now is a 1985 Canadian drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and based on the novel by Mordecai Richler. It stars James Woods, Gabrielle Lazure, Alan Arkin, Michael Sarrazin, Alan Scarfe, Linda Sorenson, Alexander Knox, Robert Joy, Harvey Atkin, Paul Hecht and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Norilsk oil spill

The Norilsk oil spill was an industrial disaster near Norilsk in Russia. It began on 29 May 2020, when a fuel storage tank at Norilsk-Taimyr Energy's Thermal Power Plant No. 3 failed. It flooded local rivers with of diesel oil. Russian President Vladimir Putin called it a state of emergency in early June.

Aizhan Akilbayeva

Aizhan Akilbayeva (born 13 September 1991) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Tomiris Kenenbayeva

Tomiris Kenenbayeva (born 20 July 1998) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.


Elle Armit

Elle Armit (born 20 August 1991 in Townsville) is an Australian water polo player. She was part of the Australian team at the 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

She graduated from St Margaret Mary’s College.


Alexandra Zharkimbayeva

Alexandra Zharkimbayeva (née Turova, born 31 July 1990) is a Kazakhstani female water polo goalkeeper. She competed for the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2019 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.


Wienerschnitzel

Wienerschnitzel is an American fast food chain founded in 1961 (as "Der Wienerschnitzel") that specializes in hot dogs, also known as the World's Largest Hot Dog Chain. Wienerschnitzel locations are found predominantly in California and Texas, though others are located in Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Louisiana, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, and Washington. Outside the 50 states, there is a store located in Guam and one in Panama.
The chain is recognizable by the A-frame style roofs of its older restaurants, similar to the original structures used by IHOP, Tastee-Freez, Nickerson Farms, and Whataburger. Structures that have been converted from Wienerschnitzels into other restaurants often retain the distinctive architecture. The chain's advertising mascot is an anthropomorphized chili dog known as The Delicious One, who runs from people who want to eat him.

Wienerschnitzel sponsors the tongue-in-cheek Wiener Nationals, the "de facto" national dachshund racing championship series for the United States.


Emma Wright

Emma Wright (born 16 November 1996) is a Canadian water polo player.

She participated at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, 2015 Pan American Games, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

She plays for University of California's women's water polo team.

Chili dog

Chili dog is the generic name for a hot dog served in a bun and topped with some sort of meat sauce, such as chili con carne. Often other toppings are also added, such as cheese, onions, and mustard. The style has many regional variations in the United States. Some of these have specific sauce ingredients, types of hot dogs, or types of buns. They are referred to regionally under region-specific names.



Crveni Krst concentration camp

Crveni Krst concentration camp was a concentration camps in Serbia. Prisoners from different parts of Eastern Europe were taken to this concentration camp. Some sources also say that some German Jews were also in the camp as prisoners. However, as it was not such a big concentration camp. there is not a lot of information about it.

Body Double

Body Double is a 1984 American erotic crime thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and starring Craig Wasson, Gregg Henry, Melanie Griffith, Deborah Shelton, Dennis Franz, Barbara Crampton. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and became a cult favorite.


Gaġġa

Gaġġa (Cage) is a 1971 Maltan romantic thriller movie directed by Mario Azzopardi and based on the novel by Frans Sammut. It stars Charles Arrigo, Karmen Azzopardi, Tanya Baldacchino.

Kawasaki disease

Kawasaki disease is a syndrome of unknown cause that results in a fever and mainly affects children under 5 years of age. It is a form of vasculitis, where blood vessels become inflamed throughout the body.

The fever typically lasts for more than five days. While the cause is unknown, it may be due to an infection triggering an autoimmune response.

Boys are more commonly affected than girls. The disorder was first described in 1967 by Tomisaku Kawasaki in Japan.


Paul Chapman (musician)

Paul William "Tonka" Chapman (9 June 1954 – 9 June 2020) was a Welsh rock guitarist. He was best known for his work in bands such as UFO and Lone Star. Chapman was well known by his nickname "Tonka". He was born in Cardiff, Wales.

In July 2006, Chapman joined the American southern rock band Gator Country, a collection of Molly Hatchet veterans.

In 2015, Chapman went out for a 10-week US tour with the Swedish/Canadian band Killer Bee and he also recorded on their album "Eye In The Sky".

Chapman died on his 66th birthday on 9 June 2020.

Simon Henshaw

Simon Henshaw (died June 9, 2020) was an American diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador to Guinea from 2019 until his death. 

From 2011 to 2013, he was Director of the Office of Andean Affairs, and, from 2008 to 2011, he was Deputy Chief of Mission at the United States Embassy in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.

On August 10, 2018, President Trump announced his plans to nominate Henshaw as the next United States Ambassador to Guinea. On August 16, 2018, his nomination was sent the United States Senate. On September 26, 2018, he appeared before the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations. On January 2, 2019, his nomination was confirmed in the Senate.

Henshaw died of a heart attack on June 9, 2020, in Guinea.

Kim Chang-sop

Kim Chang-sop (; 2 January 1946 – 9 June 2020) was a North Korean politician. He was a member of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was born in Unsan County, South Pyongan Province. He was the Vice Minister of the State Security Department from 2015 until his death.

Kim died on 9 June 2020 in Pyongyang at the age of 74.

Anita Linda

Anita Linda (born Alice Buenaflor Lake; November 23, 1924 – June 10, 2020) was a Filipino actress. At the age of 74, she became the oldest actress to ever win a FAMAS Award. She was born in Pasay, Rizal. Her best known roles were in "Weighed But Found Wanting", "Jaguar" and "Temptation Island". She starred in "Sta. Niña" (2012), which earned her positive reviews.

In 2014, she made a comeback on television in the television drama "Sana Bukas pa ang Kahapon" as Lola Patchi.

Linda died on 10 June 2020 in Manila, aged 95.

Mayville, New York

Mayville is a village in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 1,442 at the 2020 census. Mayville is the county seat of Chautauqua County. 

MrBeast

sweat (born May 7, 1998), more commonly known as MrBeast, is an American YouTuber. He is known for his expensive stunts and philanthropy. He is the second most subscribed creator, on youtube, second only to T-Series. He has been seen as the creator of a new genre of YouTube videos that are expensive stunts.

He is also the co-creator of Team Trees, a fundraiser for the Arbor Day Foundation which has raised over $24 million, and Team Seas, a fundraiser for Ocean Conservancy and The Ocean Cleanup.

He was born in Greenville, North Carolina. Donaldson began posting videos to YouTube in early 2012 at the age of 13.Under the name of "MrBeast6000", his early content ranged from Let's Plays to "videos estimating the wealth of other YouTubers".

Some of his philanthropy includes paying for eye surgery for 1000 people, giving large amounts of money to random people on the street, signing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and giving away islands.

MrBeast uploaded his first video on his YouTube Channel in February 2012, at the age of 13, under the name of "MrBeast6000". His early content ranged from Gaming, focused on "Minecraft" and "", videos estimating the wealth of other YouTubers, videos that offered tips to upcoming YouTube creators and commentary on YouTube drama.

MrBeast has an estimated net worth of $500 million USD as per 2023 updates.

[[Category:Philanthropists from North Car
Starman (movie)

Starman is a 1984 American science fiction romance movie directed by John Carpenter and starring Jeff Bridges (in his Oscar nominated role), Karen Allen, Charles Martin Smith, Richard Jaeckel, Robert Phalen. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was spun off into a short-lived television series in 1986.


Lenka von Koerber

Lenka von Koerber (born Helene Irmgard Louise von der Leyen 16 March 1888 West Prussia – July 21, 1958 Leipzig) was a German journalist and writer.

She joined the peace movement, and from 1918 to 1930 the German Democratic Party. She advocated for prison reform. She was a member of Deutscher Schriftstellerverband.


Secret Places (movie)

Secret Places is a 1984 British drama movie directed by Zelda Barron and based on the novel by Janice Elliott. It stars Marie Theres Relin, Tara MacGowran, Claudine Auger, Jenny Agutter, Pippa Hinchley, Rosemary Martin, Margaret Lacey and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Angelica Ortiz

Angelica J. Ortiz Irizarry (born January 25, 1988) is a female water polo player from Puerto Rico. She participated at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games, and 2011 Pan American Games.


Richard Osman

Richard Thomas Osman (born 28 November 1970) is an English television presenter, producer, director, and novelist. He was best known for his working role since 2009 to 2022 with the alongside comedian Alexander Armstrong, as during the game show creating and presenting the first series on the BBC One television quiz show "Pointless". Since 2014, and over to the 2015 series, Armstrong also presented the BBC Two quiz shows "Two Tribes", and "Richard Osman's House of Games". When he and Josh Widdecombe was been the captain since 2016, and presented by Sue Perkins, Widdecombe and Osman was been the British starring of the BBC Two comedy panel game show "Insert Name Here", and in 6 February and over to 15 May 2017, he presenting Channel 4's "The Fake News Show".

Paola Medina

Paola Medina Montero (born 1 December 1985) is a female water polo player from Puerto Rico. She participated at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships and 2019 Pan American Games.

She played for California State University, Bakersfield's women's water polo team.


The Sure Thing

The Sure Thing is a 1985 American romantic adventure comedy movie directed by Rob Reiner and starring John Cusack, Daphne Zuniga, Nicollette Sheridan, Viveca Lindfors, Anthony Edwards, Tim Robbins. It was distributed by Embassy Pictures.


Adriana Vinas Joy

Adriana Vinas Joy (born March 1, 1994) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team.

She participated at the 2017 Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2018 Women's World Volleyball Championship.

She played for Long Island University's women's volleyball team.

Stratopause

The stratopause is the part of the atmosphere between the stratosphere and mesosphere. In the stratosphere the temperature gets higher the higher up you go. The stratopause is where it is warmest. On Earth, the stratopause is about high. The temperature is about .

Ana Sofía Jusino

Ana Sofía Jusino (born January 5, 1994 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2019 Pan-American Games.

She played for University of Arkansas.


Jonathan Dowling

Jonathan P. Dowling (3 April 1955 – 5 June 2020) was an Irish-American researcher. He was a professor in theoretical physics. He was known for his work on quantum technology, mainly focusing in quantum entanglement. He was born in Smithtown, New York.

Dowling was the co-director of the Horace Hearne Institute for Theoretical Physics and a Hearne chair in Theoretical Physics at the Department of Physics and Astronomy, both at Louisiana State University. 

He was a Fellow at the American Association for the Advancement of Science and at the American Physical Society.

Dowling died on 5 June 2020 from a short-illness, aged 65.

Samuel J. Randall

Samuel Jackson Randall (October 10, 1828 – April 13, 1890) was an American politician. He was the 29th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1876 to 1881. He was in the U.S. House representing Pennsylvania's 1st congressional district from 1863 to 1875 and Pennsylvania's 3rd congressional district from 1875 to 1890. 

He was a Democratic candidate for the party's nomination for President in 1880 and 1884. Towards the end of his political career, he started voting for the Republicans in the House.

Randall was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at the University of Pennsylvania. Randall died on April 13, 1890 in Washington, D.C. from colon cancer, aged 61.

Alba Hernández

Alba Hernández (born October 3, 1994 in Fajardo) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Puerto Rican team at the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.


Rosita Fornés

Rosita Fornés (February 11, 1923 – June 10, 2020) was a Cuban-American singer and actress. She was born in New York City. She was known for her roles in "A Dangerous Adventure" (1939), "Musical Romance" (1941), "The Flesh Commands" (1948), "The Desire" (1948), "Women of the Theatre" (1951) and in "The Unknown Mariachi" (1953).

Fornés died of emphysema on June 10, 2020 at a hospital in Miami, Florida at the age of 97.

Armando Silvestre

Armando Silvestre (born July 6, 1926) is a Mexican-American actor. He appeared in more than 190 movies from 1948 until 2016. He was born in San Diego, California. His best known roles were as Natchez in "Geronimo" (1962), Two Crows in "The Scalphunters" (1968), multiple roles in the television series "Daniel Boone" and "The F.B.I.".

María Victoria

María Victoria Cervantes Cervantes (born 26 February 1933), more commonly known simply as María Victoria, is a Mexican actress, singer, and comedian. She is best known for starring as Inocencia in the Telesistema Mexicano sitcom "La criada bien criada" and its 1972 spin-off movie. She was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Her career began in 1951.

Gloria Mange

Gloria Mange (18 June 1931 – 8 July 2023) was a Mexican movie actress. She was a known actress during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. She was born in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora. Her best known roles were in "Primero soy mexicano" (1950), "What Has That Woman Done to You?" (1951), "If I Were a Congressman" (1952) and in "The Unknown Mariachi" (1953).

Ciudad Obregón

Ciudad Obregón () is the second largest city in the northern Mexican state of Sonora. It is located south of the state's northern border with the U.S. state of Arizona. 

Ciudad Obregón is twinned with:

Rosa de Castilla

María Victoria Ledesma Cuevas (30 May 1931 – 1 August 2022), known by her stage name Rosa de Castilla (), was a Mexican singer and actress. She was known as one of the great folkloric leading ladies of the "golden age" of Mexican cinema. She was born in Encarnación de Díaz, Jalisco. 

Her best known roles were in "Yo... el aventurero" (1959), "Dos corazones y un cielo" (1959), and "Héroe a la fuerza" (1964). Her career began in 1952.

Castilla died on 1 August 2022 at the age of 91.

Neira Ortiz Ruiz

Neira Ortiz Ruiz (born 6 July 1993 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She was part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
She played for University of Colorado's women's volleyball team. 


Ed Ames

Ed Ames (born Edmund Dantes Urick; July 9, 1927 – May 21, 2023) was an American pop singer and actor. He was known for playing Mingo in the television series "Daniel Boone" and for his pop hits of the 1960s including "My Cup Runneth Over", "Who Will Answer?" and "When the Snow Is on the Roses". 

He was also part of the popular 1950s singing group with his siblings, The Ames Brothers. He was born in Malden, Massachusetts.

From 1968 until 1987, he also owned a percentage of the Phoenix Suns.

Ames died at his Los Angeles, California home on May 21, 2023, at the age of 95.

Warwick, New York

Warwick is a town in the southwest part of Orange County, New York, United States. Its population was 32,027 at the 2020 census. 

The town has three villages within the town (Florida, Greenwood Lake, and Warwick).

Florida, Orange County, New York

Florida is a village in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 2,888 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Middletown, Orange County, New York

Middletown is a city in Orange County, New York, United States. It lies in New York's Hudson Valley region. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city's population was 30,345. The zip code is 10940. Middletown falls within the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Port Jervis, New York

Port Jervis is a city located at the confluence of the Neversink and the Delaware rivers in western Orange County, New York, north of the Delaware Water Gap. Its population was 8,775 at the 2020 census. 

Port Jervis was part of early industrial history, a point for shipping coal to major markets to the southeast by canal and later by railroads. Its residents had long-distance passenger service by railroad until 1970. The restructuring of railroads resulted in a decline in the city's business and economy. 

Matamoras, Pennsylvania

Matamoras is a borough in Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,362 at the 2020 census. 

Montague Township, New Jersey

Montague Township is a township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States, in the New York City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 3,792.

Greenville, Orange County, New York

Greenville is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. It is along the southern county and state line. The population was 4,689 at the 2020 census.

Deerpark, New York

Deerpark is a town in the western part of Orange County, New York. As of the 2020 Census, the population was at 7,509. The center of population of New York is located in Cuddebackville, a hamlet in Deerpark.

Middletown, Delaware County, New York

Middletown is a town in Delaware County, New York, United States. The population was 3,336 at the 2020 census. The town is in the southeast part of the county.

Middletown, New York

Middletown is the name of several places located in the U.S. state of New York:


Florida, Montgomery County, New York

Florida is a town south of the Mohawk River in Montgomery County, New York, United States. The population was 2,667 in the 2020 United States Census. The town was named after the state of Florida. 

Mohawk River

The Mohawk River is a river in the U.S. state of New York. It is the largest tributary of the Hudson River. The Mohawk flows into the Hudson in Cohoes, New York, a few miles north of the city of Albany. 

The river is named for the Mohawk Nation of the Iroquois Confederacy. 

Cohoes, New York

Cohoes ( ) is an incorporated city located in the northeast corner of Albany County in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 18,147. In Algonquian "Cohoes," means 'pine tree'.

Mohawk people

The Mohawk people are the most easterly tribe of the Haudenosaunee, or Iroquois Confederacy. They are an Iroquoian-speaking indigenous people of North America. They had communities in northern New York State and southeastern Canada, mainly around Lake Ontario and the St Lawrence River. They are part of the Northeast Woodlands. 

As one of the five original members of the Iroquois League, the Mohawk are known as the Keepers of the Eastern Door. 

New York, Florida

New York is an unincorporated community in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. The community is north-northwest of Milton.

Navarre, Florida

Navarre is a census-designated place and community in Santa Rosa County in the northwest Florida Panhandle. It has a population of 40,817, .

Mo Cowan

William Maurice “Mo” Cowan (born April 4, 1969) is an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States Senator from Massachusetts from February 1, 2013 to July 16, 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was legal counsel and chief of staff to Governor Deval Patrick.

Patrick appointed him on as an interim Senator to replace fellow Democrat John Kerry, who resigned to become U.S. Secretary of State.

He did not want to run in the 2013 special election to complete the remainder of Kerry's term. He was replaced by fellow Democrat Ed Markey.

Cowan was the eighth African-American U.S. Senator and the second from Massachusetts after Edward Brooke.

River Alun, Pembrokeshire

River Alun is a small river in Northwest Pembrokeshire, Wales. It flows through the very old city of St Davids.

Yadkinville, North Carolina

Yadkinville is a town in Yadkin County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 2,995 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat and largest city of Yadkin County.

Yadkin County, North Carolina

Yadkin County is in the U.S. state of North Carolina. 37,214 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Yadkinville.

Thomasville, North Carolina

Thomasville is a city in Davidson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 27,183 at the 2020 census.

Davidson County, North Carolina

Davidson County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 168,930 people lived there. Its county seat is Lexington, and its largest city is Thomasville.

Michael Beach

Michael Anthony Beach (born October 30, 1963) is an American actor. He has appeared in movies "Lean on Me" (1989), "One False Move" (1992), "Short Cuts" (1993), "Waiting to Exhale" (1995), "A Family Thing" (1996), and "Soul Food" (1997). 

On television, he starred as Monte Parker in the NBC drama series "Third Watch" from 1999 to 2005.

Rochelle, Georgia

Rochelle is a city in Wilcox County, Georgia, United States. The population was 1,167 at the 2020 census.

Wilcox County, Georgia

Wilcox County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,766. The county seat is Abbeville.

Wilcox County has a total area of 382 square miles.

Abbeville, Georgia

Abbeville is a city in Wilcox County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 2,685. The city is the county seat of Wilcox County.

West Milford, New Jersey

West Milford is a township in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 24,862.

Milford, New Jersey

Milford is a borough located in western Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. At the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 1,232.

New Milford, New Jersey

New Milford is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 16,923.

Julymar Otero

Julymar Otero (born 31 October 1996, Toa Baja, Puerto Rico) is a female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. She was part of the Puerto Rican National Team at the 2013 U18 Youth Pan American Cup, and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for College of Central Florida, and Towson University.

Sarunyoo Wongkrachang

Sarunyoo Wongkrachang (17 October 1960 – 10 June 2020) was a Thai actor, director, screenwriter, singer, producer, activist and host. He was born in Samut Songkhram Province, Thailand. He was known for starring as Lord Jom Rajasena in "Ong Bak 2" (2008) and "Ong Bak 3" (2010) and as Surachi in "13 Beloved" (2006). He also directed and wrote "Kon Khon" (2011).

Wongkrachang died on 10 June 2020 of liver cancer at a hospital in Bangkok, aged 59.

St Davids Cathedral

St Davids Cathedral is an old cathedral in St Davids, Pembrokeshire, Wales. The current building was built between the 11th and 13th centuries. Saint David is buried there, and he started the first church here in the 6th century.

Ian Taylor (British businessman)

Ian Roper Taylor (7 February 1956 – 8 June 2020) was a British trading businessman. He was chairman and Global CEO of The Vitol Group, the world's largest independent energy trader. He was also the majority shareholder in Harris Tweed Hebrides. He was born in Croydon, London, England.

In 2016 he was reported to have asked for his name to be withdrawn from consideration for a potential knighthood in David Cameron's resignation honours list.

The Sunday Times Rich List 2017 said that Taylor's wealth was at £180m, making him the UK's 623rd richest person.

Taylor died of pneumonia caused by cancer on 8 June 2020 in London, aged 64.

Derek Chauvin

Derek Michael Chauvin (born 19 March 1976) is a former American police officer, known for being found guilty of murdering of George Floyd although autopsy reports discover other underlying factors that may have contributed. Chauvin was convicted of three crimes: unintentional second-degree murder, third-degree murder, and second-degree manslaughter.

Unintentional second-degree murder means he was committing another felony crime, in this case, assault. It means he was not necessarily trying to kill Floyd, but he killed him while assaulting him. Chauvin was also convicted of third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter.

Chauvin was convicted on April 20, 2021. He is currently serving a 22.5 year prison sentence, and the other officers who did not step in to intervene are serving sentences.

While serving his prison sentences at the FCI Tucson prison, Chauvin was stabbed by another inmate at about 12:30 p.m. local time on November 24, 2023. Prison employees performed "life-saving" actions before Chauvin was taken to a hospital.

National Library of the Czech Republic

The National Library of the Czech Republic () is the central library of the Czech Republic. The main part of the library is in the Clementinum building of Prague.

Craig Revel Horwood

Craig Revel Horwood (born 4 January 1965) is an Australian-British professional ballroom dancer, choreographer, conductor, singer, author, theatre director and television personality in the United Kingdom. He is a patron of the "Royal Osteoporois Society." 

He is best known as a judge on the popular BBC dancing show "Strictly Come Dancing", and he is the only judge to have appeared in every episode so far.

Horwood is also often seen performing Ballroom and Latin routines on Strictly Come Dancing including, in 2019 during a performance themed on the Hello, Dolly!.

Mood Ring (song)

"Mood Ring" is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was included as a bonus track on the Japanese version of Spears’ 2016 album, "Glory". Spears later re-released the standard version of the album in 2020 with a new cover and included "Mood Ring" on this version, released on May 22, 2020. It is listed as "Mood Ring (By Demand)" on the tracklist.

The song was written by DJ Mustard, Te Whiti Warbrick, Jon Asher, Melanie Fontana, Lewis Hughes, and Nicholas Audino, while DJ Mustard produced the song.

Periodical

Periodical is a type of publication that is produced regularly. It is anything that comes out with regular issues and are published in series. A daily newspaper, a weekly news magazine, a monthly journal, and an annual book series are all examples of periodicals. Some periodicals are published in ways that make them more valuable to scholars. Periodical literature is a category of serial publications that appear in a new edition on a regular schedule.

Ickabog

The Ickabog is a fairy tale by British author J. K. Rowling. The story will be published in parts by Rowling online, before its official publication in November 2020. "The Ickabog" is Rowling's first children's book since "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" was published in 2007.

Ray Kurzweil

Raymond "Ray" Kurzweil (born February 12, 1948 in Queens, New York City) is an American author, entrepreneur, inventor, and futurist.

Kurzweil wrote seven books (five of them were national bestsellers) about topics like health, artificial intelligence (AI), transhumanism, immortality, the technological singularity, and futurism. He speaks to people and gives speeches at conferences like DEMO, SXSW, and TED. He also maintains the news website KurzweilAI.net. It has more than three million readers per year. He has a sibling, a son, Ethan Kurzweil, and a daughter, Amy Kurzweil.

Kurzweil works at Google since 2012. He is a "director of engineering".

Kurzweil made 147 predictions about the future since the 1990s. He has a prediction accuracy rate of 86%.
Predictions from 1990: A computer will defeat a world chess champion by 1998. This prediction was wrong because it already happened in 1997. Personal Computers (PCs) will can answer queries by accessing information wirelessly via the Internet by 2010. That became true. Exoskeletal limbs will let the disabled walk by the early 2000s. That became true.

Predictions from 1999: People will can talk to their computer to give them commands by 2009. That became true. Computer displays will be built into eyeglasses for augmented reality by 2009. That became true.

Predictions from 2005: Virtual solutions will be able to do real-time language translation into text that will appear as subtitles to a user wearing the glasses in the 2010s. That became true.






Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (politician)

Sheikh Mujibur Rahman is a Bangladeshi politician. He is a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party . He was elected a member of parliament from Bagerhat-1 in February 1996.

Prafulla Kumar Mandal was elected to parliament from Bagerhat-1 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 15 February 1996 Bangladeshi general election.

He was defeated from Bagerhat-1 constituency on 12 June 1996 and 2001 on the nomination of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.

Prafulla Kumar Mandal

Prafulla Kumar Mandal was a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician. He was elected a member of parliament from Khulna-1 in February 1996.

Prafulla Kumar Mandal was elected to parliament from Khulna-1 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 15 February 1996 Bangladeshi general election.

He was defeated from Khulna-1 constituency on 12 June 1996 on the nomination of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.

Valeria León

Valeria León (born 21 November 1995) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player. She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team and played for Leonas de Ponce in 2018. She was part of the Puerto Rican National Team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for Ohio State University's women's volleyball.


Edith Mukuvilani

Edith Mukuvilani (born 20 July 1994) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2010 Women's World Volleyball Championship, 2018 Women's World Volleyball Championship, and 2019 FIVB Women's World Cup. She won the gold medal at the 2019 African Games.


Emmaculate Chemtai

Emmaculate Chemtai (born 14 October 1993) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2018 World Championship and 2019 FIVB Women's World Cup. 

She was chosen to represent Kenya at the 2020 Summer Olympics.


Miami Medical

Miami Medical is a medical drama television series that aired on CBS from April 2 to July 2, 2010 that follows the professional and private lives of a team of trauma surgeons. In May 2010, CBS cancelled the series after one season.

115th United States Congress

The 115th United States Congress was the 115th legislative cycle of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. It lasted from January 3, 2017, as a result of the 2016 elections, till January 3, 2019, when the 116th Congress began. In this cycle, both the House and Senate were controlled by Republicans.

The President of the Senate was Joe Biden (a Democrat).

The Senate President Pro Tem was Orrin Hatch (a Republican).
The Majority Leader was Republican Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.

The Minority Leader was Democrat Charles Schumer of New York.

The Majority Whip was Republican John Cornyn of Texas.

The Minority Whip was Democrat Dick Durbin of Illinois.

The Speaker of the House was Paul Ryan (a Republican).

The Majority Leader was Republican Kevin McCarthy of California.

The Minority Leader was Democrat Nancy Pelosi of California.

The Majority Whip was Republican Steve Scalise of Louisiana.

The Minority Whip was Democrat Steny Hoyer of Maryland.

There were 51 Republicans and 47 Democrats, as well as 2 Independents who sided with Democrats.

There were 235 Republicans and just 193 Democrats, plus 7 empty seats.

Lorine Chebet Kaei

Lorine Chebet Kaei (born 8 October 1999) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship. and 2019 FIVB Women's World Cup. 


Kristina Karapetan

Kristina Karapetan (born 3 August 1992 in Chara, Kalarsky District) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. She was a member of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for Irtysh Kazchrome in 2018.


Zhanna Syroeshkina

Zhanna Syroeshkina (born 4 June 1999 in Ekibastuz) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

She played for VC Almaty in 2018.


Kristina Belova

Kristina Belova (born 29 November 1998 in Pavlodar) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player. She is a member of the Kazakhstan women's national volleyball team. She was part of the team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, and 2018 VTV International Women's Volleyball Cup.

She played for Irtysh Kazchrome in 2018.


Javelin frog

The javelin frog, pygmy rocket frog or cairns tree frog ("Litoria microbelos") is a small frog from northern Australia. It lives in northern and central Queensland and in Kimberly.

The frogs are less than 2 cm long, some of the smallest in Australia. They are light brown with dark brown stripes.

They lay eggs in areas that are temporarily flooded and not in permanent bodies of water like ponds. Adults hide in the grass or under rocks or logs.

Weighed But Found Wanting

Weighed But Found Wanting (Filipino: Tinimbang Ka Ngunit Kulang; also known as Human Imperfections) is a 1974 Filipino drama movie directed by Lino Brocka and starring Anita Linda, Christopher de Leon, Mario O'Hara, Lolita Rodriguez, Eddie Garcia, Hilda Koronel, Lilia Dizon.


Hardcore (movie)

Hardcore is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring George C. Scott, Peter Boyle, Season Hubley, Dick Sargent, Gary Graham, Leslie Ackerman. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Audrey Wasilewski

Audrey Wasilewski (born June 26, 1967) is an American actress and voice artist. She is known as the current voice of E.T.


International Star Registry

The International Star Registry (ISR) is an organization which sells the right to unofficially name stars. It was founded in 1979 by John and Phyllis Mosele. It has published nine large volumes of the copyrighted book titled "Your Place in the Cosmos".

Source:

One Crazy Summer

One Crazy Summer is a 1986 American romantic comedy movie directed by Savage Steve Holland and starring John Cusack, Demi Moore, Bobcat Goldthwait, Curtis Armstrong, Joel Murray, William Hickey, Jeremy Piven, Taylor Negron. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Hannah and Her Sisters

Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1986 American comedy drama movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Michael Caine, Mia Farrow, Carrie Fisher, Barbara Hershey, Lloyd Nolan, Maureen O'Sullivan, Daniel Stern, Max von Sydow, Dianne Wiest. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1987.


Hugo Boss Prize

The Hugo Boss Prize is an award conveyed to an artist or group of artists to recognize their works. It recognizes artists from any medium and from any parts of of the world.

It was established in 1996 and different from other art awards like the Turner Prize) because it has no restrictions on nationality or age. The prize is curated by the Guggenheim Museum and sponsored by the Hugo Boss clothing company. It comes with a trophy and a cash award of US$100,000.


Thor Steinar

Thor Steinar is a German clothing company. It trades as Thor Steinar Mediatex GmbH which is a subsidiary of International Brands General Trading based in Dubai. 

In Germany, it is considered that the company is closely associated to neo-Nazism by the "Verfassungschutz" of the state of Brandenburg. In German media, the brand is oftenly discussed in the light of this association. Wearing Thor Steinar clothes is expressly forbidden in the Bundestag, in the Landtage of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Saxony and in many football stadiums.


BioShock 2

BioShock 2 is the sequel to the first-person shooter game "BioShock". The game has some new features, but overall "BioShock 2" is very similar to the first game. It takes place 8 years after "BioShock". In "BioShock 2", the player plays as a Big Daddy, a major enemy from the first game, called Subject Delta. Subject Delta is an early version of the Big Daddy, the Alpha Series.

The game begins in 1958, two years before the events of "BioShock." At this time, Rapture has not yet fallen into disorder. Subject Delta is responsible for protecting one specific Little Sister (little girls whose job is to collect ADAM, a liquid that gives people powers) named Eleanor. Eleanor is attacked by Splicers (humans that are addicted to ADAM), but Subject Delta kills the Splicers and tries to rescue Eleanor. However, it turned out that her mother, Sofia Lamb, hired the Splicers to take back Eleanor. She then hypnotizes Subject Delta to kill himself.

Ten years, later, eight years after the events of "BioShock", Subject Delta mysteriously comes back to life. Since both Andrew Ryan and Frank Fontaine are both dead, Sofia Lamb took over Rapture. Instead of being a society based on objectivism, a philosophy that believes people should only do things based their own self-interest, Rapture is now a collectivist society, or a society where people can only do things that help others. Sofia Lamb does experiments to figure out how to turn her now-teenage daughter, Eleanor, and everyone else in Rapture into the perfect humans. This is so that Rapture can become the perfect society, since Sofia believed a perfect society was not possible unless its people were also perfect. Subject Delta wants to rescue Eleanor before Sofia finishes her experiments.

Along the way, Subject Delta gets the help of a businessman named Augustus Sinclair to help find Eleanor.

While the gameplay is very similar to that of "BioShock", some new features were added to the sequel. First, the player can use both plasmids (powers gotten from ADAM) and weapons at the same time. In addition, the player has a new weapon called the Hack Tool. This allows the player to hack machines from faraway by shooting Hack Darts at it. Instead of playing a Pipe Dream-like minigame every time the player hacks a machine, the player plays a timing-based minigame that happens as the game is still happening. The player can also use the Hack Tool to drop Mini-turrets. Instead of the wrench, the player's main melee weapon is the Drill. The Drill has a powerful drilling attack that can drain an enemy's health very quickly, but this attack will stop if the player runs out of Drill Fuel. The Drill also has a weaker melee attack that does not use Drill Fuel. 

Also, if the player chooses to adopt the Little Sisters rather than harvest them, then the player will need to get ADAM by protecting the Little Sisters when they get ADAM from dead Splicers. However, the player can take the time to get resources and set up traps because the player can choose the time when the Little Sister gets ADAM. After the player rescues all the little sisters in a level, the player will then fight a Big Sister, a Little Sister who grew into an adult. Big Sisters are difficult to kill because they have a lot of health, they can kill the player quickly, and they can use plasmids to fight the player. However, the player will get a lot of ADAM if they kill the Big Sister.

Lance Acord

Lancelot J. "Lance" Acord (born September 9, 1964) A.S.C. is an American cinematographer.

Acord was born in Fresno County, California. He attended Sir Francis Drake High School's School Within A School (S.W.A.S.) program and went on to study photography and filmmaking at the San Francisco Art Institute. He began his professional career with Bruce Weber and together, they made documentaries, commercials and music videos.

His latest directorial work is "".


Valentino (1977 movie)

Valentino is a 1977 American British biographical drama movie directed by Ken Russell and starring Rudolf Nureyev, Leslie Caron, Seymour Cassel, Carol Kane, Michelle Phillips, Penelope Milford. It was distributed by United Artists.


Tomorrow Never Comes

Tomorrow Never Comes is a 1978 Canadian British crime drama movie directed by Peter Collinson and starring Oliver Reed, Raymond Burr, Susan George, Paul Koslo, John Ireland, Stephen McHattie, Donald Pleasence.

The Boys in Company C

The Boys in Company C is a 1978 American Hong Kong Vietnam War drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Stan Shaw, Andrew Stevens, Craig Wasson, Michael Lembeck, Scott Hylands, R. Lee Eremy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The Betsy

The Betsy is a 1978 American drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and based on the novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars Laurence Olivier, Tommy Lee Jones, Robert Duvall, Katharine Ross, Jane Alexander, Lesley-Anne Down and was distributed by United Artists.

Claudia Winkleman

Claudia Anne Irena Winkleman (born 15 January 1972) is an English television presenter, film critic, radio personality, and journalist. Between 2004 and 2010, she presented "" on weeknights on BBC Two. Since 2010, she has co-presented "Strictly Come Dancing"s main results show on Sunday nights with Tess Daly on BBC One and since 2014 she has been co-host with Daly on the Saturday night live shows, following the departure of Sir Bruce Forsyth. She has twice been nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Entertainment Performance for her work on "Strictly Come Dancing." 

Winkleman was also the presenter of the BBC's "Film...", replacing Jonathan Ross after his move to ITV in 2010.

PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds

PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) is a multiplayer battle royale game published by Tencent Games in corporation with Blue Hole company.

The game was released in 2017 and became free-to-play on all platforms in 2022. 

https://news.xbox.com/en-us/2021/12/10/battlegrounds-for-all-pubg-to-become-free-to-play-game/#:~:text=Here's%20some%20surprise%20news!%20Last,gunplay%20and%20non%2Dstop%20action.
Notes

Armed and Dangerous (1986 movie)

Armed and Dangerous is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Mark L. Lester and starring John Candy, Eugene Levy, Meg Ryan, Kenneth McMillan, Brion James, Larry Hankin, Tito Puente. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and box office reviews were poor.


Casey's Shadow

Casey's Shadow is a 1978 American family drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and based on the short story by John McPhee. It stars Walter Matthau, Alexis Smith, Murray Hamilton, Robert Webber, Andrew Rubin and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Midnight Express

Midnight Express is a 1978 American British biographical drama movie directed by Alan Parker and based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Billy Hayes. It stars Brad Davis, Irene Miracle, Bo Hopkins, Paolo Bonacelli, Paul L. Smith, Randy Quaid, John Hurt and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1979.

Goya Awards

The Goya Awards () are Spain's main national annual movie awards.

The awards were created in 1987, a year after the founding of the Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences. The first awards ceremony took place on March 16, 1987 in Madrid. 

The ceremony continues to take place annually at Centro de Congresos Príncipe Felipe, around the end of January/start of February, and awards are given to movies created during the year before.

Prime Minister of Gabon

This is a list of prime ministers of Gabon since the formation of the post of Prime Minister in 1960, to the present day.

A total of twelve people have been Prime Minister.

Political parties

Other factions


Eyes of Laura Mars

Eyes of Laura Mars is a 1978 American mystery thriller movie directed by Irvin Kershner and starring Faye Dunaway, Tommy Lee Jones, Brad Dourif, Raul Julia, René Auberjonois. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Paulin Obame-Nguema

Paulin Obame-Nguema (28 December 1934 – 11 December 2023) was a Gabonese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Gabon from 2 November 1994 to 23 January 1999. He was a Deputy in the National Assembly of Gabon.

Obame-Nguema died on 11 December 2023 at the age of 88.

Jean-François Ntoutoume Emane

Jean-François Ntoutoume Emane (born 6 October 1939) is a Gabonese politician. He was Prime Minister of Gabon from 23 January 1999 to 20 January 2006. He was Mayor of Libreville, the capital, from 2008 to 2014.

Julien Nkoghe Bekale

Julien Nkoghe Bekale (born 9 January 1962) is a Gabonese politician. He was the 11th Prime Minister of Gabon. In the aftermath of the 2019 Gabonese coup d'état attempt, he was made prime minister by President Ali Bongo Ondimba on 12 January 2019.

The Unknown Mariachi

The Unknown Mariachi () is a 1953 Mexican comedy movie directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and starring Germán Valdés, Rosa de Castilla, Gloria Mange, Rosita Fornés, Marcelo Chávez, Tito Novaro, Lupe Carriles.

Emmanuel Issoze-Ngondet

Franck Emmanuel Issoze-Ngondet (2 April 1961 – 11 June 2020) was a Gabonese Democratic politician. He was the 10th Prime Minister of Gabon from 2016 until 2019. In the aftermath of the failed coup d'état attempt, President Ali Bongo Ondimba replaced him with Julien Nkoghe Bekale.

From 2012 to 2016, he was the Minister for Foreign Affairs. He was born in Makokou, Gabon.

Issoze-Ngondet died from asthma on 11 June 2020 in the Gabonese capital of Libreville, aged 59.

Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue

Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue (born December 30, 1933) is a Gabonese politician. He was born in Franceville, Gabon. He was the Foreign Minister of Gabon from 1974 to 1976. He was later he was elected as Secretary-General of the Agency of Cultural and Technical Cooperation (ACCT) on December 16–17, 1985.

Paul Malékou

Paul Malékou (born November 17, 1938) was the Foreign Minister of Gabon for a short time in 1968. He was born in Fougamou, Gabon. Malékou was Director-General of ASECNA from 1975 to 1983.

Jean Engone

Jean Engone (born 1932) is a Gabonese politician. He was the Foreign Affairs Minister of Gabon for 1965 to 1967, during the Léon M'ba presidency. He was born in the capital city of Libreville.

Flame Top

Flame Top () is a 1980 Finnish drama movie directed by Pirjo Honkasalo and Pekka Lehto. It stars Rea Mauranen, Asko Sarkola, Esko Salminen, Matti Oravisto, Kari Franck.

Ain Kaalep

Ain Kaalep (4 June 1926 – 9 June 2020) was an Estonian poet, playwright, literary critic and translator. 

He was born in Tartu, Estonia. Kaalep was a member of the Congress of Estonia. From 1989 to 2001, Kaalep was the editor-in-chief of the journal "Akadeemia". In 2002, he was briefly a professor of Liberal Arts at the University of Tartu.

Kaalep died on 9 June 2020 in Tartu from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 94.



Stan London

Stanley London (c. 1925 – June 8, 2020) was an American doctor. He worked with St. Louis Cardinal players from 1956 until his death. He was born in Springfield, Illinois. He became the team's senior medical adviser in October 1997. London was also team physician for the St. Louis Hawks for 11 seasons.

London died on June 8, 2020 under hospice care in Ladue, Missouri at the age of 94.

Mr. Wrestling II

John "Johnny" Francis Walker (September 10, 1934 – June 10, 2020) was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Mr. Wrestling II. He was best known for his appearances with Championship Wrestling from Florida and Georgia Championship Wrestling in the 1970s and early 1980s. He was born in Charleston, South Carolina and was raised in Atlanta, Georgia.

Walker died on June 10, 2020 in Mililani, Hawaii at the age of 85.

Mililani, Hawaii

Mililani is a city located near the center of the island of Oahu in Honolulu County, Hawaiʻi, United States. 

It is made up of two census-designated places, Mililani Town, with a population of 28,121 at the 2020 census, and Mililani Mauka, with a 2020 census population of 21,075.

Mr. Wrestling

George Burrell Woodin (July 28, 1934 – November 30, 2002) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring names, Mr. Wrestling and Tim Woods. He was born in Utica, New York.

Woodin began his wrestling career at the age of 28 using the name "Tim Woods". He was then given the name "Mr. Wrestling" by Nebraska promotor Joe Dusek. Mr. Wrestling became a major superstar in the Georgia, Florida, Texas and Mid-Atlantic territories. He wrestled in the World Wide Wrestling Federation in the northeast.

On November 30, 2002, Woodin died from a heart attack at his home in Charlotte, North Carolina at the age of 68.

Steve Corino

Steven Eugene Corino (born May 29, 1973) is a Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler. He is signed with WWE as a trainer and producer for their developmental territory NXT. 

He is best known for his time in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and Ring of Honor (ROH) under the ring name Steve Corino. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Ares (wrestler)

Marco Jaggi (born January 12, 1980) is a Swiss professional wrestler and wrestling trainer. He is known by his ring name Ares (or Are$). He was born in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland.

For much of his career, Jaggi teamed with Claudio Castagnoli and Marc Roudin as part of Swiss Money Holding. They were one of the top tag teams in Europe during the 2000s, the trio won titles in Germany, France, the United Kingdom and their native Switzerland.

Under the Freebird Rule, Jaggi held the IPW:UK Tag Team Championship with Castagnoli and Roudin for a record 12 months.

In 2008, he married wrestler Allison Danger. They have one daughter.

Jonah and the Pink Whale

Jonah and the Pink Whale is a 1995 Bolivian Mexican comedy movie directed by Juan Carlos Valdivia and based on the 1987 novel by José Wolfango Montes Vannuci. It stars Dino García, María Renée Prudencio, Julieta Egurrola.

Allison Danger

Cathy Allison Corino (born March 31, 1977) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager. She is better known by her ring name, Allison Danger. She was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Her brother is also a professional wrestler, Mr. Wrestling III. Danger joined Ring of Honor (ROH) as the manager of the Christopher Street Connection.

Danger is heavily involved with the running of Chicago-based female independent circuit independent professional wrestling promotion Shimmer Women Athletes.

In 2008, she married wrestler Ares. They have one daughter.

Jas Waters

Jas Waters (October 21, 1980 – June 9, 2020), also known as Jas Fly, was an American screenwriter and journalist. She was known for writing 18 episodes of the TV series "This Is Us". She also wrote for "The Breaks" and "Hood Adjacent with James Davis". 

Waters was a journalist in the hip hop industry, writing a digital column for "Vibe Vixen" in the early 2010s. 

Waters was born in Evanston, Illinois. She studied at Columbia College Chicago. She hung herself on June 9, 2020 in Los Angeles County, California at the age of 39. 

Sexual Dependency

Sexual Dependency (original Spanish title Dependencia sexual) is a 2003 Bolivian American drama movie directed by Rodrigo Bellott and starring Alexandra Aponte, Roberto Urbina, Jorge Antonino Saavedra, Matthew Guida.

Harry Glickman

Harry Glickman (May 13, 1924 – June 10, 2020) was an American journalist, promoter, and sports executive. He was one of the founders of the Portland Trail Blazers, and the team's president from 1987 to 1994. He was born in Portland, Oregon. He was also a sports editor for "The Oregonian".

On June 10, 2020, Glickman died in Portland at the age of 96.

Wang Dingguo

Wang Dingguo (; 4 February 1912 – 9 June 2020) was a Chinese Red Army veteran and politician. She was the wife of Xie Juezai, president of the Supreme People's Court. She was a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from 1978 to 1993. She was a member of the Communist Party of China. Wang was born in Yingshan County, Sichuan.

Wang died on 9 June 2020 in Beijing from an illness, aged 108.


Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference

The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC, ), also known as the People's PCC (, ) or simply the PCC (), is a political organization in the People's Republic of China. The organisation is made up of delegates from eight legally-allowed political parties and other organisations, as well as independent members. 

The CPPCC is controlled by the United Front Work Department.

Claudell Washington

Claudell Washington (August 31, 1954 – June 10, 2020) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball. He was born in Los Angeles and raised in Atlanta. He won the World Series in 1974.

Washington played for the Oakland Athletics (1974–76), Texas Rangers (1977–78), Chicago White Sox (1978–80), New York Mets (1980), Atlanta Braves (1981–86), New York Yankees (1987–88, 1990) and California Angels (1989–90). 

Washington died on June 10, 2020 from prostate cancer in San Francisco at the age of 65.


Basil Meeking

John Basil Meeking (19 November 1929 – 11 June 2020) was a New Zealand bishop. He was the 7th bishop of Christchurch, New Zealand from 1987 to 1995. Meeking was born in Ashburton, New Zealand.

He was made Bishop of Christchurch by Pope John Paul II on 30 March 1987 and resigned on 15 December 1995. 

Meeking died in Christchurch on 11 June 2020, aged 90.

Katsuhisa Hattori

His style was classical, although he also had works which were New Age, Jazz, etc. He was the son of Ryoichi Hattori and father of Takayuki Hattori.

He was a producer and music supervisor for many years, and had his own publishing company, Hattori Music Publishing. He was also pianist, judge and a chairman for the Tokyo music festivals.

Hattori died on June 11, 2020 in Tokyo from heart failure, aged 83.


Blackout Tuesday

Blackout Tuesday was a collection of action to protest racism and police brutality. The action, originally organized within the music industry in response to the murders of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, and Breonna Taylor, took place on Tuesday, June 2, 2020. 

Businesses taking part were asked to stop the releasing music and other business operations. Some outlets produced blacked out, silent or minimal programming for 8 minutes and 46 seconds, the length of time police officer Derek Chauvin stepped on Floyd's neck, killing him.

Eight minutes 46 seconds

8 minutes 46 seconds (8:46) is a symbol of police brutality. It comes from the murder of George Floyd on May 25, 2020, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. Derek Chauvin, a police officer, put his knee on Floyd's neck. This stop Floyd from being able to breathe. The time that Chauvin spent kneeling was reported for weeks as 8 minutes 46 seconds. It was later reported as 7 minutes 46 seconds. Body camera footage released in August 2020 showed that the actual time was 9 minutes 29 seconds. In the days after his murder, the duration became a focus of commemorations and debates, especially around Blackout Tuesday.

The duration has been specifically referenced in "die-in" protests in Minneapolis, New York, Boston, Detroit, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Portland, Chicago, Denver, and other cities, where protesters lay down for eight minutes and 46 seconds to protest police brutality and the racialized killings by law enforcement officers in the United States. It has also been used in numerous commemorations, vigils and gatherings to recognize Floyd and protest his murder, including at his memorial.

In the days after his death, and the protests that followed, that specific time span has become the focus of debates, especially around Blackout Tuesday.

The time has been specifically referenced in "die-in" protests in Minneapolis, New York, Chicago Boston, Philadelphia, Portland, Denver and other cities, where protesters lay down for 8 minutes and 46 seconds to protest police brutality.

Shooting of Breonna Taylor

On March 13, 2020, Breonna Taylor, a 26-year-old African-American emergency medical technician, was shot and killed by Louisville Metro Police Department (LMPD) officers. 

That day, three police officers came to her apartment. The officers wore everyday clothing, they were not in uniform. As they had a search warrant for drugs, there was no way of refusing them entry. Taylor's boyfriend Kenneth Walker and the officers shot at each other. When Walker was questioned, he said he believed that the officers were intruders. The LMPD officers fired over twenty shots. Taylor was shot eight times and LMPD sergeant Mattingly was injured by gunfire. 

Another police officer and an LMPD lieutenant were on the scene when the warrant was executed. No drugs were found in the apartment.

According to a lawsuit filed against the police by the Taylor family's lawyers, the officers entered the home without knocking or announcing that they were police officers.

Elisabeth-Anne de Massy

Baroness Elizabeth-Ann de Massy Noghès (13 January 1947 – 10 June 2020) was a Monegasque aristocrat. She was the daughter of Princess Antoinette of Monaco and Alexandre-Athenase Noghès. 

She is a first cousin of the reigning Prince Albert II and niece of Rainier III. She is the godmother of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco. 

Although Elisabeth-Anne was born out of wedlock, her parents married in 1951, thus allowing her to be in the line to the throne. She lost her place in the line of succession to the Monegasque throne upon the death of Rainier III.

She was President of the Monegasque Tennis Federation and of the Monte Carlo Country Club.

On 10 June 2020, Elizabeth-Ann de Massy died at the age of 73.

Princess Antoinette, Baroness of Massy

Princess Antoinette of Monaco, Baroness of Massy (Antoinette Louise Alberte Suzanne Grimaldi; 28 December 1920 – 18 March 2011), was a member of the princely family of Monaco. She was the elder sister of Prince Rainier III and aunt of Albert II, Prince of Monaco. 

Her parents were Count Pierre de Polignac and Princess Charlotte, Duchess of Valentinois.

On 18 March 2011 Princess Antoinette died at The Princess Grace Hospital Centre, aged 90.

Michel Lévêque

Michel Lévêque (born 19 July 1933) is a French diplomat and politician. From 1997 to 2000 he was Minister of State of Monaco. 

He was the French ambassador to Libya (1985-1989), Morocco (1991-1993), Brazil (1993-1994) and Algeria (1995-1997).

