Swimming at the 1922 Women's Olympiad – 100 metre backstroke

The 100 m backstroke event at the 1922 Women's Olympiad was held on 22 April 1922. The venue of the competition was the Port Hercules, the harbour of Monte Carlo, Monaco.

The winner of each heat and the fastest number two continued to the final. The Dutch Truus Klapwijk won the third heat ahead of the French ladies Brinter and Porter.

The Dutch Truus Klapwijk won the race in a time of 1:43. This time was listed as a new French record. British Doris Hart finished second, 0.6 seconds behind Klapwijk and the French Alice Harlfinger finished third.

Sources:

Taka

Taka may refer to:


Zion &amp; Lennox

Zion and Lennox is a reggaeton duo formed in 2001. It is made up of Felix Gerardo Ortiz "Zion" and Gabriel Enrique Pizarro "Lennox", both from Carolina, Puerto Rico.

Throughout their music career, they have received nominations for various awards such as Billboard Latin Music Awards, Latin American Music Awards, ASCAP, among others, and won in the "Best Artist" category.

London Ladies Waterpolo Club in the Netherlands in 1914

The London Ladies Waterpolo Club went in January 1914 to the Netherlands. The club played two water polo matches against the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub (H.D.Z.) and Haagsche Dames Zwem- en Poloclub also competed in swimming events. The water polo matches were one of the earliest international women's water polo meetings. The first match took place in Amsterdam on 27 January and the second match in The Hague on 28 January.

In early November 1913 it was announced the London Ladies Waterpolo Club would come in January 1914 to the Netherlands.

On 16 December 1913 it was announced the London Ladies Waterpolo Club would compete against H.D.Z. on 27 January 1914 in Amsterdam. The events were held at the . The event was advertised in national newspapers and tickets could be bought in advance. Next to water polo match of the London Ladies Waterpolo Club against the Nederlandsche Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub an international 4x 40 metre relay took place (also including ladies of the Haagsche Dames Zwem- en Poloclub) and national events were held.

The evening started at 8 p.m. with an ochestra playing the British national anthem.

Next to the international events, national events were held including a water polo match of the second team
of the HDZ against the first team of The Hague (1–1). Three HDZ women (Evelein, Lachman and Helweg) gave diving demonstration from the 1 metre and 3 metre springboard. Another three women (A. Kolk, Spangenthal and B. Duijkers) demonstrated doll diving.

Three teams competed in the 4x 40 metre relay. In the first part of the race, the Nederlandsche Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub were leading the race. But the women of the London Ladies Waterpolo Club won with a considerable gap ahead of Nederlandsche Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub and Haagsche Dames Zwem- en Poloclub. It’s described that miss G. Anndson, the last swimmer of the British team, had a fantastic swimming style.

Job van Laar became at the last moment a member of the team, after one team member withdrawn.


During the water polo match the Dutch women had a good teamwork, while the British women had very good shots and precision. In the first half the Dutch A. van Laar made the first goal, quickly followed by a second goal. At the end of the first half the British E. Ballard scored the first goal for the team. In the second half the British women were stronger. Especially captain D. Anderson played very well and scored. Just before the end of the match Ballard scored again and so the London Ladies Waterpolo Club won with 2-3.

The best Dutch defenders were named Job van Laar and Evelein, and best Dutch attacker being Annie van Laar.

In another match report the names of the goal scores are different, with names as Brandt scoring the second goal for the Netherlands and the British Annison scoring twice.

The events were organized as part of the first anniversary of the Haagsche Dames Zwem- en Poloclub. It was held on 27 January 1914 at the covered swimming venue in The Hague. An international water polo match and an international 20 metre freestyle was held. Next to the international events the evening started with a junior 20 metre freestyle, a water polo match of the Haagsche Dames Zwem- en Poloclub against H.D.Z. Amsterdam won the match with 4-0. Also other swimming events were held including: blind swimming, girls candle swimming, diving and doll diving.

A team of four swimmers of the London Ladies Club competed against four women of ADZ. The British team won in a time of 2:24.8, ten seconds ahead of the Dutch team.
Ahead of the water polo match, an “extra” event was held: the 20 metre freestyle. Four women from different cities competed against each other: London, The Hague, Rotterdam and Amsterdam. The British D. Anderson competed against the Dutch Van Laar, Schnwiert and Van Kappen. Anderson won in a time of 17.3, ahead of Van Laar.
It was planned the British team would play against a mixed team of players from the clubs from Amsterdam and The Hague. However, shortly before the international water polo match, it was announced that players of the Dutch Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub
were too tired to compete. This annoyed the Haagsche Dames Zwem- en Poloclub. While three women from Amsterdam still wanted to compete, the team from The Hague decided that the match would be played with only players from the club from The Hague. 

The match was described as an attractive match. The British team was much better compared to the Dutch team and had a very good accuracy and good shots and were faster. The British team won with 4–1. The Dutch goal was made with a good shot of an English substitute.

Bisexual flag

The bisexual flag is a pride flag representing bisexuality, bisexual people, and the bisexual community. The pink stripe represents homosexuality. The pink stripe represents heterosexuality. The purple stripe is the "overlap" of the two colors. This stripe represents attraction regardless of sex or gender. 

The flag was designed by Michael Page in 1998 to raise awareness of bisexuals in the world and in the LGBT community. He wanted to give the bisexual community a symbol like the rainbow flag was for the LGBT community. The first bisexual pride flag was shown at the BiCafe's first anniversary party on December 5, 1998. 

Page said that he took the colors and overlap from the biangles (also known as the bisexuality triangles). The biangles were designed by artist Liz Nania for the Second National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights in 1987. The design of the biangles began with the pink triangle, a Nazi concentration camp badge that later became a symbol of gay liberation representing homosexuality. The addition of a blue triangle contrasts the pink and represents heterosexuality. The two triangles overlap and form lavender.

Page described the meaning of the pink, purple, and blue colors:

The flag is used in different aspect ratios. 2:3 and 3:5 are often used, which is common between flags.

The exact colors given by Page are PMS 226 for the pink, 258 for the purple, and 286 for the blue. The pink stripe takes up two fifths of the flag. The purple stripe takes up the middle fifth. The blue stripe takes up the other two fifths. The flag has been most commonly made with the pink stripe at the top, but both ways are acceptable. The flag is not patented, trademarked, or service marked.

Pansexual flag

The pansexual flag is a bright pink, yellow and cyan flag. It was made as a symbol for the pansexual community to increase its visibility and recognition.

The flag has been in wide use since the early 2010s when it was posted on an anonymous Tumblr account, by its creator Jasper V. The flag is used as a symbol of the pansexual community, just like the rainbow flag is used for the LGBT community. The pansexual pride flag is used to show that pansexuals have sexual attractions and relationships with people of different genders and sexualities.

The pansexual flag consists of three equally-sized colored horizontal bars. They are magenta on top, yellow in the middle, and cyan on the bottom.

Some sources say that the cyan represents attraction to men. But others say it represents people who are attracted to men. Magenta represents attraction to women. Yellow represents attraction to non-binary people such as those who are agender, bigender and genderfluid. Other sources say that the colours cyan, magenta, and yellow stand for those who identify as men, women and non-binary people, respectively.


Ramesh Ponnuru

Ramesh Ponnuru is an American conservative journalist and political commentator. He works as an editor for "National Review". He also writes about politics for Bloomberg News and writes for Yuval Levin’s magazine "National Affairs". In 2015, Politico said that Ponnuru was one of their top 50 people in the politics of the United States of America. 

Ramesh Ponnuru was born in 1974 in Kansas. His father was Hindu. His mother was Lutheran. Ponnuru graduated high school in 1990 when he was 16 years old. He studied history at Princeton University where he graduated "summa cum laude" in 1995 when he was 21 years old. Ponnuru wrote a thesis on abortion in the 19th century United States. Ponnuru converted to Roman Catholicism. He married a woman named April. 

In 1999, Ponnuru, at the time 25 years old, started to work as a journalist for "National Review". He was known for writing about constitutionalism and fiscal policy. In 2006, Ponnuru wrote a book called "The Party of Death" criticizing the Democratic Party of the United States for being pro-choice. In the same book, Ponnuru argued against euthanasia being legal. In 2014, Ponnuru and Yuval Levin wrote a book called "Room to Grow" about the future of American conservatism. 

Ponnuru is pro-life, opposes euthanasia, opposes capital punishment, and supports smaller government. In 2016, Ponnuru started supporting the conservative Never Trump Movement. In 2019, Ponnuru wrote an article for "National Review" arguing that Ben Shapiro was wrong to oppose impeaching Donald Trump. In 2020, Ponnuru wrote an article for "National Review" saying that conservatives who didn’t vote for Donald Trump in 2016 shouldn't support him in 2020 either. 

John Derbyshire

John Derbyshire also known as Derb is an American libertarian paleoconservative or paleolibertarian.
He worked as a journalist for National Review. He was fired by Rich Lowry after Derbyshire wrote an article for Taki’s Magazine called “The Talk: Non-Black Version” in which Derbyshire said that parents should teach their children to avoid black people. Since then Derbyshire started writing for Peter Brimelow’s website VDARE and is now a friend of Jared Taylor.

Paleolibertarianism

Paleolibertarianism is a political ideology designed by Murray Rothbard and Llewelyn Rockwell that brings together paleoconservatism and libertarianism. It has since evolved into a large political movement within the Libertarian Party that has become the basis for the Mises Caucus.

Rothbard used paleolibertarianism to justify supporting the David Duke when he ran for Governor of Louisiana in the 1991 Louisiana gubernatorial election.

Lew Rockwell

Llewelyn Rockwell is an American anarcho-capitalist and friend of Murray Rothbard. He supported the Black Panther Party and co-created paleolibertarianism with Rothbard. 
In the 1990s, Rockwell worked as the editor of Ron Paul’s newsletters. This became a controversy when it turned out that they said things like “No doubt the blacks would have privatized the welfare state through continued looting but they were paid off and the violence subsided” and other similar statements. In 2011, Rockwell worked as Paul’s chief of staff. Rockwell is known for opposing American military intervention.

Morona-Santiago tree frog

The Morona-Santiago tree frog ("Hyloscirtus pacha") is a frog. It lives on the east site of the Cordillera Oriental in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 2225 and 2350 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 59.49-60.94 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 65.28-68.37 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark brown in color with orange spots. The orange spots shine like metal. The fingers and toes and insides of the legs are brown with white lines. The iris of the eye is olive brown in color.

Scientists have only seen this frog near streams. They do not know if it can live in other places. This frog is awake at night.

Scientists named this frog after Patricia "Pacha" A. Burrowes. "Pacha" is her nickname. Burrowes worked with the scientists in the forest.

Rich Lowry

Richard Lowry (; born 1968) is an American journalist and political commentator. He is the editor in chief of National Review.

Lowry was born in 1968. After graduating high school, he started working as an assistant for Charles Krauthaumer. In 1992, Lowry started working for William F. Buckley Jr. at National Review. In 1997, he became editor. Lowry has praised Ron DeSantis for how he handled Covid.

Global Development Initiative

The Global Development Initiative (全球发展倡议 in Chinese, also known as GDI; its full name: Global Development Initiative —Building on 2030 SDGs for Stronger, Greener and Healthier Global Development) is a global initiative proposed by China in 2021. It is regarded as another important public good and cooperation platform provided by China to the world since CCP general secretary Xi Jinping put forward the Belt and Road Initiative in 2013. As of September 2022, more than 100 countries and international organizations have expressed their support to the Initiative and more than 60 countries have joined the Group of Friends of the GDI at the UN.

On 21 September 2021, CCP general secretary Xi Jinping addressed the General Debate of the 76 session of the United Nations General Assembly and put forward the Global Development Initiative in his speech titled “Bolstering Confidence and Jointly Overcoming Difficulties to Build a Better World”.

In June 2022, CCP general secretary Xi Jinping chaired the High-level Dialogue on Global Development under the theme “Foster a Global Development Partnership for the New Era to Jointly Implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development”. As the outcome of the Dialogue, the Chair’s Statement was released with an annex which listed 32 practical measures for cooperation.




On January 2022, the Permanent Mission of the People’s Republic of China to the UN held the Launch Meeting of the Group of Friends of Global Development Initiative, which marked the official establishment of the Group. The UN Deputy Secretary-General Ms. Amina Mohammed, Under-Secretary-General Mr. Liu Zhenmin, Under-Secretary-General and Special Adviser on Africa to the Secretary-General Ms. Cristina Duarte, Associate Administrator of UNDP Ms. Usha Rao-Monari, Deputy Executive Director of UN Women Ms. Anita Bhatia, and more than 20 heads of UN agencies were present at the meeting and delivered remarks. Delegates from over 100 countries participated in the meeting, including more than 80 ambassadors.

Deputy Secretary-General Amina Mohammed noted in her remarks that the UN welcomes and supports the GDI, and believes this Initiative will help ensure the world keep the promise of “leaving no one behind”. She also mentioned that the GDI shows China’s continued commitment to supporting the SDGs, and the UN looks forward to working with the Group on the next-phase pragmatic cooperation.

As of September 2022, over 60 countries have joined the Group.

On May 9, 2022,the High-Level Virtual Meeting of the Group of Friends of the Global Development Initiative, with the theme of “Deepening Cooperation under Global Development Initiative for Accelerated Implementation of the 2030 Agenda”,was held at the United Nations Headquarters in New York. Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi addressed the meeting via video link. UN Secretary-General António Guterres delivered a video message. Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Thailand Don Pramudwinai, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Kazakhstan Mukhtar Tileuberdi, Foreign Minister of Pakistan Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, Foreign Minister of Cuba Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla, Secretary of State of Ministry of Planning of Cambodia Thavrak Tuon, Deputy Foreign Minister of Egypt Hamdi Sanad Loza, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs Liu Zhenmin, UNDP Administrator Achim Steiner, FAO Director General Qu Dongyu, and representatives of UNEP, UNFPA, UNICEF, UN Women, UNIDO and other UN development agencies participated in the meeting and delivered remarks. 

In his speech, Secretary-General Guterres said that we are fast-approaching the mid-point of the time to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals, but the progress is in peril. We must and can do better. Discussions through the GDI can help move the needle on development progress across all countries. For people, for planet, and for our common future, it’s time to rescue the SDGs.
On September 20, 2022, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi chaired the Ministerial Meeting of the Group of Friends of the GDI in New York. UN Secretary General António Guterres sent a video message. Cambodian Deputy Prime Minister & Foreign Minister Prak Sokhonn, Lao Deputy Prime Minister & Foreign Minister Saleumxay Kommasith, Thai Deputy Prime Minister & Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai, Ethiopian Deputy Prime Minister & Foreign Minister Demeke Mekonnen Hassen, along with foreign ministers of nearly 40 countries including Mongolia, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Zimbabwe, and Nicaragua, Permanent Representatives of the Group members to the United Nations, and representatives of international organizations such as the United Nations Development Programme, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the International Organization for Migration, and the International Renewable Energy Agency, were present.

Secretary-General Guterres said in his remarks that the holistic Global Development Initiative is a valued contribution to addressing common challenges and accelerating the transition to a more sustainable and inclusive future.

At the meeting, China briefed positive outcomes of its implementation of the Global Development Initiative, put forward three suggestions for forming synergy of the international community to advance the GDI, and expressed willingness to strengthen strategic synergy with UN development agencies and work with members of the Group of Friends to take seven additional measures to implement the 2030 Agenda.

A press statement was issued following the meeting.

Charles Vanhoutte

Charles Vanhoutte (22 November 1929 – 20 October 2022) was a French-born Belgian cyclo-cross cyclist. He also helped organizing cyclo cross races and founded a cycling team. He was a professional cyclist between 1954 and 1969.

Vanhoutte won many prizes with cyclo-cross races. One of his earliest main prizes was the bronze medal at the 1954 Belgian National Cyclo-cross Championships behind Frans Feremans and Roger De Clercq. He was specialized on sand surface. Despite his long list of achievements, Vanhoutte was never world championships. After his cycling career, he stayed involved with the sport. He helped organize main cyclo-cross races in Belgium, making it a bigger sport in Belgium. He also started a cycling team. He coached Norbert Dedecker. He also had his own cycling store. Until he 2021 he watched cyclo-cross races. Vanhoutte died on 20 October 2022, aged 92.












Pride flag

A pride flag is any flag that represents a part of the LGBT community. The word "pride" used here is talking about gay pride. The terms "LGBT flag" and "queer flag" are sometimes used instead of "pride flag".

The rainbow flag is the most widely used LGBT flag and LGBT symbol in general. There are versions of the rainbow flag that are used to focus on specific groups in the community. There are also some pride flags that are not just related to LGBT, such as the polyamory flag.

These flags represent several sexual orientations, romantic orientations, gender identities, subcultures, and regional purposes, as well as the LGBT community as a whole.

Charles Murray

Charles Alan Murray (; born January 8, 1943) is an American political scientist. He is the W.H. Brady Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank in Washington, DC.

Many people do not agree with Murray's work. His book "Losing Ground: American Social Policy, 1950–1980" (1984) talks about the American welfare system. In the book "The Bell Curve" (1994), he and co-author Richard Herrnstein say that in 20th century American society, intelligence is more likely to predict the outcome of an issues than parental socioeconomic status or education level. These issues include income, job performance, pregnancy out of wedlock, and crime. They say that that social welfare programs and education efforts to improve social outcomes for the disadvantaged are not useful. "The Bell Curve" also claims that average intelligence quotient (IQ) differences between racial and ethnic groups are partly genetic in origin. This view is now considered to be not true by mainstream science.

 

Yuval Levin

Yuval Levin is an Israeli American journalist and conservative political commentator who is the editor of National Affairs.

Yuval Levin was born in Haifa in 1977. In 1985, he and his family moved to the United States of America. He studied political science at American University and got his Phd at the University of Chicago. 


A Matter of Loaf and Death

A Matter of Loaf and Death is a 2008 British stop-motion short movie. It is a "Wallace & Gromit" movie. The movie is a murder mystery. It was nominated for an Academy Award. It did not win the award. 

Twelve bakers, including Bob, are murdered by a serial killer named Piella Bakewell. Wallace and Gromit save Piella and her poodle, Fluffles, when the brakes on their bicycle fail, and they fall. Gromit finds out there is no problem with their brakes, but he and Wallace are smitten. They and Piella perform a whirldwind romance. But Gromit is angered when Piella redecorates the house. After Piella tricks Wallace into her thinking after she bit her own arm, Gromit is muzzled and chained up. He watches helplessly as Piella tries to push Wallace to his demise, but he is saved by Gromit, accidentally causing Piella to be struck by a bag of flour. After she makes an angry outburst that she hates bakers, Piella drops by the next day to apologize with a cake. 

Gromit and Fluffles arrive to the house as Wallace lights the candle. After Gromit and Wallace's struggle, the cake falls, revealing to be the bomb. They are attacked by Piella, who reveals that she detests bakers. In the chaos, the bomb ends in Wallace's pants; Gromit and Fluffles fill the pants with dough while Piella jumps onto a hot air balloon and escapes. However, her weight drags the balloon to a zoo and she ends up being eaten by a crocodile. 

Olav V of Norway

Olav V (; born Prince Alexander of Denmark; 2 July 1903 – 17 January 1991) was King of Norway from 1957 until his death in 1991.

Olav was the only child of King Haakon VII of Norway and Maud of Wales. He became heir apparent to the Norwegian throne when his father was elected King of Norway in 1905.

Buzuluk, Orenburg Oblast

Buzuluk () is a town in Orenburg Oblast, Russia. It is on the , Buzuluk, and Domashka Rivers. It is northwest of Orenburg and southeast of Samara. Population: 

It was founded in 1736 as the fortress of Buzulukskaya () by a Polish Nobleman. It was founded on the near the mouth of the Buzuluk River along Russia's southern frontier. It was later moved to its current place near the source of the Domashka River. It was granted town status in 1781.

In 1877, a railway line connecting Samara with Orenburg helped the town develop. Buzuluk was a main stop along the line. Around this time was when the town's first power station was built, as well as its first schools and libraries. It became an important rail stop for the transportation of wheat. The population almost doubled between the end of the nineteenth century and 1926.

Buzuluk was the base of the This battalion was a unit that fought with the Red Army during World War II when Czechoslovakia was occupied by the Germans.

The town's economy is now based on the extraction and refining of oil.


Buzuluk (inhabited locality)

Buzuluk () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.





Buzuluk

Buzuluk may refer to:


Eduardo Riedel

Eduardo Corrêa Riedel (born 5 July 1969) is a Brazilian politician and current Governor of Mato Grosso do Sul since January 1, 2023. Riedel was also the 27th Secretary of State for Infrastructure of Mato Grosso do Sul from February to April 2022 during Reinaldo Azambuja's government. He is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party and is from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He also served as the 20th Secretary of State for Government and Strategic Management of Mato Grosso do Sul from 2015 to 2022 under Reinaldo Azambuja.

In 2022, he ran in state elections in Mato Grosso do Sul for governor with Barbosinha for vice governor. On October 2, 2022, he had 361,981 votes (25.16%) and went to the second round with candidate Renan Contar.

In 1994 he married Mônica Morais with whom he has two children: Marcela and Rafael.

A Pain That I'm Used To

"A Pain That I'm Used To" is a 2005 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the opening track from their 11th studio album "Playing the Angel". It was at the top of the charts in Hungary, Poland and Spain. It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch: Picture disc / Bong36 (EU)

12-inch: Mute / 12Bong36 (EU)

12-inch: Mute / L12Bong36 (EU)

CD: Mute / CDBong36 (EU)

CD: Mute / LCDBong36 (EU)

DVD: Mute / DVDBong36 (EU)

Digital downloads

Misþyrming

Misþyrming are a black metal band from Reykjavík, Iceland. The band was made in June 2013. They released their first album, "Söngvar elds og óreiðu", in February 2015. Many people liked this album. They released a second album, "Algleymi", in 2019. The band has played at live concerts in Europe and the United States. In 2016, they were named an 'artist in residence' at the famous Roadburn Festival.



Rage Against the Machine (album)

Rage Against the Machine is the first album made by American metal band Rage Against the Machine. It was released on November 3, 1992 by Epic Records. The band made a demo tape with the same name before making the album. The tape has 7 of the 12 songs on the album. The album has many political lyrics in its songs.

The album's art is known for having a picture of Thích Quảng Đức, a Buddhist monk, burning himself to death. The album was released on the same day as the 1992 United States presidential election.

"Rage Against the Machine" was a very successful album. Many critics liked its political lyrics, as well as Zack de la Rocha's singing. Many people think it is one of the best albums of the 1990s.

"Anger Is a Gift" bonus disc – released with the 1995 Australian CD re-release

Bonus Maxi 12" from the "Limited Tour Edition" red vinyl 1993 European re-release included this second LP labeled sides C and D"


All songs from both bonuses are the versions from previously released singles and promos, except C1 which is from a different performance. No information is given on the 12" about the date nor venue.

Betsy Braddock

Elizabeth "Betsy" Braddock is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "Captain Britain" and "X-Men" comics.

She is one of the children of Sir James Braddock, a champion of the Otherworld, another dimension who was sent to Earth by Merlyn to father a child to become Captain Britain. As her twin brother, Brian, became the superhero Captain Britain, Betsy developed telepathic powers when she reached her teenage years while in New York. She eventually joined the ranks of the X-Men under the nickname "Psylocke" after being rescued from Mojo and Spiral. She was his ally during several adventures and even replaced him as Captain Britain for a time, and is currently doing so after Brain become "Captain Avalon".

She was created by Chris Claremont and the late Herb Trimpe, and first appeared in "Captain Britain" Vol. #8 in December of 1976.

In the "X-Men" movies, she was portrayed by Olivia Munn in "". In the "X-Men" animated series, she was voiced by Tasha Simms. In "Wolverine and the X-Men", she was voiced by Grey DeLisle, who voices Daphne Blake in the "Scooby-Doo" series, and also voiced Mandy in "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy", Sam Manson in "Danny Phantom", and Catwoman in the "Arkhamverse" and "Injustice" series.

Doctor Strange

Doctor Stephen Vincent Strange, better known as Doctor Strange is one of the many heroes of Marvel Comics and the feature hero of his own series "Dr. Strange" as well as a regular part of "The Defenders".

Unlike most heroes Doctor Strange deals with universe threatening events rather than petty crimes or even world threats. He is titled the Sorcerer Supreme, a title which comes with the duty of protecting the universe against invading forces of evil from other realms.

Dr. Strange has appeared in many animated films, cartoons, video games, and films since his comic debut. The character was first portrayed in live-action by Peter Hooten in the 1978 television film "Dr. Strange". Benedict Cumberbatch portrays Doctor Strange in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

He was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Steve Ditko, and first appeared in "Strange Tales #110" in July of 1963.

Breaking the Law

"Breaking the Law" is a 1980 song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest and taken from their sixth studio album "British Steel". It is one of Judas Priest's better known songs with the guitar opening riff.

Pinocchio 3000

Pinocchio 3000 is an animated movie that was produced by CinéGroupe, AnimaKids Productions and Filmax Animation. It premiered on 9 July 2004 in Spain. Based on the story "Pinocchio: Tale of a Puppet" by Carlo Collodi.

The movie has the voices of Sonja Ball (Pinocchio), Howard Ryshpan (Geppetto), Howie Mandel (Spencer), Whoopi Goldberg (Cyberina), Helena Evangeliou (Marlene), Malcolm McDowell (Mayor Scamboli), Matt Holland (Cab), Jack Daniel Wells (Rodo), Bobby Edner (Zack), Gabrielle Elfassy (Cynthia), Terrence Scammell (Scambocop), Ellen David (House).


Pretty Baby (Vanessa Carlton song)

"Pretty Baby" is a 2002 song by singer-songwriter Vanessa Carlton and is the third single from her debut studio album "Be Not Nobody". It did not experience chart success in the United States or aboard.

European CD single

European enhanced CD single

UK CD single

Travis Kelce

Travis Michael Kelce (; born October 5, 1989) is an American professional football player for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League. He is a tight end. He played college football for the University of Cincinnati. Widely considered one of the best tight ends in NFL history, Kelce has the most 100-yard receiving games as a tight end. Kelce is a three-time Super Bowl champion, all as a player for the Chiefs in 2020, 2023, and 2024.

He was born in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, the younger son of Donna and Ed Kelce.

His older brother, Jason, is a starting offensive lineman for the Philadelphia Eagles. The brothers host a podcast, "New Heights".

In 2023, he began dating American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.

Rosy-faced lovebird

The rosy-faced lovebird ("Agapornis roseicollis") is a genus of parrot. It is native to dry parts of Africa. It is often found in Angola and the Namib Desert. It is also known as the rosy-collared or peach-faced lovebird. The birds are very social animals. They are often found in small groups. They are often kept as pets. These lovebirds come in many different colors. Their plumage (feathers) is the same in both the male and females. 

Lovebirds are well known for the way they sleep. They sleep side-to-side and turn their face in towards each other. Females tear raw materials into long strips, "twisty-tie" them into their backs, and fly back to make a nest.

The birds were first described by the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in 1818. It was named "Psittacus roseicollis" at first. It was later moved to the genus "Agapornis" with the other lovebirds.

Palouse

The Palouse is a geographic region of the northwestern United States, going through parts of Idaho, southeastern Washington, and, by some definitions, parts of northeast Oregon.

Red Hulk

Red Hulk is an alias that is used by different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. While the first two were created from members of the United States army, the third one is a form of Hulk's Joe Fixit personality. The most well-known versions of the character are General Thaddeus E. <nowiki>"Thunderbolt"</nowiki> Ross, Four-star General Robert Maverick, and Red King.

He was portrayed by Sam Elliott in the 2003 film "Hulk", by William Hurt in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) films "The Incredible Hulk" (2008), "" (2016), "" (2018), "" (2019), and "Black Widow" (2021), and by Harrison Ford in "" (2024) and "Thunderbolts" (2024).

The Noel Diary

The Noel Diary is an American Romantic comedy movie, based on the book "The Noel Diary" by Richard Paul Evans. The movie directed by Charles Shyer, produced by Margret H. Huddleston, produced by Stephanie Slack, written by Richard Paul Evans, Charles Shyer, Rebecca Connor and David Golden and it starring Justin Hartley, Bonnie Bedelia, Treat Williams and James Remar played the lead roles.

Jacob Churcher hasn't been domestic for nearly twenty a long time not since his rationally sick mother kicked him out of the house when he was fair sixteen. When a legal counselor calls, days some time recently Christmas, to illuminate him that his offended mother has passed absent and cleared out her house to him, Jacob returns not fair to settle the bequest but to undertake and accommodate with the past and the torment and mishandle he experienced as a child. Too, perhaps cleaning out her house will be somewhat less discouraging than investing the occasions alone, observing re-runs of Christmas classics. But because it turns out, the house holds more than fair troublesome recollections, Jacob's mother had gotten to be a hoarder and he must unearth through two decades worth of clutter.

(Full cast on IMDb )

José Rizal Coliseum

José Rizal Coliseum also referred to as the Calamba Coliseum is a 10,000-capacity indoor arena . It is used as a sports venue and convention center in Calamba City, Laguna, Philippines and the south of Metro Manila. The arena is named after the Philippine national hero, Jose Rizal who was born in Calamba, Laguna on June 19, 1861. 

Construction of the coliseum began in April of 2017.

The arena is near the Calamba City Hall. It faces the Rizal Monument. The design of the building was based on a jar claypot, a symbol of the city. 

Rizal Monument (Calamba)

The Rizal Monument in Calamba is a monument built to commemorate the national hero of the Philippines, Jose Rizal was born in the city of Calamba, It is a 6.7 metres (22 ft) statue sculpted by Jonas Roces and is located at The Plaza, a 6.7-hectare (17-acre).

The monument is located vicinity in the front of José Rizal Coliseum and the Calamba City Hall. Both landmarks where located in "The Plaza of Calamba".

Blend word

Blend words are two words combined to make a new word. They are formed from two or more other words. At least one word, or part is a morpheme. 

Psylocke

Psylocke is the name of two fictional mutant characters and superheroes from the Marvel Comics universe, commonly in association with the mutant superhero team, the X-Men. The two character who have assumed the role of Psylocke are Betsy Braddock and Kwannon.

People Are People

"People Are People" is a 1984 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Some Great Reward". It was the band's first top 20 song in the United States where it peaked at #13. It went to number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in Belgium, number 4 in Switzerland and the United Kingdom and number 6 in Austria.





"In Your Memory" is falsely labeled as the "Slik Mix Edit"



October 2022 Conservative Party leadership election

The Conservative Party leadership election in October 2022 determined Liz Truss's successor as Leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom following her resignation on October 20, 2022.

By the end of October 24, the two favorites were Penny Mordaunt and Rishi Sunak. After Mordaunt dropped out of the election, Sunak became the leader on the same day, at 2pm.

Eleven candidates put forward for the July 2022 party leadership election. Eight people were fully nominated by Conservative MPs: Kemi Badenoch, Suella Braverman, Jeremy Hunt, Penny Mordaunt, Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat and Nadhim Zahawi. After five rounds of voting, MPs chose Sunak and Truss to nominate party members to vote. Truss was elected by members on September 5 with 57.4 percent of the vote.

Truss appointed Kwasi Kwarteng as Chancellor of the Exchequer. In September 2022, he announced a small budget with tax cuts and spending increases. What followed was a sharp fall in the value of the pound. This drew widespread criticism. Truss and Kwarteng defended the budget for more than a week before they started announcing the repeal of the most controversial measures:

The removal of the 45% income tax rate for the top earners; and the removal of the planned corporate income tax freeze.

On October 14, 2022, Truss replaced Kwarteng with Jeremy Hunt.

On October 19, Suella Braverman resigned as Home Secretary.

There were allegations of manhandling, bullying, physical intimidation at a vote on Labour's motion to ban fracking that night. On October 20, 2022, Liz Truss met with the Chairman of the 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady and Chairman of the Conservative Party Sir Jake Berry before announcing her resignation.

On October 20 Truss wrote in her resignation letter that the election would be completed "within the next week." Sir Graham Brady instituted a fast procedure.

Deadline for nominations was 2:00pm, October 24, 2022. Candidates needed support from at least 100 members of Congress by the deadline.

The following Conservative MP declared her intention to stand for leadership but subsequently withdrew from the race:
The following Conservative MP explored a possible candidacy but declined to stand.
Commentators suggested the following Conservative Party politicians as candidates, who declined to stand:


Penny Mordaunt dropped out of the election because she was unable to get the support of 100 MPs by the deadline of the election. This allowed Rishi Sunak to win the election unopposed, and became the Leader of the Conservative Party.

Inez Meter

Inez Meter (19 October 1925 – 10 October 2022) was a Dutch poet from Gouda.

Meter was born in 1925 in , a monumental canal house in Gouda. Meter would live her entire life in Gouda. After her education at the ULO, she became a kindergarten teacher, first in Gouda and later in Rotterdam and Gouderak. Meter became the first city poet of Gouda in 2003. Poems of her can be read in many places in the city center including in the form of art objects. She became known in Gouda for her poems after winning the encouragement prize for literature from the municipality of Gouda in 1975. In 2015, Meter was made an honorary citizen of Gouda.

Meter married to . Meter died in Gouda on 10 October 2022, aged 96.

Angels of the Silences

"Angels of the Silences" is a 1996 song by the Counting Crows and is the leading single from their second studio album "Recovering the Satellites". It went to number 8 in Canada, number 41 in the United Kingdom and number 77 in Australia.

Francisco Capel

Francisco Capel (24 December 1933 – 19 October 2022) was a Spanish basketball player. He played with Real Madrid Baloncesto and the Spain men's national basketball team.

He played 26 times for the Spain men's national basketball team. He won with the national team the gold medal at the 1955 Mediterranean Games, the silver medal at the 1959 Mediterranean Games and competed at the EuroBasket 1959. 

In 1960 he became with Real Madrid Baloncesto Liga Española de Baloncesto (1957–1983) champion and Copa del Rey de Baloncesto champion.

Capel died on 19 October 2022. After his death, Real Madrid held a minute of silence before the start of the match against Olympiacos in tribute to Capel.

René Ostertag

René Ostertag (4 May 1926 – 17 October 2022) was a French cyclist.

Ostertag was active from the 1940s to the 1960s. He had about 350 victories. In 2020, he published a book about his cycling career.

Ostertag died on 17 October 2022, aged 96.

Perfect (The Smashing Pumpkins song)

"Perfect" is a 1998 song by American band the Smashing Pumpkins and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Adore". It went to number 11 in Canada, number 17 in Iceland, number 18 in New Zealand, number 24 in the United Kingdom and number 54 in the United States.

All songs were written by Billy Corgan, except "Summer", written by James Iha. Drums provided by Joey Waronker.

Dominic Scriven

Dominic Scriven is the founder and current chairman of Dragon Capital, the largest private investor in Vietnam.

Scriven graduated from the University of Exeter in England. During 1990s he visited Vietnam and decided to do business there. He spent two years at Hanoi General University learning Vietnamese. In 1994 he co-established Dragon Capital.

Doug Barrowman

Douglas Alan Barrowman (born March 1965) is a businessman from Scotland, United Kingdom. He founded the Knox Group of Companies and also he has invested in such companies as Ve Interactive, Aston Ventures, and Equi Capital. He is married to businesswoman Baroness Michelle Mone.

Ian Wace

Ian Gerald Patrick Wace (born January 1963) is a British financier, co-founder or Marshall Wace Asset Management, a London-situated hedge fund in 1997. He together with Paul Marshall, co-founded a children's charity named Absolute Return for Kids in 2001.

Ian Gerald Patrick Wace was born in January 1963. His brother Charles Wace is a director at big television company Twofour Group. He does not have a college degree".

Ian Wace worked for 11 years at S. G. Warburg & Co. There he became the youngest director in the company history - 25 year. In 1995, Wace started working at Deutsche Morgan Grenfell.

1922 Berlin international women's swimming and water polo competitions

The 1922 Berlin international women's swimming and water polo competitions where international competitions in the sports of swimming and water polo that were held in Berlin on 9 March 1922. Athletes from the Netherlands, Austria and Germany competed against each other.

The water polo competition was an "halbspiel" water polo competition, a variant with five players in stead of seven players.
There were three water polo teams. A Dutch team of the Amsterdamsche Dames Zwemclub (A.D.Z.) from Amsterdam. An Austrian team of the "Dames Schwimmverein Charlottenburg" and German team of the "Berliner Damen Schwimmverein Aphrodite" from Berlin.

The team of the Amsterdamsche Dames Zwemclub consisted of: L. de Kamps, Alida Bolten, Antonia Happel-Verduijn, B. Duijkers and F. Hartog.

Aphrodite won from Charlottenburg. Afterwards the Dutch A.D.Z. beated Aphrodite with 5-3, and won the competition.

Multiple swimming competitions were held including an international 60 metres freestyle and an international relay race. 

In the 60 metres freestyle, swimmers from Germany, the Netherlands and Austria participated. In the final the Dutch Alida Bolten finished in third place, while newspaper newspaper Het Volk mentioned that she won the race.


Vitalij Aab

Vitalij Aab (born November 14, 1979 in Qaraghandy, Kazakh SSR) is a German ice hockey player of Kazakh origin. Since the beginning of the 2017 season he has been playing for the Höchstadter EC in the Bayernliga and ice hockey Oberliga.

Brynjar Aa

Brynjar Aa (born 21 July 1960) is a Norwegian writer and playwright.


Odd Aalen

Odd Olai Aalen (born 6 May 1947 in Oslo) is a Norwegian statistician. He is internationally known for his research on progression and survival analysis.
Aalen grew up in Oslo and graduated from Oslo Cathedral School in 1966. He studied physics and mathematics at the University of Oslo until 1972. He then began graduate studies at the University of California at Berkeley, USA. 
After his doctorate, he worked as a researcher at the University of Copenhagen and the University of Tromsø, before becoming a medical statistician at the University of Oslo in 1982. He became a professor from 1985 and now has a position at the Department of Biostatistics.

I Wanna Be with You (Mandy Moore song)

"I Wanna Be with You" is a 2000 song by Mandy Moore and taken from her album of the same name and from the 2000 movie "Center Stage". It went to number 13 in Australia, number 21 in the United Kingdom and number 24 in Canada and the United States.

Australian maxi-CD single

European CD1

European CD2

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single

Antonia Happel-Verduijn

Antonia Happel-Verduijn also written as Antonia Happel-Verduyn (1883 or 1884 – 23 June 1940) was a Dutch water polo player and sport administrator.

Happel-Verduyn was a member of the Amsterdamsche Dames Zwemclub (A.D.Z.) from Amsterdam. As a water polo player Happel-Verduyn competed with the club internationally at the 1922 Berlin international women's swimming and water polo competitions. They won the competition after beating "Aphrodite", the water polo club from Berlin, with 5-3.

Next as a water polo player, Happel-Verduyn was secretary of the Amsterdamsche Dames Zwemclub (A.D.Z.) for many years. She also accompanied swimmers of the club who competed internationally. After a disagreement with the club, she founded in 1929 the club "Inter Nos" and became the president of the club. She has done a lot for the swimming sport, especially for female youth swimmers. Happel-Verduyn was also for 10 years board member of the Amsterdam rescue brigade. She gave valuable advice on rescue swimming for women.

Verduyn was married. She had a daughter in May 1911 and a son in 1914. Happel-Verduyn died in Amsterdam on 23 June 1940, aged 56.


Leodegrance

King Leodegrance is one of the known Dragon Slayers in the Knights of the Round Table. He has slain the whole race of the dragons from 1200-1300 B.C. just before the Era of the New Age of Dragon Revolution in mid 600-1200 B.C. It was estimated that he killed around 60,000-100,000 dragons during his time. Most notably known for killing the Dragon King (Jemuelito Bahag).

Richard Paul Evans

Richard Paul Evans is an American author, well known for writing "The Christmas Box" and, "Michael Vey series".


Michael Vey: The Parasite (2022)



Stanley Johnson (writer)

Stanley Patrick Johnson (born 18 August 1940) is an English-French author. He is also a former Conservative Party politician.

He served as the Member of the European Parliament for White and East Hampshire from 1979 to 1984. He was also a former World Bank employee and European Commission. He wrote several books on environmental and population issues. 
His six children include former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Boris Johnson, former Member of Parliament and minister Joe Johnson and journalist Rachel Johnson.

1921 Vienna international swimming competitions

The 1921 Vienna international swimming competitions took place from 24 to 25 September 1921 at the in Vienna, Austria. Both men as women swimming competitions were held.

The competitions was attended by about 4000 spectators per day.

The competitions were held at the , a covered swimming pool in Vienna. The pool was 33.33 metres long and had a width of 17 metres. With the width it was possible that about nine swimmers could start at the same time. The venue had room for 5000 spectators, around the pool and at the first level gallery.

At the invitation of the "Amateur Sportverein" the Dutch Rie Beisenherz was asked to compete in the 50 metre breaststroke. She accepted the invitation, but unfortunately she was the only competitor. However, she swam a time of 37.4 seconds, a time she had never swam before in the Netherlands. The diving was much appreciated and received positive feedback in a newspaper report. On the second day the Austrian national champion Poldi Rantasa won the 100 metre medley event in a good time of 1:35.8. The main event of the day was the 100 m breaststroke event. However, of the eleven women who entered for the 100 m breaststroke, only four started. In this event the Dutch Beisenherz beat the Austrian champion Grete Adler. While Adler came back in the second lane, Beisenherz was in the rest of the race able to expand her lead. The Austrian national 100 metre backstroke championships was won by G. Buchbinder, who won in a fierce battle from Poldi Rantasa and Tuchs who finished both second in the same time.

On the second day of the competition an international mixed relay was held between two teams. One team consisted of seven German mem and the Dutch women Rie Beisenherz. The other team consisted of seven Austrian men and one Austrian woman. The German-Dutch team was ahead almost the whole time, but lost due to bad swimming of one of the swimmers.

Charles Shyer

Charles Richard Shyer (born October 11, 1951) is an American movie director, screenwriter and producer. His movies are mostly comedies, often with a romantic-comedy overtone.

Shyer was born in Los Angeles. He was the son of Lois (née Jones) Delaney and Melville Shyer, a production executive and film director. Shyer grew up in the movie industry where his father worked with D.W. Griffith and was one of the founders of the Directors Guild of America. After attending UCLA, he was accepted into the DGA's apprenticeship program, which led to work as an assistant director. However, Shyer's focus was soon changed to writing. He went to work as an assistant to Garry Marshall and Jerry Belson, producers of the TV series "The Odd Couple". He eventually worked his way up to head writer and associate producer on the popular series in the early seventies. He is of Jewish descent.

AIDS treatment

AIDS treatment is not a cure, but it stops the Aids virus from multiplying. The official name for the AIDS virus is the human immunodeficiency virus or viruses (HIV). The drugs keep sufferers alive, and also prevent them from passing in the infection to other people.

There is at present no actual cure for AIDS. What is changed is the development of anti-viral drugs. Patients have to take the drug capsules for the rest of their lives. It is thought that some 700,000 lives were saved in 2010 alone by the antiviral drug.

The Lancet says "Rather than dealing with acute and potentially life-threatening complications, clinicians are now confronted with managing a chronic disease that in the absence of a cure will persist for many decades". They are saying something like:
"AIDS will be with us a long time because this saves lives, but it's not a cure". However, it is a first step towards a cure.

Joseph Plumb Martin

Joseph Plumb Martin (also spelled as Joseph Plum Martin; November 21, 1760 – May 2, 1850) was a soldier in the Connecticut Militia and Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.

Speea humilis

Speea is a genus of plants in the family Amaryllidaceae. It is closely related to Miersia.
Recently has been merged on the latter, 
"Miersia humilis" (Phil.)M F Fay et Christenh.(syn. Speea humilis Loes. ex Krause)
Reiche K. 1893 Beiträge zur Kenntnis der Liliaceae-Gillesieae Bot. Jahrb.Syst.Pflanzengesch.Pflanzengeogr.16:262

Torres-Mellado et al.. 2012 Mycotrophy in Gilliesieae, a threatened and poorly known tribe of Alliaceae from central Chile. Rev. chil. hist. nat. [online], vol.85, n.2 [citado 2022-10-21], pp.179-186. Disponible en: <http://www.scielo.cl/scielo.php?script=sci_arttext&pid=S0716-078X2012000200004&lng=es&nrm=iso>. ISSN 0716-078X. http://dx.doi.org/10.4067/S0716-078X2012000200004.

Akshata Murty

Akshatā Nārāyan Mūrty (born April 1980) is a Indian-Britain heiress, businesswoman, fashion designer and venture capitalist who is the current Spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom since 2022, as the wife of Prime Minister Rishi Sunak.

Murty is also the daughter of N. R. Narayana Murthy, a founder of the Indian multi-national IT company Infosys, and Sudha Murty.

Rachel Reeves

Rachel Jane Reeves (born 13 February 1979) is a British politician and economist. She is currently Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer from 2021.

She is a member of the Labour Party. She has been the Member of Parliament for Leeds West since 2010.

Born in Lewisham, London, Reeves studied at Oxford New College and the London School of Economics before working as an economist at the Bank of England, the British Embassy in Washington and HBOS.

She was elected in the 2010 general election. Then she served in Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2011 to 2013. She also worked as Shadow Secretary for Work and Pensions from 2013 to 2015. Reeves did not return to the shadow cabinet following Jeremy Corbyn's election as Leader of the Labour Party in 2015. Instead she served as chair of the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee from 2017 to 2020. 
After Keir Starmer was elected Leader of the Labour Party in 2020, he appointed Reeves as Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. She replaced Anneliese Dodds as shadow chancellor in May 2021.

Lynch's Colombia tree frog

Lynch's Colombian tree frog ("Hyloscirtus lynchi") is a frog. It lives on the west side of the Cordillera Oriental in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 2540 and 2700 meters above sea level.

József Váradi

József Janos Váradi is a Hungarian businessman. He is the Co-Founder and CEO of Wizz Air, a Budapest-based low cost carrier.

Varadi was born in the Hungarian city of Debrecen in 1965. He attended the Budapest University of Economic Sciences, after which he joined Procter and Gamble as a sales representative.

He then joined Malev Hungarian Airlines in 1999, where he served as CEO till 2003. Later that year he founded Wizz Air, which operated its maiden flight the following year.

Richard of Chichester

Richard of Chichester, also known as Saint Richard, was a Bishop from Wales. He died in 1253 and was declared a saint by the Church in 1262.

Richard was born in Chichester, Wales in the year 1197. When his parents died his older brother inherited the land. But he wasn’t old enough to be allowed to run it and by the time he was old enough he couldn’t afford the inheritance tax. So Richard ended up working for him on his farm. Richard had an arranged marriage to a woman that he didn’t want to marry. So he left the estate to study at the University of Oxford. In 1235, Richard became the chancellor of Oxford.

In 1237, Richard’s tutor Edmund of Abingdon became the Archbishop of Canterbury. He appointed Richard as priest of Canterbury. Edmund wanted the Pope to have more power than the king so King Henry III of England exiled him to France. Richard went to France to join him. 

In 1240, Edmund died. In 1242, Richard came back to England after studying theology with the Dominican Order. In 1244, Richard was elected Bishop of Chichester but King Henry III refused to accept that he was so Pope Innocent IV appointed Richard Bishop of Lyons in 1245. When Richard came back to Chichester in 1247, King Henry made it against the law for anyone to give Richard any food or let him into any house. Richard was known for wanting a crusade. 

Richard died in 1253 in Dover. 

Koppa (Cyrillic)

Koppa (also spelled Qoppa) is a letter that was used in the Cyrillic alphabet. It comes from the Greek letter Koppa. Around 1300 Che (Cyrillic) replaced it.

Slomo Koves

Slomo Koves (born 1979) is a Hungarian Orthodox Rabbi who is currently the chief the Hungarian Jewish movement EMIH. He is also the chief rabbi of the Hungarian armed forces.

Edmund of Abingdon

Edmund of Abingdon was an English priest. He was appointed Archbishop of Canterbury by Pope Gregory IX. He was known for supporting the Sixth Crusade. He did not get along well with Henry III of England because Edmund strongly supported the Magna Carta. He died in France in 1240. And the Catholic Church declared him a saint in 1246.

Tver Oblast

Tver Oblast (, "Tverskaya oblast", ), from 1935 to 1990 known as Kalinin Oblast (), is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Tver. In 2010, 1,353,392 people lived in the oblast.

Rincón de la Victoria

Rincón de la Victoria is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.


Anderson, California

Anderson is a city in Shasta County, California, United States. It is about south of Redding. 11,323 people lived here at the 2020 census.


Gay, Orenburg Oblast

Gay () is a town in Orenburg Oblast, Russia. It is east of Orenburg, the administrative center (capital city) of the oblast. In 2010, 38,301 people lived there.

It was founded in 1958 as an industrial settlement. It was turned into an urban-type settlement in 1965. It was given town status in 1979.

Aranjuez

Aranjuez is a city and municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain.

The Cultural Landscape of Aranjuez was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2001.

Kranj

Kranj () is the third-largest city in Slovenia. In 2020, 37,941 people lived there. It is about northwest of Ljubljana. The city is the seat of the City Municipality of Kranj and of the traditional region of Upper Carniola. It is an important industrial city with electronics and rubber industries.

Kranj is twinned with:

2022 Conservative Party leadership election (UK)

2022 Conservative Party leadership election (UK) may refer to:


Justin Hartley

Justin Scott Hartley is an American actor. He is known for his television roles that include "Fox Crane" on the NBC.

Anneke Staring

Anneke Staring (born 1942 or 1943 — October 2022) was a Dutch field hockey player who played as a defender. She played with HC Bloemendaal and was a member of the Netherlands women's national field hockey team. As captain of the Dutch team she became world champion at the inaugural unofficial 1971 Women's Hockey World Cup.

Staring made 42 appearances for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team from 1966 to 1972. She made her debut on 7 May 1966 in a match against Germany. They won the match with 0-1.

The team played ahead of the 1971 Women's Hockey World Cup a number of preparation matches. During this preparation matches the Dutch team beated for the first time England. Staring was the captain of the team at the first unofficial 1971 Women's World Cup in Auckland, New Zealand. In the preliminary round they won from Ireland and Fiji and played 2-2 against the United States. In the final round they played two matches and The Netherlands finished second behind the Indian team in the preliminary round and defeated the Germans 1-0 in the semi-finals. The Netherlands team won from Australia (3-0), played 1-1 against England and 0-0 against West-Germany. These results were enough to win the unofficial World Cup. As captain of the team, Staring was awarded the cup.

She played her last international match against Argentina 1972.

After her playing career Staring was from 1972 to 1977 commissioner of the Board of the field hockey district North Holland. In 1976 and 1977 she was also a member (commissioner) of the Board of Directors of the national hockey federation (KNHB).

In 1974 the KNHB appointed Staring as Member of Merit for all her works for the field hockey sport.

Staring died in October 2022.

2012–13 Austrian Cup

The 2012–13 Austrian Cup was the 79th season of Austria's football cup competition. This year the tournament took place with only 64 participants and reserve teams were not allowed to participate. FC Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champion.

Guido Crosetto

Guido Crosetto (born 19 September, 1963) is an Italian politician and businessman. He co-founded the Brothers of Italy (FdI) party. He is a critic of the European Union. Crosetto was president of FdI from 21 December 2012 to 4 April 2013.

In October 2022, he was appointed by Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni as Minister of Defence.

Rakesh Jhunjhunwala

Rakesh Jhunjhunwala (5 July 1960 – 14 August 2022) was an Indian billionaire business magnate, Chartered Accountant, stock trader, and investor.

Giancarlo Giorgetti

Giancarlo Giorgetti (born 16 December 1966) is an Italian politician and member of the League. In 2022, he became the Minister of Economy and Finance in the Giorgia Meloni government.

Giorgetti was the Minister of Economic Development in the government of Mario Draghi from 2021 to 2022. He was Secretary of the Council of Ministers from June 2018 until September 2019, in the government of Giuseppe Conte.

Gallipoli, Apulia

Gallipoli is a city in southern Italy. Gallipoli is in the Apulia Region. About 20,000 people live there.

Matteo Piantedosi

Matteo Piantedosi (born 20 April 1963) is an Italian politician. In October 2022, he became the Minister of the Interior in the Giorgia Meloni government. Before, he was the Prefect of the Province of Lodi for a few months between August 2011 to January 2012.

Piantedosi was born in 1963 in Naples, Italy.

Carlo Nordio

Carlo Nordio (born 6 February 1947) is an Italian former magistrate and prosecutor who has been the Minister of Justice since 2022. In the 2022 presidential election, he was the candidate of Brothers of Italy for President of Italy. In 2022 he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies.

Anna Maria Bernini

Anna Maria Bernini (born 17 August 1965) is an Italian politician, lawyer and university professor. She has been a member of the Italian Senate since 2013. In 2022, she became the Minister of University and Research in the Giorgia Meloni government.

Torrejón de Ardoz

Torrejón de Ardoz is a city and municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain. In 2021, 132,771 people lived there.

The European Union Satellite Centre (SatCen), an agency of the European Union, is in Torrejón de Ardoz. It is also the home of the headquarters of the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA), the Spanish space agency.

The Torrejón Air Base/Madrid–Torrejón Airport is on the municipality.

Ignazio La Russa

Ignazio Benito Maria La Russa (born 18 July 1947) is an Italian politician who is serving as President of the Senate of the Republic since 13 October 2022. He is the first politician with a neo-fascist background to hold the position of President of the Senate.

Lorenzo Fontana

Lorenzo Fontana (born 10 April 1980) is an Italian politician and member of Lega, who is serving as President of the Chamber of Deputies since 14 October 2022.

San Pietro Vernotico

San Pietro Vernotico is a town and "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia. The economy is based mainly on tourism and the growing of olives and grapes.

Unsere Liebe Frau im Walde-St. Felix

Unsere Liebe Frau im Walde-St. Felix () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


2022 United Kingdom government crisis

2022 United Kingdom government crisis or crises may refer to:


Brixen

Brixen (; or ) is a city in South Tyrol, northern Italy. About 20,000 people live there.

Curon Venosta

Graun im Vinschgau (; ) is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is on the border with Austria and Switzerland.


October 2022 United Kingdom government crisis

In September and October 2022, the government of the United Kingdom, led by the Conservative party and the newly-appointed prime minister Liz Truss, went through an energy, economic and political crisis.

The crisis began after the 23 September 2022 United Kingdom mini-budget, which had many critics and negative responses by the world financial markets. This caused Truss to fire Chancellor of the Exchequer, Kwasi Kwarteng, on 14 October. 

In the next days Truss had many pressures to continue reversing many of her economic policies and by 17 October five Conservative Members of Parliament had called for her resignation. Many world leaders such as U.S. President Joe Biden criticized Truss's economic policies.

Overall, her economic policies caused the pound to fall to a record low against the US dollar and there was an increase in the cost of government borrowing.

On 19 October Suella Braverman, the home secretary, resigned over a technical breach of the Ministerial Code. Braverman's resignation letter was very critical of Truss. Later that day, MPs voted on a Labour Party motion to create time to debate a ban on fracking in the United Kingdom. The vote caused confusion among Conservative MPs who were not clear if it was a confidence vote.

On 17 and 20 October, Truss had meetings with Graham Brady, the chair of the 1922 Committee. The meeting on 17 October caused Truss to miss an emergency Prime Minister's Questions, in which Penny Mordaunt, answered on Truss's behalf. Truss not going to the debate was criticized by many politicians.

On 20 October Truss announced that she would resign, but remain in office until the Conservative Party had chosen her replacement. She is the shortest serving Prime Minister in history. The leadership election was held shortly after with Rishi Sunak elected to replace her on 24 October 2022.

On 11 October, "The Economist" published an article criticising Truss and said that she had seven days in control of the economy. They wrote: "That is roughly the shelf-life of a lettuce." Since then, many commentators were comparing Truss's time as prime minister to lettuce. On 14 October, the "Daily Star" began a live stream on YouTube of a lettuce dressed as Truss to see if it would rot before the Prime Minister resigned, which it did not.

Walton High School, Stafford

Walton High School is a mixed secondary school and sixth form. It is located in the southern part of Stafford, England. There are about 1316 students on roll. The headteacher is David Foskett. He took over the role from Neil Finlay.

Laas, South Tyrol

Laas () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Frank Underwood (House of Cards)

Francis “Frank” Underwood also known as Frank Underwood is a fictional character from the Netflix television series "House of Cards" and was based on Francis Urquhart who was the protagonist of a British show which was also named "House of Cards". Frank Underwood was played by Kevin Spacey.

After Congressman Frank Underwood gets his friend Garett Walker elected President of the United States, Walker breaks his promise to make Frank Underwood Secretary of State, so Frank gets angry and tells his wife Claire Underwood that he will get revenge. So Frank blackmails a Congressman from Pennsylvania named Peter Russo into working for him and Frank makes an alliance with a reporter named Zoe and has an affair with her that way he can use both Peter and Russo to make sure that everyone knows all of the secrets of the people that Frank wants gone. Frank then convinces Peter to run for Governor of Pennsylvania, kills Peter and makes Peter’s death look like a suicide so that Frank can convince the Vice President to run for Governor of Pennsylvania so that if he wins then President Walker can make Frank Underwood the new Vice President of the United States. Zoe, Zoe’s friend Janine and Zoe’s boyfriend Lucas start to suspect Frank of murder. 

Frank Underwood kills Zoe after she asks him if he killed Peter Russo and makes it look like an accident. When Lucas tries to prove that this happened, Frank and his assistant Stamper frame Lucas for Internet terrorism. Frank frames President Walker for money laundering to get him impeached and Frank takes over as President of the United States. 

President Frank Underwood appoints his wife Claire Underwood United States Ambassador to the United Nations but fires her after she publicly criticizes the homophobic laws in Russia. Frank says that he will run for President of the United States in 2016 and will destroy unemployment with a law called AmWorks. Claire tells Frank she wants to divorce him.

Frank is trying to convince the Democratic Party of the United States to let him run for President but then his wife Claire Underwood sends the Internet a black and white photograph of Frank’s father Calvin taking a loan from the Ku Klux Klan and a picture of Frank going to an American Civil War re-enactment with someone dressed as a Confederate soldier. Claire tells Frank she’ll stop if he makes her Vice President, Frank says no. Then Lucas shoots Frank and is killed by the Secret Service but Frank survives and apologizes to Claire. Frank tries to use the NSA to rig the election but when an actual terrorist group shows up he can’t do that anymore so instead he decides to tell the American people to be scared because “I can sell fear”. 

After the election ends in a tie between Frank and a Republican Governor named Will Conway, Frank and Claire decide to have Kentucky be the tie-breaking vote so Frank shows a recording of Conway having a nervous breakdown and another recording of Conway’s running mate saying he wanted to kill Frank. Ex-President Garett Walker says he knew about the money laundering when he was President and that it was actually Frank’s idea. Congress starts trying to impeach Frank while a journalist named Tom Hammerschidt suspects that Frank killed Zoe so Frank frames his assistant Douglas Stamper. Frank also confesses to the money laundering and quits being president so that his Vice President Claire Underwood can give him a pardon but then she doesn’t. 

Frank Underwood doesn’t appear in the sixth season because Kevin Spacey was fired. The show says that Frank died but doesn’t say how until the last episode. Frank had wanted to kill Claire Underwood for not pardoning him so Frank’s assistant Stamper killed Frank because he didn’t want murder to be what people remembered about Frank. 

Gay (disambiguation)

Gay is a term that now mainly means a homosexual person or the trait of being homosexual. The term was first used to mean "carefree", "cheerful", or "bright and showy".

Gay may also refer to:








Gay, Russia

Gay () is the name of a few settlements in Russia.



Bruneck

Bruneck (; or "Burnech") is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.

Bruneck is twinned with:


Claire Underwood

Claire Underwood is a fictional character from the Netflix television series "House of Cards". She is the wife of the protagonist Frank Underwood. 

She is played by Robin Wright. In the first two seasons she is Frank’s sidekick but she does more later on in the show. In the third season she makes trouble for Frank when she criticizes the homophobic laws in Russia. In Season 4, she gets Frank to agree to make her Vice President. In Season 5, she takes over as President of the United States but refuses to pardon Frank. In Season 6, Claire is the protagonist. In it, Frank’s assistant Stamper tries to kill her for betraying Frank but Claire kills Stamper.

Francis Urquhart

Francis Urquhart is a fictional character created as the protagonist of a book called House of Cards. In the television show the BBC had based on it, Urquhart was played by Ian Richardson. In the American version of "House of Cards", Frank Underwood is based on Urqahart.

Amir Tataloo

Amir Tataloo (), is an Iranian singer-songwriter and rapper. 

Tataloo is the first R&B singer in Iran and also he is part of the first generation of the Iranian underground hip hop scene.

His debut album, Zire Hamkaf, was released in 2011. Since then, he has released 16 albums.

Tataloo was arrested several times when living in Iran by the Islamic Republic authorities.

In 2021, Amir Tataloo released the album Fereshteh by Universal Music Group. He is the first Iranian to collaborate with Universal Music Group.

Tataloo started his music career in 2003. He began by releasing songs on his personal blog. He started as an . He remains unauthorized by the . He was described by "Time" magazine as "A rapper with so many fans" and by as an artist with a "strong fan base" among the youth in Iran. His music style has been described as a "popular flashy blend of pop, rap and R&B".

He released a single, "Manam Yeki az un Yazdahtam" (I'm Also One of Those Eleven Players), for the during the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

During the Iran/5+1 nuclear talks in Vienna in July 2015, he released a song supporting the . The music video was produced on the Iranian navy ship . The song was the top trending Google search in . This song became an instant controversy in Iran, mostly for the . They compared the song to 's songs in support of Iranian protests in 2009.

In 2015 he attended the . He was praised by the Iran-Iraq war veterans for his music video, Shohada (The Martyrs). He was introduced as the peace ambassador of the museum.

In 2018, after many arrests by the Iranian authorities and failing to get a music activity license from the , Tataloo left Iran and moved to Turkey. This where he is currently lives.

Tataloo is vegan. He is preaching the vegan philosophy and lifestyle. He asks his fans not to kill and eat animals. One of his many nicknames is Nature's Son.



Hamster &amp; Gretel

Hamster and Gretel is an American animated television series. It was created by Dan Povenmire for Disney Channel in 2022. The series is a spin-off of Phineas and Ferb and Milo Murphy’s Law.

A teenage boy named Kevin and his 10 year old sister Gretel are visited by aliens. The aliens say they will give superpowers to Kevin and Gretel. The aliens actually give the powers to Gretel and her pet hamster. This turns them into superheroes with Kevin being jealous that he does not get any powers. 

Doria Ragland

Doria Loyce Ragland (born September 2, 1956) is an American social worker, former makeup artist, and a yoga instructor. She is the mother of Meghan Markle.

Doria Ragland was born in Cleveland, Ohio, to Jeanette Arnold (1929–2000), a nurse, and her second husband, Alvin Azell Ragland (1929–2011). Ragland married lighting director Thomas Markle Sr. on 23 December 1979. Their daughter Meghan was born in 1981. The couple divorced when their daughter was two years old. They permanently, officially divorced in 1987. Ragland has accompanied Meghan to public events and attended her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018.

Monroe Township, Middlesex County, New Jersey

Monroe Township is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, 48,594 people lived there.

Attleboro, Massachusetts

Attleboro is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Stow, Massachusetts

Stow is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The town is west of Boston. 7,174 people lived here at the 2020 United States Census.

Maffliers

Maffliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Magny-en-Vexin

Magny-en-Vexin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Mareil-en-France

Mareil-en-France is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Margency

Margency is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

South Park (season 4)

The fourth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone. It began airing on November 1, 2000. The fourth season ended after airing 17 episodes on April 1, 2001.



<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Marines, Val-d'Oise

Marines is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Marly-la-Ville

Marly-la-Ville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Maudétour-en-Vexin

Maudétour-en-Vexin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Menouville

Menouville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Menucourt

Menucourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Mériel

Mériel is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Treat Williams

Richard Treat Williams (December 1, 1951 – June 12, 2023) was an American actor, writer and aviator. He has appeared on movie, stage and television in over 120 credits. He first became well known for his starring role in the 1979 musical film "Hair".

Canta Conmigo Ahora (season 2)

The second season of Canta Conmigo Ahora premiered on October 19, 2022, on El Trece. Marcelo Tinelli reprised his role as the host of the show, this is the Argentine version of the British program All Together Now.

The winner of this second season was
Dámaris Zulli.

All Together Now

All Together Now is a British reality television music competition which first aired on BBC One on 27 January 2018. It was presented by Rob Beckett and Geri Halliwell (credited as Geri Horner). In June 2019, the BBC decided to cancel the show after two series.

Bilal Saeed

Bilal Saeed (born 12 December 1988) is a Pakistani singer-songwriter, music producer and composer. He is best known for his singles "12 Saal", "Adhi Adhi raat " and 'Teri khair mangdi". Bilal's upcoming song is "Udh Di Phiran".


Linear differential equation

In mathematics, a linear differential equation is a differential equation that is stated by a linear polynomial in the unknown function and its derivatives. It is an equation of the form:
where and are random differential functions that do not need to be linear. And are the derivatives of an unknown function that follow after the variable .

This equation is an ordinary differential equation (ODE). A "linear differential equation" may also be a linear partial differential equation (PDE), if the unknown function depends on several variables. And the derivatives that show in the equation are partial derivatives.

Angarsk

Angarsk () is a city in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 233,567 people lived there.

Beaver Cove, Maine

Beaver Cove is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Bowerbank, Maine

Bowerbank is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Brownville, Maine

Brownville is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Guilford, Maine

Guilford is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Medford, Maine

Medford is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Milo, Maine

Milo is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Monson, Maine

Monson is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Mals

Mals () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is on the border with Switzerland and Austria.


Little Jeannie

"Little Jeannie" is a 1980 song by Elton John and is taken from his 14th studio album "21 at 33". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 3 in the United States, number 4 in Switzerland, number 5 in New Zealand, number 8 in South Africa, number 9 in Australia and number 33 in the United States.

Magadan

Magadan () is a port town in Russia. It is the administrative center of Magadan Oblast. In 2010, 95,982 people lived there.

Reggatta de Blanc

Reggatta de Blanc is the second studio album by English band The Police and released on 2 October, 1979 through A&M Records. It went to number 1 in Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Canada, number 4 in New Zealand, number 7 in Italy, number 16 in Germany and Japan, number 21 in Sweden and number 25 in the United States. It won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance.

Méry-sur-Oise

Méry-sur-Oise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Rhinoceros (song)

"Rhinoceros" is a 1991 song from American band the Smashing Pumpkins and taken from their debut studio album "Gish". It wasn't released as a single and instead featured as the leading single from "Lull (EP)".

All songs written by Billy Corgan

Face the Music (Electric Light Orchestra album)

Face the Music is the fifth studio album by British band Electric Light Orchestra. It was released in September, 1975 through United Artists Records. It went to number 8 in the United States, number 11 in the Netherlands, number 24 in Italy, number 30 in Australia and number 31 in Canada. It did not chart in the United Kingdom.

All songs written by Jeff Lynne.

United Democratic Alliance (Kenya)

The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) is the current ruling political party in Kenya. Their leader is William Ruto who founded this party in 2020.

Anna Helweg

Anna Maria Engelina Dop-Helweg (10 November 1891 – 1 December 1975) was a Dutch competitive swimmer, diver and water polo player. She was a member of the "Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub" (H.D.Z.). Helweg was an active swimmer in the 20th-century. In her era there were (almost) none international competitions and only a limited amount of national competitions.

On of her first achievements was at the 20th anniversary competition of the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub (H.D.Z.) in 1906. In this main competition of that era for women she won a third prize. In 1907 she won at a competition the third prize in the 80 metre freestyle. In 1911 she won the first prize in the 40 metre backstroke event.

In July 1914 she saved a 21-year old maid from drowning in the in Gorredijk. Male bystanders couldn’t swim and did’t dare to jump into the water. She later received for it a diploma and silver medal by the swimming federation. 

Helweg started specializing in diving. She gave a demonstration in January 1914 at a H.D.C. event. Later in 1914, at the national swimming competitions she won the first prize in two different diving disciplines. In 1916 she won she silver medal at the national competition in the diving event.

Water polo for women was at the time not Olympic. At the 1920 Summer Olympics, women’s water polo was held as a demonstration event. She competed in this water polo exhibition match where two Dutch teams played against each other. 

Helweg was also a board member of H.D.Z.. She was elected in 1912, and re-elected in 1914. In 1915 she became a member af the research department. 

Helwegen was born in Amsterdam on 10 November 1891. She lived at the 110. Helweg married to Frederikus Hermannus Dop on 10 July 1924. Helweg died on in Naarden on 1 December 1975. She is buried in Naarden.

Scanzorosciate

Scanzorosciate is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Carovigno

Carovigno is a town and "comune" in the Province of Brindisi and region of Apulia, in southern Italy. The town has about 17,000 people live there.

Carovigno is twinned with:

Ceglie Messapica

Ceglie Messapica is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

Cellino San Marco

Celino San Marco is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.


Cisternino

Cisternino is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

Cisternino is twinned with:


Francavilla Fontana

Francavilla Fontana is a city and "comune" in the Province of Brindisi and region of Apulia, in southern Italy. About 36,000 people live there.

Latiano

Latiano is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.


Noto

Noto () is an Italian city in Sicily. It is in the Province of Syracuse. About 24,000 people live there.

The city gives its name to the surrounding area Val di Noto. In 2002 Noto and its church were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Scicli

Scicli is an Italian city in Sicily. It is in the Province of Ragusa. About 27,000 people live there. Together with seven other cities in the Val di Noto, it has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Le Mesnil-Aubry

Le Mesnil-Aubry is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Moisselles

Moisselles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Montgeroult

Montgeroult is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Montlignon

Montlignon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Montmagny, Val-d'Oise

Montmagny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Montmagny

Montmagny can mean:

Montmagny, Quebec

Montmagny is a city in the Canadian province of Quebec. In 2011, 11,491 people lived there.

Georgi Traykov

Georgi Traikov (; 14 April 1898 – 14 January 1975) was a Bulgarian politician. He served as first deputy chairman of the state council from 1972–1974 and as Head of state from 1964–1971.

Jondachi tree frog

The Jondachi tree frog ("Hyloscirtus staufferorum") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 2040 and 2500 meters above sea level.

Solo Sikoa

Solo Sikoa is a Samoan WWE professional wrestler and is part of the Bloodline.

Nnamdi Kanu

Nnamdi Okwu Kanu (born 25 September 1967) is a British-Nigerian political activist who fights for the independence of Biafra from Nigeria. He is the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra and a mentor to Simon Ekpa.

Mesagne

Mesagne is an Italian city in Apulia. About 26,500 people live there.

Oria, Apulia

Oria is a town and "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oria.

Montreuil-sur-Epte

Montreuil-sur-Epte is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Collado Villalba

Collado Villalba is a city and municipality in the Community of Madrid, in central Spain. In 2021, 63,825 people lived there.

Montsoult

Montsoult is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Mours

Mours is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Moussy, Val-d'Oise

Moussy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Nerville-la-Forêt

Nerville-la-Forêt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Nesles-la-Vallée

Nesles-la-Vallée is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Neuilly-en-Vexin

Neuilly-en-Vexin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Neuville-sur-Oise

Neuville-sur-Oise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Nointel, Val-d'Oise

Nointel is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Noisy-sur-Oise

Noisy-sur-Oise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Nucourt

Nucourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Omerville

Omerville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Osny

Osny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Parmain

Parmain is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Le Perchay

Le Perchay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Persan

Persan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Pierrelaye

Pierrelaye is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Le Plessis-Bouchard

Le Plessis-Bouchard is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Le Plessis-Gassot

Le Plessis-Gassot is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Strambino

Strambino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Lombardore

Lombardore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rivalta di Torino

Rivalta di Torino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Frottage

Frottage or frot is a type of non-penetrating sex between men. They rub each other with erect penises. Partners usually face each other. Frot provides many pleasant sensations, because the members of both partners are stimulated at the same time, especially the glans

Essentially the same activity between females is called tribadism. 

Frottage is not limited to humans, and also occurs in other mammals. It has been observed with bonobos, manatees and bottlenose dolphins. 

Cindy Sherman

Cynthia Morris Sherman (born January 19, 1954) is an American artist and photographer. Her work is mainly about photographic self-portraits.
Her first famous work is often said to be the collected "Untitled Film Stills". The "Untitled Film Stills" is a series of 70 black-and-white photographs of herself doing typical women roles in performance media. In the 1980s, she used color film and large prints. She focused more on costume, lighting and facial expression.
Sherman was given the MacArthur Fellowship in 1995. She was given an honorary doctorate degree from the Royal College of Art, London, in 2013.

Alushta

Alushta (; ) is a resort town in Crimea, Ukraine. It is on the Black Sea. In 2014, 29,078 people lived there.

Ostuni

Ostuni is an Italian city in Apulia. About 32,000 people live there.

Mahón

Mahón or Maó is the capital and second largest city of Menorca. The city is on the eastern coast of the island, which is part of the archipelago and autonomous community of the Balearic Islands. In 2021, 29,578 people lived there.

Le Plessis-Luzarches

Le Plessis-Luzarches is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Too Much Heaven

"Too Much Heaven" is a 1978. It was written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb. It was performed by the Bee Gees. The band released as a single from their 15th studio album "Spirits Have Flown" and went to number 1 in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States and number 2 in France, Ireland and the Netherlands, number 3 in Portugal and the United Kingdom, number 4 in Finland and number 5 in Australia and China. It was covered by Jordan Hill in 1996.

Presles, Val-d'Oise

Presles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Puiseux-Pontoise

Puiseux-Pontoise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

La Roche-Guyon

La Roche-Guyon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Roissy-en-France

Roissy-en-France is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. The commune is in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. In 2019, 2,833 people lived there.

The Charles de Gaulle Airport is in the commune and is commonly referred to as Roissy Airport.

Ronquerolles

Ronquerolles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Sagy, Val-d'Oise

Sagy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Next to You (The Police song)

"Next to You" is a song by The Police and is the opening track from their debut studio album "Outlandos d'Amour". It was never released as a single and has been played live in their concerts.

Saint-Brice-sous-Forêt

Saint-Brice-sous-Forêt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Saint-Clair-sur-Epte

Saint-Clair-sur-Epte is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. It is on the river Epte and is 10 km southwest of Gisors.


Saint-Cyr-en-Arthies

Saint-Cyr-en-Arthies is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Saint-Gervais, Val-d'Oise

Saint-Gervais is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Saint-Gratien, Val-d'Oise

Saint-Gratien is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris, France. It is from the center.


Saint-Leu-la-Forêt

Saint-Leu-la-Forêt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. In 2019, 16,130 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Saint-Leu-la-Forêt is twinned with:

Saint-Martin-du-Tertre, Val-d'Oise

Saint-Martin-du-Tertre is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. It was first mentioned in 1170 as "Sanctus Martinus de Colle".

Saint-Martin-du-Tertre

Saint-Martin-du-Tertre is the name of two communes in France:


Saint-Martin-du-Tartre

Saint-Martin-du-Tartre is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.


Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône

Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Saint-Prix, Val-d'Oise

Saint-Prix is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Morwenna Banks

Morwenna Banks (born 20 September 1961) is a British actress, comedian, writer, and producer. She appeared in the Channel 4 comedy sketch show "Absolutely", and wrote, produced, and appeared in the British ensemble film "The Announcement". She voices Mummy Pig, Madame Gazelle and Dr Hamster in "Peppa Pig" and Mo Poppins in "Destiny's Side".

One of Banks' early major television roles was as part of the team on the comedy sketch show "Absolutely", broadcast on Channel 4 between 1989 and 1993. Her other television appearances include the BBC series "The Thick of It", "Red Dwarf", "Ruddy Hell! It's Harry and Paul" and the Steve Coogan comedy "Saxondale", in which she played receptionist Vicky. She also appeared as Anthea Stonem in the E4 Teen drama "Skins" and was a featured player in Fox's "In Living Color" for fourth and fifth seasons and she was a cast member on NBC's "Saturday Night Live", for four episodes of the show's twentieth season. She appeared as Carmen Kenaway in the first two episodes of the ninth series of "Shameless".

Her voice roles include Claire Feeble in "Stressed Eric"; Mummy Pig, Madame Gazelle and Dr Hamster in "Peppa Pig"; Yma in "YoYo Wow Kingdom"; Mo Poppins in "Destiny's Side"; Karen The Raven in "Playtime Superstars"; the ship's computer in the BBC TV series "Hyperdrive"; the witches in "Meg and Mog", an animated children's series; Guinevere in "King Arthur's Disasters" (CITV); Miss Truncheon in "P5" (CBBC).

House of Cards (novel)

House of Cards is a novella by Baron Michael Dobbs. Dobbs was in the British House of Lords in the 1980s. 

After an argument with Margaret Thatcher, Dobbs decided to write a book whose protagonist was an evil politician with the initials F.U. So he made a fictional character named Francis Uruqhart. 

In the book, Uruqhart finds out that a man named Roger O’Neal is addicted to cocaine and blackmails O’Neal into helping him while Uruqhart has an affair with a female journalist named Mattie Storin so she will write the stories that he wants her to write. 

Then Roger O’Neal’s girlfriend breaks up with him so he has a nervous breakdown. He is angry with Uruqhart so Uruqhart gets O’Neal drunk until he falls asleep and puts rat poison in O’Neal’s cocaine to kill him and make the murder look like a suicide. Uruqhart feels guilty about that so when Mattie asks him if he killed Roger O’Neal he kills himself by jumping off a balcony.

The BBC made a television miniseries created by Andrew Davies based on the book and called it House of Cards. In it, Francis Uruqhart was played by Ian Richardson. The show changed the ending to Uruqhart killing Mattie Storin so that he could become Prime Minister of Great Britain. After the show was a success, Dobbs wrote two books as sequels to it called ”To Play the King” and ”The Final Cut” both of which were adapted into the show.

In 2013, Netflix made an American version of the television series "House of Cards" created by Beau Willimon starring Kevin Spacey as Frank Underwood.

Michael Dobbs

Michael Dobbs is a British author and politician who supports the British Conservative Party. Dobbs is a Baron. Dobbs was in the House of Lords when Margaret Thatcher was Prime Minister. Dobbs is most known for the House of Cards books.

Eugene Roshal

Eugene Roshal (; born 1972) is a Russian software engineer.

Roshal is best known as the developer of:


RAR is officially owned by his elder brother Alexander, because Eugene Roshal has "no time to concern himself with software development and copyright-related issues at the same time."

Lateralus

Lateralus is the third album by American rock band Tool. It was released on May 15, 2001. The album came out at number one on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. It sold more than 500,000 copies in its first week. The RIAA gave it a double platinum certification in 2003. Tool won a Grammy Award for the song "Schism" in 2002.

Imagine Dragons discography

The American pop rock band Imagine Dragons has released six studio albums, four live albums, one compilation album, ten extended plays, twenty-seven singles, six promotional singles and twenty-three music videos. 
According to Recording Industry Association of America, they have sold 74.5 million digital singles and 12 million albums in the US. Imagine Dragons has sold 46 million albums and 55 million singles worldwide. This includes 74 billion global career streams, making them among the best-selling rock bands in history. "Billboard" named them as the 29th Greatest Adult Alternative artist of all time, as well as the 13th Top Artist of 2010s in the United States.
Imagine Dragons released an extended play, "Speak to Me" in 2008. It was followed by a self-titled EP, "Hell and Silence" and "It's Time" in September 2009, June 2010, and March 2011. In February 2012, the band found success with the release of their fifth extended play, "Continued Silence". "It's Time" was released as the lead single from the EP. It peaked at number fifteen on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. It has since sold over 6 million copies in the United States. "Continued Silence" peaked at number 40 on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States. As of August 31, 2021, Imagine Dragons is also one of the highest certified digital singles acts in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). They have been certified for 74.5 million digital singles in the country alone.

"Night Visions", the band's debut studio album, was released in September 2012. It peaked at number two on the "Billboard" 200 and got to the top of the "Billboard" Top Alternative Albums and "Billboard" Top Rock Albums charts. The album has the singles "It's Time", "Radioactive", and "Demons". "Radioactive" peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and has since sold over 8.6 million copies in the United States. It also became a top–ten hit in many countries. These countries include Australia, Germany and Sweden. "Demons" has also been certified Diamond by the RIAA. It peaked at number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The band's second studio album, "Smoke + Mirrors", was released in February 2015. It debuted at the top of the "Billboard" 200. The album had 3 singles: "I Bet My Life", which peaked in the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 28, "Gold", and "Shots". "I Bet My Life" and "Shots" both peaked in the top 10 on "Billboard"s Hot Rock and Alternative chart.

Their third studio album, "Evolve", was released in June 2017. The album had two singles, "Believer" and Thunder". Both went on to peak at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Believer" was later certified diamond by the RIAA. They were then followed by a third single, "Whatever It Takes", which reached number 12. All three songs have peaked at number one on the Hot Rock Songs chart. After the "Evolve" tour was done, they released their fourth studio album "Origins" on November 9, 2018. Five singles were released from the album: "Natural", "Zero", "Machine", "Bad Liar", and "Birds" featuring Elisa.

After taking a break of more than two years, they announced their fifth studio album, "Mercury – Act 1". It was released on September 3, 2021. The album had three singles: "Follow You", "Cutthroat", and "Wrecked". "Follow You" peaked at number 7 on the Hot Rock and Alternative chart and number one on Rock and Alternative Airplay. It also received a different version named "Follow You (Summer '21)".


List of songs recorded by Imagine Dragons

This is a list of every song recorded by the American pop rock band Imagine Dragons. This includes singles, covers, soundtrack songs, collaborations, and unreleased songs.

Believer (Imagine Dragons song)

"Believer" is a song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons. The song was released on February 1, 2017, through Interscope Records and Kidinakorner. It was the lead single from the band's third studio album, "Evolve" (2017). It was written by Dan Reynolds, Wayne Sermon, Ben McKee, Daniel Platzman, Justin Tranter and its producers Mattman & Robin.

"Believer" peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It became the band's third top ten single after "Radioactive" and "Demons". It also reached the top ten in Austria, Canada, Czechia, France, Italy, Poland, Portugal, and Switzerland. The song had a large boost in popularity after it was used in the season finale for the first season of the CW's Riverdale. The song was played often in advertisements, like for the Nintendo Switch Super Bowl LI advertisement, and several movie and television trailers. It became the fifth best-selling song of 2017 in the United States and one of the best-selling singles of all time. On January 8, 2019, another version of the song was released, featuring American rapper, Lil Wayne.

In March 2017, Dan Reynolds told "People" that the song was inspired by his experiences with ankylosing spondylitis in 2015. He said that, "The meaning of the song is really reflecting on specific things in my life that were painful, whether it was anxiety and dealing with crowds, feeling overwhelmed by that or the success of the band, disease, going through depression—anything that was a source of pain in my life. And just rising above that, finding a place of perspective where I could be appreciative of the pain in my life and make it my greatest strength."

According to sheet music published at Sheetmusicdirect.com, "Believer" is an allegro tempo of 125 beats per minute. Written in the time signature of 12/8, the song is in the key of B♭ minor. Dan Reynolds' vocal range spans from A to D during the song.

The official music video for the song was released on March 7, 2017, on the Imagine Dragons Vevo account, and was directed by Matt Eastin. It features a boxing match between Reynolds and Dolph Lundgren, with some scenes showing what seems to be a young Dan drawing on his notepad in scenes. Dan is losing, and he says that he wants to stop, but Dolph replies "We can't." It ends with Reynolds barely conscious, while Young Dan is revealed to have sketched a symbol identical to the one on Reynolds' chest, the "Evolve" symbol. As of 2022, the video has over 2 billion views and over 20 million likes. It is currently the most-viewed and most-liked video on the band's YouTube channel. It is also the 21st most-liked video on the platform.

"Believer" reached number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was at the top of the "Billboard" Hot Rock Songs (29 weeks), Alternative Songs (13 weeks), and Adult Pop Songs (6 weeks). Among component charts, it was also at the top of Rock Airplay, Rock Streaming Songs, Rock Digital Sale Songs, and Top TV Commercials Charts. It was also at the top of the Canada Alternative Rock Chart. "Believer" broke the 14-year-old record for the most spins on the Mediabase Alternative chart. "Believer" has reached the top ten in Austria, Canada, Czech Republic, France, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Switzerland, and the United States.

"Believer" was the number one song on several "Billboard" year-end charts, including the Hot Rock Songs chart, the Rock Airplay chart, and the Alternative Songs chart. The song was the fifth best-selling song of 2017 in the United States, selling 1,598,000 copies in the year.

The first televised performance of "Believer" was during the March 22, 2017 episode of ABC late-night talk show "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". They then performed the song at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend. "Believer" was performed again during the 2019 College Football Playoff National Championship halftime show.

Grammy Award-winning singer Michelle Williams performed the song on the second US series of "The Masked Singer".


Natural (Imagine Dragons song)

"Natural" is a song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons. Its members co-wrote the song with Justin Tranter, Klinsmann Lucas S. Bernardo and their producers Mattman & Robin. It was released by Kidinakorner and Interscope Records on July 17, 2018. It was the lead single from the band's fourth studio album, "Origins" (2018), as well as the seasonal anthem of the 2018 "ESPN College Football". It became their fifth number one song on the US Hot Rock Songs chart.

Lead singer Dan Reynolds said that "Natural" is about "finding yourself and being willing and able to stand up to whatever adversity comes your way". He said in a press release announcing the song: "Living in a dog-eat-dog world can bring out the worst in you, and sometimes, the best. It would be a lie to tell you I haven't become somewhat skeptical about some things in the last decade of my life. However, I believe that when you truly learn to love yourself, the judging eyes and hateful words become meaningless."

The song was chosen by ESPN as the anthem of the 2018 "College Football" season. It is the second time that an Imagine Dragons song was chosen, the first being "Roots" in 2015. "'Natural' has the energy, spirit and drama of each team's journey to the College Football Playoff, and that is why it was chosen as this year's anthem," said Emeka Ofodile, ESPN vice president of sports marketing. It is also part of the soundtrack for EA Sports' NHL 19.

"Natural" is a pop rock song which features a "mix of explosive drums and inspiring lyrics", with "stadium-rocking instrumentation" over the chorus.

A music video for the song was released on August 24, 2018. It shows frontman Dan Reynolds as the owner of a spooky house including shots of a woman in a bathtub, the same woman being chased by other inhabitants of the house and a very tall man that looks like Slenderman, a supposed funeral for the woman, Wayne Sermon, Ben McKee and Daniel Platzman fading into dust, Reynolds digging a grave and burying the woman alive, and other shots of the house and its inhabitants, along with a clip of a lion mauling a zebra.
Its music video has gotten over 410 million views and 4 million likes as of March 2021.

On July 19, 2018, Imagine Dragons made a live television debut of the single on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". The performance featured a guitar solo by lead guitarist Wayne Sermon that expanded on the studio recording.

Credits adapted from Tidal.

Ego Plum

Ego Plum (born February 27, 1975) is an American singer and musician. He is best known for his work on "SpongeBob SquarePants" for several episodes, "The Ghastly Love of Johnny X" and "Making Fiends" and "Harvey Beaks".

Radio Free Europe (song)

"Radio Free Europe" is a debut single from alternative rock band R.E.M. and was released on 8 July, 1981.

"Radio Free Europe" was re-released in 1983 and taken from their debut studio album "Murmur". It went to number 78 in the United States.

List of minor planets: 184001–185000


Breakthru (song)

"Breakthru" is a 1989 song by British rock band Queen and is taken from their album "The Miracle". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and number 6 in the Netherlands and in Ireland. It did not chart in the United States.

Everybody Wants to Rule the World

"Everybody Wants to Rule the World" is a 1985 song by the British pop rock band Tears for Fears and is the third single from their second studio album "Songs from the Big Chair". It went to number one in Canada, New Zealand and in the United States, number two in Ireland, Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom and number three in Belgium.







Don't Stop Me Now

"Don't Stop Me Now" is a 1979 song by Queen and is taken from their seventh studio album "Jazz". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Ireland, number 14 in the Netherlands and number 86 in the United States. It was covered by McFly in 2006.

Don't Dream It's Over

"Don't Dream It's Over" is a 1986 song by rock band Crowded House and is the fourth single from their debut studio album
"Crowded House". It went to number 1 in Canada and New Zealand, number 2 in the United States, number 6 in Belgium and Norway, number 7 in the Netherlands, number 8 in Australia and number 13 in Germany.

A Forest

"A Forest" is a 1980 song by the English gothic rock band The Cure and taken from their second studio album "Seventeen Seconds". It was their first single to chart in the United Kingdom where it peaked at #31 and also charted in Belgium, the Netherlands and New Zealand.

7" – Fiction/Polydor (UK) (1980)

12" – Fiction/Polydor (UK) (1980)

CD/12" – Fiction (UK) (1990)

Mean to Me (Crowded House song)

"Mean to Me" is a 1986 debut song by Crowded House and taken from their debut studio album "Crowded House". It went to number 26 in Australia.

Track 1 by Neil Finn. Track 2 by Finn and Eddie Rayner. Both tracks from the "Crowded House" album.

Gisors

Gisors is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

The Invisible Man (Queen song)

"The Invisible Man" is a 1989 song by Queen and taken from their 13th studio album "The Miracle". It is based on the H. G. Wells novel of the same name. It went to number 4 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Ireland, number 12 in the United States, number 13 in Belgium, number 14 in Italy and number 15 in New Zealand.

7" Single

A Side. "The Invisible Man" (Album Version) - 3:57

B Side. "Hijack My Heart" - 4:11

12"/CD Single

A Side. "The Invisible Man" (Extended Version) - 5:28

2/B1. "Hijack My Heart" - 4:11

3/B2. "The Invisible Man" (Album Version) - 3:57

Walk Like an Egyptian

"Walk Like an Egyptian" is a 1986 song by The Bangles and taken from their second album "Different Light". It went to number 1 in the United States, Australia, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, South Africa, Spain and number 2 in New Zealand, number 3 in the United States, number 6 in Austria and number 8 in Switzerland.


Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go

"Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" is a 1984 song by English pop duo Wham! and is taken from their second studio album "Make It Big". It became their first number-one hit in the United Kingdom and the United States. Then it went to number 1 in Australia, Belgium, Ireland, Canada, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.

Killing of Percy Lapid

On October 3, 2022, Percy Lapid, a radio journalist and radio broadcaster, was shot dead while on his way home in Las Piñas, Metro Manila, Philippines.

On October 3, 2022, Percy Lapid is a radio broadcaster and radio journalist, was found with a gunshot wound in head on his home in Las Piñas, Metro Manila, Philippines.

Percival Carag Mabasa (March 14, 1959 – October 3, 2022), also known as Percy Lapid is a professionally Filipino journalists and radio journalists, He is on set in the radio program Lapid Fire at DWBL.

He is also radio reporter and commentator since in 1980s for DZME, DWBC, DZRM, DWIZ.

Lapid was killed on 3, October 2022 at around 8:30 pm (UTC+8) while he was returning home while he was returning home, The two motorcycle riders got off near Lapid's car and they shot him inside the car.

His vehicle was about 50 meters (160 ft) from the gate.

World Where You Live

"World Where You Live" is a 1986 song by Crowded House and is the second single from their debut studio album "Crowded House". It was their first internationally released single and went to number 43 in Australia.

"All songs by Neil Finn except "Something So Strong" by Finn and Mitchell Froom and "That's What I Call Love" by Paul Hester and Finn. Tracks on vinyl singles are all from the album "Crowded House" album, except the extended Version of "World where you live", On all formats "That's what I Call love" is 4:22, but the actual tracks are 3:39."

"Catalogue no: Capitol / CP 1769."

"Catalogue no: Capitol / CL 416."

"Catalogue no: Capitol / 12 CL 416."

"Catalogue no: Capitol / CDCL 416. Also available on MC (Capitol/ TC CL 416)."

"Catalogue no: Capitol / SPRO-9693/9694. Promotional release.

"Catalogue no: Capitol / DPRO 79070. US Promotional CD single." Track 2 recorded at Wolfgang's, San Francisco, CA, 9 April 1987. Track 3 recorded at The Trocadero, Philadelphia, PA, 24 March 1987. Track 4 recorded at The Roxy, Los Angeles, CA, 26 February 1987. The "single version" of "World Where You Live" is similar to the album version at 3:07. "World Where You Live" (live) is unique to this release, where both "Something So Strong" and "Don't Dream It's Over" will see official releases on singles to come. On a general note; there are several mix-ups of dates claiming "Don't Dream It's Over" to be from 24/3/1987 and "Something So Strong" to be from 26/2/1987. All "versions" in the 5:55 range of "Don't Dream It's Over" are from 26/2/1987 and "Something So Strong" from 24/3/1987.


Careless Whisper

"Careless Whisper" is a 1984 song by the English singer George Michael and is taken from the Wham!'s album "Make It Big". The song features a saxophone solo by Steve Gregory. It went to number 1 in almost 25 countries.

Saint-Witz

Saint-Witz is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Santeuil, Val-d'Oise

Santeuil is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Seraincourt, Val-d'Oise

Seraincourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Seugy

Seugy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Soisy-sous-Montmorency

Soisy-sous-Montmorency is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Survilliers

Survilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Taverny

Taverny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. In 2019, 26,872 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Its inhabitants are called the "Tabernaciens".


Théméricourt

Théméricourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Theuville, Val-d'Oise

Theuville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Le Thillay

Le Thillay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Us, Val-d'Oise

Us is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

The commune is on the river Viosne, about 40 km northwest of Paris. The neighbouring communes are Ableiges, Frémécourt, Le Perchay, Santeuil, Théméricourt and Vigny.

It is in the regional nature park of Vexin.


The Essential Electric Light Orchestra

The Essential Electric Light Orchestra is a 2003 greatest hits compilation album by British band Electric Light Orchestra. It has been re-released in 2008 and again in 2011 as 2-CD edition.

All tracks are written by Jeff Lynne, with the exception of "Roll Over Beethoven" by Chuck Berry

Vallangoujard

Vallangoujard is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Valmondois

Valmondois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Vaudherland

Vaudherland is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Vémars

Vémars is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Vétheuil

Vétheuil is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Viarmes

Viarmes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Viarmes is twinned with:

Vienne-en-Arthies

Vienne-en-Arthies is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Long, Long Way from Home

"Long, Long Way from Home" is a 1977 song by British American band Foreigner and taken from their debut studio album "Foreigner". It went to number 20 in the United States and number 22 in Canada.

No End in Sight: The Very Best of Foreigner

No End in Sight: The Very Best of Foreigner is a 2008 greatest hits album by English American band Foreigner. It was released on 15 July, 2008.

All songs written by Mick Jones and Lou Gramm except where noted.

Vigny, Val-d'Oise

Vigny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Villaines-sous-Bois

Villaines-sous-Bois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Villeron

Villeron is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Neighbouring communes are Chennevières-lès-Louvres, Louvres, Marly-la-Ville, Saint-Witz and Vémars.

Villers-en-Arthies

Villers-en-Arthies is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Wy-dit-Joli-Village

Wy-dit-Joli-Village is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Pourrières

Pourrières is a commune of 5,181 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Puget-Ville

Puget-Ville is a commune of 4,357 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Rayol-Canadel-sur-Mer

Rayol-Canadel-sur-Mer is a commune of 667 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Régusse

Régusse is a commune of 2,642 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Revest-les-Eaux

Le Revest-les-Eaux is a commune of 3,962 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Rians, Var

Rians is a commune of 4,278 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Bergheim, North Rhine-Westphalia

Bergheim is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Rhein-Erft-Kreis. It is about 20 km west of Cologne.

Anne Graham Lotz

Anne McCue Graham Lotz is an American Protestant evangelist. She is the 2nd daughter of the evangelist, Billy Graham, and his wife Ruth Graham. She founded AnGeL ministries. She is the author of more than 10 books. Her most known book is ""Just Give Me Jesus"".

Anne McCue Graham Lotz was born in 1948 in Montreat, North Carolina. Anne is the 2nd child of the five children born to Billy Graham and Ruth Graham. The Graham Family had settled near Ruth's parents in Montreat. It remains today as the Graham Family Home, Little Piney Cove.

Ruth was often the single parent for months at a time to the 5 Graham children. Of her caring and teaching to the children, Anne says, "My father, was away almost full time. I was raised pretty much by single parents and grandparents, and then I didn't know any different."

Anne became a Christian at the age of about 8 years old after watching The King of Kings, a Cecil B. DeMille film, on Good Friday.

Anne Graham graduated from high school. Shortly after that, she married Dr. Daniel Lotz on September 9, 1966, at the age of 18. The young couple lived in Raleigh, North Carolina. This is where Dr. Lotz was beginning his dental practice. She had her first child at the age of 20, two more children in the three years that followed. She did not work outside her home. Anne says this was a hard time in her life saying: “Early in my marriage, I felt like I drifted from God just because I was busy – you know, small children, small house, all the business of being a housewife. But I sought God through the Scripture. That’s when I got into the Bible myself.”

In 1975, Lotz heard about Bible Study Fellowship, a Bible class for women that used a highly structured study method. She wanted a class to be offered in her hometown of Raleigh. She waited for a year for someone else to teach the class. Although no one else did, so she decided to teach the class herself. The class quickly filled up with 500 people and had a waiting list. Lotz continued to teach the weekly class for 12 years. During this time, she began to receive many speaking invitations. In 1988, Anne left Bible Study Fellowship traveling from place to place to find a teaching ministry.

Upon leaving her Bible Study Fellowship teaching class afterwards Anne founded AnGeL Ministries, a non-profit organization based in Raleigh, NC to fasten her ability to accept teaching invitations. Lotz says the name "AnGeL Ministries" takes her initials "AGL" and adds the "n" and "e" to form the word "AnGeL", "because angels in the Bible were messengers of God, and they went where God sent them and they give the message you put on their heart, and I felt that describes what I do."

In the early years of AnGeL Ministries, Anne accepted invitations to speak all over the world: at priest's conferences, at women's conferences, and world evangelism conferences. By the year 2000, she felt her ministry taking a different direction.

Although as a female evangelist she had some resistance from conservative Protestants, her popularity is such large that she gets crowded by fans in the whole world. The New York Times in 1999 considered her one of the five most influential evangelists in the United States.

Hürth

Hürth is a town in the Rhein-Erft-Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 60,000 people live there.

Former Formula One drivers Michael Schumacher and Ralf Schumacher were born here.

Isle La Motte

Isle La Motte is an island and a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

Ulyanovsk Oblast

Ulyanovsk Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Ulyanovsk. In 2010, 1,292,799 people lived in the oblast.

Yaroslavl Oblast

Yaroslavl Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Yaroslavl. In 2010, 1,272,468 people lived in the oblast.

Vice President of Bulgaria

The Vice president of Bulgaria is a position established by the Constitution of Bulgaria. It is the only active vice presidential office in the European Union (EU).

Below is a list of the vice presidents:





San Donaci

San Donaci is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

San Michele Salentino

San Michele Salentino is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

San Michele Salentino is twinned with:

Leader of the Conservative Party

The title Leader of the Conservative Party may refer to:

San Pancrazio Salentino

San Pancrazio Salentino is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

San Pancrazio Salentino is twinned with:

San Vito dei Normanni

San Vito dei Normanni is an Italian city in Apulia. San Vito dei Normanni is in the Province of Brindisi. It has 19,947 people.

Torchiarolo

Torchiarolo is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

Torre Santa Susanna

Torre Santa Susanna is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

Villa Castelli

Villa Castelli is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia.

Andrew Davies

Andrew Davies is a writer from Wales. He is known for his novels and screenplays.

Davies created a medical drama for the BBC called A Very Peculiar Practice. He is commonly known for creating the BBC television series House of Cards based on the book by Michael Dobbs. 

He also made a television show adaptation of Middlemarch by George Eliot, a show based on Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen, a show based on William Makepeace Thackeray’s book Vanity Fair and a show based on Bleak House by Charles Dickens. 

Davies also made a show based on Dickens’ novel Little Dorrit, a tv show based on War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy and a show based on Sandition by Jane Austen. 

Davies won a BAFTA award in 2002.

Medical drama

Medical drama is a genre of fiction set in a hospital with doctors as the main characters.

Fougères

Fougères (; Gallo: "Foujerr") is a commune and a subprefecture. It is in Brittany in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in northwest France.

Redon, Ille-et-Vilaine

Redon is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in northwest France.

Loches

Loches is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.

Riom

Riom is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France.

Échirolles

Échirolles is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. It is a suburb of the city of Grenoble.

Aksay, Rostov Oblast

Aksay () is a town in Rostov Oblast, Russia. It is on the right bank of the Don River and is northeast of Rostov-on-Don, the administrative center of the oblast. In 2010, 41,969 people lived there.

George S. Clinton

George Stanley Clinton Jr. (born June 17, 1947) is an American composer, songwriter, arranger and session musician.

Clinton was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He stated composers like Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Maurice Jarre, John Williams, John Barry and Lalo Schifrin as influences.


Beau Willimon

Beau Willimon (born October 26, 1977) is an American playwright and screenwriter. Willimon created the Hulu television drama series "The First" about a group of astronauts going to Mars. He is the creator of the American version of "House of Cards". Willimon is president of the Writers Guild of America, East.


House of Cards (American TV series)

House of Cards is an American political thriller streaming television series created by Beau Willimon for Netflix. It is an adaptation of the 1990 BBC series of the same name created by Andrew Davies. It is based on the 1989 novel of the same name by Michael Dobbs. The first five seasons started Kevin Spacey as Frank Underwood but he was fired after Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of committing sexual assault against him when Rapp was 14 years old. So in the sixth season, Claire Underwood played by Robin Wright was the new protagonist.


Tokyo Tower of Babel

The Tokyo Tower of Babel () is a visionary 10 km hyper tall building that was proposed to be built in Tokyo in 1992. Although it is unlikely to ever be built in the future. If it actually was built, it would be the tallest building on Earth surpassing Mount Everest by 1,152 metres. It would take 100 to 150 years to build, it would house about 30 million people within if it was ever built.

The origin of the Tokyo Tower of Babel is that it was named after the Tower of Babel and has similarities to the Tower of Babel.

Anthony Rapp

Anthony Rapp is an American actor. He starred in the Broadway musical "You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown" in 1999. He now plays the character Paul Stamets on "".

You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown

You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown is a Broadway musical about Charlie Brown from "Peanuts". It was created by Clark Gesner. It was changed by Andrew Lippa in 1999. It was first performed on March 7, 1967 at Theatre 80.

Trevor Rabin

Trevor Charles Rabin (born January 13, 1954) is a South African composer and rock musician.

Rabin was born in Johannesburg into a family of musicians.

In 1978, Rabin married Shelley May whom he met at school. They lived in Hollywood, Los Angeles since 1984 and have one son, Ryan.

Rabin has received eleven Broadcast Music, Inc. film score awards and a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Temecula International Film Festival.


It's Such a Beautiful Day (movie)

It's Such a Beautiful Day is a 2012 American experimental adult animated surrealist black comedy psychological drama movie directed, written, animated, photographed, and produced by Don Hertzfeldt, his first feature movie.

Leonard Rosenman

Leonard Rosenman (September 7, 1924 - March 4, 2008) was an American composer.

Rosenman was born in Brooklyn, New York. His parents Julius Rosenman and Rose Kantor were Jewish immigrants from Poland.

House of Cards

House of Cards may refer to:






Post-rock

Post-rock is a type of experimental rock music. It focuses more on making different tones and musical textures than other rock music does. Many post-rock musicians are instrumental. The genre came from indie music communities in the 1980s and 1990s. A lot of post-rock music is inspired by ambient, jazz, and electronic music.

The bands Talk Talk and Slint made some of the first post-rock songs. The word "post-rock" came from a review of an album by Bark Psychosis in 1994. The word has been used to describe many bands with different styles. Many musicians do not like this, because it makes it harder to define what post-rock is.

Post-rock is inspired by many genres of music, such as krautrock, jazz, math rock, and avant-garde music. Many post-rock songs are long, and slowly build up the dynamics and timbre of the music. Many post-rock songs do not have any vocals in them, but some do. 

Vocals in post-rock are often used to create sounds instead of sing lyrics. Sigur Rós, a post-rock band known for their vocals, made up their own language for their music. They use the language to make sounds that are "gibberish" but fit "the music".

A Más

A Más (formerly: a+) is a Mexican television network owned by TV Azteca, was released on March 20, 2017 in three cities and later expanded in April 7, 2017.

The channel is listed on frequency 7.2 from Azteca 7 transmitters and was originally released for regional programming.

MxPx

MxPx is an American pop punk band from Bremerton, Washington. It was formed in 1992.

MxPx's influences include Descendents, Nirvana, The Clash, Green Day, Minor Threat, Samiam, The Replacements, Foo Fighters, All, Melvins, NOFX, Suicidal Tendencies and The Vandals.



Lordship of Ireland

The Lordship of Ireland was mainly made as a colony of the Kingdom of England mainly put on maps as England with them lording a lot of land to the English like how they lost Dublin (their capital) to England which was bad for the Irish throne that later changed in the long run when England (under Henry) made it that Ireland would become its own kingdom but like the lord ship the monarch would remain the one in charge of England (and later Scotland).

Puente Colgante de Santa Fe

The Ingeniero Marcial Candioti Bridge, better known as the Santa Fe Suspension Bridge (), is a suspension bridge in the city of Santa Fe, Santa Fe Province, Argentina. It goes across the Setúbal lagoon. It connects the west coast of the lagoon to the east coast of the lagoon. It is also a symbol of the 
city of Santa Fe and a symbol of its people. It has a long history that includes an almost total collapse in 1983 and its restoration after twenty years.

It was originally made to take water from the Colastiné neighborhood and to connect the city with the Universidad Nacional del Litoral and the El Pozo neighborhood, among other places. The bridge is now a tourist attraction. As a landmark and monument in Santa Fe, it is a meeting point for celebrations, social gatherings and festivities. It has inspired poets, artists, photographers and documentaries.

After standing for 55 years, one of its pillars collapsed on September 28, 1983 because of a strong flood that had lasted several months. It was a surprise to everyone, and many photos and videos from the neighbors and journalists of that time show a slow fall. The east antenna collapsed at 4:35 p.m., keeping only half of the structure standing. The Santa Fe newspaper "El Litoral" published that day, “A goodbye that wants to be see you later". Part of the bridge sank into the Setúbal lagoon and was recovered in 1984. The bridge was not rebuilt until 20 years later.

The administration of the then governor José María Vernet was associated with the image of the fallen bridge. First, due to the interventions of man in the flood valley, caused by the occupation of the river land by buildings, and the mismanagement of dredging.

Second, due to the scandal that produced the verification of irregularities in the sale of parts of the suspension bridge. The recovered material was taken to the city port, where it was left in the custody of the provincial government. Months later, that material was sold for scrap.

The reconstruction of the bridge was wanted by most of the people of Santa Fe, since it had always been a source of pride for the city. 

The works began in April 2000 by the company "CCI Construcciones" and an attempt was made to largely respect the original structure of the 1920s. This is clear, for example, in the inclusion of a pipe that does not fulfill any function, but that it did in its first construction.

The bridge, once rebuilt, preserved the original elements, integrating them with the new ones and contrasting them, without breaking the visual unity of the work. This new bridge preserves the original west antenna, assembled in 1924. The new antenna was built in the city of Esperanza, by the Ferma company. 

It arrived in Santa Fe at the end of April 2001 and was assembled with a gigantic crane on July 6 of that year. It differs from the old antenna in that it lacks rivets, and its joints are made by welding. It reopened in September 2002.

On May 25, 2017, the work of the new lighting of the bridge was inaugurated, the sodium lamps were replaced by LED lighting integrated with Philips Color Kinetics technology, which allow 1,600,000 light possibilities, which required an investment of $23 million of Argentinian pesos. It has 320 artifacts in linear form and 104 devices and projectors to illuminate the towers, it also contains programmable controllers that allow lighting scenes to be generated.

Now We're Getting Somewhere

"Now We're Getting Somewhere" is a 1986 song by Crowded House and third single from their debut studio album "Crowded House". It went to number 33 in New Zealand and number 63 in Australia.

All songs by Neil Finn. Released as 7" vinyl single in Australia by Capitol (Catalogue CP 1822). "Now we're getting somewhere" is from the album "Crowded House". Recurring dream is the original Version later released on the "Rikki and Pete"-soundtrack and on the 2016 Deluxe edition of the album "Crowded House"

Hyloscirtus chlorosteus

The Parjacti tree frog ("Hyloscirtus chlorosteus") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, 2044 meters above sea level.

One male frog was about 39.7 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists found it sitting on a doorknob.

This frog has brown skin and green bones. The belly are chin are whitish to gold in color, and shiny. There is some pink color toward the rear end. This frog has no chin gland. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog's scientific name comes from the Greek language word for "green bones."

List of Australian of the Year Award recipients

The Australian of the Year Award is given every year on Australia Day. The announcement of the award has become a major public event in Australia. It is shown on nationwide television. The award "offers an insight into Australian identity, reflecting the nation's evolving relationship with world, the role of sport in Australian culture, the impact of multiculturalism, and the special status of Australia's Indigenous people". The award is unique because it is sponsored by a national government and because it has broad public support.

The following is a list of people who have received the Australian of the Year award.

The post-nominals listed for each person are as they were on the day they were named the Australian of the Year.

Dzerzhinsk, Russia

Dzerzhinsk () is a city in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia. It is on the Oka River. It is about east of Moscow and west of Nizhny Novgorod. Population: 

It was previously known as Rastyapino (until 1929).

It was first mentioned in 1606 as Rastyapino (). It is now named after Felix Dzerzhinsky. Dzerzhinsky was a Bolshevik leader who was the first leader of the Soviet Cheka (secret police).

Dzerzhinsk is a large center of the Russian chemical production industry. In the past, the city was also one of Russia's main areas for the making of chemical weapons. Because of its strategic importance, the city was, until recently, officially closed to foreign visitors.

The making of chemical weapons started in 1941. It was mainly focused on the making of lewisite and yperite (mustard gas). The factory producing these substances was named the "Kaprolactam" (or "Caprolaktam") Organic Glass Factory. It also made prussic acid and phosgene.

The making of chemical weapons at Dzerzhinsk stopped in 1965. Some materials were moved to storage areas. Lots of waste material was buried in dumps at the site of the factory. The yperite facility was destroyed in 1994. As of 1998, the lewisite production area was still not completely destroyed.

, Dzerzhinsk had 38 large industrial enterprises, which export their goods worldwide. About one thousand types of chemical products are made in Dzerzhinsk.


Dzerzhinsk is twinned with:



National University of the Litoral

The National University of Litoral (, UNL) is a public university in Argentina. It is based in Santa Fe, the capital of Santa Fe Province.

The university is the result of great works by governors and legislators of the province and the mobilization of students and all the citizens of Santa Fe. It was born as a regional university, since it included schools and institutes located in the cities of Santa Fe, Paraná, Rosario and Corrientes. Their creation had novel features because it included Faculties and schools located in different cities of the region.

The first Faculties were Law and Industrial and Agricultural Chemistry.
It was established as the "Universidad Provincial de Santa Fe" (Provincial University of Santa Fe) in 1889. The Argentine university reform of 1918 brought modernization and democratization to higher education in Argentina. The university was made the following year by a national law signed on October 17. They becane the first regional university in the country, with influence over the Argentine Littoral (Santa Fe and the Mesopotamic provinces of Entre Ríos and Corrientes).

Novomoskovsk, Russia

Novomoskovsk () is a city and the administrative center (capital city) of Novomoskovsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia. It is at the source of the Don and Shat Rivers. Population: 143,000 (1974); 107,000 (1959); 76,000 (1939).

The city was first the family manor of Counts Bobrinsky in the 18th century. They industrialized the city near the end of the 19th century. The city was first known as Bobriki () and was officially established in 1930. It became a coal (lignite) mining center during the Soviet period. In 1933, it was renamed Stalinogorsk (). During World War II, the city was occupied by the German Army from November 22, 1941 to December 11, 1941. In 1961, it was given its current name. The city was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labor on January 14, 1971.

Novomoskovsk is twinned with:


Boundary value problem

In mathematics, a boundary value problem is a problem to solve a set of differential equations. In addition, there are a set of constraints which are called the boundary constraints. A solution must both solve the differential equations, and the boundary constraints. 

Boundary value problems are common in many fields of science. 

Boundary value problems can be found in several branches of physics as any physical differential equation will have them. Problems involving the wave equation, for example the determination of normal modes, are often stated as boundary value problems. A large class of important boundary value problems are the Sturm–Liouville problems. The analysis of these problems involves the eigenfunctions of a differential operator.

To be useful in applications, a boundary value problem should be well posed. This means that given the input to the problem there exists a unique solution, which depends continuously on the input. Much theoretical work in the field of partial differential equations is devoted to proving that boundary value problems arising from scientific and engineering applications are in fact well-posed.

Among the earliest boundary value problems to be studied is the Dirichlet problem, of finding the harmonic functions (solutions to Laplace's equation); the solution was given by the Dirichlet's principle.

Novomoskovsk

Novomoskovsk may refer to:


Bruce Lee, the Man and the Legend

Bruce Lee, the Man and the Legend is a 1973 Hong Kong documentary, produced by Raymond Chow (Golden Harvest) and Linda Lee Cadwell (Concorn Productions Ltd.) starring Bruce Lee (archive footage). A follow-up/reworking of this documentary was released in 1984 under the title "Bruce Lee - The Legend".
First trailer of "The Game of Death" within the documentary where some exclusive fragments were shown.

Ace of Spades (song)

"Ace of Spades" is a 1980 song by British heavy metal band Motörhead and taken from their fourth studio album of the same name. It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom in 1980 and number 9 in the United Kingdom in 2016 following Lemmy's death from prostate cancer.

"Ace of Spades" was recorded live in 1988 by British heavy metal band Motörhead and was taken from their live album "No Sleep at All".

Four-leaf clover

The four-leaf clover is a rare variation of the common three-leaf clover. According to traditional sayings, these clovers bring good luck, though it is not clear when or how this idea began. One early mention of "Fower-leafed or purple grasse" is from 1640 and says that it was kept in gardens because it was "good for the purples (Purpura) in children or others".

Shout (Tears for Fears song)

"Shout" is a 1984 song by British new wave band Tears for Fears. It is the second single from their second studio album "Songs from the Big Chair". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Switzerland, and the United States. It went to number 2 in Italy and South Africa. It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by American metal band Disturbed in 2000.

7-inch: Mercury / IDEA8 (United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa) / 880 294-7 (Australia, Europe) / SOV 2351 (Canada)10-inch: Mercury / IDEA810 (United Kingdom)

7-inch: Mercury / 880 481-7Q (Germany) / 7PP-167 (Japan)

7-inch: Mercury / 880 294-7 (United States)

12-inch: Mercury / IDEA812 (United Kingdom) / 880 294-1 (Australia, Europe) / SOVX 2351 (Canada) / MIX 3080 (Mexico)

12-inch: Mercury / 880 929-1 (United States)

CDV: Mercury / 080 064-2 (United Kingdom)

Eat the Rich (Motörhead song)

"Eat the Rich" is a 1987 song by British heavy metal band Motörhead and taken from their seventh studio album "Rock 'n' Roll". The title song was written for the 1987 movie "Eat the Rich".

All tracks written by Lemmy, Würzel, Phil Campbell, Phil Taylor



I Wanna Be Adored

"I Wanna Be Adored" is a 1989 song by British indie rock band The Stone Roses and is the first track from their debut studio album "The Stone Roses". It went to number 20 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in Ireland and number 141 in Australia.

12-inch vinyl (Silvertone 1301-1-JD) Cassette (Silvertone 1301-4-JS) CD (Silvertone 1301-2-JD)

7-inch vinyl (Silvertone ORE 31) Cassette (Silvertone ORE C 31)

12-inch vinyl (Silvertone ORE T 31)

CD (Silvertone ORE CD 31)

CD (Silvertone/Alfa ALCB-392)

Dancing in the City

"Dancing in the City" is a 1978 song by Marshall Hain and taken their album "Free Ride". It went to number 1 in Germany and South Africa, number 3 in Australia and the United Kingdom, number 4 in Switzerland, number 6 in Austria and number 7 in Belgium, the Netherlands and Sweden.

Difference of two squares

In mathematics, the difference of two squares is a squared (multiplied by itself) number subtracted from another squared number. Every difference of squares may be factored according to the identity
in elementary algebra.

Starting from the left-hand side, use the distributive law to get
By the commutative law, the middle two terms cancel:
leaving

The result is one of the most commonly used identities in mathematics. Among other many uses, it gives simple proof of the AM–GM inequality in two variables.

The proof holds in any commutative ring.

However, if this identity holds in a ring "R" for all pairs of elements "a" and "b". This means "R" is commutative. To see this, use the distributive law on the right-hand side of the equation and get
For this equation to be equal to formula_6, we must have
for all pairs "a", and "b". So that "R" is commutative.

Substitute (The Righteous Brothers song)

"Substitute" is a 1975 song by The Righteous Brothers and the better known version is the 1978 song by South African all girl group Clout. It went to number 1 in Germany, Ireland, New Zealand and South Africa, number 2 in Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, number 10 in Austria and number 12 in Australia.

Parkman, Maine

Parkman is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Sangerville, Maine

Sangerville is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Sebec, Maine

Sebec is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Shirley, Maine

Shirley is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Wellington, Maine

Wellington is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Willimantic, Maine

Willimantic is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States.

Arrowsic, Maine

Arrowsic is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Bowdoin, Maine

Bowdoin is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Bowdoinham, Maine

Bowdoinham is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Georgetown, Maine

Georgetown is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Phippsburg, Maine

Phippsburg is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Richmond, Maine

Richmond is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

West Bath, Maine

West Bath is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Woolwich, Maine

Woolwich is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.

Athens, Maine

Athens is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Irv Robbins

Irv Robbins was the brother-in-law of Burt Baskin. He owned Burt’s Ice Cream Shop. He was the owner of Snowbird Ice Cream. The two brothers-in-law merged their companies in 1953 to create Baskin-Robbins.

Vanilla ice cream

Vanilla is a common flavor in ice cream, especially in North America and other countries. Vanilla ice cream was originally made by cooling a mixture of cream, sugar, and vanilla above a container of ice and salt. The type of vanilla used to give the flavour to the ice cream depends by places. In North America and parts of Europe, people are interested in a more smoky flavor, while in Ireland, a anise flavor is used. To create the smooth texture of ice cream, the mixture is stirred many times and then goes back to the container of ice and salt to continue the process. Many people often consider vanilla to be the normal flavor of ice cream.

Wafer

A wafer is a crisp, thin, flat, light and dry biscuit; usually flavoured or eaten with a layer of flavoured cream between another layer of wafers.

Badlands (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Badlands" is a 1978 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the lead track from his fourth studio album "Darkness on the Edge of Town" and is the second single. It did poorly in the chart in the United States where it made #42. It went on to be a classic rock staple.

Xiaomi Mi 1

Xiaomi Mi1 is a high-end, Android smartphone produced by Xiaomi. Mi1 uses a Qualcomm Snapdragon S3 dual core, 1.5 GHz as its CPU and an Adreno 220 as its GPU. The device is sold at a price of ¥1999 ($13) in the beginning. When it was released, the device received 300,000+ pre-orders in the first 34 hours.

On 20 December 2011, the company announced a partnership with Chinese telco China Unicom. The plan was to offer one million custom Mi1 models at ¥2699 ($18) at Unicom stores on various two to three-year term contracts.

The casing of the Xiaomi Mi1 is mostly made from plastic, with SIM card slots located inside. The microUSB port is located at the bottom of the device with the audio jack located at the top of the device. The volume keys were located on the right side of device meanwhile the power key was located at the top of the device. Near the top of the device are a front-facing camera and proximity sensors. The device is widely available in white, pink, blue, yellow, purple and grey color finishes. The device's display is a 4-inch, TFT fingertip touchscreen with a resolution of ~245ppi.

The model is one of two different versions of the Xiaomi Mi1 Xiaomi created before creating the Xiaomi Mi2. The device comes a 1930mAh battery.

The Xiaomi Mi1 ships with Android and Xiaomi's MIUI user experience.

Updates for the Xiaomi Mi1 is available in three channels: stable, developer and daily. New stable builds are usually available every month with major changes between each update, new developer builds are usually available every week with small but sometimes large features added between each update and new beta builds are usually available every Wednesdays and usually only contain small fixes and optimizations. Beta builds are only available to some beta testers selected on MIUI's community forums. To update between versions, users usually use an over-the-air updater application.

John Lilipaly

Johan Jehosefat "John" Lilipaly (2 June 1943 – October 2022) was a Dutch politician. As a member of the PvdA he served for almost twelfe years at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands He was the first member of parliament from he PvdA for almost twelve years. He was the first Dutch MP of Maluku Islands descent.

Lilipaly was born in Ihamahu, Saparua, Dutch East Indies. Initially he worked as a primary school teacher in the Netherlands in West-Souburg and Middelburg. As a footballer, he played in the Dutch amateur team in that era.

After being a member of the member of the Political Party of Radicals he became a PvdA member in 1985. In 1986 he became an elected member in the House of Representatives. As a Member of Parliament, he mainly worked for ethnic minorities and for the improvement of water quality.

John Lilipaly was the father of former television presenter Carolijn Lilipaly.

Lilypaly had Alzheimer. He died in October 2022 at the age of 79.

Barndarrig

Barndarrig is a place in Ireland. It is close to Arklow and Wicklow town. It is in county Wicklow.

Douglas Aircraft Company

The Douglas Aircraft Company was an American company based in Southern California. The company made aircraft and defense items. It was founded in 1921 by Donald Wills Douglas Sr. and was later merged with McDonnell Aircraft in 1967 to form McDonnell Douglas. In 1997, McDonnell Douglas merged with Boeing.

2022 Chicago Bears season

The 2022 season was the Chicago Bears' 103rd season in the National Football League, and their first season under the head coach Matt Eberflus.

The Bears' 2022 schedule was announced on May 12.

Ordinary Day (Vanessa Carlton song)

"Ordinary Day" is a 2002 song by Vanessa Carlton and is the second single from her debut studio album "Be Not Nobody". It went to number 5 in Belgium, number 17 in New Zealand, number 30 in the United States and number 48 in Australia. It is the follow up to her smash hit "A Thousand Miles".

Discovery (Electric Light Orchestra album)

Discovery is the eighth studio album by Electric Light Orchestra and released on 1 June, 1979 through Jet Records. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Norway and Australia and number 2 in France, New Zealand and Sweden, number 3 in Austria, Canada and the Netherlands and number 5 in the United States.

All tracks composed by Jeff Lynne, except "Little Town Flirt" written by Maron McKenzie and Del Shannon.

Notes

Always the Sun

"Always the Sun" is a 1986 song by English rock band The Stranglers and taken from their 9th studio album "Dreamtime" and was remixed in 1990. It went to number 15 in France, number 16 in Ireland, number 21 in Australia and number 30 in the United States.






2013–14 Austrian Cup

The 2013–14 Austrian Cup was the 80th season of Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FC Pasching were the defending champion.

Kamran Akmal

Kamran Akmal ( born 13 January 1982) is a Pakistani international cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman & wicketkeeper. 

He started his international career in November 2002 at Harare Sports Club.He has achieved 6 centuries in Test cricket. He scored seven international hundreds within the space of 6 months. He then scored an international hundred in the Bangladeshi tour of Pakistan in 2008. He later moved to have some injuries and did not play for some days but later he was again brought into the team.

Akmal was part of the Pakistan team that won the T20 World Cup in 2009. He was notable for his quick stumpings, dismissing 4 batsmen in one match against Netherlands.

Duran Duran: A Hollywood High

Duran Duran: A Hollywood High is a English musical concert movie directed by Gavin Elder. It stars new wave English band Duran Duran's member Simon Le Bon, Nick Rhodes, John Taylor and Roger Taylor.


Agirda

Agirda (; ) is a village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus. It is under the de facto control of Northern Cyprus. Its population in 2011 was 745.

Districts of Cyprus

Cyprus is divided into six districts (; ). Their capitals share the same name. The districts are subdivided into municipalities and communities. The districts of Cyprus are listed in the table below.
Note: Northern Cyprus-controlled lands are included in the area figures, but population was not enumerated there. The UN Buffer Zone is included in both population and area figures. Akrotiri and Dhekelia are not included in the area figures, but non-military Cypriot citizens living there were enumerated.



Ananda Marga

Ananda Marga (Path of Bliss) is a spiritual philosophy and set of practices to incorporate into one's life, as one sees fit. Ananda Marga Pracaraka Samgha (Society for the Propagation of the Path of Bliss) is a society and organization based on it. It was founded in Bihar, India in 1955 by Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar (1921-1990). His spiritual name is Shrii Shrii Anandamurti. The movement defines its mission as service to all and individual self-realization. Each human being can express their spiritual, mental and physical potentialities through development in those spheres, and a disciplined way of life helps in this regard. As a religion Ananda Marga is usually classified within the new religious movements as originating in the Hindu traditions. It's 16 points are practices one can adopt. Tantra and Yoga is a important part.


Nocebo

A nocebo effect is said to happen when bad expectations of the patient with a treatment cause it to have a more negative effect than it otherwise would have.

Sudha Murty

Sudha Murty (' Kulkarni; born 19 August 1950) is an Indian educator, writer and philanthropist. She is the chairperson of the Infosys Foundation. She is married to the co-founder of Infosys, N. R. Narayana Murthy. 

Murty was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in India, for social work by the Government of India in 2006.

She is the mother of Akshata Murty, the wife of Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak.

Mews

A mews is a row or courtyard of stables and carriage houses with living spaces above them, built behind large city houses. The word mews comes from the Royal Mews in London, England.

X-Seed 4000

X-Seed 4000 is a visionary megatall skyscraper.

Its proposed 4 km height, 6 km wide sea-base, and 800 floors capacity that could fit 500,000 to 1,000,000 people. This structure would have been made using 3 billion kilograms of steel.
It was designed for Tokyo, Japan. The design was made by the Taisei Corporation in 1995. It was designed as a future-like environment combining ultra-modern and technological living and interaction with wildlife and nature. Methods of transportation within the X-seed would most likely include MagLev trains.

"The X-Seed 4000 'is never meant to be built'." says Georges Binder, managing director of Buildings & Data, a firm which compiles data banks on buildings worldwide. "The purpose of the plan was to earn some identification for the firm, and it worked."
Unlike other skyscrapers, the X-Seed 4000 would be forced to protect its occupants from large internal/external air pressure effects and weather rising that its great elevation would cause. Its design calls for the use of solar power to keep internal environmental conditions. 
As the proposed site for the structure is located in the Pacific Ring of Fire, the most active volcano range in the world, the X-Seed 4000 would be weak to earthquakes and tsunamis.

A sea-based location and a Mount Fuji shape is some of this building's other major design features. The real Mount Fuji is land-based and is 3,776 metres in height. This is 224 metres shorter than the X-Seed 4000.

X-Seed 4000 is planned to be twice the height of the Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid at 2,004 metres. 

The Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid for Tokyo was proposed in 2007. This plan also faces most of the same problems as X-Seed 4000.

Others that may be in the top 5 man-made structures are: 

South Kensington

South Kensington is a district just west of Central London in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. The area has many museums and cultural landmarks. It is nearby Knightsbridge, Chelsea and Kensington.

British Indians

British Indians are citizens of the United Kingdom who are of Indian descent. That includes people born in the UK who are of Indian origin and Indians who have migrated to the UK. Indians now make up about 1.4 million people in the UK and so they are the country's single largest visible ethnic minority population.

Orbit of the Moon

The Moon takes 27.3 days (3.9 weeks) to orbit around the Earth. One side of the Moon faces the Earth at all times, so the moon is tidally locked to Earth.

The phases of the Moon come from the position of the Moon relative to the Earth and Sun. If the Moon and Sun are on opposite sides of the Earth, there is a full moon. If they are on the same side of Earth, there is a new moon.

The Moon makes one circle around Earth, called the "sidereal month", in 27.3 days. But in this time, the Earth continues to move forward, so the Moon will be in a different place relative to the Sun, and the phase of the Moon will be different. To reach the same phase, the Moon must travel a bit farther. The time for the Moon to reach the same phase, called the "synodic month", is 29.5 days.

Richmond (Yorks) (UK Parliament constituency)

Richmond (Yorks) is a constituency of the UK Parliament in North Yorkshire. Since May 2015 it has been represented by Rishi Sunak. Sunak is the current leader of the Conservative Party, and the current Prime Minister. Sunak replaced William Hague, who also served as Conservative Party leader. Hague was leader between 1997 and 2001. He was also Leader of the Opposition when Tony Blair was Prime Minister. Before Hague, Leon Brittan represented the constituency.

Cauca tree frog

The Cauca tree frog ("Hyloscirtus caucanus") is a frog. It lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 2400 and 2720 meters above sea level.

United Nations Human Rights Committee

The United Nations Human Rights Committee is a treaty body made of 18 experts, created by a 1966 human rights treaty, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR). 

The Committee meets for three four-week sessions per year to talk about reports given to the 173 States parties to the ICCPR. The Committee is one of ten UN human rights treaty bodies, each responsible for supporting human rights.

Diadema, São Paulo

Diadema (, uncommonly , "Diadem") is a municipality in São Paulo state, Brazil. It is distant from São Paulo's central point. The population is 426,757 since 2020 with an area of . 

Lula da Silva 2022 presidential campaign

The Lula 2022 presidential campaign became official on 21 July 2022 in São Paulo when former President of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva announced his candidacy for the 2022 election. 

Lula da Silva's running mate is former Governor of São Paulo Geraldo Alckmin. 

Lula da Silva was first elected in 2002 for the first term and re-elected in 2006 for the second term.

His campaign has been supported by former Presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso and Dilma Rousseff, former 2022 candidates Ciro Gomes and Simone Tebet, Mayor of Rio de Janeiro Eduardo Paes and former Senator Marina Silva.

Lulism

Lulism is a political ideology that supports social movements and the Workers' Party led by President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. Lulism supports reforms about poverty in Brazil.

While supporting socialism, Lulism is more of a social democratic movement that wants to close the gaps between the rich and the poor in a market way.

Nuclear program of Iran

The nuclear program of Iran is a current scientific mission by Iran to research nuclear technology that can be used to make nuclear weapons. Iran has many research sites, two uranium mines, a research reactor, and uranium processing factories, such as three uranium enrichment plants.

Iran's nuclear program was created in the 1950s with the help of the United States and in 1970, Iran ratified the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).

The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action was adopted in 2015 by members of the Permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, which focused on Iran's nuclear program.

Permanent members of the United Nations Security Council

The permanent members of the United Nations Security Council (also known as the Permanent Five, Big Five, or P5) are the five sovereign states to whom the UN Charter of 1945 grants a permanent seat on the UN Security Council: China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

The permanent members were all allies in World War II and are all countries with nuclear weapons.

Bolsa Família

Bolsa Família (, "Family Allowance") was a social welfare program of the Government of Brazil. Bolsa Família gave financial aid to poor Brazilian families. To be able to benefit from this program, families had to make sure that their children went to school and got vaccinated. 

The program tried to lower both the short-term poverty by direct cash transfers and fight long-term poverty by increasing human capital through conditional cash transfers. 

It also worked to give free education to children who couldn't afford to go to school, to show the importance of education.

In 2008, "The Economist" said that Bolsa Família was an "anti-poverty scheme in Latin America [which] is winning [supporters] worldwide." The program was an important policy of former president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's social programs, which many saw the reason for his re-election in 2006. Bolsa Família was the largest conditional cash transfer program in the world.

A study by the UNDP Poverty Centre found that over 80% of the Bolsa Familia benefits went to families in poverty (making under half the minimum wage per capita), making most of the benefits going to the poor.

2006 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on 1 October 2006 to elect the president, National Congress and state governors, with a second round of the presidential election on 29 October as no candidate received more than 50% of the vote in the first round.

Then-President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva was running for re-election against São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin.

Though Lula was expected to win in the first round with a large majority, the President only won 48.7% to Alckmin's 41.6%, causing a second round of voting. Despite becoming popular because of his Bolsa Família program, Lula da Silva's popularity shrank because of the scandal "Dossiergate" which involved his party's leadership. This allowed Alckmin to increase his popularity in the polls in the weeks before the runoff. However, Lula won in a landslide in the second round with 60.83%, with Alckmin winning 39.17%, a lower vote percentage than he did in the first round. 

2010 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on 3 October 2010 to elect the president, National Congress and state governors. As no presidential candidate received more than 50% in the first round of voting, a second round was held on 31 October to choose Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's replacement as President of Brazil. Lula da Silva had already served two terms after winning the elections in 2002 and being re-elected in 2006.

With the support of Lula, the Workers' Party (PT) nominated Dilma Rousseff, a former member and co-founder of the Democratic Labour Party. For her vice presidential running mate, Dilma chose Michel Temer, a member of the centre-right Brazilian Democratic Movement, who was President of the Chamber of Deputies.

The centre-right Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) nominated José Serra, who resigned as Governor of São Paulo to run for president. He had been the presidential nominee of his party in 2002. For his vice presidential running mate, Serra chose Indio da Costa, a conservative Federal Deputy.

Marina Silva, a Senator from the northwestern state of Acre and former Minister of the Environment under Lula, left the PT to run for president as a member of the Green Party. Silva, became popular with younger voters and won almost 20% of the vote in the first round.
The main three candidates were:
In the first round, Dilma won 47% of the vote, Serra 33% and Silva 19%. Dilma went on to beat Serra in the second round, becoming the first female President of Brazil. Dilma won 56.05% of the vote against Serra's 43.95% of the vote.

2014 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on 5 October 2014 to elect the president, the National Congress, and state governorships. As no candidate in the presidential election received more than 50% of the vote in the first round on 5 October 2014, a second-round runoff was held on 26 October 2014. President Dilma Rousseff was running for re-election.

Rousseff's main opponent was Aécio Neves, a Senator from state of Minas Gerais, entered the race as the candidate of the centre-right Brazilian Social Democracy Party.

In the first round of voting Dilma Rousseff won 41.6% of the vote, ahead of Aécio Neves with 33.6% and Marina Silva with 21.3%. In the second round, Rousseff won with 51.6% to Neves' 48.4%, the closest margin for a Brazilian presidential election since 1989.

Aécio Neves

Aécio Neves da Cunha (; born 10 March 1960) is a Brazilian economist, politician and former president of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB). He was the 17th Governor of Minas Gerais from 1 January 2003 to 31 March 2010. He is a member of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies. He lost in the runoff presidential election against Dilma Rousseff in 2014.

2002 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on 6 October 2002, with a second round of the presidential election on 27 October. The elections were held during an economic crisis that began under the second term of President Fernando Henrique Cardoso.

Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of the Workers' Party (PT), a former labor leader and federal deputy for São Paulo, ran for president for a fourth time. Lula had lost 1989, 1994, and 1998 presidential elections. Lula chose José Alencar, a millionaire businessman and Senator from Minas Gerais as his running mate.

Former Minister of Health José Serra was nominated as the Brazilian Social Democracy Party presidential nominee. Rita Camata, a federal deputy for Espírito Santo and member of the centrist Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), was chosen as his running mate. 

In the first round, Lula came in first place, winning 46.44% of the vote against Serra's 23.20%. In the second round, Lula would beat Serra by a landslide, winning every state except for Alagoas. Lula da Silva won 61.27% of the vote against Serra's 38.78%.

Saerom Animation

Saerom Animation, Inc () is an animation studio located in Seoul, South Korea. It was founded in 1987 by Kil Whan Kim. While it has been animating shows from US animation studios, the company has started making their cartoons from 2003.


Saerom also created these cartoons which were made for Korean audiences.



Fome Zero

Fome Zero (, "Zero Hunger") is a program of the Government of Brazil created by President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in 2003, with the goal to end hunger and extreme poverty in Brazil.

The program had many forms, from direct financial aid to the poorest families (with the "Bolsa Família" card) to creating water cisterns in Brazil's semi-arid areas to support family farming and giving access to microcredit.

An economic evaluation of Bolsa Escola did find significant effects on both school attendance rates and the number of children involved in child labor.

Mensalão scandal

The Mensalão scandal (, ) was a major parliamentary scandal by Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's administration. It threatened to bring down his government in 2005.

The scandal broke on June 6, 2005 when Brazilian deputy Roberto Jefferson (Brazilian Labour Party) told the "Folha de S.Paulo" newspaper that the Workers' Party (PT) had paid a many deputies 30,000 reais (around US$12,000 at the time) a month to vote for legislation supported by the party. 

The investigation then found members of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party, Democrats, Brazilian Democratic Movement Party and seven other political parties were also involved. The scandal, however, did not hurt Lula da Silva's popularity as much as he was re-elected in 2006 in a landslide victory. 

1998 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on 4 October 1998 to elect the President, National Congress and state governorships. The election saw voting machines used for the first time in Brazilian history. President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of the centre-right Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB) and Vice President Marco Maciel of the conservative Liberal Front Party (PFL) were running for re-election.

Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of the Workers' Party (PT), a former labor leader and federal deputy, ran for the presidency for a third time. Lula had previously run for the presidency in both 1989, where he lost to Fernando Collor, and 1994, where he lost to Cardoso. Lula chose Leonel Brizola of the Democratic Labour Party (PDT) as his running mate.

Ciro Gomes, a populist who was Governor of Ceará and as Minister of Finance during the Itamar Franco administration, also ran for president. He ran as a member of the centre-left Popular Socialist Party (PPS).

Cardoso won reelection with an absolute majority in the first round winning 53.06% of the vote against Lula's 31.71% and Gomes's 10.97%. Cardoso became the first Brazilian president since the fall of the military dictatorship to be re-elected.

Military dictatorship in Brazil

The military dictatorship in Brazil () was created on 1 April 1964, after a coup d'état by the Brazilian Armed Forces, with support from the United States government against President João Goulart. 

The Brazilian dictatorship lasted for 21 years, until 15 March 1985. The military coup was led by José de Magalhães Pinto, Adhemar de Barros, and Carlos Lacerda, then governors of the states of Minas Gerais, São Paulo, and Guanabara.

The coup was planned and started by commanders of the Brazilian Army and had the support of almost all high-ranking members of the military, along with the Catholic Church and anti-communists. It was supported by the State Department of the United States through its embassy in Brasilia.

The dictatorship censored all media, and tortured and exiled dissidents (person who challenges doctrines actively). João Figueiredo became president in March 1979; in the same year he passed the Amnesty Law for political crimes committed for and against the regime. 

Brazil's military government was a model for other military governments in South America and Latin America. In 2014, nearly 30 years after the regime fell, the Brazilian military recognized for the first time the torture and murder of political dissidents. In May 2018, the United States government released a memorandum, written by Henry Kissinger, confirming that the leadership of the Brazilian military regime was fully aware of the killing of dissidents. It is said that 434 people were either confirmed killed or went missing and 20,000 people were tortured during the military dictatorship in Brazil. 

President João Figueiredo eventually pushed the country back to democracy and supported the transfer of power to civilian rule. In 1981 the Congress enacted a law on restoration of direct elections of state governors. Tancredo Neves was elected by an electoral college to replace Figueiredo in 1984.


1994 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on October 3, 1994. President Fernando Collor of the centre-right National Reconstruction Party (PRN) had resigned during an impeachment trial, causing Vice President Itamar Franco to replace him. 

Minister of Finance Fernando Henrique Cardoso, was chosen by the PSDB as their presidential candidate with Chief of Staff Marco Maciel of the Liberal Front Party (PFL) as the running mate.

Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, a former labor leader and federal deputy for São Paulo who had narrowly lost the 1989 presidential election, resigned as president of the Workers' Party (PT) to run for a second presidential candidacy. 

On election day, Cardoso won by an absolute majority, winning 54.28% of the vote. Cardoso won every state in the northeast. Lula da Silva won 27.04% of the vote. Far-right cardiologist Enéas Carneiro came in third, winning 7.38% of the vote.

Free Association of Austrian Amateur Football Clubs

The Freie Vereinigung der Amateur-Fußballvereine Österreichs (VAFÖ) (Free Association of Austrian Amateur Football Clubs) was an Austrian football association. It existed from July 1926 to October 1936. It saw itself as the governing body for all Austrian workers' sports clubs. It was made directly from the Austrian Football Association (ÖFV). They had its own selection team. The team represented Austria in international workers' sports tournaments. 
After the First World War, the workers' sports clubs, workers' cyclists and nature lovers came together in 1919 to form the "Association of Workers' and Soldiers' Sports Clubs" (VAS), which in 1924 was renamed the "Workers' Federation for Sports and Physical Culture in Austria" (ASKÖ). Only the workers' footballers remained in the non-partisan Austrian Football Association (ÖFV) until 1926. From 1921 onward there were two interest groups within the ÖFV, the social-democratic “Free Association” and the bourgeois “Protection Association”.

There was a split over the question of whether the association should send a team to the first Workers' Olympics. The Free Association left the ÖFV and formed on 7 March 1926 the "Freie Vereinigung der Amateur-Fußballvereine Österreichs" (VAFÖ) . On July 1st the VAFÖ went one step further. It was decided to liquidate the association with the bourgeoisie and joined the ASKÖ. The other teams formed the "Allgemeinen Österreichischen Fußball-Bund" (AÖFB).

The VAFÖ then focused on the promotion of workers' football on an amateur base. They played own championships and cup competitions. They also formed an amateur selection. It represented Austria with great success in international workers' tournaments (Olympic champion 1931, European champion 1933). In 1927 the VAFÖ had 403 clubs with around 10.000 members.

Due to the poor economic situation, many players went to professional clubs in the early 1930s. After the Austrian Civil War in 1934 and the ban of the Social Democratic Party most of the VAFÖ teams were forced to the AÖFB. The football association existed till 1936 but had no influence.

Meister der VAFÖ-Liga:

1989 Brazilian presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Brazil in 1989. The first round was on November 15 and the second round on December 17. They were the first direct presidential elections since 1960. They were the first elections using a two-round system and the first under the 1988 constitution. This was the first democratic election since the fall of the military dictatorship.

President José Sarney of the Brazilian Democratic Movement (PMDB), the MBD's successor, was ineligible to run. Popular Governor of Alagoas Fernando Collor de Mello resigned as governor to run for president. His television campaign ads made him from a dark horse candidate to a front-runner presidential candidate. Collor chose Senator Itamar Franco as his running mate.

Popular labor leader and member of the Chamber of Deputies Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, known as Lula, ran as a progressive left-wing political candidate. Lula was widely known in Brazil for his role leading the highly publicized metalworkers' strike during the late 1970s. Lula ran as a member of the Workers' Party (PT).

In the first round of voting, Collor won 30.48% of the vote against Lula's 17.19%. In the second round, Collor defeated Lula, winning 53.03% against 46.97%. Collor became the first democratically-elected President of Brazil in almost thirty years. Collor would later resign from office because of an impeachment trial.

Geely

Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd (ZGH), or just Geely , is a Chinese car company headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang. Geely was established in 1986 and entered the automotive industry in 1997. Geely Auto is currently the seventh largest automobile manufacturer in China, with 1.328 million sales in China in 2021. Globally, the group sold over 2.2 million cars in 2021. They also sell plugin electric vehicles, with 17,926 sales in January 2022. The group makes cars under the brands Geely, Geometry, Jidu, LEVC, Lotus, Lynk & Co, Maple, Polestar, Proton, Radar, Volvo, Zeekr, and Zhidou.

Fluoroantimonic acid

Fluoroantimonic acid is a mixture of hydrogen fluoride and Antimony pentafluoride.
This chemical is a superacid that can be more than 10 times stronger than pure sulfuric acid, with pH generally dependent on the ratios of hydrogen fluoride and antimony pentafluoride. It is reported to have a pH of -31.3. Extreme care must be taken when handling and storing fluoroantimonic acid; it is more than corrosive enough to dissolve ordinarily corrosion-resistant materials, including glass. It is generally stored in PTFE-coated (commonly known as Teflon) containers, as only the fluoride-carbon bonds in PTFE are strong enough to resist protonation from fluoroantimonic acid.

Damian Green

Damian Howard Green (born 17 January 1956) is a British politician. He was First Secretary of State and Minister for the Cabinet Office from June to December 2017 in the Second May government. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Ashford since 1997.

Anne van Gent

A. H. "Anne" van Gent (1 February 1926 — October 2022) was a Dutch politician of the PvdA. He was the mayor of Zevenhuizen from 1982 to 1991. He was nationally engaged in trade promotion.

Van Gent was born on 1 February 1926 as the son of Benjamin van Gent (1887-1975; teacher) and Johanna Adriana Ververs (1883-1963). He joined the city council of Waddinxveen. He became alderman from 1973. He was responsible for Education and Sports Affairs. For the 1982 council elections he participated as party leader. Advertisements were even made with the help of an advertising plane with a slogan to vote Anne van Gent. A day after the elections it was announced he was appointed mayor of Zevenhuizen. He stopped as an alderman, but it became a national news item that Van Gent, combined his position as a councilor in Waddinxveen with the mayorship in Zevenhuizen until September of that year. Nowadays that wouldn’t be allowed.

In 1991 Zevenhuizen merged with the municipality of Moerkapelle. After nine years this ended his mayorship. He moved back to Waddinxveen.

In 2019 he moved to Gouda. He died in his sleep in Gouda in October 2022, aged 96.


Nelson Shin

Shin Neung-kyun (born 1939), also known as Nelson Shin, is an animation director. He is the founder and president of Akom Production Co., Ltd., in Seoul, South Korea. He founded Akom in 1985.

In the 1970s, Shin worked as an animator at the DePatie–Freleng Enterprises and Marvel Productions. This is where he worked on the "Pink Panther" films and "Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends". While at DFE, he also helped the animation of the lightsaber blades in the original "Star Wars".

Much of the animation Shin's studio has produced were for American television series. Some of Akom's credits are: "Beavis and Butt-Head", "The Simpsons", "", "", "Invasion America" and "Arthur". Shin's most well-known accomplishment is his direction of the television series "The Transformers" and "". Shin also directed the first season of the Canadian animated TV series, "Toad Patrol".

Beginning in 1999, Shin worked on the animated feature film "Empress Chung". The movie was largely animated in North Korea. In August 2005 it became the first movie ever to open in North and South Korea.

In 2009, he was elected president of the International Animated Film Association. It was a post he held through 2012.


List of programs broadcast by CMT

The following is a list of programs currently and formerly broadcast on CMT as of May 2021.






Alfred Newman

Alfred Newman (March 17, 1900 – February 17, 1970) is an American composer, arranger and conductor of film music.

Newman was born in New Haven, Connecticut to Russian-Jewish parents who emigrated shortly before his birth.

Soon after Newman arrived in Hollywood in 1930 and finished directing the score for "Reaching for the Moon", producer Samuel Goldwyn offered him a contract to continue on as a movie composer.

Newman died on February 17, 1970 at the age of 69, a month shy of his 70th birthday, at his home in Hollywood, from complications of emphysema.

During his career, Newman was regarded as one of the most important, most influential and most respected in the history of film music.

Between 1930 and 1970, Alfred Newman wrote music for over 200 films of every imaginable type, including a score for the newsreel made from the World War II footage of the Battle of Midway.

He married Martha Louise Montgomery, a former actress and have five children, David Newman, Thomas Newman and Maria Newman.


Anti-imperialism

Anti-imperialism is a nationalist movement by people either wanting to be exempt from a country or to stop the countries expansion. They are opposed to imperialism and colonialism. The Spanish–American War is an example of an anti-imperialist war.

Counting Crows

Counting Crows is an American rock band from San Francisco, California.

Counting Crows' influences include R.E.M., T Bone Burnett, Van Morrison, Bob Dylan, Mary Margaret O'Hara, Soul Asylum, Tim Buckley, U2, Victoria Williams, Robbie Robertson, The Band, American Music Club, Bruce Springsteen, Paul Simon, The Beatles, Tom Petty and Vic Chesnutt.



Marc Quinn

Marc Quinn (born 8 January 1964) is a British contemporary visual artist. His works explores the humans body and nature. They include sculpture, installation, and painting. Quinn uses materials like blood, bread and flowers, marble and stainless steel. The artist was a notable member of the generation of the Young British Artists.

His best known works include "Self" (started in 1991), a self-portrait made in his own blood and continually renovated, and "Alison Lapper Pregnant" (2004).

Skin Deep (The Stranglers song)

"Skin Deep" is a 1984 song by English rock band The Stranglers and is the lead single from their 8th studio album "Aural Sculpture". It went to number 11 in Ireland and Australia, number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Belgium, number 19 in New Zealand and number 21 in the Netherlands.

Isoko people

The Isoko people are an ethnic group in southern Nigeria in Delta State. The Isoko people speak the Isoko language.



Oghara-Iyede

Oghara-Iyede is a village in Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria. The town has an educational institution called the Atebo Primary School.

Charlie Chan at Treasure Island

Charlie Chan at Treasure Island is a 1939 American crime movie directed by Norman Foster and starring Sidney Toler, Victor Sen Yung, Cesar Romero, Douglas Fowley, Pauline Moore, Donald MacBride, Wally Vernon, Billie Seward, Sally Byrne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Flexitarianism

A flexitarian, is a person who generally eats vegetarian, but to eat meat only in very small amounts.

David Suzuki

David Takayoshi Suzuki (born March 24, 1936) is a Canadian academic, science broadcaster, and environmental activist. He was a professor in the genetics department at the University of British Columbia from 1963 until he retired in 2001. 

Since the mid-1970s, Suzuki has made television and radio series, documentaries and books about nature and the environment. He is host and narrator of the popular and long-running CBC Television science program "The Nature of Things".

Suzuki was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 2009. 

Suzuki is an atheist.

Sunny Ofehe

Sunny Ofehe (born 1 February 1972) is a politician and an environmental rights activist in Nigeria who fights against the environmental pollution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. He comes from Oghara-Iyede.

I Want To Know What Love Is

"I Want To Know What Love Is" is a 1984 power ballad by British American band Foreigner and is the leading single from their fifth album "Agent Provocateur". It topped the charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1986. It has been covered by Tina Arena, Wynonna Judd and Mariah Carey. The Mariah Carey version topped the single charts in Brazil.

Baby Come Back (Player song)

"Baby Come Back" is a 1977 debut song by British American band Player and taken from their self titled debut studio album "Player". It went to number 1 in Canada and the United States, number 4 in New Zealand and number 9 in South Africa. It was covered by Lisa Stansfield in 1997.

Back in the Saddle

"Back in the Saddle" is a 1977 song by American hard rock band Aerosmith and was taken from their fourth studio album "Rocks". It peaked at number 38 in the United States and is a classic rock staple on radio.

Straight On

"Straight On" is a 1978 song by American hard rock band Heart and was the first single from their fourth studio album "Dog & Butterfly". It went to number 14 in Canada and number 15 in the United States. It has been played at many of Heart's concert playlist constantly since its release.

Brown (disambiguation)

Brown is a color.

Brown may also refer to:











Simon Le Bon

Simon John Charles Le Bon (born 27 October 1958) is a British singer. He is well known as the lead singer and lyricist of the new wave band Duran Duran.



East European Plain

The East European Plain (or the Russian Plain) is a vast plain in Eastern Europe, an integral part of the European Plain.

It extends from the coast of the Baltic Sea to the Ural Mountains, from the Barents and White Seas to the Black, Azov and Caspian. In the northwest it is bounded by the Scandinavian Mountains, in the southwest by the Sudetenland and other mountains of central Europe, in the southeast by the Caucasus, and in the west the Vistula River serves as the conditional boundary of the plain.

It is one of the largest plains in the world. The total length of the plain from north to south is about 2500 km, from west to east - about 2400 km.

Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Moldova are completely located on the territory of the plain, partially - Russia, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, Finland, Poland, Romania and Bulgaria.

Jagadish Chandra Bose

Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose 
(;, ; 30 November 1858 – 23 November 1937) was a biologist, physicist, botanist. He was also a writer of science fiction.


Aníbal Fernández

Aníbal Domingo Fernández (born January 9, 1957) is an Argentine politician, public accountant and lawyer affiliated and militant of the Justicialist Party, Since 2021, he has served as Argentina's Minister of Security, in the cabinet of Alberto Fernández.

He also held the positions of Secretary General of the Presidency, National Senator for the province of Buenos Aires during the period 2013-2015, Minister of the Interior and Minister of Justice, Security and Human Rights between 2002 and 2011, under the orders of three different presidents: Eduardo Duhalde, Néstor Kirchner and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.

On November 6, 2011, he became the person who remained in high-ranking public office the longest in Argentine history.

Born in Quilmes, Buenos Aires Province, Fernández received his CPA on 6 March 1982 from the Universidad Nacional de Lomas de Zamora and his law degree on 19 December 2001 from the same institution.

Ministry of Justice and Human Rights (Argentina)

The Ministry of Justice and Human Rights (; MJyDH) of Argentina is the ministry of the National Executive Power. It is in charge of helping the President and the Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers in everything related to justice.

The ministry was created in 1949. It was during the first presidency of Juan Domingo Perón. Then the ministry has been present in every presidential cabinet since then.

According to Law 22,520, its powers are “to assist the President, and the Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers in order of their powers, in relations with the Judicial power, with the Public ministry, with the Ombudsman and with the Council of the Magistrature, in the updating of national legislation, and at the request of the President of the Nation in legal advice and in the coordination of the activities of the State related to said advice, without prejudice to its own competence and technical independence. of the Procuration of the treasury of the nation…”

Miguel Ángel Pichetto

Miguel Ángel Pichetto (Born, October 24, 1950) is an Argentine lawyer and politician. He is one of the leaders of the Juntos por el Cambio coalition with former president Mauricio Macri and other leaders.

On June 11, 2019, he was confirmed as Mauricio Macri's running mate to compete in the 2019 Argentine presidential election.

Pichetto was born in Banfield, Buenos Aires.

He studied law at the Faculty of Legal and Social Sciences of the National University of La Plata. He received his law degree in 1976 at here. 
After the start of the National Reorganization Process, he settled in Sierra Grande, Río Negro province. At here he practiced in the private sphere and founded his own law firm, specializing in labor litigation.

In 1983 he obtained his first public office as a councilman in Sierra Grande. After two years, he replaced Beluz González as mayor until 1987. Between 1988 and 1993 he was a provincial legislator for Río Negro. For that province he was a congressman of the Justicialista Party from 1983 to 1991, when he was elected to preside over it until 1995.

Theo Kley

Theodorus Johannes "Theo" Kley (30 December 1936 – 15 October 2022) was a Dutch visual artist.

In 1968 Kley founded the Eksoties Kietsj Konservaatoriejum and in 1969 he was one of the founders of the Insektensekte. He worked together with the dentist-artist Max Reneman and the violinist Hub Mathijsen. Their work was photographed by Cor Jaring. In 1969, together with Roelof Kiers (VPRO) and others, he wrote the television opera "Moeder wat is er mis met deze planeet" (translanted: Moeder what's wrong with this planet). In 1971, together with Max Reneman, Robert Jasper Grootveld, Hub Mathijsen and others, he founded the "Deskundologisch Laboratorium".

In 1972, together with Guus Boissevain, Aad van der Mijn, Rudolf Stokvis and the poet Leo van der Zalm, he founded the .

Kley died in Amsterdam on 15 October 2022, aged 85.

Love and Other Bruises

"Love and Other Bruises" is a 1976 debut song by Australian soft rock duo Air Supply and taken from their debut studio album "Air Supply". It was also used for as the title track to their third studio album "Love & Other Bruises".

Rolls-Royce Motor Cars

Rolls-Royce is a British automobile maker. It has been owned by BMW AG since 2003 – as the manufacturer of Rolls-Royce-branded cars. The company's headquarters are located in West Sussex, England, United Kingdom.

The company's current vehicles includes the Rolls-Royce Phantom, saloon first offered in 2003 the smaller Ghost four-door saloon; Wraith two-door coupé; Dawn convertible; the Cullinan SUV, and the future 2023 Spectre, the first electric Rolls royce. The Rolls Royce Cars are one of the "Lakhs of Luxuries" in the world.

Oliver Dowden

Oliver James Dowden (born 1 August 1978) is a British politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom since 2023. He is also the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster since 25 October 2022 and Secretary of State in the Cabinet Office since February 2023. He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Hertsmere since 2015.

Dowden was Minister of State at the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General in the government of Boris Johnson from 24 July 2019 to 13 February 2020. He also served as Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport from 13 February 2020 to 15 September 2021. He was also the Co-chairman of the Conservative Party and Co-Minister without Portfolio, alongside Ben Elliot. He joined the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in 2019.

In April 2023 he was also named Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Dominic Raab resigned.

2023 Argentine presidential election

The 2023 Argentine presidential election are scheduled to be held in Argentina in 29 October 2023, to elect the president of Argentina, members of the national congress and the governors of most provinces. 
, the following people have declared interest or have been subjects of speculation about their potential candidacy within the previous six months.




, the following people have declared interest or have been subjects of speculation about their potential candidacy within the previous six months.

Parabuthus granulatus

Parabuthus granulatus, better known as the granulated thick-tailed scorpion, is a large species of scorpion from the drier parts of southern Africa. It can measure up to 11.5 cm, and is dark yellow to brown in colour. It has a small vesicle, but is one of the more venomous scorpion species of the region. Of all scorpion species, it causes most of the serious cases of poisoning from the animal in South Africa, and a few people die each year from their sting.

Ferenc Tóth (pilot)

Ferenc Tóth is a Hungarian glider pilot notable for winning the 2000, 2006 and 2008 FAI European Glider Aerobatic Championships.

He is pilot for Hungarian airline Wizz Air.

María Eugenia Vidal

María Eugenia Vidal (Born, September 8, 1973) is an Argentine politician and political scientist. She belongs to the Republican Proposal (PRO) party. She held the position of Deputy Head of Government of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires during the second term of Mauricio Macri. Between December 10, 2015 and December 10, 2019, she was governor of the Buenos Aires Province being the first woman in the office.

The Spanish newspaper "El País" named her "the Argentine Thatcher" after Vidal's intense confrontations with Peronist unionists during her mandate.

Vidal was born in Buenos Aires. She was raised in the Flores ward. She was enrolled in the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina. She earned a degree in political science from there. 
She met Ramiro Tagliaferro, a classmate at the university, and they married in 1998; the couple has a son and two daughters.
In 2002 he met Mauricio Macri and Grupo Sophia. Then she began to work together with them. The next year she became director of the Commission for Women, Children, Adolescents and Youth of the Legislature of the City of Buenos Aires. 

She also coordinated investigations and fieldwork and carried out the monitoring and evaluation of the City's social programs. In 2005 she ranked fifth on the Republican Proposal (PRO) list for the Chamber of Deputies of the province of Buenos Aires, but was not chosen.


Gerardo Morales

Gerardo Rubén Morales (Born, July 18, 1959) is an Argentine public accountant, teacher, and politician, current governor of the Jujuy Province.

Morales was born on July 18, 1959, the grandson of Bolivian immigrants. While some sources says that he was born in San Salvador de Jujuy, others place his birthplace in the city of Salta, capital of the neighboring province of the same name. He himself, however, has stated that he wants to be considered "jujeño". 
He completed his university studies at the National University de Jujuy (UNJu). This is where he graduated as a public accountant in the early 1980s. He also worked as a teacher at there. During this period, which saw the recovery and start of democracy in Argentina in 1983, he began his political militancy within the Purple Strip, a university group linked to the Radical Civic Union (UCR), a ruling party at the national level with Raúl Alfonsín. as president.
Morales was elected governor in 2015. Expecting protests from Milagro Sala, he requested police reinforcements to the national government. He wanted to prevent riots during the end of the year. 43 gendarmeries were sent to Jujuy, but died in a car accident at Rosario de la Frontera, in unclear circumstances. 

The "Tupac Amaru" organization denied the existence of violence in the province, and started a permanent demonstration at the Jujuy plaza. Morales accused the organizations that compose the "Tupac Amaru" of keeping the social welfare money for themselves, and distributing it only to their political supporters. To reduce their influence, he arranged that those payments should be done through bank accounts and not with cash, to keep track of the money. After a month, he urged the organizations to accept the terms and leave the plaza, or he would revoke their legal authorizations. The "Tupac Amaru" was split by this, as most organizations accepted Morales' proposal, but Sala and a reduced faction rejected it. Milagro Sala was arrested a few days later, accused of calling to riots and civil disorder.


Ekrejegbe

Ekrejegbe is a village in Ughelli South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, having boundaries with Ekakpamre. The people are mostly Christian and traditional worshippers.
One of the streets in Ekrejegbe village is called Ekrogbe Quarters.

On 17 September 1999, Ekrejegbe was among some Ughievwen communities affected by an oil spillage that resulted in a fire.

On 20 April 2018, Ekrejegbe was one of the two Ughievwen communities, where the Delta State Governor Ifeanyi Okowa performed a "ground-breaking ceremony for a 400MW combined cycle power plant".

Chloe Smith

Chloe Rebecca Smith (born 17 May 1982) is a British politician. She was Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from September 2022 to October 2022.

Smith used to be the Secretary of State for Disabled People, Work and Health from 2021 to 2022. She is a member of the Conservative Party. She became the MP for Norwich North in 2009.

Smith was elected in a 2009 by-election. This was after the resignation of Labour Party MP Ian Gibson after the MPs' expenses scandal. Smith held a number of junior ministerial positions for two terms under David Cameron and Theresa May as Secretary of the Constitutional Assembly. 

She held the latter role following Boris Johnson's victory in the 2019 Conservative Party leadership election. In February 2020, she was promoted to Minister of State during the second Johnson ministry. 

In 2021, Smith was appointed by Johnson as Minister of State for the Department for Work and Pensions. After Johnson resigned in 2022, Smith backed Liz Truss for Conservative leadership. Truss later appointed her as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.

Cristina Pérez

Cristina Alejandra Pérez (San Miguel de Tucumán, August 17, 1973) is an Argentine journalist and host. Since 2002 she hosts Telefe Noticias, together with Rodolfo Barili on Telefe and "Cristina sin vueltas" on Radio Rivadavia.

Cristina is a fan of soccer, and in particular of Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield, a club of which she is a fan. In December 2010, she separated from Jorge Pérez Bello, an executive of the Telefónica group and who was her partner for ten years.  Cristina Pérez and Gustavo Grobocopatel, a soybean businessman, had been in a relationship since 2016 and ended their relationship after just over a year. She was later in a relationship with textile entrepreneur Yoel Freue, from whom she announced her separation on April 17, 2020. 

Cristina is the sister of the journalist Lorena Pérez, who hosted the main newscast of Canal 8 Tucumán, Grupo Telefe. 

She is part of "FOPEA" (Argentine Journalism Forum), a media group.
Universal Kids

Universal Kids is a U.S. cable and satellite channel and children's public television channel affiliated with public television stations. It was launched on September 26, 2005. On Until to November 12, 2013, PBS Kids Sprout announced their new products and tv programs of the new way. It's one of PBS Kids sister channels.

On August 20, 2001, PBS announced that it had entered into a partnership with American Public Television, the cable provider Comcast and production companies Jim Henson, HiT Entertainment and Sesame Workshop to launch a 24-hour cable network aimed at preschool children. Created to “strengthen the competitive positions” of all of the parties, PBS Vice-President of digital ventures Deron Triff noted that the content would be consistent with PBS’s values and meet certain curricular objectives and have been tested for educational efficacy. On March 4, 2002, PBS, American Public Television and Comcast announced that the network would be known as PBS KIDS Sprout, one of PBS children's television channels like PBS Kids and PBS Kids Go!. The service would soft launch as a branded video on-demand (VOD) service. PBS KIDS Sprout launched its 24-hour cable channel on April 7, 2002, with a reach of around 16 million viewers across the Comcast and Insight cable systems.

On June 1, 2002, both PBS Kids and PBS KIDS Sprout together they began to produce the first educational children's programming block for Telemundo, NBCUniversal's Spanish language television network, branded as "Mi Telemundo" respectively. "Mi Telemundo" is Telemundo's very known children's programming block aimed at preschoolers and children from 7 to 12 years old that aires on Saturday and Sunday mornings and replace Telemundo Kids schedule to Wednesday mornings.

The multi-platform approach was designed to appeal to different viewing habits; the PBS KIDS Sprout channel featured dayparted programming blocks, with hosted segments such as activities, features, and promotions for supplemental content on PBS KIDS Sprout's website. To increase the variety of its schedule, Sprout did not repackage short-form series into half-hour episodes with interstitial segments, as had usually been the case for series imported for U.S. broadcast. The channel only carried advertising between programs, which were aimed towards parents and caregivers.

A high-definition simulcast launched in September 2010.

PBS acquired a 51% majority stake in its own company from General Electric in January 2011, and would assume full ownership of the company in 2013. As a result, PBS media's interest in PBS Kids Sprout was turned over to the company. Apax Partners sold HIT Entertainment to Mattel on October 24, 2011; the sale did not include HIT's stake in PBS KIDS Sprout, which was retained by Apax Partners. On July 10, 2010, both PBS Kids Sprout and PBS Kids together began to produce the second educational children's programming block for NBC, branded as "NBC Kids" respectively. The block replaced Qubo (a previous joint venture between NBCUniversal, Ion Media, Corus Entertainment, Scholastic, and Classic Media), which had been airing on NBC and Telemundo since September 2006.

In December 2012, Sesame Workshop sold its interest in PBS Kids Sprout to American Public Television. On March 19, 2013, American Public Television acquired the remaining 49% of PBS Media it did not already own, and concurrently acquired Apax's stake in PBS KIDS Sprout. American Public Television then acquired it's sister partner PBS's share in PBS KIDS Sprout on November 13, 2013, giving it full ownership. As a result, the network's operations were brought under the PBS Media Group, and the "PBS KIDS" branding is still not removed (thus officially still has its name of "PBS KIDS Sprout"). 

Under PBS Media ownership, PBS Kids Sprout began to increase its investments in original programming to better compete with Disney Junior and the Nick Jr. Channel, with a goal to double its original series output to at least 30% of its schedule by the end of 2015, and displace older and non-exclusive library content in favor of original series and acquisitions exclusive to the channel. PBS Kids Sprout programs such as The Chica Show also earned increased visibility airing on NBC as part of the NBC Kids block.

On April 7, 2015, PBS KIDS Sprout underwent a brand refresh to mark the tenth anniversary of its launch, with new on-air imaging inspired by modern technology and mobile devices, a new tiny house-inspired studio at 30 Rockefeller Plaza for its hosted morning block The Sunny Side Up Show, as well as the premiere of Nina's World—an original animated series spun off from its evening block The Good Night Show. Actress Alyssa Milano began to make appearances in interstitial segments as PBS KIDS Sprout's "Mom-bassador", with a particular focus on the channel's public service campaign "Kindness Counts".

The network's heads Paula Kerger and Sandy Wax stated that PBS KIDS Sprout also planned to experiment with more half-hour programs, and commission programming with more "complex stories" that can appeal better to older preschool audiences.


Hyloscirtus tapichalaca

The Tapichalaca tree frog ("Hyloscirtus tapichalaca") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it in one place, 2667 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 61.78 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 66.3-66.5 mm long. This frog is dark gray in color. The chest and throat are brown. The belly can be gray or black. Some frogs have white or gray marks on their sides. The mouth, toe disks, and rear end are white. The iris of the eye is brown in color.

The male frog sits on plants about 2.5 meters above the ground when he sings for the female frogs. Scientists believe the frog's young live in streams.

This frog's scientific name comes from the Tapichalaca Biological Reserve. That is where the scientists saw it.

Trinomial

Trinomials are polynomials that contain three parts called terms, which are separated by plus and minus symbols. Here is a visual example of a trinomial:

formula_1

This is a linear expression, a component that makes up linear equations.



David Oyedepo

David Olaniyi Oyedepo (born on 27 September 1954 in Oshogbo, Osun State) is a Nigerian preacher, Christian author, businessman, architect, the Founder of the Living Faith Church Worldwide, and the presiding Bishop of the Faith Tabernacle in Ota, Ogun State.

Siege of Béxar

The Siege of Bexar was when the Texan troops confronted the Mexican troops and their leader, General Cos, who was Santa Anna's brother at the City of Bexar.

Karachay-Cherkessia

The Karachay-Cherkess Republic (Russian: Карача́ево-Черке́сская Респу́блика, "Karachayevo-Cherkesskaya Respublika"; Karachay-Balkar: Къарачай-Черкес Республика, "Qaraçay-Çerkes Respublika"; Circassian: Къэрэшей-Шэрджэс Республика, "Ķêrêšei-Šêrdžês Respublikê", Nogai: Карашай-Шеркеш Республика, "Karaşay-Şerkeş Respublika", Abaza: Къарча-Черкес Республика, "Qarça-Çerkes Respublika") or Karachay-Cherkessia (Russian: Карача́ево-Черке́сия, "Karachayevo-Cherkesiya") is a federal subject (a republic) of Russia. In 2021, 469,865 people lived there. Cherkessk is the largest city and the administrative center of the republic.

Evergreen Marine Corporation

Evergreen Marine Corporation () is a Taiwanese container transportation and shipping company.

Gijsbert Lekkerkerker

Gijsbert Lekkerkerker (13 February 1947 – 23 October 2022) was a Dutch organist.

At the age of 17, Lekkerkerker was appointed organist of the Maranathakerk in Woerden. He annually gave about 35 organ concerts in Europe, the United States, Canada, and Israel. He was also an organ teacher. He was awarded the silver medal in Paris in 2003 by the French Arts-Sciences-Lettres for his interpretations of organ works by César Franck, Alexandre Guilmant and Charles-Marie Widor. In 2014 he received this medal for the second time, now in silver with gold.

Lekkerkerker died in Harmelen on 23 October 2022, aged 75.

Ekakpamre

Ekakpamre is a village in Ughelli South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, having boundaries with Ekrejegbe.

Trinity College Dublin

Trinity College Dublin (TCD) is the oldest university in Ireland. It was started in 1592.

TCD was started at the command of Elizabeth I in 1592, using a building of God.

After 1873 those not in the Anglican denomination were allowed to be at TCD. Women were not allowed until 1904.

TCD is near the centre of Dublin in an area of .

TCD has many of Dublin's buildings that were created in the 1700s. 

The TCD library was finished 1732 but had begun some years earlier. In is famous for its books. It has the Book of Kells.

A Country Practice

A Country Practice is an Australian television soap opera that aired (shown) on the Seven Network from 18 November 1981 to 5 November 1993 at 7:30 pm on Mondays and Tuesdays. A total of 14 seasons and 1,058 episodes were produced. The show was produced at the ATN-7's production facility at Epping, New South Wales. Outdoor locations were filmed in Pitt Town and Oakville, in the northwestern suburbs of Sydney, Australia. 

Several of the regular cast members became popular celebrities as a result of their roles in the series. It also featured many native Australian animals, particularly the iconic 'Fatso the wombat' adding to its appeal both nationally and internationally. After the series was cancelled by the Seven Network in 1993, the series was relaunched on the Network Ten in 1994. 

At the time of its cancellation, "A Country Practice" was the longest-running Australian TV drama. However, by the late 1990s, the record was overtaken by Network Ten series "Neighbours". The series was eventually sold and aired in 48 countries.

NOTE: Actors highlighted in pink were original cast members.
Note: Actors highlighted in yellow were kept in the series when switching from Seven Network to Network Ten.
Only four of the original cast members from the Network Seven series were kept in the Network Ten re-launch: Joan Sydney, Joyce Jacobs, and Andrew Blackman, and Michelle Pettigrove (1 episode)
"A Country Practice" rose to fame with a long list of guest appearances, with a total cast of over 1000 stars and well-known mostly Australian actors in two-part episodes each week.

Famous stars included: 
"A Country Practice" is the third most successful television program after "Home and Away" (1st) and "Neighbours" (2nd), at the Logie Awards. The show has won 29 awards during its twelve years of production.

Logie Awards 1983

Logie awards 1984

Logie Awards 1985

Logie Awards 1986

Logie Awards 1987

Logie Awards 1988

Logie Awards 1989

Logie Awards 1990

Logie Awards 1991

Logie Awards 1992

Logie Awards 1993

Cathy Kelley

Catherine Anne Kelley (born September 27, 1988) is an American journalist, television host, model and actress. As of October 2022, she worked for the WWE as a backstage interviewer on the RAW brand. She also worked for the WWE from 2016 to 2020. Before working for the WWE, she was a panelist on Maria Menounos' AfterBuzz TV. On October 6, 2022, WWE stated that Kelley was working for the RAW brand after not working for the company for 2 years.

Catherine Anne Kelley was born on September 27, 1988 in Oak Park, Illinois. She is of Austrian and Irish descent. She spent much of her time on her father's farm in Vermont. Her grandfather, Bartram Kelley was an aviation pioneer. He was as the senior engineer of Bell Helicopters.

Kelley became interested in journalism in high school. She started hosting several of her school's news broadcasts. She graduated from Loyola University Chicago with a degree in multimedia journalism. She is a member of Mensa International, the world's largest and oldest high IQ society/ Kelley is a certified Mensa journalist.

Kelley has hosted and contributed to WTTW's "GenYTV", WOI-DT's "The Open House Television Show", "DSM Living", and JUCE TV's "Hot Off The Press".

Kelley joined AfterBuzz TV in 2012. She was a panelist on the networks' recap programs of WWE's "Monday Night Raw," "NXT", and ABC's "The Bachelor" In 2013, she began hosting a podcast called "Chatting with Cathy." 

Kelley was signed to WWE in February 2016. She worked for NXT and on special events. She began working on air on April 1, 2016 during the pre-show of . During her time with the company, she hosted "WWE Now." It is a program that airs on WWE's social media platforms and their official website. The program covers stories, breaking news, previews of upcoming episodes of Raw and SmackDown, and event recaps. 

On September 25, 2019, Kelley made her first television appearance during an episode of "NXT". She also made one appearance on "SmackDown" as correspondent on November 1, 2019.

On February 13, 2020, Kelley announced on social media that she was leaving WWE. Her last day with the company was at on February 16.

Kelley's first acting role was in 2020 on the Netflix sitcom "#blackAF" as a flight attendant.

On October 6, 2022, WWE announced that Kelley will be returning to the company as a backstage interviewer on the Raw brand.


Primal Fear (movie)

Primal Fear (movie) is a movie from 1996 starring Richard Gere as a lawyer who tries to get a murderer off the hook using the insanity defense on the grounds that the killer has a split personality and wins only to find out that the killer never actually had dissociative identity disorder and was actually evil all along. It was the first movie Edward Norton was ever in and he was nominated for an Academy Award for it.

Open-pit mining

Open-pit mining or opencast is a method of mining copper. This is used in making different types of things such as Copper wire, copper coin and many more.

Martial arts movie

Martial arts films are movies about martial arts. They’re normally action movies. The martial arts shown in movies tend to include kung fu, wuxia, and karate.

There were Martial arts films in Asia. They were more about action then plot. They became popular in 1943 when Akira Kurosawa made the movie Sugata Sanshiro about a young man who has to learn judo. In 1945, Kurosawa made a sequel which was the first movie ever to have karate in it. 

In the 1970s, kung fu movies made by studios in Hong Kong like the Shaw Brothers Studio and Godfrey Ho’s studio were translated into English and were watched in the United States and Canada.

Notable actors in the genre have included Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Jet Li, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Steven Seagal, Tony Jaa, Donnie Yen, and Yuen Biao.

There are some animated films that are about martial arts like Kung Fu Panda. 

Lasagna Cat

'Lasagna Cat' is a web series created by Fatal Farm. It was made as a parody of the Garfield comic strips created by American cartoonist Jim Davis. The series was uploaded to YouTube in 2007 (the first video) 2008 and 2017. They have humorous live action recreations of classic Garfield comics, as well as absurdist, surreal, and dark humor.

Wuxia

Wuxia is a genre of fantasy which comes from the literature of China and is about martial arts warriors in ancient China.

I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)

"I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)" is a 1987 song by Aretha Franklin and George Michael and taken from her 31st studio album "Aretha". It topped the charts in Australia, Belgium, Ireland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, the United States and Zimbabwe and won a Grammy Award in 1987.

Mark Owen

Mark Anthony Patrick Owen (born 27 January 1972) is an English singer and songwriter. He is best known for being a member of pop group and band Take That; as of 2019, the group have sold 14 million albums and 11.4 million singles in the UK.

Just the Way You Are (Billy Joel song)

"Just the Way You Are" is a 1977 song by Billy Joel and is the lead single from his fifth studio album "The Stranger" and made the top ten in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa and the United States. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1979 and was covered by Barry White in 1978.

Kapamilya Channel

Kapamilya Channel (stylized as Kapamilya channel) is a 24-hour Philippine pay television network owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation.

Kapamilya Online Live is a web-based channel owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation that launched on August 1, 2020, and livestreams on Facebook and YouTube. On Facebook, the shows are streamed on regular timeslots with some scheduled commentary breaks between timeblocks. On YouTube, it streams throughout the day from 6:00 a.m. to midnight (except during TV special events). Livestreaming of shows on both platforms are available exclusively in the Philippines and it airs a variety of ABS-CBN's old shows from Jeepney TV and other exclusive online shows.

On August 1, 2021, "Kapamilya Online Live" became accessible worldwide and streams 24-hours with classic series (weekdays), Star Cinema movies and specials (weekends) aired throughout the midnight programming.

On February 22, 2021, Kapamilya Online Live started to offer a video on demand service of its shows accessible for seven days after their original streaming date.


Trouble Man (song)

"Trouble Man" is a 1972 song by Marvin Gaye and taken his 12th studio album and soundtrack "Trouble Man". It went to number 7 in the United States and has covered by Neneh Cherry.

Wonderful Tonight

"Wonderful Tonight" is a 1977 ballad by Eric Clapton and taken from his fifth studio album "Slowhand". It went to number 1 in Japan, number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in France, number 5 in Belgium, number 13 in Ireland, number 15 in Canada and number 16 in the United States.

"Wonderful Tonight" was covered by British band Damage and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom and number 15 in Ireland.

Big Shot (song)

"Big Shot" is a 1979 song by Billy Joel and is the second single from his sixth studio album "52nd Street". It went to number 13 in Canada, number 14 in the United States, number 36 in New Zealand, number 91 in Australia and did not chart in the United Kingdom. 

All for Leyna

"All for Leyna" is a 1980 song by Billy Joel and taken from his seventh studio album "Glass Houses". It went to number 16 in Spain and number 40 in the United States.

Landnámabók

This book was a religious book founded in Iceland.

Paul Luzineau

Paul Luzineau, (born on December 31, 1996), is a Dutch model and male pageant titleholder. He was crowned Manhunt International 2020 in Manila, Philippines, He is the first Dutch to win the international male beauty pageant.

Luzineau was crowned Manhunt International 2020 in Manila, Philippines, making him the first Dutch to win the title of Manhunt International alongside with Nikos Antonopoulos (1st place) from Greece and Matheus Cruz Giora (2nd place) from Brazil. After Vicent Llorach González, Manhunt International 2018.


Preston Oliver

Preston Oliver III (born February 2, 2006, Las Vegas) is a American actor.

In 2019 Oliver was first seen in the movie "Chicago Fire" and in the same year he played the role of Kevin's son in "This Is Us". In 2020 he played the part of young Michael in "TRoswell, Mexico". In 2021 he played the lead role as Griffin Campbell in "Secrets of Sulfur Springs" by Disney Channel.


Sandy Hook Memorial

Sandy Hook Permanent Memorial is a memorial in Newtown to commemorate the victims of school shootings, was occured on December 14, 2012, Atleast 20 children and 6 school personnel were killed, Adam Lanza the (perpetrator), including his mother (Nancy Lanza) He shoot, before the school shooting in Sandy Hook.

The memorial form is based from, mass school shooting to dedicate of those who died and despite the harassment caused by the suspect, Adam Lanza, 20 years old.

Killed:<br>
Mother of the killer
Nancy Lanza, 52 (shot at home)

School personnel

Students

Perpetrator

Survivors:
Wounded

Survivors

Glass Houses (album)

Glass Houses is the seventh studio album by Billy Joel and released on 12 March, 1980 through Columbia Records. It went to number 1 in Canada, Iceland and the United States, number 2 in Australia and Norway, number 3 in Zimbabwe, number 4 in Austria, number 6 in New Zealand, Japan and Sweden and number 9 in the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 1981.

All songs written by Billy Joel.

New Song (Howard Jones song)

"New Song" is a 1983 debut song by Howard Jones and taken from his debut studio album "Human's Lib". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 10 in Sweden, number 15 in Switzerland and number 27 in the United States.




Clontarf, Dublin

Clontarf is a town in north Dublin. It is by the water.

Roger Taylor (Duran Duran drummer)

Roger Andrew Taylor is an English musical artist, well known as the drummer of new wave band Duran Duran.



Hyloscirtus tigrinus

The Hyloscirtus tigrinus is a frog. It lives in Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 2620 and 3467 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 54.2-60.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 62.9–63.2 mm long. The skin of the frog's head, back, and legs is yellow-green with black stripes or bars. The bars go underneath the body too. There are also orange spots on some parts of the body. The bottoms of the feet can be gray in color. The iris of the eye is gray with black marks. Parts of the climbing disks on its toes are black.

This frog lives in forests high in the Andes Mountains. Scientists found them in plants near streams and ponds. These frogs sit on plants .5 m above the ground.

The scientific name for this frog comes from the word "tiger." The first frogs the scientists found had stripes like tigers.

Magic carpet

A magic carpet, also called a flying carpet, is a carpet that can fly. It is also a common trope in fantasy fiction. It is usually used as a form of transportation and can quickly carry its users to their destination.

Vox (political party)

Vox is a Spanish far-right and nationalist party founded by Alejo Vidal-Quadras and led by Santiago Abascal since 2014.

Vox

Vox (Latin for 'voice') may refer to:



Apollinaire Joachim Kyélem de Tambèla

Apollinaire Joachim Kyélem de Tambèla (born 1955) is a Burkinabe politician, lawyer and writer. In October 2022, he became the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso, following the September 2022 Burkina Faso coup d'état.

Emory Tate

Emory Andrew Tate II (December 27, 1958 – October 17, 2015) was an American chess player. His son is Emory Andrew Tate III.

Tate II was born in Chicago to Emory Andrew Tate I, an attorney and soldier of the United States army.

The American black grandmaster Maurice Ashley termed Tate "a trailblazer for African-American chess".

Chandala

Chandala (Skt. चाण्डाल) is the lowest class in Ancient India. According to the ancient code law of Manusmriti, it is the class formed from the union of a brahmin woman (the highest class within varna) and a shudra man (the lowest classes) in Northern India.

The Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Faxian, in the records of his journey to India in the early 5th century, mentions the Chandala as the only ones who eat onion and garlic and live separately from the others. They must make themselves known when they enter towns or marketplaces so that contact with them can be avoided. The Chandalas are the only ones who hunt and sell meat, marking their status as untouchables. Chandalas in ancient times having lost the right to any of the four varnas - Brahmins, Kshatriyas, Vaishyas and Shudras - were expelled from cities and sought refuge in the forests. After they became "masons", until finally expelled, they left the country, about 400 AD. 10.000 - 12.000 Indian musicians, was sent by the King Shankalat of India to Sassanid King Bahram V. There descendants are the Roma people.

Bun B

Bernard James Freeman (born March 19, 1973), known professionally as Bun B, is an American rapper. He is best known as a member of the southern rap duo UGK (UnderGround Kingz), a group he formed in 1987 with Pimp C. Besides his work with UGK, Bun B has released five solo albums, including 2010's "Trill OG". The album received the rare 5-mic rating from "The Source".

He is also a visiting professor at Rice University in Houston, Texas.

Bun B has been married to R Kelly since 2003. He has 2 stepchildren and 7 step-grandchildren. He sniffs them everyday 





Akinator

Akinator is a video game made by a French company called Elokence. The player thinks of a character, object, or animal and a genie asks questions to find it out, like "Twenty Questions". The genie learns future answers using artificial intelligence.

The player chooses an character, object, or animal. Akinator asks questions with "Yes", "No", "Probably", "Probably not" and "Don't know" answers to try to find the answer. A guess is made if a likely answer is found before 25 questions are asked. If a few wrong guesses are made, the player is asked the answer.

The game uses a program called Limule and an algorithm, both made by Elokence.

"L'Express" gave Akinator a 5 out of 5 on their list of iPhone Apps of the Week for September 9, 2009. "Excite France" liked the game's interactivity and that it was "revolutionary, attractive, and entertaining".

The game's most popular year in Europe was 2009.

Michelle Donelan

Michelle Emma May Elizabeth Donelan (born 8 April 1984) is a British politician. She has been the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology since February 2023. She was Minister of State for Higher and Further Education from 2020 to 2022 and Secretary of State for Education for two days during the July 2022 UK government crisis. 

She is a member of the Conservative Party. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Chippenham in Wiltshire since 2015.

David TC Davies

David Thomas Charles Davies (born 27 July 1970) is a British politician. He has been Secretary of State for Wales since 2022 and the Member of Parliament (MP) for Monmouth since 2005. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He is a critic of the European Union and supported Brexit. 

Secretary of State for Wales

The secretary of state for Wales (), also known as the Welsh secretary, is a secretary of state in the Government of the United Kingdom. They are a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom, 19th in the ministerial ranking.

The current Welsh Secretary of State is David Davies since October 2022.

Alister Jack

Alister William Jack (born 7 July 1963) is a British politician. He is the Secretary of State for Scotland since 2019. He is a member of the Scottish Conservatives, he has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Dumfries and Galloway since 2017.

Mel Stride

Melvyn "Mel" Stride (born 30 September 1961) is a British politician. He joined the government of Rishi Sunak as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on 25 October 2022.

In October 2011, he was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Minister of State for Further Education, Skills and Lifelong Learning, John Hayes in the government of David Cameron. He was later in the same government as an Assistant Government Whip from July 2014 until May 2015 and as Chief Whip (Lord Commissioner of the Treasury) from May 2015 until July 2016.

He was Financial Secretary to the Treasury and Paymaster General from June 2017 to May 2019 in the government of Theresa May. He was in the same government earlier as Lord President of the Council and Leader of the House of Commons from 23 May 2019 to 24 July 2019.

He was Chairman of the Treasury Select Committee from 23 July 2019 to 25 October 2022 in the governments of Boris Johnson and Liz Truss.

He was elected the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for Central Devon in 2010.

Mel was educated at Portsmouth Grammar School and Oxford University, where he was elected President of the Oxford Union.

International Phonetic Alphabet chart for English dialects

This list shows the normal uses of the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) for sounds used in the English language. 


This chart gives a partial system of diaphonemes for English. The symbols for the diaphonemes are given in bolded text, followed by their most common phonetic values. For the vowels, a separate phonetic value is given for each major dialect, and words used to name corresponding lexical sets are also given. The diaphonemes and lexical sets given here are based on RP and General American; they are not sufficient to express all of the distinctions found in other dialects, such as Australian English.


Jesse (song)

"Jesse" is a 1980 song by Carly Simon and is the lead single from her 9th studio album "Come Upstairs". It went to number 4 in Australia, number 11 in the United States and number 12 in Canada.


Sometimes a Fantasy

"Sometimes a Fantasy" is a 1980 song by Billy Joel and is the fifth and final single from his seventh studio album "Glass Houses". It went to number 36 in the United States and charted higher in Canada where it made #21.

Don't Ask Me Why (Billy Joel song)

"Don't Ask Me Why" is a 1980 song by Billy Joel and is the third single from his seventh studio album "Glass Houses". It has a bit of Latin pop with Afro-Cuban mixed into it. It went to number 4 in Canada, number 19 in the United States and number 42 in the Netherlands and France.

Boreoeutheria

Boreoeutheria are mammals that are the third superorder of placental mammals.
They evolved on the northern supercontinent Laurasia after it split from Gondwana when Pangaea broke up.

Lentivirus, or Retrovirus can affect these mammals, as well as humans which are part of this magnorder.

Living Colour

Living Colour is an American rock band from New York City. It was made in 1984. Their music is a fusion of heavy metal, funk, jazz, hip hop and alternative rock. The band's current members are guitarist Vernon Reid, lead singer Corey Glover, drummer Will Calhoun and bassist Doug Wimbish. Many of the band's songs talk about racism in the United States.

Living Colour has made six studio albums. In 1988, the band became popular when they released their first album, "Vivid". A song from the album, "Cult of Personality", won a Grammy Award in 1990. They won another Grammy Award for their second album, "Time's Up". The band broke up in 1995, but came back together in 2000. Since then, they have released three albums. The band is working on making new music for another album.

Guitarist Vernon Reid made Living Colour in New York in 1984. Because he was born in England, he used the word 'colour' instead of 'color'. Reid was well known in New York's jazz music community because he played music with Ronald Shannon Jackson. From 1984 to 1986, Living Colour had many different members. These members were musicians such as Jerome Harris, Geri Allen and Pheeroan akLaff.

The band had many different singers. Sometimes, Reid would sing as well. During this time, the band made music that sounded very different than its studio albums. The band made a song named "Funny Vibe". This song would be put on "Vivid" in 1988.

In 1986, the band had four members: singer Corey Glover, guitarist Vernon Reid, bassist Muzz Skillings, and drummer Will Calhoun. These members stayed in the band. The band got good at playing at concerts. They played many times at CBGB, a club in New York City. Mick Jagger, the singer for the Rolling Stones, noticed the band. After he watched the band play at CBGB, he helped the band make demos of their music. He also helped the band join Epic Records, a record label. The band made their first album with Epic.

"Vivid" was released on May 3, 1988. It started selling many copies later that year. This was because MTV started showing the music video for "Cult of Personality", a song from the album. It reached number 6 on the "Billboard" 200, an American music chart. In 1989, the band played on "Saturday Night Live". "Cult of Personality" later won a Grammy Award.

Living Colour started going on concert tours with other bands, such as Guns N' Roses and the Rolling Stones. In 1990, the band released "Time's Up", their second album. It had music of many different genres, such as jazz, punk rock, hip hop, and funk. It won a Grammy Award. In 1991, Living Colour played at Lollapalooza.

In 1992, Skillings left the band. He was replaced by Doug Wimbish. The band made "Stain", their third album. In 1995, the band disbanded. This was because they did not want to make the same music on their fourth album. Four of the songs they made while making their fourth album were put on "Pride". After the band broke up, the members started making music alone.

On December 21, 2000, the band got back together to play at CBGB. After the band played at the club, they released "Collideøscope". They played on many concert tours in the 2000s, and released "The Chair in the Doorway" in 2009. It went onto the "Billboard" 200 music chart. It was the band's first album to do this since "Stain".


It's Still Rock and Roll to Me

"It's Still Rock and Roll to Me" is a 1980 song by Billy Joel and is the third single from his seventh studio album "Glass Houses". It topped the single charts in the United States and Canada, number 10 in Australia, number 11 in Ireland, number 14 in the United Kingdom and number 21 in New Zealand.

Shine a Little Love

"Shine a Little Love" is a 1979 song by Electric Light Orchestra and is the opening track from their eighth studio album "Discovery". It went to number 1 in Spain, number 4 in Canada and Ireland, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in the United States, number 9 in Norway, number 10 in the Netherlands, number 14 in Australia, number 16 in South Africa and number 17 in New Zealand.

2014–15 Austrian Cup

The 2014–15 Austrian Cup was the 81st season of Austria's cup competition. FC Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champion.

Péter Gulácsi, Peter Ankersen, Duje Ćaleta-Car, Martin Hinteregger, Benno Schmitz, Valon Berisha (100. Nils Quaschner), André Ramalho, Naby Keïta, Takumi Minamino (43. Alexander Walke), Jonatan Soriano, Marcel Sabitzer (81. Felipe Pires) coach:Adolf Hütter

Heinz Lindner, Fabian Koch, Lukas Rotpuller, Patrizio Stronati, Markus Suttner, Mario Leitgeb (71. James Holland), Christian Ramsebner, Alexander Gorgon (80. Philipp Zulechner), Alexander Grünwald, David de Paula (46. Daniel Royer), Marko Kvasina coach: Andreas Ogris

Jumping Someone Else's Train

"Jumping Someone Else's Train" is a song by English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released as a stand-alone single in the United Kingdom. It is taken from the band's 1980 album "Boys Don't Cry". It did not chart in the United Kingdom and the United States.

The music video shows a speeded up view from the driver's cab of a train journey from London Victoria to Brighton Station.



Trams in Luxembourg

Trams in Luxembourg operated between 1875 and 1964 as well as between 2017 and the present. Initially, various routes operated across the city which opened in the late 19th and early 20th century. The lines all closed following the rise in motor traffic in the city. In December 2017 the first section of the second generation of trams in Luxembourg opened with a piece of track running between Luxexpo and Route Breck Pafendall. Since then the line has been expanded with the Current route being extended to now run from Luxexpo to Lycee Technique de Bonnevoie. There are More extensions planned in both directions. The full route will run from the airport in Senningerberg to The Stade de Luxembourg.

Nothin' on You

"Nothin' on You" is a 2009 pop rap/R&B/southern hip hop song by American rapper and record producer B.o.B featuring singer Bruno Mars. The song is B.o.B's first single as a lead artist and Mars' first as a featured artist. It was released as the lead single from B.o.B's first studio album "B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray". The song went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and the United States. 

Diving at the 1922 Women's Olympiad – 3 metre springboard

The 3 metre springboard diving event at the 1922 Women's Olympiad was held on 21 April 1922. The venue of the competition was the Port Hercules, the harbour of Monte Carlo, Monaco. The 3 metre springboard was part of the temporary scaffolding together with the 5 metre platform. The day of the competition was a sunny day.

Six divers from four nations entered for the 3 metre springboard event.
The competition was won by the Dutch Truus Klapwijk. It was a fierce competition, but with a close finish she won of the Swedish national diving champion Eva Olliwier. Eric Bergsal, the team leader of the Swedish team and direcor of the swimming pool in Stockholm, had a lot of praise for the Dutch Klapwijk. French national champion Henriette Delbort finished third. The British Cecily O'Bryen finished fourth.

Sources:

2024 MotoGP World Championship

The 2024 FIM MotoGP World Championship will be the premier class of the 76th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.

All teams use series-specified Michelin tyres.

RNF Racing will not enter the 2024 season after being found breaching the participation agreement. The replacement is yet to be decided. Trackhouse Racing MotoGP was later announced as the replacement for RNF Racing, taking over as Aprilia's independent team. and retaining riders Miguel Oliveira and Raúl Fernández from RNF.


The following Grands Prix are provisionally scheduled to take place in 2024:

The following Grand Prix is planned as a reserve venue:


Irène Savollon

Irène Savollon also written as Irène Savolon (4 July 1891 – 22 January 1972) was a French competitive diver.

Savallon was born on 4 July 1891 in Brizambourg, France.

As the 1922 French national champion she was selected to competed at the 1922 Women's Olympiad, for the 3 metre springboard event and 5 metre platform event. Her main achievent of her career was five years later at the 1927 European Aquatics Championships in Bologna, Italy. Here she won the silver medal in the platform event behind the British Isabelle White and ahead of the Swedish Eva Olliwier. As of 1929, Savollon was still competing at national championships.

Savallon died in Le Havre on 22 January 1972 at the age of 80 years.

Green View Tower

Green View Tower is a skyscraper in Tijuana, Mexico. It is in the central business district of Tijuana, the Zona Rio.

It only has 58 homes. It has a mall and a penthouse. It was designed by Julio Gaeta and Luby Springall of Gaeta Springall Arquitectos.

Tropical Storm Nalgae

Typhoon Nalgae, known in the Philippines as Severe Tropical Storm Paeng, was a instense severe tropical cyclone to hit the northern entire of the Philippines.

On October 26 the JTWC issued in its TCFA bulletin that a low pressure near in the Philippines was a develop potential as tropical depression, The other agency designated it as "Invest 93W", However the PAGASA has already of the disturbance and it gave of PAGASA to a local name "Paeng", A 16th tropical cyclone and the 4th in the month of October 2022 in the Philippines.

As of 9:00 UTC, PST+8 October 27, in the Philippines Tropical Storm Nalgae (Paeng) is located about 545 nautical miles (1,010 km; 625 mi) east-southeast of Manila, Philippines. Maximum 10-minute sustained winds are at 35 knots (65 km/h; 40 mph), with gusts up to 50 knots (95 km/h; 60 mph), while maximum 1-minute sustained winds are at 30 knots (55 km/h; 35 mph). The minimum central barometric pressure is 996 hPa (29.41 inHg), and the system is moving west at 8 kn (15 km/h; 9.2 mph).

Leszek Engelking

Leszek Engelking (2 February 1955 – 22 October 2022) was a Polish poet, short story writer, novelist, translator, literary critic, essayist, Polish philologist, and literary academic, scholar, and lecturer.

Engelking translated a vast amount of literature into Polish, from Spanish, English, Russian, Ukrainian, Belarusian, Slovak but in particular from Czech.

Henry L. Stimson

Henry Lewis Stimson (September 21, 1867 – October 20, 1950) was an American statesman, lawyer, and Republican Party politician. Over his long career, he emerged as a leading figure in U.S. foreign policy by serving in both Republican and Democratic administrations. He served as Secretary of War (1911–1913) under President William Howard Taft, Secretary of State (1929–1933) under President Herbert Hoover, and Secretary of War (1940–1945) under Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman, overseeing American military efforts during World War II.

Robert Lansing

Robert Lansing (October 17, 1864 – October 30, 1928) was an American lawyer and diplomat who served as Counselor to the State Department at the outbreak of World War I, and then as United States Secretary of State under President Woodrow Wilson from 1915 to 1920.

Hans Galjaard

Hans Galjaard (8 April 1935 – 26 October 2022) was a Dutch genetics professor. He was a physician and researcher who was also known to the general public due to regular television appearances. 

From 1968 to 1993 Galjaard was professor and department head of cell biology at Erasmus University Rotterdam. During this period, he focused on prenatal diagnosis, whereby diseases or abnormalities can already be identified in the unborn child. He later became head of clinical genetics department at Erasmus University Rotterdam.

He was also a member of UNESCO's bioethics Committee and a member of the Terlouw Committee on genetically modified food. He appeared in a scientific role in television programs including "Willen wij weten" (NCRV, 1981), "Erfelijkheid en jij" (1990) and "Alle mensen zijn ongelijk" (VARA, 1994).

In 1997 he received the from the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Galjaard was the father of . Galjaard died in October 2022, aged 87.

Ænima

Ænima is the second studio album by American rock band Tool. It was released as a vinyl record on September 17, 1996. It was later released as a compact disc on October 1, 1996. It is the first Tool album with bassist Justin Chancellor on it. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package.

The album sold over 140,000 copies in its first week. It came out at number two on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. The RIAA gave it a triple platinum certification in 2003. A song from the album, "Ænema", won a Grammy Award in 1998. "Rolling Stone" put the album at number 18 on a list of the 100 greatest metal albums of all time.

Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance

The Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance is a Grammy Award given to musicians for playing very good heavy metal music. It was first given at the 32nd Grammy Awards in 1990. Metallica was the first band to win the award. Metallica has won the award six times.

Prince Charles stream tree frog

The Prince Charles stream tree frog ("Hyloscirtus princecharlesi") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it 2794 meters above sea level. They saw it in exactly one place, in a cloud forest.

This frog is about 68.1-70.5 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is black with orange spots. The iris of the eye is gray in color.

The tadpoles are brown on color with small whitish marks. The iris of the eye is blue with some green-lavender color and white marks. The belly is red-brown on color. It is darker brown toward the tail. There are whitish spots. The tail is brown near the body and lighter near the end. Later, the tadpole changes color to gray.

This frog is in danger because human beings change the places where it lives. Human beings cut down trees to get wood to build with and make a place for animals to eat grass. Chemicals that kill pests may also hurt this frog.

The scientists named this frog after then-Prince of Wales, Charles Windsor. They named it after him because he worked to protect habitats in tropical places.

2022 Uganda Ebola outbreak

An ongoing Ebola outbreak in the country of Uganda, was confirmed on 20 September 2022 in the town of Mubende, The virus strain was found in Sudan ebola type virus in late September 2022, More than 150 cases are confirmed, and at least 75 deaths were reported. On September 20 the government of Uganda, Has declared a Ebola outbreak On October 2 the towns of Mubende, Kyegegwa, Kassanda, Kagadi and Bunyanga, has recorded new cases.


2022 Langya virus outbreak in China

The Langyavirus outbreak was confirmed on August 10, 2022 in the northeastern province of China. The virus is trasmitted from shrews to humans, At least 35 cases were reported in the province and some parts in Jinan there have been cases.

The Langya henipavirus (LayV) or simply as Langya virus is a disease transmitted from animals. It was found in the provinces of Shandong and Jinan.

In September 2018 the virus has also recorded cases in 2018, 9 cases total of 35 in China infected from LayV had the following symptoms: fever, fatigue and cough. No fatalities have been recorded in the month of August 2022. 

The disease affects animals. It can be passed from goats and dogs to humans, the 35 infected have not come into contact with each other, and it has not been determined in August 2022 if people who transmit the disease to others. The Langya virus is dangerous and deadly.


Tambaram taluk

Tambaram is a taluk in Kanchipuram.

2022 Marburg virus disease outbreak in Ghana

The Marburg virus disease outbreak in Ghana occured in 2022. On July 8, 2 cases have been reported. The WHO announced that the virus was spreading in the entire of country.

The Margburg virus disease (MVD) is a highly contagious disease were located in Ashanti region on July 2022, It has 24-90% tally disease, The first case was found in year 1967 and it was detected in Germany and Yugoslavia and also were have been cases reported in Sub-Sahara in Africa.
In Ashanti region where the first outbreak was found, The symptoms of the disease are; dizzy, diarrhea, nausea and it taken to the hospital.


Kunal Singh

Kunal Singh (29 September 1977 – 7 February 2008), also known as Kunal, was an Indian actor. He mainly appeared in Tamil movies. He is best known for his romantic role in Kathir's "Kadhalar Dhinam" (1999). This is Kunal's debut super-hit movie.


Buckbeak

Buckbeak is a hippogriff, a fantasy animal just like a griffin. He is introduced by Rubeus Hagrid.

Mark Isham

Mark Ware Isham (born September 7, 1951) is an American musician and film composer.

Isham was born in New York City to Howard Isham and Patricia Hammond.

Isham is a Scientologist. He is married to Donna Isham and have four children.

Isham stated artists like Michel Legrand, Chet Baker, Jerry Goldsmith, Miles Davis, Bernard Herrmann, Elmer Bernstein, Maurice Jarre, Henry Mancini, Dave Grusin and Lalo Schifrin as influences.


Old South Arabian

Old South Arabian (or Ṣayhadic or Yemenite) is a group of four closely related extinct languages. They were spoken in the far southern part of the Arabian Peninsula. They were written in the Ancient South Arabian script.

There were several Old South Arabian languages (e.g. Awsānian), of which very little evidence has survived, however. A pair of possible surviving Sayhadic languages is attested in the Razihi language and Faifi language spoken in far north-west of Yemen. Although these varieties of speech have both Arabic and Sayhadic features. It is hard to classify them as either Arabic dialects with a Sayhadic substratum, or Sayhadic languages that have been restructured under pressure of Arabic.

Cayden Boyd

Cayden Michael Boyd (born May 24, 1994) is an American actor, director and writer.

Boyd was born in Bedford, Texas to Mike Boyd and Debbie Boyd.

Boyd landed his first roles, small television roles and commercials, as young as age 6 and 7.


Adekunle Gold

Adekunle Almoruf Kosoko (born 28 January 1987) popularly known as Adekunle Gold or AG Baby, is a Nigerian Afrobeat's singer and songwriter. Adekunle Gold became known after he released the 2015 hit single "Sade". He signed a record contract with YBNL ("Yahoo Boy No Laptop") Nation. He released his 2015 debut studio album Gold.

Adekunle Almoruf Kosoko was born into the Kosoko royal family of Lagos State, Nigeria on 28 January 1987.

He attended Lagos State Polytechnic, where he had his Higher National Diploma (HND) in Arts and Design. 

Adekunle Gold interest in music started while listening to songs by King Sunny Ade and Ebenezer Obey while he was growing up. He became a member of his church's junior choir during his teenage years and went on to write his first song at the age of 15. In 2014, Adekunle went solo after leaving a music group he formed with a friend while in school. On 19 December 2014, he released "Sade". The song became well known and was nominated for Best Alternative Song at The Headies 2015. He released his first official single titled "Orente" through YBNL ("Yahoo Boy No Laptop") Nation after signing a music contract with the record label on 5 March 2015. On 18 July 2016, Adekunle released his first studio album titled Gold. The album is a 16-track project, with musical production from Pheelz, Masterkraft, B Banks, Sleekamo, Oscar and Seyikeyz. he left YBNL Nation after his contract expired, he then announced his band "The 79th Element" pointing out to the atomic number of gold. On 15 January 2018, Unity Bank announced Adekunle Gold as their brand ambassador. On 21 August 2020, He Released another Album titled 'Afro Pop Vol. 1. 

Adekunle Gold released his fourth studio album titled "Catch Me If You Can" containing 14 tracks and featuring artist like Davido, Fatoumata Diawara, Lucky Daye, Stefflon Don, Foushee, and TY Dolla Sign On 4 February 2022, 

List of Criminal Minds episodes

"Criminal Minds" is a police procedural. It debuted on CBS on September 22, 2005. 

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Amalek

Amalek was a nation in the Torah and Old Testament whose people called the Amalekites were enemies of the Israelites.

In the Book of Genesis, Chapter 36 Verse 10, Esau married a woman named Ada and she gave birth to a son named Eliphaz. Then in Chapter 36 Verse 12, Eliphaz had a concubine named Timna and she gave birth to a son named Amalek.

In the Book of Exodus Chapter 17, Amalek’s descendants called the Amalekites attacked the Israelites after the Israelites left Egypt. So Moses sent Joshua to fight the Amalekites. As long as Moses held his hands in the air, the Israelites were winning but Moses’s hands got tired so he got his brother Aaron to hold one up while Hur held the other up. And Joshua beat the Amalekites. 

Then in the Book of Exodus Chapter 17 Verse 14, the Lord told Moses “write this for a memorial in the book and recount it in the hearing of Joshua, that I will utterly blot out the name of Amalek from under heaven”.

In the Book of Numbers, King Balak of Moab hired Balaam to curse the Israelites but Balaam ended up blessing the Israelites instead. And when Balaam had a vision of the future of the Israelites and their victory over their enemies, he said “ Amalek was the first of the nations but his end shall come to destruction” (Numbers 24:20).

In the Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 25, the Lord tells the Israelites to “remember what Amalek did to you on the way as you were coming out of Egypt” that the Amalekites attacked the Israelites from behind and killed the tired and weak. And because of it, the Lord tells the Israelites to “blot out the remembrance of Amalek from beneath heaven. You shall not forget.”

In the first Book of Samuel, Chapter 15, the Lord told Samuel to tell Saul to kill all Amalekites and destroy all of their property and kill all their animals because it was something that the Lord told the Israelites to do back in the time of Moses. But when Saul attacked Amalek, he captured King Agag instead of killing him and Saul and his warriors kept the best animals for themselves but “everything despised and worthless that they utterly destroyed” (1 Samuel 15:9). So the Lord sent Samuel to King Saul to tell him “now the Lord sent you on a mission and said “go and utterly destroy the sinners, the Amalekites, and fight against them until they are exterminated. Why then did you not obey the voice of the Lord?”. (1 Samuel 15:18-19). When Saul said that he killed the Amalekites except for their king and was actually going to sacrifice their animals to the Lord, Samuel told him
“Has the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold to obey is better than sacrifice and to heed than the fat of rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because you have rejected the word of the Lord, He has also rejected you from being king.” 

Then Samuel told Saul to bring the Amalekite King Agag to him and Saul did. And Saul told Agag “As your sword has made women childless so shall your mother be childless among women” and cut Agag to pieces. (1 Samuel 15:33)

Later on in the first of the Books of Samuel, David fights the Amalekites.

In the second book of Samuel, a man told David that he is the son of an Amalekite and that he happened to be on Mount Gilboa after the battle. The man said that Saul asked him who he was and he told him “an Amalekite”. The Amalekite said that Saul asked him to kill him so that the Philistines couldn’t torture him and he killed Saul. David said the man was a murderer because he killed the King of Israel so David cut his head off. 

In the Books of Chronicles, there is a family tree which says that Esau became the father of Eliphaz and Eliphaz became the father of Amalek.

Mark Vanmoerkerke

Mark Vanmoerkerke (18 September 1952 – 26 October 2022) was a Belgian senator and businessman.

Vanmourkerke served as a member in the Belgian Senate from 1994 to 1995 for the Christian Social Party.

Vanmoerkerke became an entrepreneur and was owner of the Belgian holiday park group Sunparks, succeeding his father Rudolf Vanmoerkerke. In 2018, he became a majority shareholder in real estate firm "QRF City Retail". Mark Vanmoerkerke was also an art lover and had an impressive collection that he housed in his 'Vanmoerkerke Collection'.

Vanmoerkerke died on 26 October 2022, aged 70.

Agag

Agag was the name of a person in the Tanakh and Old Testament who was a king of Amalek.

In the Book of Numbers, Balaam has a prophecy predicting the victory of the Israelites over their enemies. In it, Balaam says “Their king will be greater than Agag, their kingdom will be exalted”. (Numbers 24:7) 

In the Books of Samuel, Saul chooses not to kill King Agag of the Amalekites and takes him prisoner instead so the Lord sends Samuel to Saul to tell him that he will no longer be king of Israel because he is being punished for not killing Agag. Saul then kills Agag by cutting him to pieces at Gilgal.

In the Book of Esther, Haman is known as the son of Hammadata the Agagite and as Haman the Agagite, enemy of the Jews. An Agagite would be someone who is a descendant of Agag. 

Wheel in the Sky

"Wheel in the Sky" is a 1978 song by Journey and taken from their fourth studio album "Infinity". It went to number 12 in South Africa, number 45 in Canada and number 57 in the United States.

Boron trifluoride

Boron trifluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula BF. This strong-smelling, colourless, and toxic gas forms white vapor in moist air. It is a useful Lewis acid and a versatile building block for other boron compounds.

Unlike the aluminium and gallium trihalides, the boron trihalides are all separate molecules that do not attach to each other. They undergo rapid halide exchange reactions.

Movin' Out (Anthony's Song)

"Movin' Out (Anthony's Song)" is a 1977 song by Billy Joel and taken from his fifth studio album "The Stranger". It went to number 11 in Canada, number 17 in the United States, number 31 in New Zealand and number 35 in the United Kingdom and was turned into a musical in 2002.




Haman

Haman the Agagite was a person from the Book of Esther. He was known for a plan to kill all the Jews but was hanged on the gallows he built to hang Mordechai.

Haman son of Hammedatha the Agagite was an advisor to King Ahaseurus. Haman wanted everyone to bow down to him but a Jew named Mordechai refused to do that. So Haman convinced King Ahaseurus to give him the power to make his own laws as if he were the king. Haman then started casting lots called Purim to figure out when to kill the Jews. Queen Esther then invited Ahaseurus and Haman to a feast and asked them to go to another one after it. Haman noticed that Mordechai still wouldn’t bow to him and complained about it to his wife Zeresh so Zeresh told Haman to build a gallows to hang Mordechai. Haman built the gallows but then Ahaseurus rewarded Mordechai for saving his life by forcing Haman to lead Mordechai across town on a horse shouting “so shall be done for the man whom the king wishes to honour”. Then Esther told Ahaseurus that she was secretly a Jew and Haman wanted to kill her and all her tribe. So Ahaseurus had Haman hanged on the same gallows Haman had built to hang Mordechai. 

My Life (Billy Joel song)

"My Life" is a 1978 song by Billy Joel and is the leading single from his sixth studio album "52nd Street". It went to number 1 in Zimbabwe, number 2 in South Africa, number 3 in Canada, Ireland and the United States, number 4 in Switzerland, number 6 in Australia, France and New Zealand, number 11 in Austria, number 12 in the United Kingdom and number 13 in Spain. It was used as the theme song to ABC sitcom "Bosom Buddies" from 1980 to 1982.

Ahaseurus

Ahaseurus was a King of Persia from the Book of Esther. He is normally identified with Xerxes I in modern translations but it is actually debated which king he was with older traditions saying that he was Artaxerxes I.

Ahaseurus asks for his wife Queen Vashti to come to his feast with her crown on but she refuses so Ahaseurus’s advisor Memuchan tells him to make a law that every man is his wifes master and that he get rid of Vashti. Ahaseurus does but he wants to get a new wife and ends up marrying Esther She opts not to disclose to him that she is. Jewish because Mordechai told her it would be dangerout if anyone knew. Esther then warned Ahaseurus that his servants Bigtan and Teresh were trying to poison him so Ahaseurus had them executed. Esther told Ahaseurus that Mordechai was the one who told her about the plan. Ahaseurus made Haman his advisor and gave him the power to make his own laws as if he were the king. When Esther came to Ahaseurus without an invitation, a crime punishable by death, Ahaseurus let her and gave her the feast she asked for with Haman there too. Then Ahaseurus remembered that he did nothing to reward Mordechai for saving him so he had Haman take him on a horse across the city saying “this shall be done for the man whom the king wishes to honour”. At the second feast, Esther told Ahaseurus that she was a Jew and that Haman wanted to kill her and her people. While Ahaseurus’s servant Charbonnah told Ahaseurus that Haman was planning to kill Mordechai. So Ahaseurus had Haman hanged on the gallows Haman had built to kill Mordechai and gave Mordechai Haman’s job. Moredechai and Esther asked Ahaseurus to cancel the law Haman had made and Ahaseurus told them that he couldn’t so he instead gave Mordechai the same power he had given Haman so Mordechai could give the Jews the right of self-defence so that they could use violence to fight back against and kill their enemies on the day Haman had chosen for the Jews to die. So after the Jews won, the Jews started to celebrate their victory with a holiday called Purim. 

Honesty (Billy Joel song)

"Honesty" is a 1979 song by Billy Joel and is the third track from his sixth studio album "52nd Street". It went to number 1 in France, number 8 in South Africa, number 10 in Italy, number 16 in Canada, number 20 in Zimbabwe, number 24 in the United States and number 29 in France and was covered by Beyoncé in 2008.




Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance

The Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance is a Grammy Award given to musicians who have made very good rock music. It was made in 2012 to combine three other award groups: Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance, Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and Best Rock Instrumental Performance. In 2014, hard rock performances were put into the award group. This is because the Grammy Awards got rid of the Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance award.

Fat Bottomed Girls

"Fat Bottomed Girls" is a 1978 song by Queen and taken from their seventh studio album "Jazz". It was a double A-side to "Bicycle Race" and went to number 7 in France, the Netherlands and Norway, number 10 in Ireland, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Canada, number 20 in New Zealand and number 24 in the United States.

Rafael Tolói

Rafael Tolói Cavaliere OMRI (born 10 October 1990) is an Brazilian-Italian footballer who plays as a centre-back and a defensive right-back for Serie A club Atalanta and the Italy national team.

Goiás

São Paulo

Italy

Roman Yaremchuk

Roman Olehovych Yaremchuk (Ukrainian: Роман Олегович Яремчук; born 27 November 1995) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Belgian First Division A club Club Brugge and the Ukraine national team.

Indonesia Raya

"Indonesia Raya" (Jawi: إندونيسيا راي, ; "Indonesia the Great") is the national anthem of Indonesia.

Martin Braithwaite

Martin Christensen Braithwaite (born 5 June 1991) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for La Liga club Espanyol and the Denmark national team. He plays mainly as a forward, but he can also play as a winger.

Yusuf Demir

Yusuf Demir (; born 2 June 2003) is an Austrian-Turkish professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Swiss Super League club Basel, on loan from Galatasaray, and the Austria national team.


Helter Skelter (song)

"Helter Skelter" is a 1968 song by The Beatles and taken from their 1968 album "The Beatles" known as "The White Room". It was written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon for Apple Records. Along the other tracks from the album it was influenced by cult leader Charles Manson and his followers.

Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves

"Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves" is a song by Eurythmics and Aretha Franklin and featured on both "Be Yourself Tonight" and "Who's Zoomin' Who?". It went to number 5 in Ireland, number 6 in New Zealand, number 9 in Finland and the United Kingdom, number 15 in Australia, number 17 in the Netherlands, number 18 in the United Kingdom and number 20 in Switzerland. It was covered by The Pointer Sisters in 2005.

7-inch

12-inch

Leval, Nord

Leval is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

La Neuville, Nord

La Neuville is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

La Flamengrie, Nord

La Flamengrie is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Hargnies, Nord

Hargnies is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Nord

Fontaine-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Cerfontaine, Nord

Cerfontaine is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Bingham, Maine

Bingham is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Cambridge, Maine

Cambridge is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Caratunk, Maine

Caratunk is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Cornville, Maine

Cornville is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Detroit, Maine

Detroit is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Embden, Maine

Embden is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Harmony, Maine

Harmony is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Hartland, Maine

Hartland is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Jackman, Maine

Jackman is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Madison, Maine

Madison is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Mercer, Maine

Mercer is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Moose River, Maine

Moose River is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Moscow, Maine

Moscow is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

New Portland, Maine

New Portland is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Palmyra, Maine

Palmyra is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Pittsfield, Maine

Pittsfield is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Ripley, Maine

Ripley is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

St. Albans, Maine

St. Albans is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Smithfield, Maine

Smithfield is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Solon, Maine

Solon is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Starks, Maine

Starks is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States.

Belmont, Maine

Belmont is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Brooks, Maine

Brooks is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Burnham, Maine

Burnham is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Frankfort, Maine

Frankfort is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Freedom, Maine

Freedom is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Islesboro, Maine

Islesboro is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Jackson, Maine

Jackson is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Knox, Maine

Knox is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Liberty, Maine

Liberty is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Lincolnville, Maine

Lincolnville is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Monroe, Maine

Monroe is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Montville, Maine

Montville is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Morrill, Maine

Morrill is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Northport, Maine

Northport is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Palermo, Maine

Palermo is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Prospect, Maine

Prospect is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Searsmont, Maine

Searsmont is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Stockton Springs, Maine

Stockton Springs is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Swanville, Maine

Swanville is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Thorndike, Maine

Thorndike is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Troy, Maine

Troy is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Unity, Maine

Unity is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Waldo, Maine

Waldo is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Winterport, Maine

Winterport is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.

Addison, Maine

Addison is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Alexander, Maine

Alexander is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Baileyville, Maine

Baileyville is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Beals, Maine

Beals is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Beddington, Maine

Beddington is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Charlotte, Maine

Charlotte is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Cherryfield, Maine

Cherryfield is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Columbia Falls, Maine

Columbia Falls is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Columbia, Maine

Columbia is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Cooper, Maine

Cooper is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

DWMA-TV

DWMA-TV (channel 4) is a regional television station of Philippine television network In Southern Luzon Owned Operated People's Television Network. Its transmitter is located at Pacol Road, Brgy. San Felipe, Naga, Camarines Sur.

UHF Channel 46 (665.143 MHz)

Crawford, Maine

Crawford is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Danforth, Maine

Danforth is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Deblois, Maine

Deblois is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Dennysville, Maine

Dennysville is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

East Machias, Maine

East Machias is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Harrington, Maine

Harrington is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Jonesboro, Maine

Jonesboro is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Jonesport, Maine

Jonesport is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Machiasport, Maine

Machiasport is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Marshfield, Maine

Marshfield is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Meddybemps, Maine

Meddybemps is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Milbridge, Maine

Milbridge is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Northfield, Maine

Northfield is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Perry, Maine

Perry is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Princeton, Maine

Princeton is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Albína Dratvová

Albína Dratvová (2 January 1892 – 1 December 1969) was a Czech philosopher, associate professor of philosophy at Charles University. 
She was one of the first few women to be habilitated during the First Czechoslovak Republic. She worked for to natural philosophy and methodology, the relationship between natural sciences and positivism. She also helped with her positions to the emancipation movement of modern women.

Robbinston, Maine

Robbinston is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Roque Bluffs, Maine

Roque Bluffs is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Steuben, Maine

Steuben is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Talmadge, Maine

Talmadge is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Topsfield, Maine

Topsfield is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Vanceboro, Maine

Vanceboro is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Waite, Maine

Waite is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Wesley, Maine

Wesley is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Whiting, Maine

Whiting is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Whitneyville, Maine

Whitneyville is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Acton, Maine

Acton is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Arundel, Maine

Arundel is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Berwick, Maine

Berwick is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Dayton, Maine

Dayton is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Hollis, Maine

Hollis is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Kennebunk, Maine

Kennebunk is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Lebanon, Maine

Lebanon is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Limerick, Maine

Limerick is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Limington, Maine

Limington is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Lyman, Maine

Lyman is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Newfield, Maine

Newfield is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

North Berwick, Maine

North Berwick is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Old Orchard Beach, Maine

Old Orchard Beach is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Parsonsfield, Maine

Parsonsfield is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

Waterboro, Maine

Waterboro is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

York, Maine

York is a town in York County, Maine, United States.

When Tomorrow Comes

"When Tomorrow Comes" is a 1986 song by Eurythmics and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Revenge". It went to number 4 in Sweden, number 5 in Norway, number 7 in Australia, Finland and Sweden, number 12 in Spain, number 13 in Ireland, number 18 in Belgium, number 19 in the Netherlands, New Zealand and South Africa and number 30 in the United Kingdom. It was not released in Canada and the United States.



Best of Both Worlds (Van Halen song)

"Best of Both Worlds" is a 1986 song by Van Halen and taken from their seventh studio album "5150". It was ranked as the best single from their album 5150 and only charted in the Billboard mainstream rock at 12.

Dreams (Van Halen song)

"Dreams" is a 1986 song by Van Halen and is the second single from their seventh studio album "5150". It went to number 22 in the United States, number 51 in Australia and number 85 in Canada. It went to appear in the 1995 movie "".

Down House

For the second part of his life, Charles Darwin lived in Down, Kent with his family. The family owned the house for just over 60 years (1842–1906). It was in Bromley, Kent and now it is in the London Borough of Bromley.

This is where the Origin of Species was written, and all his later books.

Down House was bought in 1996 by English Heritage, with a grant from the Wellcome Trust. It was restored with funds raised by the Natural History Museum from many trusts, and from a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund. It was reopened to the public in April 1998.

The room where Darwin wrote all his later books has been restored as it was in his time. The house, gardens and Darwin's workroom can be seen by visitors.

Cat Scratch Fever (song)

"Cat Scratch Fever" is a 1977 song by Ted Nugent and taken from the album of the same name. It has been covered by Motörhead and Pantera for the 1999 movie "Detroit Rock City".

The Essential Billy Joel

The Essential Billy Joel is a greatest hits album by Billy Joel and released on 2 October, 2001 through Sony BMG. It went to number 14 in New Zealand, number 15 in the United States, number 50 in Australia and number 66 in Ireland.

All songs written by Billy Joel.

Bursa

Bursa can mean:






Who's Zoomin' Who

"Who's Zoomin' Who" is a 1985 song by Aretha Franklin and is the title track to her 30th studio album "Who's Zoomin' Who?". It went to number 7 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Ireland, number 23 in New Zealand and number 38 in Australia.

Trump Heights

Ramat Trump (, English for "Trump Heights") is a planned village in the Golan Heights in northeastern Israel. It is named after and in honor of the 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump. Its elevation is . 

When the United States under President Donald Trump, officially recognized the Golan Heights as a part of Israel, as well as all of Jerusalem as the capital city of Israel, the Israeli government under the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, honored Donald Trump, by founding the village with a small ceremony in 2019.

Israeli settlements in the Golan Heights are widely regarded as illegal (against the law) under international law, but the Israeli government rejects this. Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria in the Six Day War of 1967. Then they annexed it as a part of Israel in 1981.

The village will be under the jurisdiction of the Golan Regional Council. This is in the Northern District. It is the first community in Israel and Israeli-occupied territories named after a sitting American president since Kfar Truman, which was named in honor of President Harry Truman, who supported the establishment of the State of Israel.

Jannat Zubair Rahmani

Jannat Zubair Rahmani (born 29 August 2001) is an Indian actress. She mainly acts in Hindi-language television shows and movies. She is known for playing Kashi in "Kashi – Ab Na Rahe Tera Kagaz Kora", Phulwa in "Phulwa" and Pankti in "Tu Aashiqui". She participated in Colors TV's stunt-based reality show "" as a contestant and became fourth.

Joining Forces

Joining Forces is a United States government initiative. It seeks to support the families, caregivers, and veterans of members of the United States Armed Forces. This was founded and launched by Michelle Obama and Jill Biden.

The purpose of Joining Forces are to work with national employers to ease the ability of military spouses to find jobs when they have to relocate to work on improving educational circumstances for the children of military families. They often have to change schools and to work with mental health providers to facilitate access to services for military families and caregivers.


Clary, Nord

Clary is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Herrin, Nord

Herrin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Merville, Nord

Merville is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Le Favril, Nord

Le Favril is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Maroilles, Nord

Maroilles is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Poix-du-Nord

Poix-du-Nord is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Pradelles, Nord

Pradelles is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Ramillies, Nord

Ramillies is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Roucourt, Nord

Roucourt is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Rombies-et-Marchipont

Rombies-et-Marchipont is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Rieux-en-Cambrésis

Rieux-en-Cambrésis is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Sains-du-Nord

Sains-du-Nord is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Crèvecœur-sur-l'Escaut

Crèvecœur-sur-l'Escaut is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Briastre

Briastre is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Socx

Socx is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Oisy, Nord

Oisy is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Carnin

Carnin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Bray-Dunes

Bray-Dunes is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Bouvines

Bouvines is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Glageon

Glageon is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Bugnicourt

Bugnicourt is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Hyloscirtus antioquia

Hyloscirtus antioquia is a frog. It lives in Colombia in the northern part of the Cordillera Central mountains. Scientists have seen it between 2500 and 3200 meters above sea level. It lives in cloud forests and subpáramos.

The adult male frog is 53.4-58.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult females frog is 58.6-63.4 mm long. This frog has strong, thick, front legs.

The skin of the frog's back is red-brown in color with orange marks. Toward the back of the body, the skin is yellow. The sides of the legs are black with yellow stripes with some blue-gray on them. The toes are gray with black stripes going across. The climbing disks on the toes are gray. The belly is gray. The iris of the eye is gray with red-brown lines.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings change the places were it lives to build towns and cities. It can also die from disease. The fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" can kill this frog.

The scientific name of this frog is for the Grupo Herpetologico de Antioquia. People are not sure what "antioquia" means, but it might be "mountain of gold."

Monte Sant'Angelo

Monte Sant'Angelo is a city in southern Italy. Monte Sant'Angelo is in the Apulia Region and has 11,375 people. It is on the southern slopes of Monte Gargano.

Monte Sant'Angelo is twinned with:

Manfredonia

Manfredonia is a city in southern Italy. Manfredonia is in the Apulia Region. About 56,000 people live there.

Alberobello

Alberobello is a city in southern Italy. Alberobello is in the Apulia Region and has 10,735 people. It is famous for its "trullo" buildings. The "trulli" of Alberobello became a UNESCO World Heritage since 1996.


Vallecorsa

Vallecorsa is a "comune" in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region of Lazio.


San Giovanni Rotondo

San Giovanni Rotondo is a city in southern Italy. San Giovanni Rotondo is in the Apulia Region. About 27,000 people live there.

Settimo Torinese

Settimo Torinese is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 47,000 people live there.

Viale Bligny

The Viale Bligny is a street in the center Milan, it is the street where the prestigious Bocconi University stands. 

Viale Bligny is located not far from the Quadronno district, which was classified in 2024 as the fourth most expensive district in all of Italy. Viale Bligny is a commercial street in the centre of the Italian city of Milan. The street is considered a luxury street in Milan, with numerous trendy restaurants.

In Viale Bligny the artist Maurizio Cattelan has a studio where he created many of his most famous works.

Viale Bligny is an internationally renowned, fashionable, and LGBTQ+ friendly street. Bocconi University was the first in Italy to create gender-neutral toilets accessible from Viale Bligny. It’s also known for its gourmet offerings with a diverse selection of cuisine from around the world. The restaurants and bars in the area are quite upscale, with aperitifs starting at 18 euros and street food and hamburger sandwiches priced at 25 euros. Consequently, the street is frequented by students and professors from the Bocconi University Master’s programs, while undergraduate students tend to favor the Via Ripamonti area.

The cost for apartment need from 7,000 to 10,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 20,000 euros per metre; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 3,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).

Viale Bligny is a street in the center of Milan, home to commerce, culture and entertainment, artists such as Maurizio Cattelan, or TV personalities such as Gerry Scotti and Guido Meda usually frequent the area, as well as a residential area, with wealthy foreign students and professors of Bocconi SDA Masters from all over the world. Viale Bligny is currently known for being the gay friendly district of Milan, especially in the area around Viale Sabotino.

The neighborhood belongs to historic Milanese families and restaurants and clubs are generally expensive.

From Viale Sabotino (Porta Romana) to Via Col di Lana, Viale Bligny is part of the exclusive Bocconi district.

The street is 1000 meters long. It links with Viale Sabotino and Corso Italia.

Streets inside this area include Viale Sarfatti, Viale Sabotino and the Parco Ravizza, the park where Bocconi Campus students go to study and play sports. In the Ravizza Park there is an open-air art gallery.


Viale Bligny is considered part of the healthiest central Milan area of ​​the city, considering factors such as air pollution, but also access to high quality food bars and restaurants, proximity to hospitals and the presence of large parks and green areas.



Lombriasco

Lombriasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Coudekerque-Branche

Coudekerque-Branche is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 20,851 people lived there.


Broxeele

Broxeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 399 people lived there.


Bruay-sur-l'Escaut

Bruay-sur-l'Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 11,258 people lived there.


Bruille-lez-Marchiennes

Bruille-lez-Marchiennes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,361 people lived there.


Somogyvámos

Somogyvámos is a Hungarian village located around 30 kilometres south of Lake Balaton. In 2019 around 800 people lived in the village.

The village attracts around 30000 annual tourists, mainly because of the popularity of the Krisna Valley eco-village, which is near Somogyvamos.

The ruins of a 13th century church are located near the village, and attract many visitors each year.

Bruille-Saint-Amand

Bruille-Saint-Amand is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,667 people lived there.


Brunémont

Brunémont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 709 people lived there.


Somogyvár

Somogyvár is a Hungarian village located around half way between Lake Balaton and Kaposvár. In 2023 the population consisted of around 1698 residents.

The village has a small station which is located along line number 36 of Máv Hungarian railways. It is served by frequent trains to Kaposvár, Fonyód Györ, as well as Pécs during weekends.

Busigny

Busigny is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,456 people lived there.


Buysscheure

Buysscheure is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 609 people lived there.


Caëstre

Caëstre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,019 people lived there.


Cagnoncles

Cagnoncles is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 618 people lived there.


Cysoing

Cysoing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,849 people lived there.


Mara language

Mara is a Kuki-Chin language spoken by Mara people, mostly the Tlosaih tribe living in 30 villages of Chhimtuipui district, southern Mizoram, India and the close villages in Burma.

The Mara (Tlosaih) languages are from the Kuki-Chin branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family. The speakers of the languages are also known as Mara (Tlosais).

Mara is a recognised language in the Mara Autonomous District Council (MADC) school curriculum. Mara is a compulsory subject for all schools up to class VII (middle school) under the Board of School Education, MADC.

Genech

Genech is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,827 people lived there.


Camphin-en-Pévèle

Camphin-en-Pévèle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,499 people lived there.


Guardabosone

Guardabosone is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Lamporo

Lamporo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Lignana

Lignana is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cellio con Breia

Cellio con Breia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It was created on 1 January 2018 by the merger of the former "comuni" of Breia and Cellio.

Breia

Breia is a "frazione" of Cellio con Breia in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. 

Cellio

Cellio is a "frazione" of Cellio con Breia in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Livorno Ferraris

Livorno Ferraris is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Max Hamburgers

MAX Burgers is a Swedish fast food restaurant chain that was founded in 1968. The company aims to be part of the solution in transforming the global food system by offering healthier fast food options and becoming the world's first "climate positive" fast food restaurant chain. MAX Burgers has won several awards for its products and is committed to being a more sustainable and eco-friendly fast food chain. MAX Burgers has locations in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Poland, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates.

Lozzolo

Lozzolo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Mollia

Mollia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Moncrivello

Moncrivello is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Motta de' Conti

Motta de' Conti is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Febris

Febris was the Roman goddess of fever. She would give people fevers and also protect them from malaria. Ancient Roman people were scared of her and wish her to not to do harm. 

Febris was described as honest and shrewd. She was invoked with the formula "Febris diva, Febris sancta, Febris magna" (Goddess Fever, Holy Fever, Great Fever). Febris had two daughters named Dea Tertiana and Dea Quartiana who were goddesses of fevers that are caused by malaria. Febris may have originated from Februus the god of purification.

Olcenengo

Olcenengo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Oldenico

Oldenico is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Palazzolo Vercellese

Palazzolo Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pertengo

Pertengo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pezzana

Pezzana is a "comune" of about 1,000 people in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pila, Piedmont

Pila is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Piode

Piode is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Postua

Postua is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Prarolo

Prarolo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Quarona

Quarona is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Quinto Vercellese

Quinto Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rassa

Rassa is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rive, Piedmont

Rive is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Roasio

Roasio is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ronsecco

Ronsecco is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rossa, Piedmont

Rossa is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rovasenda

Rovasenda is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Linselles

Linselles is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 8,275 people lived there.


Amore (Alessandra Mussolini album)

Amore is the only album by Alessandra Mussolini. It was released in Japan by Alfa Records in 1982 and produced by Miki Curtis. Italian, English and Japanese were used in the album.

In 1982 Mussolini and her mother visited Japan. Mussolini had not sung before, but when asked, her mother said she can sing for an advertisement. Mussolini said "When I sang in Japan, Cristiano Malgioglio (author of some songs on the album) saved me". The album was first shown in Italy on Canale 5 in 1996.

In 2000, a copy of the album was sold in London for 10 million lira. In 2021, while interviewed by Canale 5, Mussolini performed "Tokyo Fantasy", a song on the album.

Side 1:

Side 2:


Fontaine-Notre-Dame

Fontaine-Notre-Dame is the name of two communes in France:

I Can't Tell You Why

"I Can't Tell You Why" is a 1980 song by Eagles and taken from their sixth studio album "The Long Run". It went to number 5 in Canada, number 8 in the United States, number 11 in New Zealand and number 48 in the Netherlands.



Halluin

Halluin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 20,743 people lived there.


Neuville-en-Ferrain

Neuville-en-Ferrain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 10,264 people lived there.


Roncq

Roncq is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 13,482 people lived there.


Marquette-lez-Lille

Marquette-lez-Lille is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 10,798 people lived there.


Salasco

Salasco is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Palazzo Anelli

The Palazzo Anelli is a residential building designed in 1955 by Gian Carlo Malchiodi located in Via Anelli 7, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties. The palace is in continuity with the Malchiodi Palace to which it leans, always designed by Gian Carlo Malchodi.

The facade is made with 2x2 ceramic mosaic of light gray color with a base in pastel green marble slabs. 

Malchodi designed three different buildings in via Anelli (at number 7, 9 and 13) between 1954 and 1957 following the influence of Galmanini.

The Palazzo Anelli has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.


• Design: 1953-1955
• Execution: 1955
• reference date: 1953 - 1955


Sali Vercellese

Sali Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ava Adore

"Ava Adore" is a 1998 song by American band the Smashing Pumpkins and is the lead single from their fourth studio album "Adore". It went to number 1 in Iceland, number 2 in Greece, number 5 in New Zealand and also went to the top twenty in Hungary, the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Australia, Canada and Ireland.

All songs written by Billy Corgan

Saluggia

Saluggia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

It is known for the production of beans.

Palazzo Forti

The Palazzo Forti is a residential building designed in 1957 by Giordano Forti and Camillo Magni located in Via Viale Beatrice d'Este 16, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani realize the two masterpieces not far away, among them adjacent to Viale Beatrice d'Este 24 known as The abstract house and Viale Beatrice d'Este 26 known as Palazzo Perogalli.

The Palazzo Forti has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.

• Design: 1954-1957
• Execution: 1955
• reference date: 1955 - 1957




San Germano Vercellese

San Germano Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

San Giacomo Vercellese

San Giacomo Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Santhià

Santhià is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Rommerskirchen

Rommerskirchen is a municipality in Rhein-Kreis Neuss in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.



Palazzo Vigentina

The Palazzo Vigentina is a residential building designed in 1956 by Gian Carlo Malchiodi located in Corso di Porta Vigentina 1, near Crocetta square, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

The palace has a view of the ancient Spanish walls of Milan built in 1548 by order of the governor Ferrante Gonzaga. Only in the second half of the seventecend did they become a romantic public walk on a project by Giuseppe Piermarini who transforms the walls into real panoramic elevated avenues in which from every point it was possible to observe both the profile of the Alps and the Cathedral of Milan. In 1889 the Berruto Plan brought the walls with an activity that ended only in 1950, and a pedestrian Albertata walk along the avenue was created according to the large Cesare Berruto project parallel to the road, the project was never carried out.

The Palazzo Forti has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.

• Design: 1954-1956
• Execution: 1954
• reference date: 1955 - 1956




Vöcklabruck

Vöcklabruck is a town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is the capital of the Vöcklabruck District.


Palazzo Vigoni

The Palazzo Vigoni is a residential building designed in 1956 by Luigi Caccia Dominioni located in Via Giuseppe Vigoni 13, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

The Palazzo Forti has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.

Structures: reinforced concrete beams and pillars

• Design: 1955-1959
• Execution: 1956
• reference date: 1957 - 1959




Palazzo Gardella

The Palazzo Gardella is a residential building designed in 1955 by Ignazio Gardrella located in Via Paolo Marchiondi 7, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties., The building is also known as the house at the "Giardini d'Ercole" and owes its name to the secret garden of Arcadia, which overlooked on the one hand towards Corso di Porta Romana and, on the other, on a private park inside which a eighteenth -century statue depicting Hercules was placed who kills the lion.

The Palazzo Forti has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.


• Design: 1949-1955
• Execution: 1955
• reference date: 1949 - 1955




Casa della Meridiana

The Casa della Meridiana is a residential building designed in 1955 by Giuseppe De Finetti located in Via Paolo Marchiondi 3, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

The complex of the Meridiana house is also partially divided into the autiguous via San Calimero. The complex part was built in 1929-30 and represents the only realization of the largest complex of stately residences.

The last two levels of the complex, organized with an apartment by floor, end with a large villa with terraces and hanging garden as well as a scenic semicircle staircase. On the ground floor there is a monumental entrance staircase and a long gallery open on the internal courtyard. The facade shows a sober classicism with four large pilasters that draw the base and a smooth surface with plaster that enhances the regularity of the openings, reconnecting to the coeval architecture of the Milanese twentieth century.




Via Quadronno

Via Quadronno It is a road in the Center of Milan, considered one of the most luxurious areas of the city of Milan is known for the presence of numerous masterpieces building of the 1950s design that wind through the "7 streets", and name the whole neighborhood, known as the "Quadronno District". The Quadronno area is one of the most expensive in all of Italy.




Variable (computer science)

A variable in a program is a place where data is stored and put it or set. In most computer languages it is used by typingcodice_1, or codice_2.

Have a Nice Day (Bon Jovi song)

"Have a Nice Day" is a 2005 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the taken from their ninth studio album of the same name. It went to number 2 in Spain and Sweden, number 3 in Belgium. number 6 in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Austria, Germany, Greece, Hungary and Italy and number 8 in Finland and Norway, number 10 in Switzerland and number 18 in Ireland.

Digital single

CD single

Import single

Germany CD 1

Germany CD 2

Quick Escape

"Quick Escape" is a 2020 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the third single from their 11th studio album "Gigaton". It charted on the United States Billboard rock charts and Canadian rock charts.

Vandalism on Wikipedia

On Wikipedia, vandalism is the result of a user doing bad edits to Wikipedia. Users who do vandalism on Wikipedia are trying to damage Wikipedia on purpose. Vandals are users that do vandalism. Wikipedia does not accept vandalism. Vandals are usually blocked by Wikipedia's admins. Vandalism on Wikipedia is an example of trolling.

Some vandals may add nonsense or joke around in a bad way. Others may try to remove content, or they may replace good content with bad content, such as hyperlinks that can lead to abusive or offensive content. There are some vandals that edit Wikipedia so that they can attack other people or add offensive content. Some vandals try to add intentionally wrong content, called hoaxes, which make Wikipedia look misleading.

Wikipedia tries their best to allow all pages to be edited freely. Because anyone can edit Wikipedia, it is easy for a vandal to destroy a page, with the exception of protected pages. Admins can protect a page to prevent some users from editing that page, which can reduce vandalism but also may prevent some good edits. There are some Wikipedia bots that can detect and remove vandalism faster than any human editor.

Some vandalism attempts on Wikipedia have ended up being notable. The Seigenthaler incident was a major incident on Wikipedia that happened in May 2005, because a user wrote false and shameful statements on a biographical article about John Seigenthaler, Sr..

If You Love Somebody Set Them Free

"If You Love Somebody Set Them Free" is a 1985 debut single by Sting and taken from his debut studio album "The Dream of the Blue Turtles". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 5 in Canada, number 6 in New Zealand, number 13 in Belgium, number 15 in Ireland, number 18 in Australia, number 19 in Sweden, number 23 in France, number 26 in the United Kingdom and number 28 in Switzerland.

7" US and Canada single (AM-2738)

12" US single (SP-12132)

12" US promotional single (SP-17324)

12" France single (392 018-1)

Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic

"Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic" is a 1981 song by English band The Police and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Ghost in the Machine". It topped the single charts in Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Australia and Italy, number 3 in Belgium and the United States, number 5 in Norway, number 7 in New Zealand, number 12 in South Africa and number 15 in Finland.



Livin' on a Prayer

"Livin' on a Prayer" is a 1986 song by the American rock band Bon Jovi and is the second single from their third studio album "Slippery When Wet". It went to number 1 in Canada, New Zealand, Norway and the United States, number 2 in the Netherlands and Sweden, number 3 in Australia and Belgium and number 4 in Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.

It's My Life (Bon Jovi song)

"It's My Life" is a 2000 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the first single from their seventh studio album "Crush". It went to number one in Austria, Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Spain, and Switzerland, while reaching the top 10 in several countries and also went to number 33 in the United States.

Helmetta, New Jersey

Helmetta is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, 2,455 people lived there.

Cranbury, New Jersey

Cranbury is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, 3,842 people lived there.

Scopa, Piedmont

Scopa is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Scopello

Scopello is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont, in the Valsesia region. It is known for its winter ski resort.

Serravalle Sesia

Serravalle Sesia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Stroppiana

Stroppiana is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Tricerro

Tricerro is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town

"Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town" is a 1993 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the tenth track from their second studio album "Vs." and was later included in their greatest hits album "rearviewmirror (Greatest Hits 1981-1993)".

Rob Herwig

Rob Herwig (9 September 1935 – 27 October 2022) was a Dutch writer. Herwig wrote books about gardening and houseplants. Between 1965 and 2016 he wrote over eighty books. His book "Groot Bloemen- en Plantenboek" (translated: The Great Flower and Plant Book) was published in 1966 and 250000 copies this book has been dold. His books have been translated into 22 languages. Over nine million copies of his books has been sold.

Herwig died on 27 October 2022, aged 87.

The Headies

The Headies is a music awards show. It was created in 2006 by the Hip Hop World Magazine of Nigeria. This aims to recognize great works in the Nigerian music industry. The show is organized every year. It features performances by artists. The 1st and 2nd editions of "The Headies" were held at the Muson Center, Onikan, Lagos State.

Ayo Oritsejafor

Ayodele Joseph Oritsegbubemi Oritsejafor, known as Papa Ayo Oritsejafor, is the founding and Senior pastor of Word of Life Bible Church, located in Warri, Nigeria. He became the national president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) on 7 February 2005, a position he held for five years.
In July 2010, Oritsejafor was elected president of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), the umbrella body of all Christians in the country. In doing so he became the first Pentecostal leader to hold the position.
Oritsejafor was the first to launch a Miracle crusade from Africa to a world audience through satellite in 1987 with evangelist Joe Martins.
Ayo Oritsejafor was born on November 10 into the family of Mr. Joseph Monday Oritsejafor and Mrs. Roli Durojaiye Oritsejafor in Lagos, Nigeria.

His mother is a committed member of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC).
In 1972, Oritsejafor became "born again" in an evangelical crusade held in Sapele, Nigeria. Oritsejafor enrolled at the All Nations For Christ Bible Institute, Benin City, Nigeria.

Oritsejafor further enrolled with the Nigerian Baptist Seminary, Ogbomosho in Oyo State, Nigeria and later went in 1979 to the United States for further studies at Morris Cerullo's School of Ministry (El Cortez), San Diego, California.

According to him, he had a vision of himself wearing a suit and was preaching to thousands of people and he heard a voice that said to him, "This is what you are going to be doing the rest of your life" and the voice said, "Take my word to the world". This is the inaugural vision that led to the founding of the Word of Life Bible Church (WLBC) in November 1987. He hosts Hour of Deliverance, a television program which had its debut in 1980.

Oritsejafor says he owes all his life's accomplishments to God, and his success in ministry he attributes to the influence of God-given mentors like Archbishop Benson Idahosa, Dr. Moris Cerullo, Evangelist Robert W. Schamback, and Evangelist Tommy L. Osborn among others.

Oritsejafor is a promoter of leadership by example. This is evident in the role he played in bringing the crisis in Niger Delta area of Nigeria to an end.
Oritsejafor sees himself as a servant of God and an instrument through which God ministers to the spiritual and physical needs of people.
He places emphasis on salvation, repentance, holiness, deliverance and empowerment of the less privileged, through social responsibility programmes. Over the years, he has condemned wastefulness and encouraged giving back to the society, regardless of religion or race.
He offers scholarships to students in need in various tertiary, secondary and elementary institutions both within and outside Nigeria irrespective of tribe or denomination.

In December 2005, Oritsejafor and his wife Helen partnered with Flight Micro Finance Bank to start an empowerment programme for the people. Oritsejafor, ever since, makes it a tradition to empower the less privileged and to reduce the sufferings of families all over at the end of every December.

On 26 December 2016, the Word of Life Bible Church in conjunction with the Eagle Flight Micro Finance Bank held the poverty alleviation programme in Warri.

On 23 May 2020, Oritsejafor and his wife Helen gave out some food items to the people "in order to cushion the effect of the coronavirus pandemic on the masses".

Oritsejafor set up African Broadcasting Network, an international satellite Christian television station intended to serve as a voice for the gospel of Christ from Africa to the world. ABN is a satellite channel broadcasting from London, with a coverage that spans across the whole of Africa, parts of Asia and parts of Europe. ABN is currently viewed in 75 countries world-wide and online through WebTV.

Go Now

"Go Now" is a 1964 song by Bessie Banks and the best known version is The Moody Blues where it topped the single charts in the United Kingdom and also went to number 2 in Canada, number 4 in Ireland and number 10 in the Netherlands and the United States.

Stranded (Heart song)

"Stranded" is a 1990 song by American hard rock band Heart and is the third single from their 10th studio album "Brigade". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 13 in the United States and number 60 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch, cassette, and mini-CD single

US CD single

UK 12-inch and CD single

Johnny Drille

John Ighodaro (born July 5, 1990), popularly known as Johnny Drille, is a Nigerian singer and songwriter. He was known he released a cover of Di'ja's 2014 hit song titled "Awww" in January 2015. He is currently signed under Mavin Record label.

Johnny Drille was born and raised in Edo state, He is from a family of seven, including his father who is a clergyman and mother.

Johnny Drille graduated from the University of Benin, Benin City, where he received a (B.A hons)Bachelor of Arts degree in English and Literature.

His first exposure where he got public attention was on the sixth(6th) season of "Project Fame West Africa" in 2013. although he didn't win the competition, but the experience was all it took him to set out a career in music. January 2015, he released his cover version of Di'Ja's song titled "Awww" which caught the attention of the mavins records boss "Don Jazzy". instantly, Don Jazzy followed him on twitter and praised him for his effort, that was Johnny Drille's first contact with Don Jazzy. His debut single titled "wait for me" was released 2015.

Aprica

Aprica is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.


Crazy (Aerosmith song)

"Crazy" is a 1994 song by American hard rock band Aerosmith and is the final single from their 1993 album "Get a Grip". It went to number 1 in Iceland, number 3 in Canada and number 17 in the United States. It was released as a double A-side single with "Blind Man", reaching number 8 in Finland and number 23 in the United Kingdom.

Vlotho

Vlotho is a town in Herford, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Trino

Trino () is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about northeast of Turin and about southwest of Vercelli, at the foot of the Montferrat hills.

Trino is next to these municipalities: Bianzè, Camino, Costanzana, Fontanetto Po, Livorno Ferraris, Morano sul Po, Palazzolo Vercellese, Ronsecco, and Tricerro.

Trino was the site of Enrico Fermi Nuclear Power Plant. The Romanesque church of San Michele in Insula which were built in the 10th–11th centuries. It has 12th-century frescoes. The Lucedio Abbey is in the comune.

Trino is twinned with:


Alash–Orda

Alash Autonomy, or officially Alash Orda was an independent unrecognized Kazakh Turkic state in Central Asia and partly in Eastern Europe. It had territories from modern Kazakhstan and modern Russia. 

It has a very important role in Kazakh History and all of Turkic History. The 1st and last President of Alash Orda was Alikhan Bukeikhanov, the descendant of kazakh khan of Middle Juz — Bukey Khan. Alikhan was from Turkic dynasty Törä. It was the part of Juchid part of Genghisid dynasty. 

The use of the word Alash was famous in Kazakh culture, Alash is a group of the Kazakhs. It means the name of the Autonomy can be used to tell it's Kazakh. The ruling party wanted autonomy to unite all Turkic people in Central Asia but the idea failed.

Camino, Piedmont

Camino is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Tronzano Vercellese

Tronzano Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Valduggia

Valduggia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villarboit

Villarboit is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villata

Villata is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vocca

Vocca is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Varallo Sesia

Varallo Sesia, commonly known as Varallo, is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is in Valsesia.

On 1 January 2018, Sabbia became a part of the comune.

Sabbia

Sabbia is a "frazione" of Varallo in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Morano sul Po

Morano sul Po is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castelletto d'Erro

Castelletto d'Erro is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Fossano

Fossano () is an Italian city in Piedmont. It is the fourth-largest city of the Province of Cuneo, after Cuneo, Alba and Bra. About 24,400 people live there.

Castelletto d'Orba

Castelletto d'Orba is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Samone, Piedmont

Samone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sava

The Sava (; ; ) is a river in Central and Southeast Europe, a right tributary of Danube at Belgrade. It flows through Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.

The Adventures of Paddington Bear

The Adventures of Paddington Bear is a Canadian and French Animated Childrens Television Series Co-Produced by CINAR Corporation and Protécréa in Co-production with Canal J (Season 1-2) and with the Participation of Teletoon ITV (Season 1-2) and TF1 

Brčko

Brčko () is a city and the administrative seat of Brčko District, in northern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is on the banks of Sava river across from Croatia. As of 2013, 39,893 people lived here.

Braceface

Braceface is a Disney Channel Canadian/Chinese children's animated television series produced by Nelvana and Jade Animation. It was produced with the participation of Teletoon and Disney Channel.

Rupert (TV series)

Rupert was a 1991-97 Canadian French and English animated children's television series co-produced by Canadian studio Nelvana and French animation studio Ellipse Programme (Season 1-3) and produced in association with YTV Canada Inc, (Season 1 3 and 5) Playhouse Disney Nickelodeon Nick Jr. Qubo France 3 Toon Disney Television South and Scottish Television (Season 2-5) and With The Participation Of The Government Of Canada Canadian Film Or Video Production Tax Credit Program (Season 5) and Center National De Da Cinematographe (Season 1-3)

Medialab Technology

Medialab Technology is a French animation technology 2D and 3D studio in Paris, France.

Ellipsanime

Ellipsanime (formerly known as Le Studio Ellipse, Ellipse Programme and Ellipse Animation) is a French animation studio. It produces television programs. It was founded in 1987.

Babar (1989-2000) (co-produced) with Nelvana and Kodansha (season 6)

Blazing Dragons (1996-1998) (co-produced) with Nelvana

Doug (1992-1994) (co-produced) with Nelvana Jumbo Pictures and Games Animation

La Familia Pirate (1999-2004) (co-produced) with Trickopmany Filmproduktion GMBH and Motion International

The Adventures Of Tintin (1991-1992) (co-produced) with Nelvana

Rupert (1991-1997) (co-produced) with Nelvana TVS Television and Scottish Television 

Wow! Wow! Wubbzy! (season 3 only co-produced with Starz Media Film Roman and Bolder Media) 

The Jungle Book (season 3 only co-produced with DQ Entertainment International) 

Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends

'Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends' is a children's television series produced by Cartoon Pizza, Nelvana, Portfolio Entertainment, 9 Story Entertainment, Studio 306, The Canadian Film or Production Tax Credit, Canadian Television Fund, Shaw Rocket Fund, Ontario Production Tax Credit, AbsoluteDigital Pictures and Callaway Arts & Entertainment as a follow-up to Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids. it was based on the children's book by David Kirk. In the United States and Canada, the series aired on Nickelodeon and Treehouse TV 44 episodes were produced.

Future (rapper)

Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn (born November 20, 1983), better known as Future is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer who has worked with Drake, Juice Wrld and Lil Wayne. In 2019, Future, Kendrick Lamar, Jay Rock and James Blake won the Best Rap Performance category at the 61st Grammy Awards for the song "King's Dead".

Šabac

Šabac () is a city and the administrative center of the Mačva District in western Serbia. It is on the right bank of the river Sava. According to the 2011 census, the city has 53,919 people lived there. The administrative area has 118,347 people lived there.

What About Mimi?

What About Mimi? is a Canadian-American children's animated educational television series. It was co-produced by Nelvana, Decode Entertainment and Studio B Productions, and produced in association with Treehouse TV and PBS Kids.

Babar and the Adventures of Badou

Babar and the Adventures of Badou is a computer-animated television series for children. It was first broadcast in 2010. The series is based on the characters created by Jean and Laurent de Brunhoff. The series takes place several years after the original series. It has added new characters to the Babar universe. These include Badou. He is Babar's 8-year-old grandson and the protagonist of the series. The series is made for Disney by Nelvana, TeamTO and LuxAnimation, in co-production with TF1 with the Participation of Playhouse Disney France/The Walt Disney Company France. 65 episodes were made for three seasons.

The English version of the series first aired on September 6, 2010 in Australia on ABC2. It aired in France on TF1's TFOU strand on November 8, 2010, and in Canada on YTV on November 22, 2010. On September 16, 2010, Disney and Nelvana Enterprises said that the series would air in the United States on Playhouse Disney. The series started on June 13, 2010.

"Babar and the Adventures of Badou" was renewed for a second season. It began airing on Disney Junior on March 25, 2013. The third season aired from 2015 to 2016. The fourth season aired from 2019 to 2020.

Alec Benjamin

Alec Benjamin is an American indie pop singer-songwriter. He is known for his songs "Let Me Down Slowly", "Paper Crown" and "Water Fountain".

Gérardmer

Gérardmer is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Gérardmer is twinned with:


Babar (TV series)

Babar is a children's animated television series. It is based on the books Co-produced by Nelvana Limited Ellipsanime and Kodansha (2020-2037) with Teletoon (2020-2027) Treehouse TV (2027-2037) HBO Canal+ France 3 and TF1.

Babar is a 2000 animated television series that airs on Nickelodeon witch the series is a Nickelodeon show and produced for Nickelodeon by Nelvana alongside Ellipsanime Kodansha and Sony Pictures Television since the seven season 

The 2000 series aired on Noggin from November 6, 2005 from September 27, 2009

The show airs on Nickelodeon (Nick Jr block). and the Nick Jr. Channel (United States) Teletoon and Ici Radio-Canada Télé (Canada)

Mr Moon (TV series)

Mr Moon is an animated television series for children. It was co-produced by by Sparky Animation, Skaramoosh London (seasons 1-2), Telecinco Cinema (season 3), and Title Entertainment. The series has 52 episodes. Each episode is 12 minutes long

Knowledge Network

Knowledge Network, or British Columbia's Knowledge Network, is an educational television network in British Columbia, Canada.


Calais, Maine

Calais is a city in Washington County, Maine, United States.

Gardiner, Maine

Gardiner is a city in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.

Hallowell, Maine

Hallowell is a city in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.

Hyloscirtus criptico

The cryptic torrenteer ("Hyloscirtus criptico") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it 2175 to 2794 meters above sea level. It lives in the Cordillera Occidental in the Andes Mountains. It lives in cloud forests.

The adult male frog is about 60.90 - 64.88 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 60.8 - 72.0 mm long. The male frog has a dark belly and the female frog has a lighter belly. The skin of the frog's backis dark brown with small spots of white or orange. There are dark brown stripes on the legs. There is a light colored area near the rear end. The iris of the eye is gray in color.

The scientists named this frog "criptico" or "cryptic," or "strange." This is because they at first thought the frogs they caught were "Hyloscirtus larinopygion".

Clash of the Titans (tour)

Clash of the Titans was a concert tour that happened in September to October 1990 and May to July 1991. The main musicians for the tour were American thrash metal bands Slayer and Megadeth. The tour was made to help sell copies of the two bands' new albums, "Rust in Peace" and "Seasons in the Abyss". The tour happened at two different times. The first was in Europe (with Testament and Suicidal Tendencies) and the second was in the United States (with Anthrax and Alice in Chains). Clash of the Titans is one of the most successful heavy metal tours ever.

Toon City

Toon City is a Filipino animation studio located in Manila.

Toon City has provided animation for:


Feature films


Ochtezeele

Ochtezeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 385 people lived there.


Cantaing-sur-Escaut

Cantaing-sur-Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 404 people lived there.


Wambrechies

Wambrechies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 10,608 people lived there.


Cantin

Cantin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,685 people lived there.


Capinghem

Capinghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,537 people lived there.


Cappelle-en-Pévèle

Cappelle-en-Pévèle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,268 people lived there.


Cappelle-la-Grande

Cappelle-la-Grande is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 7,920 people lived there.


Condé-sur-l'Escaut

Condé-sur-l'Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. It is on the border with Belgium. In 2019, 9,515 people lived there.


Rabi Koria

Rabi Koria (22 February 1988 – October 2022) was a Syrian born-Dutch visual artist. He lived in the Netherlands in Utrecht.

Koria graduated from the Utrecht School of the Arts. He created with oil paint tableaux of tiles. In 2015 he won the (translated: Royal Prize for Free Painting) awarded by King Willem-Alexander for the tile tableau "Homs", a reference to the Syrian city of Homs. Koria fled Syria as a child with his family. However, the jury was not aware of that.

The work has been on display at the Faculty of Law of Leiden University since 2016. In 2017 he was also one of the nominees for the .

In August 2017, Koria received a work grant for young talent from the Mondriaan Fund. In 2019 Koria was nominated for the biennial Scheffer Prize of the Dordrechts Museum, an incentive prize for young artists who focus on painting.

In 2021 he created "Circumambulatio", a work of art that rises from the ground in a cloister: a tableau of 722 tiles over which oil paint flows in colorful drips.

On 25 October 2022, it was announced that Koria died at the age of 34.

Ahrntal

Ahrntal () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is on the border with Austria.

Joseph Kinsch

Joseph Kinsch (2 May 1933 – 20 October 2022) was a Luxembourgian entrepreneur. Kinsch was the leader of ArcelorMittal, one of the largest steel companies in the world.

Kinsch started his career in 1960 at ARBED. In 1975 he was appointed director of financial affairs. In 1992 he became general manager of one of the then largest steel concerns, Arcelor Steel. When this was taken over by Mittal Steel, he became CEO of this company. Kinsch retired on 13 May 2008.

In 2012, then Prime Minister of Luxembourg, Jean-Claude Juncker awarded him the Order of Merit of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Kinsch died in Luxembourg City on 20 October 2022, aged 89.

Aldein

Aldein () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in north Italy. It is about south of the city of Bolzano.
Aldein is next to the these municipalities: Bronzolo, Montan, Deutschnofen, Auer, Truden and Ville di Fiemme. It has the "frazione" Radein (Redagno).


Madam Auring

Aurea Elfero, known professionally as Madam Auring (11 March 1940 – 30 October 2020), was a Filipina fortune teller and actress. According to her own account, she was one of "the five most famous women in Asia in the 1990s". She died on 30 October 2020, at the age of 80.

Algund

Algund () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Niederdorf, South Tyrol

Niederdorf () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Altrei

Altrei () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Aleidis Dierick

Aleidis Dierick (born Aleidis Verbruggen; 27 July 1932 – 17 October 2022) was a Belgian poet.

Born in 1932, Dierick was the daughter of Renaat Verbruggen, who fled with her family to Ireland after the liberation of Belgium from Nazi occupation. In 1975 Dierick made her debut with her award-winning poem "Vrouw zijn" (translated: Being woman) in "DW B". In 1977 her debut collection "‘Een zomer voorzien" (translated: A summer foreseen) was published as an anniversary edition in the magazine. She would in total publish twelve poetry collections.

In 2013, Arie Boomsma compiled a poetry collection entitled "Waarom ben je niet bij mij?" (translated: Why are you not with me?), in which he included a poem by Dierick. He read that poem on 26 September 2013 in the Dutch television program De Wereld Draait Door.

Dierick died in Mere on 17 October 2022, aged 90.


Vittoria, Sicily

Vittoria is an Italian city in Sicily. Vittoria is in the Province of Ragusa. 64,212 people live there, which makes it the second largest city by population in the province, after Ragusa.

San Severo

San Severo is an Italian city in Apulia. It is in the Province of Foggia. 51,919 people live there.

San Severo is twinned with:

Reggiolo

Reggiolo is a "comune" in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Football manager Carlo Ancelotti was born here.

Reggiolo is twinned with:

Aichwald

Aichwald is a municipality in Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Peter Stein

Peter Stein (1 September 1927 – 14 October 2022) was a German-born Dutch jurist and professor, specialized in civil law.

In 1966 he was appointed professor at the University of Amsterdam with a teaching position in civil and commercial law. On 17 October of that year he held his inaugural lecture entitled "Vorming en hervorming van het privaatrecht" (translated: Formation and reform of private law). As of 1974, his mandate was expanded to civil procedural law. During his time as professor, he was also dean of the Faculty of Law of the University of Amsterdam for a period of time. Under the abbreviation PAS, he was also a frequent annotator (someone who provides a legal commentary on a verdict, judgment or decision of a judge or judicial panel) for the . He was an opponent of the introduction of the new "Burgerlijk Wetboek". His textbook "Compendium van het burgerlijk procesrecht" (translated: Compendium of Civil Procedure) had had over 20 reprints.

Stein retired as a provessor on 1 October 1992. His valedictory lecture was entitled "Fiducia cum amico". Upon his retirement, he was offered a "Festschrift" entitled "Te PAS".

Stein died in Amsterdam on 14 October 2022, aged 95.

Hugo Camps

Hugo Camps (12 May 1943 – 29 October 2022) was a Belgian journalist, columnist and writer. 

Camps has published in both Belgian and Dutch magazines and wrote several books in particular about football and cycling. He worked for over thirty-five years for "Elsevier Weekblad" , for which he wrote a weekly interview and a column about sports until his death.

Camps died in Knokke on 29 October 2022, aged 79.


Beautiful Day

"Beautiful Day" is a 2000 song by the Irish rock band U2 and is the first single from their tenth studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind". It went to number 1 in Australia, Canada, Finland, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Scotland, Spain and the United Kingdom and reached the top 10 in Austria, Belgium, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden and Switzerland. It also went to number 21 in the United States.

Erchin

Erchin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 686 people lived there.


Carnières

Carnières is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,020 people lived there.


Doignies

Doignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 326 people lived there.


The Case of The Scorpion's Tail

The Case of the Scorpion's Tail (Italian: La coda dello scorpione / Tail of the Scorpion) (1971), also known in Italian English as The tail of the scorpion, is a giallo film directed by Sergio Martino. The film scene revolves around a widow, who gets murdered by a unknown robber, and her money is stolen. 

In Italy, a mysterious black gloved killer stalks the streets in Athens. A widow named Lisa Baumer says that her husband, Kirk, has died in a plane crash. While spending her time in a hotel with Philip, Lisa is killed by the robber, stabbing her in the belly with a switchblade. The robber then steals the money and leaves. 

Next morning, private detective Peter Lynch and his friend, Cleo Dopunt, become the two detectives. Meanwhile, Lara Florakis and George Barnet are both killed by the robber. While Abad Shariff comes to save them, he leaves the car and in the end of which, he comes in the dark, but the robber stabs him with a switchblade and causes him to fall from a rooftop. The next day, Cleo is about to be killed by the robber, and Peter saves her, but Peter is shot by two of his coast guards. 

Space (Latin American TV channel)

Space is a Latin American subscription television channel of Argentine origin. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery and operated by WarnerMedia Latin America. The channel is aimed at young people and adults (between 14 and 45 years old).

Space was launched on the air on March 11, 1991 by the company "Imagen Satelital" of Argentine businessman Alberto González and was the first 24-hour movie channel in Latin America. The channel's programming, with a strong emphasis on cinema, was made up of films from the United States, Hispanic and international, thematic cinematographic blocks and boxing events.

In May 1997, it passed into the hands of Cisneros Television Group (which in 2000 became Claxson Interactive Group when it merged with Ibero American Media Partners and the portal El Sitio), after it acquired Image Satelital. In April 2002, together with a renewal of the image, other entertainment options are included in the programming, such as artistic specials.

The channel also begins to be distributed throughout Latin America in July 2009, which until now had had a strong presence in the Southern Cone. This was accompanied by a complete renovation of the corporate image and logo.

In 2009, an HD simulcast was launched and, since 2011, has included the option of a second audio track in English.


Power Girl

Power Girl, also known as Kara Zor-L and Karen Starr, is a superheroine appearing in American comic books by DC Comics, making her first appearance in All Star Comics #58.

Parallax (character)

Parallax, also known as the Parallax Entity and the Parallax Parasite, is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics and the overarching antagonist of the "Green Lantern" franchise.

It is a terrifying cosmic entity is known as the Embodiment of the Yellow Light of Fear and holds a significant role as the central figure within the Yellow Lantern Corps, which is led by Sinestro. It stands alongside other formidable foes such as Eclipso, Zachary Zor, Azmodus and the Butch, as one of the five archenemies of The Spectre. Furthermore, it serves as a dark reflection of Ion, another powerful entity within the universe. One of its most chilling abilities is the capability to possess others, thereby inflicting unimaginable horror throughout the vast expanse of the cosmos. Its malevolent influence was prominently showcased when it took control of Hal Jordan, serving as the main antagonist during the Emerald Twilight and Zero Hour crossover events. Not limited to its possession of Hal Jordan, it has also exerted control over other notable individuals, including Sinestro, Ganthet, Flash, and Kyle Rayner.

Sistema Único de Boleto Electrónico

The SUBE card (standing for Sistema Único de Boleto Electrónico; literal English translation: "Unique Electronic Ticket System"), is a system implemented in Argentina as of 2011 that allows each user with their respective smart card to pay for trips on buses, subways, trains, among other means of transportation. transport adhered to the 'Red SUBE', both in public transport in the Metropolitan Area of ​​Buenos Aires (AMBA) and in the interior of the country.

The SUBE Card is similar to other solutions implemented in highly concentrated cities, both in Argentina (Rosario, Córdoba, Posadas, Salta or San Miguel de Tucumán, Bahía Blanca) and in the rest of the world (London, Paris, Hong Kong, Seoul, Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Bogotá, Santiago de Chile, Asunción, Montevideo or Andalusia).

It is the only valid payment method for all public transport services in the City of Buenos Aires since December 10, 2015.

The distribution of the cards was initially carried out free of charge; All you had to do was complete a form and present a document that validates the applicant's identity. To this end, a strong promotional campaign was launched and collection centers were set up.

The SUBE card arrived in the big cities of Argentina in 2015. This was announced by the Ministry of the Interior and Transport, which published resolution 1535/2014 in the Official Gazette to implement the SUBE throughout the country. country. Other urban agglomerations to join the system are San Juan and Partido de la Costa (Province of Buenos Aires). 

On January 5, the Goverment presented the card in Villa Gesell. On February 2, the SUBE was inaugurated in the cities of Paraná and Santa Fe, capitals of the provinces of Entre Ríos and Santa Fe, respectively. It was also implemented in Mendoza and in Formosa.

In December 2019, a digital version of the "SUBE card" was presented. This would allow paying for public transport using an Android cell phone with NFC technology. It works even without mobile data in the system. cell phone. This application would enable users to travel without carrying a physical card.

At the time of the presentation, it was estimated that its launch would take place between five and seven months later.

Another mobile application for Android called "Carga SUBE" allows, by bringing the physical card close to an NFC-compatible cell phone, reading the balance, the last trips made and activating electronic charges.

Meet the Woo 2

Meet the Woo 2 (alternatively titled Meet the Woo, Vol. 2) is the second mixtape by American rapper Pop Smoke. It was released by Victor Victor Worldwide and Republic Records on February 7, 2020. The deluxe edition of the mixtape was released on February 12, 2020. Guest appearances on the mixtape include Quavo, A Boogie wit da Hoodie, Fivio Foreign, Lil Tjay, Nav, Gunna, and PnB Rock. It is the final recording released before Pop Smoke was murdered during a home invasion. 

In January 2020, Pop Smoke said when his mixtape "Meet the Woo 2" would come out. In that month, Pop Smoke announced his first tour, called Meet the Woo Tour. Pop Smoke had planned to start his tour in the United States in March 2020 and end it in the United Kingdom the following month. A few weeks after, "Meet the Woo 2" was released on February 7, 2020. The deluxe version of "Meet the Woo 2" was released on February 12, 2020.

"Meet the Woo 2" is a drill, hip hop, and electronic mixtape. In the first song of his mixtape, "Invincible," Pop Smoke says he knows what it's like to live in the streets. The next song is a drill song called "Shake the Room" featuring Quavo.The music in it has soft bass sounds and instruments made of wood that make a calm sound. It also has voices singing together in a way that sounds good. The hip hop song "Get Back" has music that includes a sound like a horn and strings, a smooth melody played on a piano, a beat played by a bass, and also sounds like police sirens. The words that Pop Smoke sings in the song are him saying to his enemies that they should not come near him. In the drill track "Christopher Walking", Pop Smoke talks about how he's like the character Frank White played by Christopher Walken. He also says that he likes expensive Dior clothes, flashy jewelry, and shooting his enemies on the street. The song includes parts of the lyrics from 50 Cent's 2005 song called "Window Shopper."

In the song "Element," Pop Smoke sings words that are mean and scary over music that sounds creepy. Back in November 2019, Pop Smoke went to the United Kingdom to make a song with Charlie Sloth called "Fire in the Booth, Pt. 1." Later, the song was released again as a single called "Armed N Dangerous (Charlie Sloth Freestyle)". In the lyrics, Pop Smoke talks about being part of the Crips gang through his family or friends. The song "Mannequin," that features Lil Tjay, uses lyrics from Ariana Grande's song "7 Rings". Pop Smoke and Lil Tjay rap a tribute to fortune in this pop and trap song. The song "Dreaming" doesn't have a clear sound and mostly sounds quiet and low. The song "She's Got a Thing" has vocals in the background, and the lyrics are about sex. The bonus track "Dior" is a single that belongs to the drill and hip hop genre, and its lyrics are about dating women and shopping for the latest clothing. The final bonus track is a drill and hip hop song named "War" that features Lil Tjay.

A few days before to the release of "Christopher Walking", the mixtape's lead single, Pop Smoke shared a preview of it on Instagram. In the preview, Pop Smoke called out fellow Brooklyn rappers Casanova and Smoove L, referring to them as "Trashanova" and "Scary L". "Christopher Walking" was later released on January 16, 2020. On the same day that the song was released, Brennan Rowe-directed music video for "Christopher Walking" was also made available. As Pop Smoke drives through New York, he shows his style of clothing and accessories and talks with fans along the way. In a later scene, old clips of Malcolm X, Blank Panther demonstrations, and other significant Black Americans are mixed together.

On March 28, 2020, "Shake the Room" was made available as the second single from the mixtape. On the same day that the song's single was released, a music video for it was as well. It was created by Virgil Abloh in January 2020 in Paris during Paris Fashion Week. It was Pop Smoke's first music video released following his death. In the video, Pop Smoke and Quavo can be seen enjoying around a variety of activities in Paris, such as driving in a red Ferrari. The song reached its positions at number 93 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and 76 on the UK Singles Chart.

The single "War" was released on October 4, 2019. On October 28, 2019, a music video made by JLShotThat for the song was released. The music video, shot in black-and-white, features footage of Pop Smoke and Lil Tjay in a big mansion, riding motorcycles, performing live, and ending a show. After Pop Smoke was killed, "War" entered the Canadian Hot 100 chart, reaching its highest spot at number 100 and staying on the chart for one week, as reported in the March 6, 2020, chart. "Element" also reached its highest spot on the Canadian Hot 100 chart, peaking at number 90.

On July 26, 2019, "Dior" was first released as the sixth track on Pop Smoke's first mixtape "Meet the Woo". On February 11, 2020, "Dior" was released as the third and final single from "Meet the Woo" on American rhythmic contemporary radio. JLShotThat made the music video for the song, which was released on September 3, 2019. In the music video, Pop Smoke is seen with a group of men and women dancing to the song in a strip club next to a parking lot. After Pop Smoke died, "Dior" became his first hit as a solo artist after his death. The song reached number 49 on the "Billboard Hot 100" chart. When Pop Smoke's first album released after his death, called "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" (2020), "Dior" reached number 22 on the Hot 100 chart. In November 2020, "Dior" was nominated for Best Rap Performance at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.

Pop Smoke performed "Dior" live in October 2019 on MTV's "Total Request Live" spinoff program "Fresh Out Friday". He performed "Dior" for VevoDSCVR a month later, a platform highlighting up-and-coming young musicians. He performed "Dior" and "War" live at a Rolling Loud event in Los Angeles, California, later in December of that year. A hologram of Pop Smoke performing "Dior" on stage had its debut at the Yard Club in Paris, France, in February of the following year, not long after he died.

"HipHopDX" writer Bernadette Giacomazzo stated with upbeat sounds on "Meet the Woo 2", Pop Smoke's "raw growling" was shocking and loud, but thought it was also effective. Erin Lowers for "Exclaim!" said that even though the sound of Pop Smoke's voice was already unique to set him apart from other musicians from New York, he said the record "feels timely," and there is "energy" felt in his songs that keep the listener hooked. He declared that "Meet the Woo 2" would allow people to remember his personality forever. Fred Thomas of AllMusic mentioned it has "unrelentingly raw energy" that makes it one Pop Smoke's best mixtapes. He claimed that each song on the mixtape is filled with pleasure and disaster and is loaded with the "same tension that fills the room right before a fight breaks out. " He says in his conclusion that Pop Smoke made something that is "exhilaratingly bleak" and "always ready to explode".

In a less positive review, Steve "Flash" Juon of "RapReviews" mentioned that the mixtape "regretfully" did not meet his expectations. He said that as a lyricist, Pop Smoke was "'just there' – not terrible, not brilliant, just okay." He did, however, say that "Meet the Woo 2" showed that Pop Smoke had future potential. Writing for "NME", Kyann-Sian William said the mixtape features "slightly lackluster" songs, commenting that when A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie raps on "Foreigner", he gives a "sloppy delivery" and thought the song should not be on the mixtape. Although, she said the mixtape was for "the mosh-pitting party-goers". Reed Jackson of "Pitchfork" said while "Meet the Woo 2" is "all sort of sounds like 'Party'", it did not get the same attention as his first mixtape "Meet the Woo" because of its production and sound.

With sales of 36,000 album-equivalent units, including 5,000 pure album sales in its first week, "Meet the Woo 2" debuted at number seven on the US "Billboard" 200 dated February 22, 2020, giving Pop Smoke his first top-10 hit in the United States. The mixtape also peaked at number five on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for having sold more than 500,000 album-equivalent units in the United States.

On the February 14, 2020, edition of the UK Albums Chart, "Meet the Woo 2" debuted at number 22. The mixtape received attention following Pop Smoke's murder and reached number 16 on the chart for the week ending February 28, 2020, giving the rapper his first top-20 success in the United Kingdom. For sales of 100,000 album-equivalent units in the United Kingdom, the British Phonographic Industry certified the mixtape silver. "Meet the Woo 2" further peaked within the top-30 of charts in Australia, Canada, Denmark, the Netherlands, Finland, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and on the Belgium Flanders chart.

Notes

Sample credits

Performers

Technical

Pro Pinball: The Web

Pro Pinball known in Europe as Pro Pinball: The Web is a pinball simulation video game developed by Cunning Developments and published in North America by Empire Interactive and Interplay Entertainment for European publishing. Released in 1996 for PlayStation, MS-DOS, Macintosh, Windows 95, and Sega Saturn.

This is the first in the "Pro Pinball" series, which is the player moving the pinball with 3D model and pre-rendered graphics. "Pro Pinball: The Web" supports screen resolutions up to 1024x768 with 32,768 colors, and featured Red-Book CD-DA audio tracks.

Ualá

Ualá is an Argentine neobank and the largest fintech bank in Argentina and Latin America, linked to a Mastercard prepaid card.

Ualá was launched in Argentina in October 2017 and Mexico in January 2019. It was founded by Pierpaolo Barbieri and financed by international investors like Soros Fund Management, Jefferies investment bank, General Catalyst Partners (investor in Snapchat, Airbnb and Kayak), Bessemer Venture Partners (investor in LinkedIn, Skype and OLX), Point72 Ventures and Kevin P. Ryan.

Franklin, New Hampshire

Franklin is a city in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 8,741 people lived there.

Somersworth, New Hampshire

Somersworth is a city in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

East New England English

East New England English is the umbrella term for the dialects of American English that are native to the eastern half of the New England region of the United States of America.

Smartglasses

Smart glasses or smartglasses are a type of wearable computer like devices worn as eyeglasses or sunglasses. They include most of the features of smartphones, albeit, in a much smaller package. They are similar to smartwatches.

Pierpaolo Barbieri

Pierpaolo Barbieri (Born, May 17, 1987) is an Argentine economic historian, researcher, Executive Director at Greenmantle, founder of the personal finance application Ualá, He is also the author of the book "La Sombra de Hitler".

Barbieri is also an economic analyst and has published articles in newspapers and magazines such as the Spanish newspaper "El País", where he writes regularly, "Foreign Affairs", "The New York Times", "The Financial Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "CNN", "The New Republic", "Weekly Standard" and the Argentinian newspapers "Perfil", "Clarín" and "La Nación".

Ministry of Health (Argentina)

The Ministry of Health () of Argentina is a ministry of the national executive power that oversees, elaborates and coordinates the Argentine national state's public health policy. The ministry is responsible for overseeing Argentina's highly decentralized universal health care system, which according to 2000 figures, serviced over half of the country's population.

Lluís Claret

Lluís Claret (born 1951 in Andorra la Vella) is an Andorran cellist.


Wonder Man

Wonder Man (Simon Williams) is a fictional character. He appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. It was created by writer Stan Lee and artists Don Heck and Jack Kirby. He first appeared in "The Avengers" #9 (October 1964). 

The character, who was introduced as a supervillain with "ionic" energy, fought the Avengers. After a series of events, he was reborn as a superhero joining the team against which he originally fought.

Wonder Man will make his debut in the upcoming Disney+ series of the same name set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and will be played by actor Yahya Abdul-Mateen II.

Vision (Marvel Comics)

The Vision is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most often associated with the Avengers, originally built as a weapon by Ultron to use against the heroes Vision became self-aware and decided to cast aside his old master in favor of being a hero instead and has remained, more or less, a loyal member of the Avengers ever since. Vision is a synthetic being similar to a robot or android but is fully sentient, being capable of understanding and even feeling human emotions.

Vision's capability for humanity climaxed in many ways by him becoming the husband of fellow Avenger Scarlet Witch - although their relationship has struggled he has for the most part been portrayed as loyal, even amidst the chaos that is the life of an Avenger.

He was created by Roy Thomas and the late John Buscema, and first appeared in "The Avengers #57" in October of 1968.

The character is played by English actor Paul Bettany in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "" (2015), "" (2016), and "" (2018), the television miniseries "WandaVision" (2021), and the animated series "What If...?" (2021).

War Machine

War Machine (James Rupert "Rhodey" Rhodes) is a superhero. He appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), James Rhodes was first played by Terrence Howard in "Iron Man" (2008). This takes place before he took on the War Machine mantle.

Then it was played by Don Cheadle in "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Iron Man 3" (2013), "" (2015), "" (2016), "" (2018), "Captain Marvel" (2019), "" (2019), the television series "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021) and "Secret Invasion" (2023), the animated series "What If...?" (2021) and the upcoming movie "Armor Wars".


Vatican Museums

The Vatican Museums are the public museums of the Vatican City. 

They have works from the collection by the Catholic Church and the papacy throughout the centuries. They include several of the most renowned Roman sculptures and most important masterpieces of Renaissance art in the world. It has more than 70000 collections and 20000 arts and artifacts.

2015–16 Austrian Cup

The 2015–16 Austrian Cup was the 82nd season of Austria's cup competition. FC Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champion.

Signed, Sealed, Delivered, I'm Yours

"Signed, Sealed, Delivered, I'm Yours" is a 1970 song by Stevie Wonder and was taken from his 12th studio album "Signed, Sealed & Delivered". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom and number 19 in Canada.

In 1977 Peter Frampton recorded a cover for his fifth studio album "I'm in You". It went to number 13 in Canada and the United States.

In 2003 British boy band Blue recorded a version of "Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours)" with Stevie Wonder and Angie Stone for their third studio album "Guilty". It went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Italy. It charted the highest in Denmark where it peaked at #7. 

All Rise (song)

"All Rise" is a 2001 song by British boy band Blue and is the debut single from their debut studio album of the same name. It topped the single charts in New Zealand, number 3 in Australia, Hungary, Norway and Sweden, number 4 in Denmark, Belgium and the United Kingdom and number 11 in Canada.

UK and Australian CD single

UK cassette single and European CD single

Canadian CD single

Niardo

Niardo () is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

It was the birthplace of Saint Obitius (Obizio), who is one of the comune's patron saints.

Niardo is twinned with:

Bianzone

Bianzone is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Villa di Tirano

Villa di Tirano is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Chiuro

Chiuro is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.


LaSirena69

Antonella Alonso (born 9 June 1990) is a Venezuelan pornographic actress. She is also known by her stage name LaSirena69.


Andrian, South Tyrol

Andrian () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Auer, South Tyrol

Auer () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Laives

Laives () is a city and "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is one of only five mainly Italian speaking municipalities in South Tyrol, and the fourth largest municipality in the province.


Greatest Hits: 1985–1995

Greatest Hits: 1985-1995 is a greatest hits album by American hard rock band Heart and was released on 27 June, 2000. It is the follow-up to their 1998 greatest hits album "Greatest Hits"".

Laives, Saône-et-Loire

Laives is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Cassel, Nord

Cassel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,265 people lived there.


Le Cateau-Cambrésis

Le Cateau-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 7,030 people lived there.


Bed of Roses (Bon Jovi song)

"Bed of Roses" is a 1993 song by the American rock band Bon Jovi and is the second single from their fifth studio album "Keep the Faith" (1992). It went to number 2 in Canada, number 4 in Iceland, number 9 in the Netherlands and Switzerland, number 10 in Australia, Germany, Portugal and the United States and number 13 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.

Gwacheon

Gwacheon () is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. In 2010, it has about 72,000 people lived there.

Tauriko

Tauriko is a suburb in Tauranga, Bay of Plenty region. It is home to the Tauranga Crossing complex and has State Highway 29 and State Highway 36 passing through the area. There is a primary school in the suburb. Its neighbouring suburbs are Greerton to the east, Pyes Pā to the southeast, Gate Pā to the northeast and Bethlehem to the north.

Anseong

Anseong () is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. It is south of the South Korean capital Seoul. About 190,000 people live there.

Fast-Walking

Fast-Walking is a 1982 American prison crime drama movie directed by James B. Harris and is based on the 1974 novel "The Rap" by Ernest Brawley. It stars James Woods, Tim McIntire, Kay Lenz, Robert Hooks, M. Emmet Walsh.


Deûlémont

Deûlémont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,818 people lived there.


Landrecies

Landrecies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,482 people lived there.


Le Quesnoy

Le Quesnoy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,870 people lived there.


Leffrinckoucke

Leffrinckoucke is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,207 people lived there.


Cattenières

Cattenières is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 682 people lived there.


Caudry

Caudry is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 14,121 people lived there.


Caullery

Caullery is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 452 people lived there.


Cauroir

Cauroir is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 567 people lived there.


La Chapelle-d'Armentières

La Chapelle-d'Armentières is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 8,577 people lived there.


Faculty of Humanities, Charles University

The Faculty of Humanities, Charles University is a faculty of Charles University in Prague, Czech Republic. Its main focus is the humanities and social and cultural anthropology, including ethnomusicology. Located in Libeň, Prague 8, the faculty has 240 faculty members and about 2,500 students.

The Faculty of Humanities is the youngest faculty of Charles University. Founded as the Institute for Liberal Education () in 1994, the faculty gained full academic autonomy in 2000.

The first dean of the faculty was the former Minister of the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports Jan Sokol. Sokol ran for President of the Czech Republic in the 2003 election but lost to Václav Klaus. He was replaced in 2007 by Ladislav Benyovszky. The current acting dean is Marie Pětová.

In 2013, Czech President Miloš Zeman refused to approve the professorship of anthropologist Martin C. Putna at the faculty for Putna's involvement in Prague Gay Pride in 2011. After many protests from academic and broader circles, Zeman capitulated. Putna was appointed by the Minister of Education Petr Fiala in June 2013.

The faculty's main building used to be located at U Kříže 8, Jinonice district, Prague 5, with two separate facilities, one in Hůrka district, Prague 13, and another at Máchova street 7, Prague 2. The faculty moved to a new building in Libeň, Prague 8 in 2020. The new building won a national architecture award in 2021. 

The faculty's three-floor library is located beneath the university building on náměstí Jana Palacha by Staroměstská metro station.



Chilton, Suffolk

Chilton is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 367 people living in Chilton.

Copdock and Washbrook

Copdock and Washbrook is a civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 1,114 people living in Copdock and Washbrook.

It has the villages of Copdock and Washbrook, and has the hamlets of Coles Green, Mace Green and Washbrook Street.

Eibar

Eibar (; ) is a city and municipality within the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country in Spain. It is home to football team SD Eibar.

Durance, Lot-et-Garonne

Durance is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwest France.

Château-l'Abbaye

Château-l'Abbaye is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 862 people lived there.


Chéreng

Chéreng is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,973 people lived there.


Choisies

Choisies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 49 people lived there.


Clairfayts

Clairfayts is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 361 people lived there.


Cobrieux

Cobrieux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 526 people lived there.


Colleret

Colleret is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,617 people lived there.


Courchelettes

Courchelettes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,842 people lived there.


Hyloscirtus mashpi

The Mashpi stream tree frog ("Hyloscirtus mashpi") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 778 and 1279 meters above sea level. It lives on the west side of the Andes Mountains. It lives in cloud forests.

The adult male frog is about 28.7-33.8 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is about 37.0-38.5 mm long. The skin of the adult male frog's back is light green-yellow with a brown line down the middle. The skin of the adult female frog's back is light brown with a dark brown line down the middle. The iris of the eye is brown in color with black lines in it. The webbed skin between the toes is yellow-green in color. The bones are white in color.

Scientists named this frog after the Reserva de Biodiversidad Mashpi, where it lives.

The scientists found many frogs in the same places. They think the frogs can resist disease.

Cousolre

Cousolre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,205 people lived there.


Coutiches

Coutiches is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,077 people lived there.


Craywick

Craywick is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 668 people lived there.

It is one of the very few places in France with an English name.


Crespin, Nord

Crespin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,495 people lived there.


Crochte

Crochte is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 665 people lived there.


Thousand Days' War

The Thousand Days War was a civil war in Colombia which was fought from October 17th 1899 to November 21st 1902. It was fought over whether Colombia should have federalism or centralism.

In 1863, Colombia got a Constitution giving the people freedom of speech, freedom of religion and the right to own guns. It also gave Colombia a system of federalism and the separation of church and state. 

In 1884, Rafael Núñez was elected president of Columbia and wanted to get rid of federalism and get rid of the separation of church and state and get rid of secularism and used the slogan “one nation, one goal, one God”. When Núñez retired, his Vice President Miguel Antonio Caro took over as president. 

Caro used government censorship to stop criticism by banning newspapers which criticized him and had major politicians who opposed him arrested. Then the Colombian Liberal Party rebelled against him and he crushed three different rebellions. In 1894, the rebels attacked Caro’s government but in 1895 they surrendered.

In 1896, Caro quit being president after members of the Liberal Party asked that he lift martial law and in the next election in 1898, Manuel Antonio Saclemente won while 84 years old. Then in 1899, the Liberals attacked Santander to protest Saclemente’s policies and started a civil war. 

Between the 11th and 13th of November, 1899, the Battle of Bucaramanga killed 1000 people and injured 500. Soon the war spread to all of Colombia. In 1901, President Cipriano Castro of Venezuela sent his army to Colombia to help the Liberals. In 1902, General Uribe Uribe decided he couldn’t win and agreed to surrender. 

The American President Theodore Roosevelt sent his navy to protect the Panama Canal so after the two factions signed a treaty in Panama, they signed a second on an American ship which officially ended the war on the 21st of November, 1902. 

Gabriel Garcia Márquez wrote some novels about the war. The Disney movie Encanto is about a family of refugees from the war. 

Croix-Caluyau

Croix-Caluyau is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 247 people lived there.


Cuincy

Cuincy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,400 people lived there.


Féchain

Féchain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,698 people lived there.


Curgies

Curgies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,337 people lived there.


Cuvillers

Cuvillers is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 198 people lived there.


Damousies

Damousies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 202 people lived there.


Dimechaux

Dimechaux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 330 people lived there.


Dimont

Dimont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 310 people lived there.


Dechy

Dechy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,360 people lived there.


Dehéries

Dehéries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 37 people lived there.


Douchy-les-Mines

Douchy-les-Mines is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 10,293 people lived there.


Le Doulieu

Le Doulieu is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,466 people lived there.


Dourlers

Dourlers is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 551 people lived there.


Drincham

Drincham is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 266 people lived there.


Ebblinghem

Ebblinghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 658 people lived there.


Écaillon

Écaillon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,963 people lived there.


Éclaibes

Éclaibes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 268 people lived there.


Écuélin

Écuélin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 140 people lived there.


Élesmes

Élesmes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 986 people lived there.


Gravelines

Gravelines is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 11,014 people lived there.


Brivio

Brivio is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco, in the Lombardy region in northern Italy.

Lusernetta

Lusernetta is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Leonberg

Leonberg is a town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is about to the west of Stuttgart, the state capital. About 45,000 people live there, which makes it the third-largest town in the district of Böblingen, after Sindelfingen and Böblingen.

Erquinghem-Lys

Erquinghem-Lys is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,316 people lived there.


Élincourt

Élincourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 625 people lived there.


Émerchicourt

Émerchicourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 847 people lived there.


Englefontaine

Englefontaine is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,282 people lived there.


Randers

Randers is a city in Randers Municipality, Central Denmark Region on the Jutland peninsula. As of 1 January 2022, 62,802 people lived there, which makes it the sixth-largest city in Denmark by population.

2022 alignment of five planets

Alignment of five planets, occured on June 24, 2022 in 3:34 until 4:43 a.m in the morning. It was viewed from planet Earth; The five planets are Mercury, Venus, the Moon satellite object, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn except the Uranus and Neptune.

The three planets that are belong to terrestrial planets; the Mercury, Venus, Mars and the gas planets are; Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.


Public Security Intelligence Agency

The Public Security Intelligence Agency (公安調査庁, kōanchōsa-chō) is the national intelligence agency of Japan. It is administered by the Ministry of Justice in the government of Japan.
The PSIA is formed with the current organization:


Arturo Zaldívar Lelo de Larrea

Arturo Fernando Zaldívar Lelo de Larrea (Born, August 9, 1959) is a Mexican professor, jurist and civil servant. He is the president of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation since January 2, 2019. He has served as minister of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation since December 1, 2009.

Born in the capital of the state of Querétaro on August 9, 1959, he graduated as a lawyer from the Escuela Libre de Derecho in 1983 and obtained a Doctor of Law degree from the National Autonomous University of Mexico.

He has worked as a professor and teacher at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, the Free School of Law, the Ibero-American University, and the Pan-American University, in the areas of Constitutional Law, Constitutional Procedural Law, and Human Rights. he served as a postulant lawyer from 1985 and until before his election as minister.

On January 2, 2019, he was elected by his collegues as president of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation, replacing Minister Luis María Aguilar.

Disney Junior (British and Irish TV channel)

Disney Junior (formerly Playhouse Disney) was a British and Irish children's television network by the Walt Disney Company. 

Disney XD (British and Irish TV channel)

Disney XD is a British and Irish children's television network by the Walt Disney Company and BBC. The channel closed on 30 September 2020, alongside Disney Junior and Disney Channel.

YTV (Canadian TV channel)

YTV is an Canadian English language children's television network by Corus Entertainment Treehouse TV and Teletoon for Nelvana.


YTV

YTV or ytv may refer to:


Sid the Science Kid

Sid the Science Kid is a 2008-13 American children's animated educational television series produced by The Jim Henson Company for PBS Kids and KECT for PBS Vanessa Hugnes 

In Canada On TVO Knowledge Network Saskatchewan Communications Network and YTV In The United States On PBS Kids and Qubo and In The United Kingdom On Playhouse Disney

2 seasons of 66 episodes

Digit (unit)

A digit (Latin: "digitus", "finger") can be used as a unit of length. When used as a unit of length, is usually a sixteenth of a foot or 3/4" (1.905 cm for the international inch). The width of an adult human male finger tip is indeed about 2 centimetres. In English this unit has mostly fallen out of use, as do others based on the human arm: finger (7/6 digit), palm (4 digits), hand (16/3 digits), shaftment (8 digits), span (12 digits), cubit (24 digits) and ell (60 digits).

It is in general equal to the foot-nail, although the term nail can also be used as 1/16 of yard and other units.

Franklin and Friends

Franklin and Friends is a Nickelodeon CGI children's animated educational television series on Nickelodeon. It was Co-Produced by Canadian studio Nelvana Limited and Singapore studio Infinite Filmworks with Treehouse TV and Nickelodeon. It aired From 2030 To 2033.

Paramount Networks UK &amp; Australia

Paramount Networks UK & Australia is a part of Paramount Global. They used to be known as ViacomCBS Networks UK & Australia. For Nick Jr.

Sparky Animation

Sparky Animation is a Singaporean animation company. They focus on movie and television.

Polly Pocket (TV series)

Kid vs. Kat

Kid vs. Kat is a Canadian animated television series produced by Studio B Productions and it aired on YTV in Canada and it aired on Jetix and Disney XD in the United States.

SLR Productions

SLR Productions is an Australian animation studio in Sydney, New South Wales.

LuxAnimation

LuxAnimation was a Luxembourgish animation studio. It is based in Doncols, Luxembourg.

The company was founded in 2000 by Lilian Eche and Ariane Payen. It works with many companies to produce animated programs and movies. Since 2006, LuxAnimation has been owned by MoonScoop Group. In June 2010, LuxAnimation opened a department called Luxatelier. It is dedicated to audiovisual projects for movies and television. In 2014, Splash Entertainment owned MoonScoop Group and all its subsidiaries.

Disney Junior (French TV channel)

Disney Junior is a French pay television channel. For Disney Channel (Canadian TV Channel)

Mary of Guise

Mary of Guise (; 22 November 1515 – 11 June 1560), also called Mary of Lorraine, was a French noblewoman of the House of Guise.


West Virginia Public Broadcasting

West Virginia Public Broadcasting (WVPB) is the public television and radio state network. It serves the U.S. state of West Virginia.

The Old Dark House (movie)

Old Dark House 

Seeking shelter from a relentless rainstorm and landslides in a remote regions of Wales, five travelers are admitted to a old dark house. However, Horace says that their leader, Morgan, is a dangerous looking drinker. 
At the end, there is a duel. Phliph and Maggy know that Saul was let out by Morgan. Everybody hides in a closet. They fight; but Saul is killed by falling down the stairs, and Roger is injured. Morgan breaks out and saves Maraget and Gladys from being trapped in the closet. He then takes Saul's lifeless body upstairs. 

K2-315b

K2-315b is an exoplanet that is 185.3 light years away from Earth. It is in the southern zodiac constellation Libra and orbits the red dwarf K2-315.

It is often nicknamed “Pi Planet” due to the orbit around the star the planet has being about 3.14, or pi.

Rude Awakening (Megadeth album)

Rude Awakening is the first live album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. The album was released by Sanctuary Records in 2002. It was put on CD and DVD. The album was supposed to be music from a concert in Argentina, but the band decided to make it music from a concert in the United States.

"Rude Awakening" was the last album made before the band broke up later in 2002. The DVD was certified gold in the US and Canada.


I Am the Walrus

"I Am the Walrus" is a 1967 song by The Beatles and taken from their soundtrack and EP "Magical Mystery Tour". It was inspired by the 1871 poem of the same name and was banned by the BBC shortly after its release.

Back in Black (song)

"Back in Black" is a 1980 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and was taken from their seventh studio album of the same name. It went to number 37 in the United States in 1981 and number 27 in the United Kingdom and number 65 in Australia and South Korea in 2012. It pays tribute to Bon Scott.

Duellmanohyla

Duellmanohyla or mountain brook frogs is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in Oaxaca, Mexico and in Central America. These are small frogs that lay eggs in streams.

"Duellmanohyla" are small frogs. Their eyes are bright red, bronze, or yellow. Their stomachs are pale green, olive, red-brown, or patterned like lichen: green spots on black. Some of these frogs have stripes on their mouths and the sides of the bodies. Some of them have webbed feet and some do not.
"Duellmanohyla" lay eggs in mountain streams where the water moves fast. Because they swim, they have some webbing on their front feet and on some of the toes of their back feet. Scientists have not seen any of the frogs lay eggs, but they think the female frogs lay eggs on the plants above the water. Then the tadpoles fall into the stream. The tadpoles have dangling oral discs that they use to hold on to the bottom of the stream.

The genus has eight species:

Patriots of Micronesia

"Patriots of Micronesia" is the national anthem of the Federated States of Micronesia. Before it was adopted, "Preamble" was used.

Philippa Foot

Philippa Ruth Foot (; née Bosanquet; 3 October 1920 – 3 October 2010) was an English philosopher.

Templeton, New Zealand

Templeton is a small town on the outskirts of Christchurch and borders the Selwyn District. It situated near Ruapuna Park and Paparua to north and has Christchurch men's and women's prisons. There is a primary school that caters for years 1 to 8 and is near Hornby High School to the northeast.

Ashfield, Massachusetts

Ashfield is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Anthem of the Republic of Kazakhstan

The state anthem of the Republic of Kazakhstan was the national anthem of Kazakhstan from 1992 to 2007. Before it was adopted, the "Anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic" was used and after the anthem stopped being used in early 2006, "Menıñ Qazaqstanym" became the national anthem.

You See the Trouble with Me

"You See the Trouble with Me" is a 1976 song by American soul singer Barry White. It is from his fifth studio album, "Let the Music Play". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 14 in Germany, number 15 in Ireland, number 19 in the Netherlands and number 23 in Canada. It was covered by Italian musical group Black Legend in 2000 where it topped the charts in the United Kingdom.

European 7-inch single (1976)

Anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic

The "anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic" was the anthem of Kazakhstan during the Soviet era.

Would I Lie to You? (Eurythmics song)

"Would I Lie to You?" is a 1985 song by Eurythmics and is the lead single from their fourth studio album "Be Yourself Tonight". It topped the single charts in Australia and went to number 5 in the United States and New Zealand, number 10 in Belgium, Ireland and Sweden and number 17 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch

12-inch
<nowiki>*</nowiki> This version, although labelled as "LP version", is an alternate mix of the song released on the album "Be Yourself Tonight"

Keep the Faith (Bon Jovi song)

"Keep the Faith" is a 1992 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the leading single from their fifth studio album of the same name. It went to number 1 in Norway and Portugal, number 2 in Greece, number 3 in Switzerland, number 4 in New Zealand, number 5 in Canada, Ireland and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Sweden, number 8 in Germany, number 9 in Iceland and number 10 in Australia and the Netherlands.

Treat Her Like a Lady (The Temptations song)

"Treat Her Like a Lady" is a 1984 song by The Temptations and taken from their 1984 album "Truly for You". It went to number 12 in the United Kingdom and number 48 in the United States and was their first success since 1975.

My Girl (The Temptations song)

"My Girl" is a 1964 song by The Temptations and is the second studio album "The Temptations Sing Smokey". It went to number 1 in the United States and number 8 in Canada and was covered by Otis Redding. In 1992 it was re-released after being used in the 1991 movie "My Girl" and went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and Ireland and number 5 in Portugal. 

Byzantine (disambiguation)

The Byzantine Empire was the medieval Greek empire. It evolved after the fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century.

Byzantine may also refer to:


List of hamburger restaurants

This is a list of notable hamburger restaurants. This list includes restaurants and fast food restaurants that serve hamburgers and related food items.


Illusive Tracks

Illusive Tracks () is a Swedish dark comedy thriller movie. It was released to cinemas in Sweden on 25 December 2003. It was directed by Peter Dalle, starring Peter Dalle, Gustaf Hammarsten, Robert Gustafsson, Gösta Ekman, Lars Amble and others.



Cancelling out

Cancelling out is a mathematical process used for removing subexpressions, or parts of an expression that is correct, from a mathematical expression (mathematical equation). This process can be used if it doesn't change the meaning or value of the expression since the subexpression have equal and opposing sides.

Hyloscirtus japreria

The Perija's stream tree frog ("Hyloscirtus japreria") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 1430 and 1832 meters above sea level. It lives on the west side of the Andes Mountains. It lives in cloud forests.

Igor (character)

Igor is a stock character in adaptations of the book Frankenstein by Mary Shelley. Normally, he’s a hunchbacked sidekick to either Victor Frankenstein or another mad scientist.

In the book, Frankenstein, Victor works alone when he creates Frankenstein’s monster and then abandons him. After that Victor Frankenstein has a nervous breakdown and starts to have hallucinations of the Monster and to suffer from “delirium” so Victor’s friend Henry Clerval takes care of Victor when Victor can’t take care of himself and nurses him back to health. But Clerval had nothing to do with creating Frankenstein’s monster and didn’t know that The Monster existed until The Monster killed him to get revenge against Victor Frankenstein.

In the 1823 play Presumption or the Fate of Frankenstein, Henry Clerval is worried about Victor Frankenstein’s mental health so he pays Fritz, Victor’s servant to tell him what is going on and Fritz tells Clerval that Victor is creating Frankenstein’s monster.

Fritz doesn’t appear in Thomas Edison’s movie Frankenstein (1910).

Fritz is in the 1931 movie Frankenstein (1931 film) made by Universal Studios. In it, Victor Frankenstein, renamed Henry Frankenstein, sends Fritz to steal a healthy brain from his professor but Fritz accidentally damages it so he instead steals the brain of a dead criminal. When the Monster is scared by sunlight, Henry and Fritz lock him in a dungeon where Fritz scares the Monster by using fire so the Monster kills Fritz by strangling him to death.

In the movie Bride of Frankenstein, Dwight Fyre, who played Fritz, plays a man named Karl who is the sidekick to an evil mad scientist named Dr. Pretorius.

In the movie Son of Frankenstein, Bela Lugosi plays a shepherd named Ygor who has a broken neck from when he was hanged but survived. And when Wolf Frankenstein brings The Monster back to life, the Monster only listens to what Ygor says. Ygor uses the Monster to kill the people on the jury that sentenced him to death for grave robbery and frames Wolf. So Wolf shoots Ygor.

In the sequel Ghost of Frankenstein, it turns out that Ygor is alive and wants to get revenge.

In the movie, House of Frankenstein, the mad scientist, Dr. Niemann has a hunchbacked sidekick named Daniel.

In the movie Young Frankenstein, Dr. Frederick Frankenstein, whose grandfather was Victor Frankenstein gets an assistant named Igor, who says his name is actually pronounced Eye-Gore, and whose grandfather worked for Victor Frankenstein. Igor has a hump on his back.

In the Discworld books by Terry Pratchett, every mad scientist has a hunchbacked sidekick named Igor and all Igors are actually related to each other. Every man in their family is named Igor and every woman is named Igorina. They all lisp when they speak.

The 2008 animated movie, Igor (film) starring John Cusack is set in a world where every mad scientist has a hunchbacked sidekick named Igor.


Luganda

Ganda or Luganda is a Bantu language of Uganda.


Igor (movie)

Igor is a 2008 animated movie starring John Cusack and a parody of horror movies and Frankenstein. It’s based on the stock character of Igor (character) .

Kurdish massacres

The Kurdish massacres (Kurdish: "Komkujiyên Kurdan"; Turkish: "Kürt isyanları" lit. ""Kurdish rebellions""), including the Zilan and Dersim massacres, were massacres perpetrated by the Republic of Turkey against the Kurds.


Rudy Kousbroek

Rudy Kousbroek (died 30 October 2022) was a Dutch entrepreneur.

Kousbroek wsa born and grew up in Rotterdam. He studied graphic designing. After working in a dancing club in Rotterdam, he started renting out buildings in the street prostitution zone Spijkerkwartier in Arnhem. He became one of the most known entrepreneurs of the Spijkerkwartier, that grew out to the biggest street prostitution zone in the Netherlands and became known in Europe.

As a politician he participated in the 2010 local elections with his party "Stadspartij Arnhem '92". He did not reach the electoral quota.

Kousbroek was benefactor of the wrestling club Sandow in Arnhem. Wrestlers of the club won numerous national titles. Kousbroek paid the wrestlers partly himself.

Kousbroek was a father of four children. In 2015 he had to recover for months after heart surgery, severe pneumonia and a viral infection. He died on 30 October 2022.

Bez (musician)

Emmanuel Bez Idakula (born 10 November 1983) popularly known as Bez, is a Nigerian multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter and composer. He works in music known as "alternative soul", a mixture of rock, jazz and R&B. 

He was featured in Pulse Magazine as number one on the list of "Top 12 Musicians To Look Out For in 2014". He was also mentioned in pulse magazine as number one on the list of "Top 12 Musicians To Look Out For in 2014". 

Emmanuel Bez Idakula was born in 1983, in Jos in central Nigeria. He grew up into a family where music is being loved and cherished. As a child he sang in choirs. He began to play his father's guitar at the age of nine. He lost his father who was a politician running for the position of a governor in Nasarawa state, Nigeria, at the age of twelve.

Maria Helena Vieira da Silva

Maria Helena Vieira da Silva (13 June 1908 – 6 March 1992) was a Portuguese painter. She later became a French citizen. She was a leading name in the Art Informel, an European abstract expressionist movement. Her works often show complex interiors and city views. Her lines explore both space and perspective. She also worked in tapestry and stained glass. She is represented in some of the most important art museums in the world.


Arthur Dent

The main character of the novel The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.

Lucca Comics &amp; Games

Lucca Comics & Games is an annual comic book and gaming convention in Lucca, Italy. It usually happens at the end of October.
It is the largest comics festival in Europe, and the second biggest in the world after Comiket in Japan.

It was founded in 1965 as ""Il salone internazionale di Comics"". 

2700 attendees came to the convention in 2016. Over 3000 attendees came in 2022.

Blue-footed booby

Blue-footed boobies are seabirds known for their sky blue feet. Their feet have a kind of web in between their toes.

Blue footed boobies use their bright blue feet to attract potential mates, and display overall health and fertility. Once a mate has been selected, they will use their feet to put on a courtship display. “Males and females have colorful feet that are displayed ostentatiously during courtship, both before and after pairing, and extrapair copulations are frequent.(Torres, Velando. 2004)

Hr1

hr1 is the first radio station of the Hessischer Rundfunk.

Yle

Yleisradio Oy (Finnish, literally "General Radio Ltd." or "General Broadcast Ltd."; abbr. Yle ; ), translated to English as the Finnish Broadcasting Company, is Finland's national public broadcasting company.

Military surplus

Military surplus refers to the quantities of military issued items that are more than what the military needs at the time. Often, these excess items are sold at auctions or specialized stores.

Strawberry Shortcake (2003 TV series)

Strawberry Shortcake is an direct-to-video animated series. It was made by Nelvana. The series is based on the franchise of the same name. It was first broadcast in March 2003. The series has 45 episodes. There is also one short and one movie. Parts of the series havee been broadcast by Nickelodeon, and Nicktoons. The series has also been broadcast in syndication.

Nickelodeon began releasing the series direct-to-video in the United States in March 2003. The first few episodes were released on both TV DVD and VHS. Some of these were also bundled with toys. Later episodes are DVD-only. They are also available on VideoCD in South-East Asia and in some other places. The first four episodes have only one story. They were twice the length of other episodes.

From Season 2 onwards, the DVDs and VHS's are "compilations". In them, Strawberry tells the story of her adventures using her "remembering book". In Season 4, the stories were shown as simple flashbacks.

22 Volumes have been released for the series in total. One of these includes the movie.


Pellet (air gun)

A pellet gun, air gun or air pistol is a firearm that shoots non lethal projectiles.

Federal Aviation Regulations

Federal Aviation Regulations are the regulations administered and enforced by the Federal Aviation Administration that govern all artificial flights in United States airspace.

Angeles National Forest

The Angeles National Forest is a woodland in the US state of California. It covers around 1200 square miles (2,652 square kilometers) across San Bernardino, Los Angeles and Ventura counties. It is managed by the U.S. Forest Service.

The forest is in the San Gabriel Mountains and Sierra Pelona Mountains. It is northeast of Los Angeles and south of Lancaster and the Sierra Pelona Mountains. The area has lush green trees and steep hills and cliffs stretching for up to 100 km (60 miles) from San Bernardino to Santa Clarita.

Timex Group USA

The Timex Group USA is a watch making company.

The Walt Disney Company Australia

The Walt Disney Company Australia is one of The Walt Disney Company's international divisions. It is headquartered in Sydney, New South Wales For Disney Channel

9 Story Media Group

9 Story Media Group Inc. (formerly known as 9 Story Entertainment) is a Canadian children's media production company and international distributor founded by Vincent "Vince" Commisso, Steve Jarosz, and Blake Tohana on August 18, 1971, and headquartered in Toronto, Ontario.


M6 (TV channel)

M6 (), also known as , is a French television channel.

Disney Junior (Australian TV channel)

Disney Junior was an Australian pay television channel.


Realize

Realize is the fifth studio album by Hideaki Tokunaga. The album was released on May 21, 1989.

University of Ingolstadt

The University of Ingolstadt is a university in Ingolstadt, Germany. In the eighteenth century it was known for its medical school but since then became much more well-known as the birthplace of the Illuminati.

Maya &amp; Miguel

Maya and Miguel is an American PBS Kids animated educational TV Series by Scholastic Entertainment and Animation, Hong Guang Animation and Yeson Entertainment with PBS Kids and PBS Kids Go! Network in the United States and YTV.

Mônica Riedel

Mônica Morais Dias Riedel (born September 28, 1970) is the current first lady of Mato Grosso do Sul since January 1, 2023, as wife of Eduardo Riedel. 

Graduated in Business Management by the Fundação Getúlio Vargas, which he completed on December 6, 2020.

Gabby's Dollhouse

Gabby's Dollhouse is an American live-action/animated television series produced by Nelvana. It is for preschool children. The series was created by Traci Paige Johnson and Jennifer Twomey. It was first broadcast on Netflix on January 5, 2021. In the series, Gabby, voiced by Laila Lockhart Kraner, and her cat friends go on adventures inside her dollhouse. 

The first episode was released on YouTube on August 22, 2020. The series itself was released on January 5, 2021.

The series began on TVOKids in Canada on October 17, 2022.

Mike the Knight

Mike the Knight is a Nickelodeon 2011-17 Canadian/British/American CGI children's animated educational TV series Co-Produced by Canadian studio Nelvana and British animation studio HiT Entertainment with Treehouse TV and Nickelodeon.

You Shook Me All Night Long

"You Shook Me All Night Long" is a 1980 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and is the leading single from their seventh studio album "Back in Black". It is the first single to feature Brian Johnson following the death of Bon Scott. It went to number 19 in Ireland, number 29 in France and Germany, number 35 in the United States and number 38 in the United Kingdom. In 2012 it went to number 49 in Australia.

Anderson .Paak

Brandon Anderson (born February 8, 1986, in Oxnard, California), is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, musician, and record producer better known as Anderson .Paak. He became a leading popular music performer of the 2010’s. Paak has won eight Grammy Awards.

He is of African American and Korean ancestry. 
Anderson first appeared as a drummer in his family's church. He began his music career performing under the stage name Breezy Lovejoy.

Anderson later adopted the stage name Anderson .Paak. His first album, "Venice", was released in 2014 and became a hit. It featured the singles "Drugs" and "Miss Right”. 

His second album, "Malibu" (2016), featured the singles "The Season / Carry Me", "Am I Wrong", "Room in Here" and "Come Down". The album was nomination for a Grammy. 

Paak's third album, "Oxnard", was released in 2018. It included the singles "Tints" and "Who R U?" . The album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 11. 

His fourth album, "Ventura" (2019), won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album in 2020.

In 2021, Paak and fellow singer-songwriter and musician Bruno Mars formed the duo Silk Sonic. Their first studio album "An Evening with Silk Sonic" was released on November 12, 2021. In 2022, the duo won four Grammy Awards. 

Ricky Zoom

Ricky Zoom is a 2019-22 Nickelodeon children's animated educational television series Co-Produced by French animation studio TeamTO, British studio Entertainment One UK and Italian animation studio Rai Fiction with Nick Jr.

Splash Entertainment

Splash Entertainment is an American/French/Luxembourgish animation studio in Los Angeles, California by LuxAnimation Moonscoop SA Nournes France SA and Nournes Luxembourg SA.

Programs

Cosmic Quantum Ray

Chloes Closet

The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures

Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures

StarHill Ponies

Duudaa

Fireman Sam

D.O.T and the ROBOTS AND ALIEN

Ants and Bees

Canal J

Canal J is a French children's pay television network by Canal+ and StudioCanal in France, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Italy and Czech Republic.

StudioCanal

StudioCanal is a French/British/Italian/Czech/Hungarian movie and television studio in the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Czech Republic and Hungary.

Canal+

Canal+ is a French pay television channel launched on 1985.

France 2

France 2 is a French television channel by France Télévisions France 4 and France 5.

The Sandman (comic book)

The Sandman is a series of adult comic books written by Neil Gaiman and published by DC Comics. They are influenced but not based on E.T.A. Hoffman’s The Sandman.

It tells the story of Dream of the Endless, who rules over the realm of dreams. The original series ran for 75 issues from January 1989 to March 1996.

Various movie and television versions of "Sandman" have been developed. In 2013, Warner Bros. announced that a film adaptation starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt was in production, but Gordon-Levitt dropped out in 2016. In July 2020, September 2021 and September 2022, three full-cast audio dramas were released exclusively through Audible starring James McAvoy, which were narrated by Gaiman and dramatized and directed by Dirk Maggs. In August 2022, Netflix released a television adaptation starring Tom Sturridge.

France 4

France 4, () is a French free-to-air public broadcasting channel and is a part of France Télévisions group, which owns France 2, France 3, and France 5.

The Sandman (short story)

The Sandman (short story) is a short story by Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann, which he wrote in 1817. It's a science fiction horror story.

When he was a child, Nathaniel snuck out of his room at night and watched his father work with an alchemist named Coppelius on creating robots called automatons. When Nathaniel was scared and screamed, Coppelius decided to take his eyes out of his head and put them in an automaton but Nathaniel’s father stopped him so Nathaniel woke up thinking it was a nightmare. Years later a man named Coppola came to Nathaniel to sell him glasses and Nathaniel threatened to throw him out a window because he reminded him of Coppelius. Nathaniel wrote to his girlfriend Clara and her brother Lothar telling them what happened to him in his childhood but they think it's a false memory so Nathaniel breaks up with Clara. After Professor Spallanzani tells Nathaniel that Coppola comes from Italy and Coppelius is from Germany, Nathaniel buys a telescope from Coppola. Then Nathaniel sees Spallanzani’s daughter Olympia with the telescope and falls in love with her. Then Coppelius tears her human eyes out of her machine head and runs away as it turns out Olympia is an automaton. Nathaniel has a nervous breakdown and starts to have psychosis. After Nathaniel gets better he decides to marry Clara but then he sees Coppelius with the telescope and goes violently insane. Nathaniel kills himself and Coppelius tears his eyes out of his head and runs away laughing with them probably planning to use them when making new automatons.

Sigmund Freud wrote an essay on The Sandman in which he came up with the idea of the uncanny which is also the source of the idea of the uncanny valley.

Chico Buarque

Francisco Buarque de Hollanda, better known as Chico Buarque ( Rio de Janeiro, June 19, 1944 ), is a Brazilian musician, playwright, writer and actor. He is known for being one of the biggest names in Brazilian populare music (MPB). His discography has eighty albums.

While being a musician, he developed over the years a literary career, being the author of plays and novels. He won three Jabuti Awards : best novel in 1992 with "Estorvo" and "book of the year", both for the book Budapest, released in 2004, and for Leite Derramado, in 2010. In 2019, he was distinguished with the Camões Prize, the main literary trophy in the Portuguese language, for his body of work.


France 5

France 5 is a French television channel by France Télévisions.

Chain Reaction (Diana Ross song)

"Chain Reaction" is a 1985 song by Diana Ross and is the second single from her 16th studio album "Eaten Alive". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Australia and Ireland and also went to number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in New Zealand, number 4 in South Africa, number 11 in Germany, number 15 in Finland and number 20 in France and Switzerland. It charted poorly in the United States and Canada.
British band Steps covered it in 2001 for their greatest hits album "". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Ireland and number 41 in Australia.




Never (Heart song)

"Never" is a 1985 song by American hard rock band Heart and is the second single from their eighth studio album "Heart". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 13 in Canada, number 20 in Finland and number 48 in Australia. In 1988 it went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 10 in Ireland.

Toshio Ojima

Toshio Ojima is a Japanese architect, educator, environmentalist, urban environmental engineer, and urban scientist. He is a doctor of engineering. Born in Toyama Prefecture. At Waseda University, he worked on education and research on the architectural and urban environment, and put his research results into practice. 

Gad Saad

Gad Saad is a Lebanese-Canadian Jewish evolutionary psychologist and Professor of marketing at John Molson School of Business. Saad writes for Psychology Today and has a YouTube channel called The Saad Truth. Saad is known for his criticism of postmodernism.

Saad was born in Beirut in 1964 to a Jewish family. Saad has said that he experienced anti-Semitism growing up in Lebanon. In 1975, Saad and his family fled Lebanon to Montreal because they were afraid of getting killed in the Lebanese Civil War.

Saad studied at McGill University and got his Phd at Cornell University before becoming a professor at Concordia University.

Saad is extremely critical of postmodernism, Communism, identity politics, radical feminism, political correctness, cancel culture, wokeness, Islam and the anti-Trump movement. Saad also supports the Intellectual Dark Web.

Dino Dan

Dino Dan is a 2010-2019 Canadian and American educational television series.

It was produced For Nickelodeon by Canadian Film Television Studio and Entertainment Company Sinking Ship Entertainment and aired on TVOKids, Knowledge Kids, Access SCN Nickelodeon Qubo and Nickelodeon

Pelswick

John Callahan's Pelswick (or simply Pelswick) is a Canadian - Chinese (Taiwan) animated Childrens television series. It is co-produced by Nelvana and Suzhou Hong Ying Animation Corporation Limited. The title character uses a wheelchair but the series shows that he lived a normal life. The series was based on the books by John Callahan. The series was positive and life-affirming. 

The books the series were based on were not written for Adults. To make the series suitable for children , changes had to be made to the dark humor in the books.

CBC and TFO (Canada) Nickelodeon (United States) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV (India) ABC (Australia) TVNZ (New Zealand) EBS (South Korea) PBS (Thailand) TV Tokyo (Japan) TF1 (France) CCTV (China)

Wild Kratts

Wild Kratts is a children animated educational television series produced by 9 Story Media Group and Produced in association with TVOKids, Tele-Quebec PBS Kids and Knowledge Kids 


Télé-Québec

Tele-Quebec is an educational television network in Montreal Quebec, Canada.


Formula for primes

Willan's Formula is a formula that can find the "nth" prime number.

formula_1

Let's first start with the formula_2.

Wilson's theorem says if formula_3 is divisible by formula_4, than formula_4 is either a prime number or formula_6, meaning when formula_4 is prime, formula_2 is an integer.

It would be much easier if the formula gives a number instead of checking if the number is an integer, and we can do this with the formula_9 part.
The reason the formula has formula_10 multiplied by the formula_2 part is because when formula_2 is an integer, formula_13 will give formula_6 or formula_15. 

When squaring the result then formula_13 will equal formula_6 when formula_2 is an integer.

By flooring this, the only results are formula_6 when formula_2 is an integer and formula_21 when it isn't, leavingformula_9.
The formula_23 will add formula_6s for the primes formula_6 - formula_26 and and will sum up to the formula_27.

The formula_28 in short will give formula_6 if formula_30 and formula_21 when formula_32.
Take the formula_33 of both sides where formula_33 is the "nth" prime number:

formula_6 when formula_36 formula_37 formula_38 formula_39

formula_21 when formula_36 formula_42 formula_43 formula_39
formula_45 gives the number formula_15, and the formula_15 is because when formula_48 formula_39 reaches formula_50 formula_39, the function doesn't add 1. The formula adds up to formula_52 is because Bertrand's postulate says formula_52 is bigger than the "nth" prime number.
And finally, formula_6 is added because of the formula_15.

Baby Don't Cry (INXS song)

"Baby Don't Cry" is a 1992 song by Australian new wave band INXS and is the second single from their eighth studio album "Welcome to Wherever You Are". It went to number 20 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in Australia and Belgium, number 34 in New Zealand and number 46 in the Netherlands.

Australian CD and cassette single

UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single and Dutch 12-inch single

Bow shock

In astrophysics, a bow shock triggers when the magnetosphere of an astrophysical object interacts with the nearby flowing ambient plasma such as the solar wind. For Earth and other magnetized planets, it is the border at which the speed of the stellar wind suddenly drops as a result of its approach to the magnetopause. For stars, this border is usually the edge of the astrosphere, where the stellar wind meets the interstellar medium.

The defining judging requirement of a shock wave is that the bulk velocity (speed) of the plasma drops from "supersonic" to "subsonic", where the speed of sound c is defined by
formula_1
where formula_2 is the ratio of specific heats, formula_3 is the pressure, and formula_4 is the density of the plasma. 

A common difficulty in astrophysics is the presence of a magnetic field. For example, the charged particles making up the solar wind follow spiral paths along magnetic field lines. The velocity (speed) of each particle as it moves around a field line can be treated similarly to a thermal velocity in an ordinary gas, and in an ordinary gas the mean thermal velocity is about the speed of sound. At the bow shock, the bulk forward velocity of the wind (which is the part of the velocity parallel to the field lines about which the particles moving in a spiral path.) drops below the speed at which the particles are moving at a spiral path.

The best-studied example of a bow shock is that it occurs where the Sun's wind encounters Earth's magnetopause, although bow shocks occur around all planets, also unmagnetized, such as Mars and Venus and magnetized, such as Jupiter or Saturn. Earth's bow shock is about 17 kilometres thick and located about 90,000 km from the planet.

Bow shocks form at comets as a result of the interaction between the solar wind and the cometary ionosphere. Far away from the Sun, a comet is an icy boulder without an atmosphere. As it approaches the Sun, the heat of the sunlight causes gas to be released from the cometary nucleus, creating an atmosphere called a coma. The coma is partially ionized by the sunlight, and when the solar wind passes through this ion coma, the bow shock appears.

The first observations were made in the 1980s and 90s as several spacecraft flew by comets which were 21P/Giacobini–Zinner, Halley's Comet, and 26P/Grigg–Skjellerup. It was then found that the bow shocks at comets are wider and more gradual than the sharp planetary bow shocks seen at for example Earth. These observations were all made near perihelion when the bow shocks already were fully developed.

The Rosetta spacecraft followed comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko from far out in the solar system, at a distance of 3.6 AU from the Sun, in toward perihelion at 1.24 AU, and back out again. This allowed Rosetta to observe the bow shock as it formed when the outgassing increased during the comet's journey toward the Sun. In this early state of development the shock was called the "infant bow shock". The infant bow shock is asymmetric and, relative to the distance to the nucleus, wider than fully developed bow shocks.

For many decades, the solar wind has been thought to form a bow shock at the edge of the heliosphere, where it collides with the surrounding interstellar medium. Moving away from the Sun, the point where the solar wind flow becomes subsonic is the termination shock, the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is the heliopause, and the point where the flow of the interstellar medium becomes subsonic would be the bow shock. This solar bow shock was thought to lie at a distance around 230 AU from the Sun, more than twice the distance of the termination shock as encountered by the Voyager spacecraft.

However, data obtained in 2012 from NASA's Interstellar Boundary Explorer Spacecraft indicates the lack of any solar bow shock. Along with present results from the Voyager spacecraft, these findings have motivated some theoretical improvement; current thinking is that formation of a bow shock is prevented, at least in the galactic region through which the Sun is passing, by a combination of the strength of the local interstellar magnetic-field and of the relative velocity of the heliosphere.

In 2006, a far infrared bow shock was detected near the AGB star, R Hydrae.
Bow shocks are also a common feature in Herbig Haro objects, in which a much stronger collimated outflow of gas and dust from the star interacts with the interstellar medium, producing bright bow shocks that are visible at optical wavelengths.

If a massive star is a runaway star, it can form an infrared bow-shock that is detectable in 24 μm and sometimes in 8μm of the Spitzer Space Telescope or the W3/W4-channels of the satelite, WISE. In 2016 Kobulnicky et al. did create the largest spitzer/WISE bow-shock catalog to date with 709 bow-shock candidates. To get a larger bow-shock catalog The Milky Way Project (a Citizen Science project) aims to map infrared bow-shocks in the galactic plane. This larger catalog will help to understand the stellar wind of massive stars.

The closest stars with bow-shocks are:
A similar effect, known as the magnetic draping effect, occurs when a super-Alfvenic plasma flow impacts an unmagnetized object such as what happens when the solar wind reaches the ionosphere of Venus: the flow deflects around the object draping the magnetic field along the wake flow.

The condition for the flow to be super-Alfvenic means that the relative velocity between the flow and object, formula_5, is larger than the local Alfven velocity formula_6 which means a large Alfvenic Mach number: formula_7. For unmagnetized and electrically conductive objects, the ambient field creates electric currents inside the object, and into the surrounding plasma, such that the flow is deflected and slowed as the time scale of magnetic dissipation is much longer than the time scale of magnetic field advection. The induced currents in turn generate magnetic fields that deflect the flow creating a bow shock. For example, the ionospheres of Mars and Venus provide the conductive environments for the interaction with the solar wind. Without an ionosphere, the flowing magnetized plasma is absorbed by the non-conductive body. The latter occurs, for example, when the solar wind interacts with Moon which has no ionosphere. In magnetic draping, the field lines are wrapped and draped around the leading side of the object creating a narrow sheath which is similar to the bow shocks in the planetary magnetospheres. The concentrated magnetic field increases until the ram pressure becomes comparable to the magnetic pressure in the sheath:

where formula_9 is the density of the plasma, formula_10 is the draped magnetic field near the object, and formula_11 is the relative speed between the plasma and the object. Magnetic draping has been detected around planets, moons, solar coronal mass ejections, and galaxies.

1921–22 Austrian Cup

The 1920-21 Austrian Cup was Austria's national cup competition. Due to the fact that only teams from Vienna and Lower Austria competed it was called "Cup NÖ Fußballverband" (Lower Austria Football Association Cup) but is recognized as an Austrian Cup.

Replay match

Anton Bulla

Anton Bulla (17 April 1901 – 9 December 1987) was a Slovak professional footballer and coach. He played as forward.

He played for TTE Trencin (1917-1920), VAS Bratislava (1920-21), Sparta Prague (1924-25). From 1921-1924 he played in Austria for First Vienna FC. In 1928 he became professional footballer and played for ČsŠK Bratislava. After he retired from playing, Bulla became a manager, leading his former club ŠK Slovan Bratislava in 1953. He also managed Dynamo Žilina, in Austria he coached FC Wacker Innsbruck

Runaway (Bon Jovi song)

"Runaway" is a 1984 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the first single from their debut studio album "Bon Jovi". It went to number 39 in the United States.

WABC-TV

WABC-TV (channel 7) is a television station in New York City. It is the main American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television station. The station's studios are in Lincoln Square in Manhattan, next to ABC's headquarters. Its transmitter is on top of the Empire State Building. The station is well-known for its "Eyewitness News" version. The station began broadcasting on August 10, 1948 as WJZ-TV, the first of three ABC stations to begin that year (WENR-TV in Chicago and WXYZ-TV in Detroit were the other two).

The station's digital signal is multiplexed:

Pressure (Billy Joel song)

"Pressure" is a 1982 song by Billy Joel and is the lead single from his eighth studio album "The Nylon Curtain". It went to number 9 in Canada, number 16 in Australia, number 19 in Zimbabwe, number 20 in the United States and number 24 in New Zealand.

Diving at the 1922 Women's Olympiad – 5 metre platform

The 5 metre platform diving event at the 1922 Women's Olympiad was held on 22 April 1922. The venue of the competition was the Port Hercules, the harbour of Monte Carlo, Monaco. The 5 metre platform was part of the temporary scaffolding together with the 3 metre springboard.

Six divers from four nations entered for the 5 metre platform. This were the same six entrants as for the 3 metre springboard event.
The competition consisted of a total of six dives by each diver.

The diving competition was straight after the water polo match. The Dutch Truus Klapwijk, one of the main competitors who won the 3 metre springboard event the day before, withdrawn from the diving competition. She was too tired after having won the water polo competition.

The competition was won by the Swedish national diving champion Eva Olliwier, ahead of the other Swedish woman Hjördis Töpel. It was reported that the two Swedish women were much better compared to the other divers. The British Cecily O'Bryen finished third.

Sources:

Wiener Bewegungsspieler

The Wiener Bewegungsspieler was a association football club from Austrias capital Vienna. In his most successful time between 1911 and 1928 they played 12 seasons in the second division.
The team was the football section of the "Teachers' sports association", which was founded in 1909. In the first league championship 1911/12, the club was ranked in the second class and was able to stay in the second tier until relegation in 1913/14. 

After the First World War, they were promoted again in 1919, and the following years of relegation battles finally came to an end in the 1923/24 season. They finished the second class in second place behind SC Rudolfshügel and also with the 2:1 victory in the ÖFB Cup over the first division team and runners-up this season, Vienna, made the headlines for the club.

When professionalism was introduced in 1924 they decided to continue playing in the second division. The club achieved good results, in the 1927/28 season they again finished second behind SC Nicholson Vienna. Due to the lack of money negotiations were held with SC Nicholson Vienna and Brigittenauer AC. With a purchase price of 3,000 schillings the club was sold which ment the end of the club.


Sir Duke

"Sir Duke" is a 1977 song by Stevie Wonder and was taken from his 18th studio album "Songs in the Key of Life". It went to number 1 in Canada and the United States, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Switzerland, number 10 in Germany, number 19 in the Netherlands, number 22 in Belgium, number 24 in New Zealand and number 69 in Australia. It pays tribute to jazz legend Duke Ellington who died in 1974.

Robert Cimera

Robert Cimera (17 September 1887 in Vienna; † unknown) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder, later as defender. With the Austrian national football team he took part in the Olympic Games in Stockholm in 1912.
Robert Cimera began his career as a football player with DFC Prague. In 1908 he debuted for the Austrian national team against England. He also played in the team for the Olympic Games in Stockholm in 1912. In the opening game against Germany he scored the final goal in a 5-1 win.

1915 he went to SK Rapid Wien where it was only rarely used in defense. He played his last international match in 1915 against Hungary.

From 1916 he fought on the Italian front in World War I, was promoted to lieutenant in 1917 and was twice injured.

Soga language

Soga (Lusoga) is a Bantu language of Uganda.

Hyloscirtus condor

The Hyloscirtus condor is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen in exactly one place, 2317 meters above sea level in the Reserva Biológica Cerro Plateado.

The adult male frog is 64.83–73.83 long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown with orange spots. The belly is gray. The iris of the eye is gold in color, with lines.

The scientists named the frog after the place where they found it: the Cordillera del Cóndor mountains.

Flotsam and Jetsam

Flotsam and Jetsam is an American thrash metal band made in Phoenix, Arizona, in 1981. Before 1984, the band used three other names: Paradox, Dredlox and Dogz. The current members of the band are singer Eric Knutson, guitarists Michael Gilbert and Steve Conley, bassist Bill Bodily, and drummer Ken Mary. Many people have joined and left the band. Knutson is the only person who has been in the band since 1981. Jason Newsted used to be in the band, but left to join Metallica.

Flotsam and Jetsam have made fourteen studio albums. Their newest album is "Blood in the Water". It was released in 2021.


KiKa

KiKA is a German free-to-air television channel. It is based in Erfurt, Germany. It is managed by a joint venture by public-service broadcasters ARD and ZDF. It is intended for children and the youth to watch between the ages of 3 to 13.


Bisection

In geometry, bisection is the division of something into two equal parts. This is usually done by a line, which we will call the "bisector". The most known types are the "segment bisector" (a line that passes through the middle of a given segment) and the "angle bisector" (a line that passes through the apex of an angle, that divides it into two equal angles. 

In three-dimensional space, bisection is usually done by a plane, which is also called the bisector or bisecting plane.

Disney Channel (British and Irish TV channel)

Disney Channel was a British and Irish television kids channel.

H2O: Mermaid Adventures

HO: Mermaid Adventures is a 2015 - 2017 Australian/French animated television series co-produced by Fantasa Animation and ZDF Television in co-production with France Télévisions and ABC Television and With the Participation of Center National De Da Cinematographe and Netflix

Rika Matsumoto

Her name is often romanized as Rica Matsumoto.


List of petroleum companies

This is a list of notable companies in the petroleum industry that are doing petroleum exploration and production. The list is in alphabetical order by continent and then by country. This list does not have companies only doing refining and marketing of oil.


Franco-Dutch War

The Franco-Dutch War, also known as the Dutch War (French: Guerre de Hollande; Dutch: Hollandse Oorlog), was fought between France and the Dutch Republic, supported by the Holy Roman Empire, Spain, Brandenburg-Prussia and Denmark-Norway. 

In its early stages, France was allied with Münster and Cologne, as well as England. The 1672 to 1674 Third Anglo-Dutch War and 1675 to 1679 Scanian War are considered related conflicts.

The Adventures of Tintin (TV series)

The Adventures of Tintin is a Canadian and French Animated television series. It is produced, written and animated For Nickelodeon by French animation studio Ellipse Programme and Canadian studio Nelvana Limited In Association with Treehouse TV and Nickelodeon The series is based on the comic book series of the same name by Belgian cartoonist Hergé (). It has 395 episodes and 28 seasons. Each episode is 27 minutes long. The series was first broadcast in France, Canada and the United States between 1991 to 2017.

 

The Neverending Story (TV series)

The Neverending Story Is A 1995-16 Canadian/French/German Animated Series Co-Produced by CineVox Entertainment (Germany) and Animated By Ellipse Animation (France) and Nelvana Limited (Canada) Produced In Co-production With The Family Channel (Canada) Canal+ (France) and France 3 (France) and With the Participation of Center National De Da Cinematographe (France) and Home Box Office (United States)

Stickin' Around

Stickin Around Is A 1996-98 Canadian Childrens Animated Educational and Education Television Series Produced By Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited and In Association With YTV

Doggy Day School

Doggy Day School Is A 2009-11 Brazilian and Canadian Animated Educational Television Series Co-Produced By Brazilian Animation Studio Mixer and Canadian Studio Cine-Aqunte Produced In Association With TVOKids Nickelodeon Knowledge Kids Radio-Canada Television and SCN

Protécréa

Protcerea is a French Television and film Broadcaster By TF1 and France Télévisions.

Pancrustacea

Pancrustacea is a clade which includes insects and crustaceans. They may live in brackish water, fresh water, or on terrestrial land.

Wibbly Pig

Wibbly Pig is A 2009-2010 Canadian, British and American children animated educational book and television series. 

The Wibbly Pig series includes titles such as "Wibbly Pig Likes Bananas."

The television series is co-produced by Canadian studio, 9 Story Entertainment and British animation studio, Wish Films produced in association with TVOKids, CBeebies and Knowledge Network airing on Sprout through 2012 to 2017.

I Heard a Rumour

"I Heard a Rumor" is a 1987 song by Bananarama and was taken from their fourth studio album "Wow!" and 1987 movie "Disorderlies". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 4 in the United States, number 8 in New Zealand, number 9 in Ireland, number 10 in Finland, Sweden and Switzerland, number 14 in the United Kingdom and number 16 in the Netherlands.






La Congolaise

"La Congolaise" (; "The Congolese") is the national anthem of the Republic of the Congo.

Anthem of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Lithuanian SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Lithuania from 1950 to 1988. It was replaced by the original anthem, "Tautiška giesmė" ("The National Hymn").

Anthem of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Latvian SSR" (, was the anthem of Latvia from 1945 to 1990. After 1990, the original anthem, "Dievs, svētī Latviju!" ("God, bless Latvia") was used.

Anthem of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Estonian SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Estonia from 1945 to 1990. After 1990, the original anthem, "Mu isamaa, mu õnn ja rõõm" ("My fatherland, my happiness and joy"), was used.

Dicondylia

Dicondylia is a clade that includes all insects except Archaeognatha. They also have a mandible attached to the head capsule.

Anthem of the Karelo-Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic

The "Anthem of the Karelo-Finnish SSR" was the anthem of Karelia (now a federal subject of Russia) from
1945 to 1956, when it was demoted to an ASSR.

Ismael &quot;El Mayo&quot; Zambada

Ismael Zambada Garcia is the co-leader of the Cartel Sinaloa Cartel. He is a Mexican drug leader.

Takeoff (rapper)

Kirshnik Khari Ball (June 18, 1994 - November 1, 2022), known professionally as Takeoff, was an American rapper and songwriter. He formed the hip hop and trap group Migos in Atlanta, Georgia. It didn't go well and then the group later split. 

Takeoff released his solo album "The Last Rocket" in 2018. He also received two Grammy Award nominations.

Ball was assassinated by shooting outside of a bowling alley perpetrated by three unidentified minors in Houston, Texas on 1 November 2022. He was 28 years old.

On December 2, Patrick Xavier Clark was arrested in connection with the murder. A grand jury would indict Clark for the murder on May 26, 2023.


ObZen

obZen is the sixth album by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah. It was released in Europe on March 7, 2008 and in North America on March 11, 2008 by Nuclear Blast, the band's record label. It is the band's first album with bassist Dick Lovgren playing on it, even though he has been with the band since 2004. The release of "obZen" was followed by the band's first world tour. Nuclear Blast sold a two-disc vinyl version of the album on March 22, 2019.

Dideba

"Dideba" (, ; "Glory") was the national anthem of Georgia from 1990 to 2004. It was also used from 1918 to 1921. From 1921 to 1990, the anthem of the Georgian SSR was used. Since 2004, "Tavisupebla" ("Freedom") has been used.

Revolutions of 1989

The Revolutions of 1989 or the Fall of Communism were a series of revolutions against communist and socialist governments around the world, especially in Europe. It caused the end of the Cold War, saw the end of most communist states and the United States becoming the world's only superpower. It also caused the end of the Soviet Union due to the 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. After the revolutions, the only remaining communist countries were China, Cuba, Laos, North Korea and Vietnam, however people in these countries did hold protests against the government (like the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in China) and there were many reforms after 1991 (like "đổi mới" in Vietnam, which was similar to Mikhail Gorbachev's reforms in the Soviet Union, "glasnost" and "perestroika").

Outside Europe, communist and socialist governments in Africa, Asia and the Middle East also lost power in the late 1980s and the early 1990s, as did the short-lived People's Revolutionary Government of Grenada in 1983 (after the Americans invaded Grenada).

All of the republics of the Soviet Union except for Lithuania fully left the Soviet Union at some point in 1991; Lithuania left in 1990, making it the first to declare independence.


List of people from Georgia (U.S. state)

This is a list of notable people born in, or notable for their relations with the U.S. state of Georgia.



























List of people from Atlanta

This is a list of people who were born, raised, or closely related with Atlanta, Georgia, United States.

Principe scops owl

The Príncipe scops owl ("Otus bikegila") is a bird that lives on an island called Príncipe in São Tomé and Príncipe.

The owl lives in old-growth forests. There is about 15 square kilometers of old growth forest left on Principe, and about 1000-1500 Principe scops owls live there. Its call sounds like "tuu." They start calling as soon as the sun goes down.

Scientists thought this bird was there since 1928. They became pretty sure it was there in 1997. In July 2016, someone took a photograph of an unknown "Otus" owl on Príncipe. The image was published on Ornithomedia. People had heard Otus owls calling there since the early 1900s, but no one had been sure. In 2022, scientists caught a few owls and wrote the first formal paper describing it. They named it "Otus bikegila". In 2022, scientists wrote the first paper saying exactly what it looked like.

Scientists named this bird after a park ranger named Ceciliano do Bom Jesus. "Bikegila" is his nickname.

The scientists who wrote about the bird asked the IUCN to name it critically endangered because its home is so small and because human beings want to make a hydroelectric dam in part of the forest where it lives. As of 2022, the IUCN has not made a report on this bird yet.

Jazmine Sullivan

Jazmine Sullivan (born April 9, 1987 in Philadelphia) is an American singer. 
Her first album, "Fearless" (2008), included the hits "Need U Bad", "Bust Your Windows", "Lions, Tigers & Bears" and "Dream Big". Sullivan's next hit single was "Holding You Down (Goin' In Circles)" (2010). Her other albums include "Love Me Back" (2010), "Reality Showk" (2015), and the EP "Heaux Tales" (2021). "Heaux Tales" won Best R&B Album at the 2022 Grammy Awards.

Sullivan appeared as "Love Bunny" in the action drama "Red Tails" (2012).

Seoul Halloween crowd crush

The Seoul Halloween crowd crush occurred on 29 October 2022 (KST) at 10:15 pm. This happened in the district of Itaewon in the city of Seoul in South Korea. At least 156 people were killed. 152 others were injured.

This is one of the worst tragedies since the sinking of MV Sewol in 2014. It is the most deadly mass-casualty event in Seoul since the Sampoong Department Store collapse in 1995.

The Itaewon district is in Yongsan-gu in central Seoul. It is a famous location for nightclub gatherings, bars and restaurants. More than 100,000 people attended the festivals of the Seoul Halloween.

At 10:15 pm, the crush occurred along an alleyway near Exit 1 of Itaewon station and the Hamilton Hotel. The police had trouble stopping the panic of the people while others called the emergency number of South Korea, 112. Officials said more than 81 calls were from people being trapped at the location. More than 83 ambulances arrived at the Itaewon road.

True Colors (Cyndi Lauper song)

"True Colors" is a 1986 song by Cyndi Lauper and is the title track to her second studio album "True Colors". It went to number 1 in the United States, Canada and Chile, number 2 in Israel, number 3 in Australia, number 4 in Belgium, number 6 in Ireland, number 7 in the Netherlands and Zimbabwe, number 8 in New Zealand and number 10 in Norway. It was nominated for a Grammy Award.



In 1998, British singer Phil Collins covered it for his greatest hits album "...Hits". It went to number 2 in Poland, number 6 in Belgium, number 7 in Hungary and number 26 in the United Kingdom and was covered by Australian singer Kasey Chambers in 2003.

UK CD1 and cassette single

UK CD2

European CD single

Australian CD single

Brendan Meyer

Brendan Meyer (born October 2, 1994) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his role as Adam Young in "Mr. Young" and Nelson Ort on the television show "Dinosapien". 

Cosmonova

Cosmonova is an IMAX Dome cinema and planetarium. 

It is located in an annex of the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, Sweden. 
Cosmonova opened in 1993. It was the first IMAX installation in Sweden (and third in the Nordic countries after Tietomaa Science Centre in Oulu, Finland and Tycho Brahe Planetarium in Copenhagen, Denmark). It is also the largest planetarium in Sweden.

1921 Netherlands–Germany international aquatics competitions

The Dutch water polo and swimming club and the Dutch swimmer Rie Beisenherz went in August 1921 to Germany to compete in international aquatics competitions. International competitions were held on 6 August in Essen, on 8 August in Duisburg and on 10 August in Barmen. Swimming competitions and water polo matches were held.

Initially the tour of De Dolfijn was scheduled from 5 to 12 August 1921, with a total of six matches starting in Essen and ending in Ohligs. However it was adjusted to less matches between 6 to 10 August.

International aquatics competitions took place on 6 August 1921 in Essen, Germany. The Dutch Marie Beisenherz of the Amsterdamsche Dames Zwemclub (ADZ) won the 100 metres breaststroke in a time of 1:28.8. In the relay event both teams finished in the same time. Because the German team didn’t want to do a race again, became the winner. Awater polo match between De Dolfijn and Essener Schwimmverein was won by the Dutch team with 5-1.

On 8 August internationals competitions were organized by (Amateur-Schwimm-Club Duisburg). De Dolfijn won the water polo match with 9-0 and won also the relay race. The Dutch Rie Beisenherz won the 100 metre breaststroke event. 

The last completion of De Dolfijn in Germany was on 10 August in Barmen. The water polo team won with 2-0 against Schwimmverein Barmen. Rie Beisenherz won the 100 metre breaststroke event in a time of 1:25.4.

Whole Lotta Rosie

"Whole Lotta Rosie" is a 1977 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and is taken from their fourth studio album "Let There Be Rock". It went to number 5 in the Netherlands and number 12 in Belgium in 1978 and in 1980 it when to number 36 in the United Kingdom.




Heartbeat (Steps song)

"Heartbeat" is a 1998 song by English pop group Steps and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Step One". It is a double A-side to "Tragedy" and went to number 1 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Ireland, number 8 in Belgium, number 10 in Australia and Greece and number 22 in the Netherlands.

UK and Australian CD single

UK cassette single and European CD single

Central European University

Central European University (CEU) is an international private humanities university. It was founded and financed by George Soros in 1991, based on American models. Founded in Budapest, it has been operating in Vienna since 2020. 
They offer master's and doctoral studies mainly in social and humanities fields.

Among the most studied fields are philosophy, cognitive sciences, political sciences, international relations, history, administration, public relations and mathematics in the scope of economics.

Rien van Haaften

Rien van Haaften (27 July 1950 – 30 October 2022) was a Dutch football referee. Van Haaften was for 25 years football referee, including in the Dutch professional league. For a total of 46 years he was active in various arbitration roles.

He refereed almost 1050 matches, of which 741 in the national league, 207 in professional football and 148 in the premier league.

Van Haaften became a referee in 1976. He became a referee on the B-list in the Dutch professional league from 1 January 1990. He refereed professional football matches for four years. He was afterwards a referee for another eight years in amateur football. He stopped at the time because the rule applied that arbitrators were obliged to relegate to group 2 at the age of 50. After his own referee career, he remained closely involved with the referees. He was an arbitration teacher and coach of various top and amateur referees. He was also a lecturer in arbitration. Until his death, he was active for the Dutch national football federation (KNVB), including as a coach in talent development.

In 2021 he was awarded a gold pin by the KNVB for his achievements within the arbitration corps and the training of talented referees.

Van Haaften was diagnozed with heart failure in 2021. He died in Nijmegen on 30 October 2022, at the age of 72.

The slogan he had for being a referee: "You must have an elephant skin and not the ears of an elephant".

List of Interscope Records artists

This is a list of artists who have recorded for the label Interscope Records. The names of Interscope affiliated labels, under which the artist recorded, can be found in parentheses.



























List of Capitol Records artists

This is a list of artists who signed to the label Capitol Records. 

An asterisk (*) denotes an artist who no longer records for the label.


























List of people from Houston

This is a list of people who were born, were raised, or have lived in Houston, Texas.






List of people from Miami

The following is a list of notable people who were born, live or used to live in the city of Miami, Florida.













List of people from Alabama

This is a listing of notable people born in, or notable for their relations with the U.S. state of Alabama.


























List of people from Indiana

This is a list of notable people born in, or notabe for their relations with the U.S. state of Indiana. 


Hyloscirtus diabolus

The Hyloscirtus diabolus is a frog. It lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it in exactly two places: cloud forests on the east side of the Corillera Central mountains.

This frog is large for a tree frog. Adults frogs can be 82.3–89.2 mm long from nose to rear end not counting the legs. This frog has thick, strong front legs. Scientists saw large vomerine teeth in its jaws. The skin of the back and sides is gray-brown or dark gray in color. There is some pink and orange color on the insides of the legs. The skin of the belly is red-gray in color. The climbing disks on the toes are brown in color. Sometimes there are tiny yellow spots on the toes. The iris of the eye is dark red in color.

The scientists named the frog "diabolus" after the Devil. Its strong front legs, gray skin, bumpy spine, large teeth, and especially its red eyes made it look fearsome to them. It reminded them of the way artists show the Devil.

Life of Agony

Life of Agony is an American alternative metal band from Brooklyn, New York. It was formed by singer Mina Caputo, bassist Alan Robert and guitarist Joey Z in 1989. The band has released six studio albums. "Rolling Stone" said their first album, "River Runs Red", is one of the greatest metal albums of all time.


Tsanko Khantov

Tsanko Khantov also written as Tzanko Hantov (born 11 August 1976) is a Bulgarian modern pentathlete, fencer and fencing coach.

With fencing Khantov, was junior national epee champion in 1995 and 1996. He became national senior champion in 1998.

In modern pentathlon he participated in the men's individual pentathlon event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The next year he won the bronze medal at the 2001 World Modern Pentathlon Championships. 

Khantov was a fencing coach for over seven years. He is the owner of the "Windy City Fencing", an epee fencing club in Chicago, where is also the head coach since 2005.

Sodium thiopental

Pentothal (thiopental sodium for injection) is a barbiturate used to help patients relax before receiving general anesthesia with an inhaled medication.

Shortage

In economics, shortage is a state or situation in which something needed cannot be obtained in enough amounts.

Agnes Yewande Savage

Agnes Yewande Savage was born on February 21-1906. She died in 1964. She is a Nigerian doctor and first woman at West Africa to get a college degree in medicine.

Crassulacean acid metabolism

CAM is a form of carbon fixation in which not much water is lost.

Family of Barack Obama

The Obama family is a political family based in the United States, who have been active in American politics, public service, law, activism, education and have held many political offices and roles in the state and federal government of the United States.

The Obama's were the first family of the United States from 2009 to 2017, when Barack Obama was the 44th president of the United States.

Scops owl

Scops owls are owls in the family Strigidae. Scops owls are the genus Otus. They live in the Old World. "Otus" has more species in it than any other genus of owls. There are 59 species of scops owls. Scops owls are brown, grayish, or reddish in color, but they can have lighter colors on the belly or face. This helps to make them hard to see when they sit in trees. Sometimes, owls in the same spcies look different from each other. Scops owls are small and move easily. Female scops owls are usually larger than males in the same species.

For a long time, scientists thought screech owls were scops owls too. Now, scientists think that they are two different groups of owls.

The genus "Otus" was first used in 1769. The Welsh naturalist Thomas Pennant made it for the Indian scops owl ("O. bakkamoena"). The name comes from the Latin word "" and the Greek word "ōtos" meaning horned or eared owl (cf. οὖς, ὠτός, "ear"). Marie Jules César Savigny made the English name "Scops" in 1809. and it comes from the Greek "skōps" meaning small owl.

Scientists have changed their minds about which owls should be in "Otus" and which owls are only their relatives. For most of the 20th century, scientists said screech owls were also scops owls. But they changed their minds. Now, screech owls are in their own genus, "Megascops". Screech owls live in the Americas, and they act differently, live in different places, have different body shapes, and have different DNA from scops owls.

Scientists have changed their minds about "Otus" many times, especially about whether screech owls should be in it or not. DNA evidence helped them decide.

By the mid-19th century, scientists knew that "Otus" had more than one genus in it. First, in 1848, scientists made a second genus for screech owls, "Megascops". In 1850s, they made other genera for other owls that had been in "Otus". They made "Macabra", "Ptilopsis", "Gymnasio", "Gymnoglaux", and "Pyrroglaux" for different groups of owls.

In the early 20th century, scientists liked the idea of putting species in a few big groups instead of more small groups. The 3rd edition of the AOU checklist in 1910 put the screech owls back in "Otus". Although not all scientists agreed about this, it was the most common way to think about owl groups for most of the 20th century. In 1988, some scientists tried to put back all the genera from 140 years earlier by treating them as subgenuses inside "Otus". But this did not make sense. It did not match the evolutionary and phylogenetic information.

In the late 20th century, scientists started to use DNA to tell how animals were related to each other. This changed things for "Otus". In 1999, the first mtDNA cytochrome "b" study of these owls showed that the separate groups were really different genera and not only subgenera. The scientists said that most of the genera proposed around 1850 were right or close to right. Not all scientists agreed at first, but they did more and more DNA studies. In time, almost all scientists came to trust DNA. In 2003, the AOU formally decided to take screech owls out of "Otus" and put them in the genus "Megascops".

The genus "Otus" has 59 species (including 3 extinct species):

Two extinct species are sometimes placed in the genus:

On May 14, 1994, scientists heard what sounded like an "Otus" owl calling at about 1,000 meters above sea level south of the summit of Camiguin in the Philippines. No scientists had found any scops owls on that island before. Sometimes people discover new species of "Otus". There may be another "Otus" owl living on the island.

The fossil record for scops owls does not tell us everything. Some older writings say many species of "Otus" owls are now extinct, but maybe those owls really belong in different genera:

People found scops owl fossils that look like the Eurasian scops-owl on the Spanish island Majorca. The scops and screech owls probably both evolved during the Miocene (like many owls). They probably became separate groups 5 million years ago. Their common ancestor was probably a small owl with ear tufts and feathers on at least the upper tarsus (leg).

Scops owls voices sound like whistling or a row of high-pitched hoots, fewer than four hoots per second. The owls call like this for social interaction or to scare away other animals. But different species of scops owls sound different from each other. Human beings usually know scops owls are nearby because they hear them calling. Human beings can tell scops owl species apart by their voices. Some, like the Serendib scops owl ("Otus thilohoffmanni"), were discovered because birdcall experts could tell their voices were new to them.

Scops owls hunt from perches in landscapes with only a few trees. They live more in areas with old trees with hollows in them. The animals they like to eat live in hollows. For example, insects, reptiles, and small mammals such as bats and mice and other small birds. The owls will also eat earthworms, amphibians, and aquatic animals without bones. Scops owls can hear very well, which helps them find animals to eat. They also have strong claws and a curved bill, both of which help them tear prey into small pieces that they can eat.

Most scops owls live alone. Most scops owls lay and sit on their eggs in a nest in a hole in a tree. They do not dig the holes themselves. Instead, they go into holes that other animals made. The female sits on the eggs and the male brings her food. These birds are monogamous, and both parents take care of the chicks.


Elvis Presley singles discography

Elvis Songs Include 1954's That's all right, 1956's Hound Dog, 1957's Jailhouse Rock and 1956's Heartbreak Hotel.

Lake Natron

Lake Natron is a salt or alkaline lake in north Ngorongoro District of Arusha Region in Tanzania. It is in the Gregory Rift, which is the eastern branch of the East African Rift. The lake is inside the Lake Natron Basin, a Ramsar Site wetland of international significance.

The lake is mainly fed by the Southern Ewaso Ng'iro River, which rises in central Kenya, and by mineral-rich hot springs. It is less than deep. Its width depends on its water level. The lake is a maximum of long and wide. 

In the surrounding area rain is infrequent. Most of the rain occurs between December and May. The total rainfall is about per year. Temperatures at the lake are frequently above .

High levels of evaporation have left behind natron (sodium carbonate decahydrate) and trona (sodium sesquicarbonate dihydrate). The alkalinity of the lake can reach a pH of greater than 12. The surrounding bedrock is made of alkaline, sodium-dominated trachyte lavas that were laid down during the Pleistocene period. The lavas have significant amounts of carbonate but very low calcium and magnesium levels. This has allowed the lake to concentrate into a caustic alkaline brine.
The lake is home to a number of wading birds, notably flamingoes. They feed on small crustaceans that live in the lake. In some areas, all three species of Alcolapia can be found. Alcolapia are small fish.

Jaylen Brown

Jaylen Brown is a National Basketball Association player. He currently plays on the Boston Celtics. Brown was drafted in 2016 with the 3rd pick.

Bernardston, Massachusetts

Bernardston is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Buckland, Massachusetts

Buckland is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Charlemont, Massachusetts

Charlemont is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Colrain, Massachusetts

Colrain is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Conway, Massachusetts

Conway is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Deerfield, Massachusetts

Deerfield is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Erving, Massachusetts

Erving is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Gill, Massachusetts

Gill is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Hawley, Massachusetts

Hawley is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Surauli Buzurg

Surauli Buzurg, is a village under Sumerpur block, Uttar Pradesh in India. It is near the bank of Yamuna river. 
The village has a primary school.

Ibibio language

Ibibio is the native language of the Ibibio people of Nigeria.

List of hip hop musicians from New York City

This is a list of famous hip hop musicians from New York City, USA.





























List of hip hop musicians from Atlanta

This is a list of famous hip hop musicians from Atlanta, Georgia, USA.


Snap music

Snap music (also known as ringtone rap or snap rap) is a subgenre of hip hop music that was formed in the early 2000s in the southern United States. It is derived from crunk. Instruments commonly use in the genre include an 808 bass drum, hi-hat, bass, snapping, a main groove and a vocal track. Popular snap artists include D4L, Dem Franchize Boys and K-Rab. 

Let There Be Rock (song)

"Let There Be Rock" is a 1977 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and is third single and title track from their fourth studio album "Let There Be Rock". It went to number 82 in Australia. It was also released as a single with the B-side of "Problem Child".

Lady Madonna

"Lady Madonna" is a 1968 song by The Beatles and was released as a buzz single. It was the last single released from Parlophone and all subsequent releases, starting with "Hey Jude" in August 1968 were released on their own label, Apple Records. It topped the charts in Australia, Austria, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States.

Gun laws of Australia

Gun laws in Australia are mostly in the ruling of Australian states and territories, with the importation of guns regulated by the government. 

After many well-known killings, the government made a more strict firearms law with all state governments. Gun laws were largely aligned with the "National Firearms Agreement." In two government-funded funded gun buybacks and voluntary surrenders and State Governments' amnesties before and after the Port Arthur Massacre

A person must have a "firearms" license to keep or use a "firearm". License holders must show a good reason (which can't be self-defense) for holding a "firearms" license. He/she must not be a "prohibited person". All firearms must be registered by serial number to the owner. The owner must also hold a firearms license.

Can I Sit Next to You, Girl

"Can I Sit Next to You, Girl" is a 1975 debut single by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and later added to their second studio album "T.N.T.". It went to number 50 in Australia.

Pearlie

Pearlie is a 2009-11 Australian/Canadian children's animated educational TV series produced by Australian animation studio Sticky Pictures and Canadian studio Nelvana. It was and produced in association with Canadian Television Channel YTV and Austrailan Television Network Network Ten.

Pippi Longstocking (1997 TV series)

Pippi Longstocking is a 1997-98 Canadian/German/Swedish children's animated TV series Co-Produced by Nelvana Limited SK Film TaurisFilm and Trickopmany Filmproduktion GMBH and produced with Teletoon.

Pecola

Pecola is a Canadian and Japanese children animated education preschool television programme co-produced by Canadian studio Nelvana, Japanese studios Milky Cartoon and Yoikmo and aired on Treehouse TV from 2001 to 2002, the show will also be shown on the upcoming Nick Jr. series "Kawaii Club".

Mortagne-du-Nord

Mortagne-du-Nord is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Iñaki Rueda

Ignacio "Iñaki" Rueda is a Spanish Formula One engineer. He was born 6 August 1978.

Kyle Petty

Kyle Petty is a retired NASCAR driver. He is the son of Richard Petty, a retired NASCAR driver. He is apart of many charities. He has six children. He was born in Randleman, North Carolina. He joined Wood Brothers Racing in 1985.

List of people from Tennessee

The following is a list of prominent people who were born in the U.S. state of Tennessee, live (or lived) in Tennessee, or for whom Tennessee is significant part of their identity:



All India Santali Student Association

All India Santali Students' Association (AISSA) is a left wing student organisation in India. It describes itself as "the voice of the radical students' movement". It is associated with the Communist Party of India (Marxist–Leninist) Liberation. The association was previously affiliated to the IPF.

The association was founded in Allahabad on 9 August 1990 with the merger of several left-wing students organisations across India. AISA have organisational presence in the states and union territories of Delhi, Chandigarh, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Assam, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Tripura, etc. N. Sai Balaji is national president of AISA and Sandeep Saurav is it's the National General Secretary.

The students association has presence in many schools in India; such as Patna University, University of Allahabad, Banaras Hindu University, Kumaun University, Jadavpur University, University of Delhi, University of Lucknow, Tata Institute of Social Sciences Ambedkar university Delhi among others. A unit of AISA also has consistently won Student union elections in Rikhnikhal Degree college, Pauri garhwal Uttarakhand since 2017.

List of people from Memphis, Tennessee

This is a list of notable people who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely connected with Memphis, Tennessee.

This list is in alphabetical order by last name.
























Homonationalism

Homonationalism is the favorable association between a nationalist ideology and LGBT people or their rights. 

List of people from Mississippi

This list contains people who were born or lived in the U.S. state of Mississippi.


















List of musicians from Mississippi

This is a list of musical groups as well as musicians from the U.S. state of Mississippi.


NGC 6357

NGC 6357 is a H II Region diffuse nebula near NGC 6334 in the constellation Scorpius. The nebula contains many proto stars that are protected by dark discs of gas. It also contains young stars wrapped in expanding "cocoons" or expanding gases surrounding these small stars. The nebula is also known as the Lobster Nebula. It was given the name War and Peace Nebula by the Midcourse Space Experiment scientists because of its look. In infrared images the bright, western part looks like a dove and the eastern part looks like a skull. Anime fans tried to get NASA to rename it as the Madokami nebula because it was like a character from the "Madokami" anime, The name was not changed.

The nebula is about 5,500 light years from Earth.

This nebula includes the open cluster Pismis 24. There are many massive stars in this cluster. One of the brightest stars in the cluster i, Pismis 24-1, It was thought to be the most massive star on record. The star measures almost 300 solar masses. It was later learned that it was a multiple system of at least three stars. These three stars are each near 100 solar masses. This makes them among the more massive stars on record.

The young stellar cluster G353.2+0.7 lies at the east of Pismis 24. It was revealed by a Chandra X-ray image showing about 800 stars.

The young stellar cluster G353.1+0.6 lies at the southeast of Pismis 24. It has about 800 stars that were detected by X-ray. The region includes many O-type stars, including [BDSB2003] 10.

Hekla 3 eruption

The Hekla 3 eruption (circa 1000 BCE) is thought to be the most severe eruption of Hekla during the Holocene.

It threw more than 7 km of volcanic rock into the atmosphere. This would have caused a volcanic winter, cooling temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere for many years afterwards.
Some claim that an eighteen-year span of global cooling that is recorded in Irish bog oaks can be blamed on Hekla-3.

Some Egyptologists have blamed Hekla-3 for famines under Ramesses III during the wider Bronze Age collapse.

Greek Heroic Age

The Greek Heroic Age, in mythology, is the period between the coming of the Greeks to Thessaly and the Greek return from Troy. It was identified as one of the five Ages of Man by Hesiod. The heroes mentioned are superhuman, but not god-like, and are celebrated in the literature of Homer.

Question (The Moody Blues song)

"Question" is a 1970 song by British progessive rock band The Moody Blues and is the leading track from their sixth studio album "A Question of Balance". It went to number 1 in the Netherlands and Ireland, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in New Zealand, number 9 in Belgium and Germany and number 21 in the United States.

Muhammad Alauddin Siddiqui

Muhammad Alauddin Siddiqui (; 1 January 1938 – 3 February 2017) was an Islamic scholar.

He appeared in islamic programmes on ARY Q TV and on NOOR TV. He established madrassas for religious education and mosques in Pakistan and England. He was also the founder ofMohiudin Islamic University in Nerian Sharif and Mohiudin Islamic Medical College in Mirpur.

Siddiqui studied his early Islamic education in the presence of his father, Pir Ghulam Mohi-ud-Din. Later, in Jamia Haqqa’iq al Uloom he studied Mishkat Sharif and Jalalayn. His passion for further studies brought him to Jamia Naeemia Lahore where he completed lessons. Then he participated in the Daura e Qur'an with Abdul Ghufar Hazarawi. He next completed the teaching of Hadith Mubarakah from Sardar Ahmad Chishti.

On October 6, 2012 to express his outrage at the recent film "Innocence of Muslims", Siddiqui called for a protest outside Parliament of London. He appealed to the Muslim to unite under the banner of the Prophet of Islam. He spoke on the importance of a united front of the Muslim Ummah against Islamophobia.

Thousands of Muslims gathered outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Saturday, October 2012 to express their feelings about the honoring of Prophet Muhammad (Peace Be Upon Him). It was attended by Muslims from all sects of the Islamic community, including speakers from Sunni and Shia Islam.

On 10 June 2012,Siddiqui was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for humanitarian, education and health services by Institute of Peace and Development.

Siddiqui's name was appeared seven times in the list of 500 Most Influential Muslims in the list of "Preachers and Spiritual leaders" from UK.

Alauddin Siddiqui died in London, February 3, 2017 after a short illness.

Two funeral prayers were offered for him. First funeral prayer was held in Birmingham's Austin Park. More than 20,000 people attended. His second funeral prayer was led by his older son Sultan Ul Arfeen Siddiqui held in his home town Nerian Sharif. Was attended by more than 50,000 people .

He was buried in Nerian Sharif, Azad Kashmir.

Great Balls of Fire

"Great Balls of Fire" is a 1957 song by Jerry Lee Lewis and featured in the 1957 movie "Jamboree". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in the United States, number 8 in New Zealand and number 30 in the Netherlands. It was also the title to the 1989 movie "Great Balls of Fire!" and played by Dennis Quaid.

Leather and Lace (song)

"Leather and Lace" is a 1981 song by Stevie Nicks and Don Henley and is the second single from her debut studio album "Bella Donna". It went to number 6 in the United States, number 12 in Canada and number 50 in New Zealand. It was covered by Gwen Stefani in 2015.

Secret Journey (song)

"Secret Journey" is a 1982 song by The Police and is the fourth single taken from their fourth studio album "Ghost in the Machine". It was not released as a single in the United Kingdom but it was released in the United States and Canada.


NEAR Shoemaker

NEAR Shoemaker was a NASA mission. It flew by the Asteroid 253 Mathilde. It orbited and landed on the asteroid 433 Eros. 

This is the first mission by NASA's Discovery program. It is also the first mission to orbit and land on an asteroid. Its first attempt to orbit the asteroid failed. Although they tried again, and they did it. 

After landing on the asteroid, the probe lasted for only around 2 weeks. This was because of the cold temperatures.

Arthur Amos Noyes

Arthur Amos Noyes was an American chemist. He was also the president of MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).

Hyloscirtus hillisi

The Hyloscirtus hillisi is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, between 1991 and 2134 meters above sea level on a limestone mountain.

The adult male frog is 66.7-72.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 65.8 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark in color with tiny yellow spots. The skin on the frog's belly is gray in color. The iris of the eye is yellow or bronze in color.

This frog lives in forests with many short woody plants about 1.5 m tall. There are trees there too, about 10-15 m tall. Scientists found tadpoles and young frogs in ponds near the river.

Scientists named this frog after David M. Hillis. Hillis studied amphibians and especially frogs in "Hyloscirtus".

Priya Prakash Varrier

Priya Prakash Varrier is an Indian actress, model, and playback singer. She works in Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi movies. She was the most searched personality through Google in India in 2018.

Union Station (Toronto)

Union Station is a railway station in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

In 1975, the station was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada. In 1999, it was inducted into the North America Railway Hall of Fame.

Raider Squadrons

The Raider Command, aka, LOK () or () also known as Rangers, National Guard Special Forces () is a Special Forces and Special Operations Force within the Cypriot National Guard. It is currently based in Larnaca, Cyprus.

The main mission of LOK is Mountain and Guerrilla warfighting. After its creation in the 1960s, it began training in the Troodos Mountains and soon, began operations against Turkish armed people (Mainly TMT) and elements of Turkish special forces which were operating on the island.Until the invasion in 1974, this was LOKs most important mission. Since then, the unit has changed to fit the condition of the geostrategic location of Cyprus, the modern threats facing the country including but not limited to, the war on terror and the threat created by Turkey. Today LOKs missions can be from Mountain/ Border Patrols, to Combat Search and Rescue. It can do Direct Action missions and Paratrooping Operations. LOK also focuses in Hostage Rescue and fighting in close range to the enemy.

All members of this Military unit (or group of people) wear the unit written sign/symbol showing a winged sword, which shows of the "deadly, silent and fast" nature of special forces operations. A scroll runs across the sword and wings with the saying "Who Dares Wins" ( - "O Tolmon Nika"), a message of thanks to the Free Greek Special Forces that served with the 1st Special Air Service (1 SAS) during World War II. The unit flash is marked with Δυνάμεις Καταδρομών (Raider Forces).

All Raiders wear the green beret with the Greek national emblem on the left.

Immediately after its begining in 1964, the Commando Battalions were put into action to fight against both Turkish terrorist organisations (Such as TMT) and the Turkish Armed Forces. LOK played an important role in both, the Battles of Tylliria which happened in August 1964 and in Kofinou in 1967.

In the Battle of Tillyria, LOK was responsible for clearing villages and taking on any Turkish resistance in the area. Although the newly found Cypriot National Guard had just had its first victory, LOK had also lost its first 3 Commandos after being killed in the fighting. 

During Operation Kofinou, LOKs job was to at first clear the hills of any Turkish figthers (From either TMT or the Turkish military) and was later given the job of clearing the village of any resistance left in the area. For this operation, both the 31st and the 32nd Commando Battalions took part whilst also helping the armored division and Cyprus Police. 1 Commando was killed during the successful Operation. 

Throughout the Turkish invasion, LOK played a role in preventing the Turkish Military from moving any further, defending areas such as the Nicosia International Airport taking key points such as areas of the Pentadaktylos mountains and cutting off key routes such as those seen in Operation Lavida. 

In the first phase of the invasion, the Raiders Command put into plan Operation Lavida, which was a plan to cut off/disturb the Kyrenia-Kionelli enclave from getting more support from the invading Army. It was a nighttime operation beginning at about 11PM and was planned into the following:


In the late 1970s, after the murder of a an Egyptian, Yusuf Sibai, the PFLPs hijacked a Cyprus Airways DC-8. The task of the Commandos units was to (if necessary) take out the hijackers, however, due to the turn of events, they ended up having to take on members of Egyptian Special Forces who tried doing a rescue operation, without authorisation from the Cypriot Government. The Commandos of the 32nd Commando Battalion successfully stopped the Egyptian attack. 

In the Cypriot Army Special Forces, they train mostly like their brothers in Greece (As they refer to as their mother unit, LOK). Candidates will do a few weeks of physical trainings and then go on to their further training which includes (But is not limited to), Survival and Evasion, Combat Diving, Paratrooping and climbing.

FN P90 

IWI Tavor X95

Heckler & Koch G3

SCAR-L

AX-50

IWI Negev

FN Minimi

Milkor MGL


Scam baiting

Scam baiting is when a person online, called a scambaiter, pretends to be a person who is vulnerable to a specific scam and wastes a scammer's time and resources.

Internet scams come in many forms, and so scam baiting comes in many forms too. For written scams (scam emails), the scambaiter usually answers the scam email using a temporary ("throwaway") email account, pretending to fall for the scam. This makes the scammer vulnerable to be tricked, since the scammer may do lots of things in order to scam the scambaiter. The scammer may be tricked into answering a very long survey, taking a very long trip, or even downloading a computer virus. Such a virus is often used to take control of the scammer's computer and play pranks on them and expose them.

For scams that are performed over a phone call, Scambaiters may pretend to not be able to hear the scammer. This makes the scammer talk slowly and loudly, wasting their time and making the scammer look silly to anyone in the room. The scambaiter may also put the scammer on hold for a long time (possibly for hours) while pretending to take another call.

Solvable group

In mathematics, a solvable group or soluble group is a group which has a subnormal series with abelian factors.

The Feit-Thompson theorem says that every group of odd order is solvable.

Every finite group of order 60 or greater, every abelian group, and every subgroup of a solvable group is solvable.

The definition of solvable groups show why the polynomial equations of degree greater than 5 are (in general) not solvable using finite arithmetic operations (Galois theory).

Order (group theory)

The order of a group is the number of times an element of the group has to be operated to arrive to the identity element.

Some people also define the order as the cardinality of the group set.

Kernel (algebra)

The kernel of a group homomorphism from "G" to "H" is the subset of the elements from "G" that arrive to the Identity element of "H". 

Mathematically: formula_1. Since a group homomorphism preserves identity elements, the identity element of "G" must belong to the kernel subset.

The homomorphism is injective if and only if its kernel is only the identity elements of "G".

Proof: If "f" were not injective, then the non-injective elements can form a distinct element of its kernel: there would exist formula_2 such that formula_3 and formula_4. Thus formula_5. "f" is a group homomorphism, so inverses and group operations are preserved, giving formula_6; in other words, formula_7, and ker "f" would not be the singleton. Conversely, distinct elements of the kernel violate injectivity directly: if there would exist an element formula_8, then formula_9, thus "f" would not be injective.

Group homomorphism

A group homomorphism is a transformation made from one group to another. This change preserves all group axioms and operations.

Thales's theorem

Thales's theorem is a theorem (rule) in geometry. It says that if three points, formula_1, formula_2, and formula_3 are on a circle where formula_4 is a diameter (a straight line from one end of the circle to another, through the middle), the angle formula_5 is a right angle of 90 degrees. This is a special case of the inscribed angle theorem.

Anthem of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Byelorussian SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Belarus from 1955 to 1991.

Judah (son of Jacob)

Judah is a person from the Book of Genesis. He was the ancestor of the tribe that became the Kingdom of Judah.

It is written in the Torah, in the Book of Genesis that Jacob married both Leah and her sister Rachel and loved Rachel but not Leah. So Leah prayed to the Lord for a son so that she wouldn’t be hated. Then Leah became pregnant and gave birth to a son and she said “now my husband shall love me” and named him Reuben. Then Leah gave birth to a second son and said that the Lord had heard her voice so she named him Simeon. Then Leah gave birth to a third son and said “I have poured my heart unto the Lord” and named him Levi. Then Leah gave birth to a fourth son and said “this time I will thank the Lord” and she named him Judah.

After Judah was born, Rachel came to Jacob and said “give me children otherwise I am dead” and Jacob told her that he couldn’t give her a miracle like that since he was only human. So Rachel told Jacob to marry her servant Bilhah and Bilhah gave birth to two sons named Dan and Naphtali. Leah then told Jacob to marry her servant Zilpah and Zilpah gave birth to two sons named Gad and Asher. Then Leah gave birth to Zebulun and Issachar. Then Leah gave birth to a daughter Dinah and Rachel gave birth to a son Joseph. Later, Rachel died in childbirth and her son was named Benjamin. 

Jacob loved Joseph more than all of his other children because Joseph was born when he was an old man and because it took many years for Rachel to be able to give birth. So Jacob gave Joseph a coat with many colours. And Joseph had dreams about his brothers all bowing to him so they became jealous and they took Joseph and threw him in a big hole in the ground and left him to die. But then Judah felt guilty about that so he told his brothers that instead of letting Joseph die, they should take him and sell him as a slave to the Ishmaelites and they did. And when Reuben found out, he was angry with Judah because Reuben was planning to rescue Joseph. 

Judah married a woman and had three sons named Er, Onan and Shelah. Er married a woman named Tamar but Er died childless so Judah told Onan to marry Tamar and raise their children to think of themselves as the children of Er to honour his memory. But instead of having children with her, Onan threw his semen on the ground. The Lord killed Onan for this. After Onan died, Judah’s son Shelah was supposed to marry Tamar but Judah didn’t let him do that because he was scared Shelah would also die. So Tamar dressed up as a prostitute and had sex with Judah but asked for his staff and seal to let her know that he would pay. When Judah came back to pay her, not having recognized her as Tamar, she was gone. When the people told Judah that Tamar was pregnant Judah said to burn her for prostitution but Tamar said that the father was the person who owned the staff, seal and cord. Then Judah said “she is indeed more righteous than I am” and said he was the father. So Judah married Tamar and she gave birth to twins named Peretz and Zerach. 

When there was a famine in Canaan, Judah and his brothers except for Joseph and Benjamin came to Egypt to ask for grain. Joseph was the viceroy but Judah and the others didn’t recognize him. Joseph asked them if they had any other brothers and they told him about Benjamin. Joseph then said they were spies and jailed Simeon and said that he would only free him if they brought Benjamin to Egypt to prove they were telling the truth. When they told Jacob this, he said “first, I lost Joseph, then I lost Simeon, and now you would have me lose Benjamin!” but Judah still convinced Jacob to let him bring Benjamin to Egypt by making a promise to protect him. And when they made it to Egypt, Joseph freed Simeon and gave the brothers everything they wanted but also framed Benjamin for stealing from him and said he would enslave Benjamin as punishment. So Judah begged Joseph to have mercy on Benjamin and enslave Judah instead. Then all of Judah’s brothers joined in saying the exact same thing so Joseph told them “I am Joseph, your brother”. Judah and his brothers thought that Joseph would want revenge but instead Joseph gave them his forgiveness saying that the Lord had brought him to Egypt to save lives.

In the Tanakh, Judah’s descendants are a tribe called the Tribe of Judah. In the Book of Exodus, Nacshon is the first person to jump before the splitting of the sea and is from the Tribe of Judah. And when Moses sends twelve spies to Canaan in the Book of Numbers, one for each tribe, Caleb is the spy for Judah and aside from Joshua is the only one of them to say nice things about the Promised Land. In the Book of Judges the first Judge Othniel is from the Tribe of Judah and Judah is normally the tribe that leads the Israelites in battle. 

In the Book of Ruth, Judah’s son Peretz became the ancestor of Boaz. Boaz married Ruth and had a son Jesse and Jesse became the father of David. In the Books of Samuel, David became King of the tribe of Judah after Saul died and only became King of Israel after the death of Saul’s son Ishbosheth. 

After David’s son King Solomon died, his son Rehoboam couldn’t keep the kingdom together so it split into two kingdoms. The one in the north was called the Kingdom of Israel and the one in the south was called Judah. The kingdom of Judah was eventually destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar II who exiled its people. 

After the Kingdom of Israel was conquered and destroyed by Assyria, the kingdom of Judah survived under the leadership of Hezekiah and its people came to be known as the Judahites or the Jews, meaning the people of Judah. And even after the exile to Mesopotamia started, they still called themselves the Jews.

In the later books of the Tanakh, a man named Zerubabel, who is a descendant of Judah is important in rebuilding the Temple of Jerusalem.
Prophecies in the Tanakh and Old Testament say that the Messiah would be a descendant of David, who was descended from Judah, and that he would bring Judah and Israel back from exile.

The New Testament begins the Gospel of Matthew with a family tree which has Judah become the father of Peretz and Zerach, with Peretz becoming the ancestor of Jesus’s stepfather Joseph and the Gospel of Luke says that the Virgin Mary is also a descendant of David making Judah an ancestor of Jesus.

Anthem of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Georgian SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Georgia from to 1991.

Anthem of the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Kirghiz SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Kyrgyzstan from 1946 to 1991.

Anthem of the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Moldavian SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Moldova from 1945 to 1991.

Anthem of the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Turkmen SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Turkmenistan from 1946 to 1991.

! Turkmen (Cyrillic)
! Turkmen (Latin)
! IPA transcription
! English translation

Albano Laziale

Albano Laziale is an Italian city in Lazio. About 40,900 people live there.

Anthem of the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic

The "State Anthem of the Uzbek SSR" (, ) was the anthem of Uzbekistan from 1947 to 1991.

Rocca di Papa

Rocca di Papa is an Italian city in Lazio. About 17,000 people live there.


Grottaferrata

Grottaferrata is an Italian city in Lazio. About 20,500 people live there.

Patrioticheskaya Pesnya

"The Patriotic Song" (, ) was the anthem of the Russian SFSR and then of the Russian Federation from 1990 to 2000.

Rocca Priora

Rocca Priora is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region in Italy. It is about southeast of Rome.

Anthem of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria

"Death or Freedom" () was the anthem of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria, a former partially-recognised country in the Caucasus within Russia.

The lyrics are highly Islamic, reflecting the fact that most Chechens are Muslims.


Palestrina

Palestrina is an Italian city in Lazio. About 22,000 people live there.

Gallicano nel Lazio

Gallicano nel Lazio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region in Italy.

Osimo

Osimo is an Italian city in Marche. About 35,000 people live there.

Civitella del Tronto

Civitella del Tronto is a "comune" in the Province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region in central Italy.

Civitella del Tronto is twinned with:

Spacecraft propulsion

Spacecraft propulsion is the method that a spacecraft uses to control its movement through outer space. A spacecraft with no means of propelling itself is typically considered derelict. 

The problem of propelling a spacecraft has, predictably, existed since spacecraft themselves. Most spacecraft are propelled by rocket engines, which combust an explosive liquid fuel with liquid oxidizer (oxygen in a liquid state) to generate hot gas which expands and propels the spacecraft forward.

Many methods of spacecraft propulsion have been developed and practiced. Most work by accelerating a propellant to a very high speed and ejecting it from the spacecraft through a nozzle.

A chemical rocket works by mixing an explosive propellant with liquid oxygen and burning it under pressure. This releases a great amount of heat. It results in a rapidly expanding gas. This gas is then funneled out of the rocket's nozzle (usually a bell shape) and off into space.

An ion thruster works by using static electricity or magnetism to accelerate ions (atoms with an electric charge) to very high speeds, and out of the thruster's nozzle. Ion thrusters make very little thrust but are very efficient.

A nuclear thermal rocket heats a propellant with heat from a nuclear reactor before expelling it through a nozzle. Nuclear thermal rockets are currently experimental, but will have decent thrust and high efficiency once put into practice.

Simeon

Simeon is a person in the Torah and Old Testament. Simeon was the second son of Jacob and Leah and the ancestor of one of the Twelve Tribes of the Israelites.

After Leah gave birth to her second son she said that the Lord had heard her voice so she named her son Simeon. She then gave birth to another son and said “I have poured out my heart to the Lord” and named him Levi.

When a prince named Shechem raped Dinah after having kidnapped her, he and his father Hamor wanted Shechem to marry her. So Jacob’s sons told him to tell Hamor to tell the men of Shechem to circumcise themselves. And then they did, so Shechem could marry Dinah. Then Simeon and his brother Levi killed every adult male in Shechem and rescued Dinah. But Jacob was angry with Simeon and Levi since he thought that the Canaanites would kill them all for it. So they asked him “should our sister be treated as a whore”. 

Simeon was the one of Joseph’s brothers that he jailed to get the others to bring Benjamin to Egypt. 

When Jacob died, he told Simeon and Levi that because of the massacre of Shechem they wouldn’t have land of their own as part of their inheritance but would instead be contained by the lands of the other tribes. So the tribe of Simeon had its lands surrounded on all sides by land belonging to the tribe of Judah. 

Nigerian Civil War

The Nigerian Civil War was a civil war fought between the government of Nigeria and the Republic of Biafra.

"Food was cut off from the 13 million inhabitants of Biafra"; Furthermore, "At the height of the war, an estimated 10,000 people (including 6,000 children) died from starvation every day".

Levi

Levi was a person in the Book of Genesis who was a son of Jacob and Leah. Along with his brother Simeon he killed the men of Shechem for the rape of Dinah. Because of that, his father Jacob told him that his tribe would not have his land as part of their inheritance but would live on the land of other tribes.

Levi had three sons and they were named Gershon, Kehath and Merari.

Kehath had a son named Amaram. Amaram married a woman named Yocheved and became the father of Miriam, Aaron and Moses. Moses became the prophet to the Israelites and Aaron became the High Priest. 

While the sons of Aaron and their male descendants became the priests, the rest of Levi’s descendant known as the Levites helped the priests in the sanctuary. Their tribe didn’t get any land of their own because they instead had to be the religious ministers to everyone in the other tribes who had to let the Levites live on their land. 

Lusigliè

Lusigliè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Maglione

Maglione is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Dinah

Dinah was a person from the Book of Genesis who was the daughter of Jacob and Leah. After Shechem kidnapped her, brought her to his hometown and raped her, he wanted to marry her. So Shechem’s father, a king named Hamor asked Jacob what it would take for Shechem to marry Dinah. Jacob asked his sons what to do about what had happened and they told him to tell Hamor that the daughters of Israel would never marry the men of Shechem unless they agreed to circumcision. Then the men of Shechem actually circumcised themselves. Then Shechem married Dinah. Then three days later, Simeon and Levi, killed all adult males in Shechem as revenge for the rape of Dinah. When Jacob was worried that the Canaanites would kill them for that and was angry with Simeon and Levi because of it, they asked him “shall our sister be treated as a whore.”

Bilhah

Bilhah was a person in the Book of Genesis who was given as a servant to Rachel after she married Jacob. When Rachel couldn’t have any children she told Jacob to marry Bilhah and Bilhah gave birth to two sons named Dan and Naphtali.

Cedrasco

Cedrasco is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Valdisotto

Valdisotto is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Destroy Erase Improve

Destroy Erase Improve is the second studio album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released on May 12 1995 by the band's record label, Nuclear Blast. This is the first Meshuggah album with guitarist Mårten Hagström. The album reached number 43 on the Swedish music charts for albums.

I (Meshuggah EP)

I is an extended play by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released on July 13 2004. A remastered version of the EP was released on September 30 2014. The remastered version of "I" also has concert recordings on it.

Naphtali

Naphtali was the second son of Jacob and Bilhah and the ancestor of one of the twelve tribes of Israel.

Zilpah

Zilpah was a woman in the Book of Genesis who was given as a servant to Leah. After Jacob married Bilhah, Leah told him to marry Zilpah and he did. She gave birth to two sons Gad and Asher.

Gad (son of Jacob)

Gad was the oldest son of Jacob and Zilpah and the ancestor of one of the twelve tribes of Israel.

Asher

In the Hebrew Bible and the Old Testament, Asher is the second son of Jacob and Zilpah and the ancestor of one of the twelve tribes of Israel.

Zebulun

Zebulun was the sixth son of Leah by her husband Jacob and the ancestor of one of the tribes of the Israelites.

Issachar

Issachar was the youngest son of Leah. Issachar was also a son of Jacob and ancestor of a tribe of Israel.

Benjamin

Benjamin was the youngest son of Jacob and the second son of Rachel. When Rachel gave birth to Joseph she prayed that the Lord would one day give her another child. And when Jacob and his family left Aramea, Rachel stole the idols of her father Laban without telling Jacob so when Laban came to Jacob and asked him “why did you steal my gods” Jacob said that he didn’t do it and curses the person who did it to die. Later, Rachel became pregnant and gave birth to a son and since she was dying in childbirth she named him Ben-Oni, son of my suffering, and after Rachel died, Jacob named the boy Benjamin, the son of the right.

After the sale of Joseph, Jacob thought Joseph was dead so he decided always to keep Benjamin by his side to protect him so that nothing could happen to him. But Judah (Biblical personage) still convinced him to let him bring Benjamin to Egypt with a promise to keep him safe. Then Benjamin was framed for stealing a cup from Joseph and Joseph said that he would enslave Benjamin as punishment but Judah and his brothers asked Joseph to have mercy on Benjamin and take them instead. Then Joseph told them he was their long lost brother and forgave them.

Benjamin became the ancestor of an Israelite tribe called the Benjaminites.

According to a Midrash in the Talmud, Benjamin was one of only four people who never sinned in their entire life.

2001–02 Austrian Cup

The 2001–02 Austrian Cup the 68th season of the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. FC Kärnten were the defending champions. 

Shatlak's Song

"Shatlak's Song" () is the anthem of Chechnya, a federal subject of Russia.

My Checheno-Ingushetia

"My Checheno-Ingushetia" (, , ) was the anthem of the Checheno-Ingush ASSR, an ASSR within the Russian SFSR.

Gad

Gad or GAD may refer to:


National anthem of Mongolia

The National Anthem of Mongolia was created in 1950. This was known before 1991 as the State Anthem of the Mongolian People's Republic. The words of the song were written by a Mongolian author named Tsendiin Damdinsüren, and the melody to his words were made by two composers by the names of Bilegiin Damdinsüren and Luvsanjambyn Mördorj.

The lyrics (words) of this song has been changed three times. First the lyrics were changed in 1961 to remove mentions of specific leaders; then in 1991, when communism came to an end, the lyrics no longer mentioned communism nor the Soviet Union; and finally in 2006, the lyrics were changed slightly, and this is the current version used till this day.

Dirty Laundry (Don Henley song)

"Dirty Laundry" is a 1982 song by Don Henley and was taken from his debut studio album "I Can't Stand Still". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 2 in South Africa, number 3 in the United States, number 7 in New Zealand and number 8 in Austria.

Nuclear thermal rocket

A nuclear thermal rocket (abbreviated to NTR) is a type of rocket engine which heats a propellant (usually liquid hydrogen) using a nuclear reactor. This is different from chemical rockets, which burn their propellant to heat it. NTRs have higher exhaust velocities than chemical rockets, high enough to triple a spacecraft's payload capacity (the amount of cargo or astronauts they can carry to their destination).

NTRs have the potential to be very fuel efficient while still providing good thrust, but their thrust-to-weight ratio is very small. A rocket's thrust-to-weight ratio (TWR) is the proportion between the amount of thrust the spacecraft can make and how much the spacecraft weighs. For example, a spacecraft that weighs 100 pounds and can produce 10 pounds of thrust would have a TWR of 1:10. An average chemical rocket has a TWR of about 70:1, but an average NTR has a TWR of 7:1. This means that NTRs have to burn for a long time to get the same acceleration as a chemical rocket. This is balanced by their high fuel efficiency.

NTRs have not been tested in space yet, but a special program named DRACO is going to attempt to do so.

Costa Rica brook frog

The Costa Rica brook frog or red-eyed stream frog ("Duellmanohyla uranochroa") is a frog. It lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 70 and 1740 meters above sea level.

The skin of the frog's back is green in color. The belly and neck are bright yellow. The parts of the legs that face the ground are yellow but less bright. There is a yellow-white stripe from the mouth to the place where the legs meet the body, one on each side. The iris of the eye is bright red. The female frog is bigger than the male frog, and she has bigger eardrums.

This frog moves at night. They go to mountain streams to look for food. During the day, they sit in bromeliad plants. The frogs lay eggs in May and June. The frog's voice sounds like "boop boop boop boop," but different frogs and frogs in different places can sound different. The female frog lays eggs in pools of water with silt on the bottom instead of sand or mud.

This frog is in danger of dying out. This is because human beings change the places where it lives. Sometimes even small changes can hurt this frog. Climate change and ultraviolet light can also kill this frog.

Caleb

Caleb son of Jephunneh was a person from the Book of Numbers who was one of the twelve spies that Moses sent to Canaan and aside from Joshua was the only one of them who still thought that the Lord could give the Israelites a victory against Canaan. Because of this Caleb and Joshua were the only adult males of that generation allowed to live long enough to come into the Promised Land. 

At the end of the Book of Joshua, just before Joshua dies, Caleb asks Joshua for permission to conquer Hebron and Joshua gives it to him. 

In the Book of Judges, Caleb’s daughter marries Othniel, the first judge. 

According to a Midrash in the Talmud, Caleb was one of the two spies that Joshua sent to Rahab. 

Boaz

Boaz was a man from the Book of Ruth. He was related to Ruth’s husband who had died without any children so she asked Boaz to marry her. He told her that there was a man who was more closely related to her husband than he was so she should try him first. Then Boaz told the person known as Ploni Almoni this and Ploni Almoni spit in a shoe so he would not have to marry Ruth. Then Boaz married Ruth and she gave birth to a son Obed. Obed became the father of Jesse and Jesse became the father of David.

Ishbosheth

Ishbosheth was a son of Saul. After Saul’s death, David went to Hebron and became king of the tribe of Judah (son of Jacob), while Ishbosheth who was a descendant of Benjamin became king of the rest of the tribes of Israel. After Ishbosheth’s general Abner left him to join David, Ishbosheth’s servants cut his head off and gave it to David. So David executed them for murdering their king.

The Sword

The Sword was an American heavy metal band from Austin, Texas. It was made in 2003 by singer and guitarist John Cronise, guitarist Kyle Shutt, and drummer Trivett Wingo. The band released their first album, "Age of Winters", in 2006. Cronise had written most of the album's music before making the band. Two years later, the band made "Gods of the Earth", which reached number 102 on the "Billboard" 200 music chart.

In 2010, the band released "Warp Riders". This was a concept album based on a science fiction story that Cronise made. Drummer Trivett Wingo left the band, and was replaced by Santiago Vega. After signing with a new record label, Razor & Tie, the band made three more albums: "Apocryphon" in 2012, "High Country" in 2015, and "Used Future" in 2018. The band ended in October 2022.

When they were first making music, people called The Sword a doom metal band. Members of the band said they were inspired by other bands, such as Sleep and Black Sabbath. Later, people said the band's music sounded more like hard rock and stoner rock. The Sword has toured with many other metal bands, such as Lamb of God, Metallica, and Clutch.


Contradictions Collapse

Contradictions Collapse is the first album by Swedish heavy metal band Meshuggah. The album was released on May 1, 1991 by the band's record label, Nuclear Blast. The album was first named "(All This Because of) Greed", but the band changed it before it was released. It was released again as a compact disc in 1998.

Rehoboam

Rehoboam was the son of King Solomon. After Solomon died Rehoboam became king of Israel. When Jeroboam asked Rehoboam to get rid of the hight taxes that Solomon had, Rehoboam talked to his father’s advisors and they told him to listen. And Rehoboam also asked his friends and they told him to ignore what Jeroboam was saying. So Rehoboam told Jeroboam and his followers “I have more strength in my little finger than my father had in his entire body, if my father whipped you with lashes then I shall whip you with scorpions”. After that most of the tribes of Israel left Rehoboam to make their own kingdom. Then Rehoboam felt remorse and sent his tax collector Adoniram to make peace with Jereoboam’s followers but then they threw stones at him until he died so Rehoboam ran away. Then Jeroboam called his kingdom, the kingdom of Israel, while Rehoboam called his own kingdom Judah. Rehoboam planned to invade and conquer Jeroboam’s kingdom in the North but the prophet Shemaya told him not to do that so he didn’t.

Kingdom of Israel

In the Books of Kings, after King Solomon died, his kingdom known as Israel split into two kingdoms one in the North and one in the South. The one in the South was called Judah and the one in the North was called the Kingdom of Israel. It was later conquered and destroyed by the Assyrian emperor Shalmaneser who exiled its people who were known ever since then as the Lost Tribes of Israel.

Exploration of the Moon

The Exploration of the Moon started when the Space Race/Space Age (1957 - 1969/1976) heated up and the Soviet Union and the United States both raced to the moon and later other planets. With the Space Race the world and technology changed, especially the interest of the moon.

The Soviet Union was the first country to land on the moon ( Without any Humans ) and the United States was behind in the space race but the United States was the first one to land with a human on the moon which started the exploration. More Satellites and Probes during and after the space race/space age were sent to explore the rocky surface and during the robots and human missions that successfully landed on the moon they found that the moon had craters and had a hard surface. But they also found dead volcanoes, and lava flowing through areas on the moon.

Secret (disambiguation)

A secret is information kept hidden.

Secret or The Secret may also refer to:


Ozone Disco fire

A 1996 Ozone Disco fire or simply as Ozone Disco fire occured on 11:35 pm, 18, March 1996 in South Avenue, Quezon City, Philippines. It left at least 162 dead and 95 are injured. It is the first worst fire in the Philippine history in the 20th century. It is also one of the top 10 worst fire nightclubs in the world.

The Ozone Disco is a famous club located at Tomas Morato in Quezon City. It was established in year 1991. It was developed and operated by Westwood Entertainment Company, Inc.

The fire broke out at 11:35 pm on March 18, 1996, More than 350 attendees when the incident, Most of them are young fresh men high school graduate at that time.

Charlie DePew

Charlie DePew, (born on May 22, 1996 in Pasadena, California) is an American actor and passionate storyteller.

In 2012, DePew was first seen at "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012) at The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014), alongside with Emma Stone, He moved on to several roles, "Awkward" (2014), "The Goldbergs" (2015). Even "Mad Men's Midseason 7" - finale (2014) with Kiernan Shipka.

Fredrik Thordendal

Fredrik Thordendal (born 11 February 1970) is a Swedish guitarist. He is best known for being the guitarist for extreme metal band Meshuggah. Along with other Meshuggah guitarist Mårten Hagström, Thordendal was called one of the 100 best guitarists of all time by "Guitar World". He was one of the people who made Meshuggah.

Pitch Black (EP)

Pitch Black is an extended play by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah. It was released on February 4 2013. The song "Pitch Black" was made in 2003 by Fredrik Thordendal. The other song on the EP, a live version of "Dancers to a Discordant System", is from the album "obZen".

Djent

Djent is a type of progressive metal. It is known for its difficult rhythm patterns, and is inspired by free jazz music. The electric guitar is one of the main instruments in djent. In djent, the guitar is played with high gain (power) and distortion. Djent guitarists also do things such as down-tune their guitar strings and palm mute. The word "djent" comes from how the music sounds. It is similar to math rock.

Fredrik Thordendal, the guitarist for Meshuggah, is known for being the first person to play djent music. Other bands that play djent music are Animals as Leaders, Periphery, and Tesseract.

Mappano

Mappano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mappano is in the northwestern area of the metropolitan area of Turin, about km in south of Turin-Caselle Airport. It is next to these municipalities: Borgaro Torinese, Caselle Torinese, Leinì, Settimo Torinese and Turin.

It was created on 30 January 2013, from territories which previously had been "frazioni" of the "comuni" of Borgaro Torinese, Caselle Torinese, Leinì and Settimo Torinese.

Marentino

Marentino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Massello

Massello is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Roure, Piedmont

Roure is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about west of Turin.

Roure is next to these municipalities: Bussoleno, Coazze, Fenestrelle, Massello, Mattie, Perosa Argentina, Perrero, and San Giorio di Susa.

Perosa Argentina

Perosa Argentina is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about northwest of Turin.

Perosa Argentina is next to these municipalities: Coazze, Giaveno, Roure, Pinasca, Perrero, Pomaretto, and Inverso Pinasca.


Perrero

Perrero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pinasca

Pinasca is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Meshuggah (EP)

Meshuggah, also known as Psykisk Testbild, is the first extended play by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released in 1989. The three songs on "Meshuggah" were later put on "Rare Trax", a compilation album made by the band. Only 1,000 vinyl copies of it were made, and they were sold by a music store in Umeå.

Uggiate-Trevano

Uggiate-Trevano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

The Living Daylights (song)

"The Living Daylights" is a 1987 song by Norwegian pop band A-ha and is the first single from their third studio album "Stay on These Roads" (1988). It is the theme song from the 1987 James Bond movie of the same name. The song went to number 1 in Norway, number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in Denmark, Finland, Italy and Sweden, number 4 in Belgium, number 5 in South Africa and the United Kingdom, number 8 in Switzerland and Germany and number 9 in the Netherlands.

Ennetières-en-Weppes

Ennetières-en-Weppes is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Ennevelin

Ennevelin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,236 people lived there.


Eppe-Sauvage

Eppe-Sauvage is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 248 people lived there.


Eringhem

Eringhem is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Erquinghem-le-Sec

Erquinghem-le-Sec is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 597 people lived there.


Escarmain

Escarmain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 484 people lived there.


Escaudain

Escaudain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 9,682 people lived there.


Escaudœuvres

Escaudœuvres is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,218 people lived there.


Escautpont

Escautpont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,208 people lived there.


Esnes

Esnes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 674 people lived there.


Esquerchin

Esquerchin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 906 people lived there.


Estaires

Estaires is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,461 people lived there.


Godspeed You! Black Emperor

Godspeed You! Black Emperor (sometimes called GY!BE or Godspeed) is a Canadian post-rock band. They formed in Montreal, Canada in 1994. After making their first album in 1997, the group played at concerts from 1998 to 2003. In 2000, they released "Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven". It was called one of the best albums of the 2000s. In 2003, the band took a break so that the members could play other kinds of music. They came back together in 2010, and released four more albums. Their newest album is "G_d's Pee at State's End!". It was released in 2021.

The band is known for being very important in post-rock music. Their music is usually instrumental, and is about ideas such as war and anarchism. The band often puts monologues into their songs. In 2013, the album "'Allelujah! Don't Bend! Ascend!" won the Polaris Music Prize.


Faggeto Lario

Faggeto Lario is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Albese con Cassano

Albese con Cassano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Mathi

Mathi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mattie

Mattie is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mazzè

Mazzè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Meana di Susa

Meana di Susa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Moncenisio, Piedmont

Moncenisio is the smallest "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is on the border with France.

Montaldo Torinese

Montaldo Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Montalenghe

Montalenghe is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

San Mauro Torinese

San Mauro Torinese is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 18,900 people live there.

Sauze d'Oulx

Sauze d'Oulx is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in northern Italy.

It was the site of the freestyle skiing events of the 2006 Olympic Winter Games. Together with the villages of Pragelato, Sestriere, Claviere, Cesana Torinese, San Sicario and Montgenèvre, in France which makes up the Via Lattea (Milky Way) skiing area.

Settimo Vittone

Settimo Vittone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Tavagnasco

Tavagnasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Quincinetto

Quincinetto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.


Marnaz

Marnaz is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.


Montanaro

Montanaro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Montanaro is twinned with:

Chiusa Sclafani

Chiusa Sclafani is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Sicily region in Italy.


Monteu da Po

Monteu da Po is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Nichelino

Nichelino is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 47,700 people live there.

Nichelino is twinned with:

Caluire-et-Cuire

Caluire-et-Cuire is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Metropolis of Lyon in east France.

It is the fifth-largest suburb of the city of Lyon.

Böllen

Böllen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Fröhnd

Fröhnd is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Kandern

Kandern is a town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Häg-Ehrsberg

Häg-Ehrsberg is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Schliengen

Schliengen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Charvieu-Chavagneux

Charvieu-Chavagneux is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.

Estreux

Estreux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 959 people lived there.


The Ballad of John and Yoko

"The Ballad of John and Yoko" is a 1969 song by The Beatles and was released as a non-album single. It has appeared on albums "1967-1970" and "1". It topped the single charts in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

Isny im Allgäu

Isny im Allgäu is a town in Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Allgäu region.

Isny was a Free Imperial City ("Freie Reichsstadt") until the mediatisation of 1803.

J. Cole

J. Cole (born Jermaine Lamarr Cole; January 28, 1985) is an American rapper and record producer.

Cole was born at a United States Army base in Frankfurt, West Germany. His father is an African American who served in the United States Army. Cole's mother is white. Eight months later, Cole moved to Fayetteville, North Carolina, where he was raised by his mother, aunt and cousin. His father left the family when Cole was still young.
Cole began gaining popularity after his first mixtape, "The Come Up", was released in 2007. In 2009, he was signed to Jay-Z's record label Roc Nation. Cole released two additional mixtapes, "The Warm Up" in 2009 and "Friday Night Lights" in 2010.
Cole released his first studio album, "", in 2011. It peaked at number one on the US "Billboard" 200. His next two albums, "Born Sinner" (2013) and "2014 Forest Hills Drive" (2014), also topped the "Billboard" 200. "2014 Forest Hills Drive" earned Cole a Best Rap Album nomination at the 2015 Grammy Awards. 

His fourth album, "4 Your Eyez Only" (2016), peaked at number one on the "Billboard" 200. Cole's other albums, "KOD" (2018) and "The Off-Season" (2021), also topped the "Billboard" 200. Altogether, Cole has earned six number-one album on the "Billboard" 200.
As a producer, he has worked with famous musicians such as Kendrick Lamar and Janet Jackson.
He founded his own record label Dreamville Records. The label's compilation album "Revenge of the Dreamers III" (2019) charted at number one on the "Billboard" 200. It was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards.

Cole has won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Song, a "Billboard" Music Award for Top Rap Album, three Soul Train Music Awards, and eight BET Hip Hop Awards.


That One Night: Live in Buenos Aires

That One Night: Live in Buenos Aires is a live album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on compact disc and DVD in September 2007. It has music from a concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina in October 2005. On the DVD, there are also videos of Dave Mustaine and Glen Drover playing songs at the hotel they were staying at for the concert.

The DVD was certified gold by the RIAA and certified platinum by Music Canada. It is the only album by Megadeth with James MacDonough playing on it. He was replaced with James LoMenzo for the band's next release, "United Abominations".

All music and lyrics by Dave Mustaine, except where noted


Al Pitrelli

Al Pitrelli is an American guitarist. He is known for playing music with Megadeth, Alice Cooper, Savatage, and the Trans-Siberian Orchestra.

Pitrelli joined Savatage in 1995. He played guitar on three of the band's albums. Paul O'Neill asked him to join the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, another rock band. He has played on every album with the band. He joined Megadeth in 2000, but left in 2002.

List of Megadeth band members

Megadeth is an American thrash metal band. It was made by Dave Mustaine and David Ellefson in 1983.
In 1985, Megadeth made its first album, named "Killing is My Business... and Business is Good!." The Combat Records record label released the album. After the album came out, larger record labels noticed Megadeth, and the band joined Capitol Records. Their first album with Capitol Records, "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?", was released in 1986. Some Megadeth band members were addicted to drugs, so they got a lot of bad publicity during the 1980s. Still, the band released many popular albums, such as "So Far, So Good... So What!" in 1988, "Rust in Peace" in 1990, and "Countdown to Extinction" in 1992. The band took a break in 2002, but came back together later. They have released six albums since then.
Megadeth has had many different guitarists, drummers, and bassists. Mustaine is the last member of the original group who is still in the band. Megadeth's current members are guitarist and singer Dave Mustaine, guitarist Kiko Loureiro, drummer Dirk Verbeuren and bassist James LoMenzo.

A session musician is someone hired by a band to help make music.

Love Spreads

"Love Spreads" is a 1994 song by British indie rock band The Stone Roses and was taken from their second studio album "Second Coming". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Ireland, number 13 in Sweden, number 23 in New Zealand and number 36 in Australia.

7-inch vinyl (Geffen GFS 84)<br> Cassette (Geffen GFSC 84)

12-inch vinyl (Geffen GFST 84)

CD (Geffen GFSTD 84)

Empire (disambiguation)

An empire is a group of states or peoples under centralized rule.

Empire may also refer to:























Robert Brown (disambiguation)

Robert Brown may refer to:










Bob Brown (disambiguation)

Bob Brown (born 1944) is the former Australian Greens parliamentary leader.

Bob Brown may also refer to:








Bobby Brown (disambiguation)

Bobby Brown (born 1969) is an American R&B singer.

Bobby, Bobbie or Bobbi Brown may also refer to:





Last Goodbye (Jeff Buckley song)

"Last Goodbye" is a 1995 song by Jeff Buckley and taken from his debut studio album "Grace". It went to number 54 in the United Kingdom and number 88 in Australia.

UK CD 1 (6620422)


UK CD 2 (6620425)


Japanese EP (SRCS-7592)


Patrick Kelly

Patrick Altham Kelly PHL KC*HS (born 23 November 1938) is an English prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the archbishop emeritus of the Archdiocese of Liverpool following his resignation which took effect on 27 February 2013; he was formerly Vice President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales.

Yolanda Shrine

Yolanda Shrine or Yolanda monument and simply as M/V Eva Jocelyn is a ship monument washed ashore at Tacloban City, caused by Typhoon Yolanda (Haiyan). It hit the central Philippines on November 8, 2013. The name of M/V Eva Jocelyn was merged to Yolanda after the disaster.

The M/V Eva Jocelyn ship from "Basey, Samar" the ship was swept during the time of ravages of the Typhoon, in Bo. Anibong, Tacloban City, Leyte. The ship is named to commemorate of the victims.

Kimbap

Kimbap or gimbap is the Korean name for Futomaki ( makizushi ) originating from Japan's Korea , made with rice and various ingredients rolled in dried seaweed leaves. ( "nori" ).

Pragelato

Pragelato is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about west of Turin, in the upper Val Chisone.

It was the site of the cross-country skiing, ski jumping, and nordic combined events of the 2006 Winter Olympics. Together with the villages of Sestriere, Sauze d'Oulx, Claviere, Cesana Torinese, San Sicario and Montgenèvre, in France which makes up the Via Lattea (Milky Way) skiing area.


List of countries by English-speaking population

There are countries where people speak English in every continent. The English language came from England in the United Kingdom, and it is one of the languages of West Germanic language.


Nomaglio

Nomaglio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Novalesa

Novalesa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Bessans

Bessans is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France. It is known for its large Nordic skiing area in the winter and for its trekking and mountain climbing opportunities in the summer.

Oglianico

Oglianico is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Orbassano

Orbassano is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 23,300 people live there.

Orbassano is twinned with:

Osasco, Piedmont

Osasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.


Osasco (disambiguation)

Osasco can mean:



AFR

AFR may refer to:


Osasio

Osasio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pancalieri

Pancalieri is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pancalieri is twinned with:

Parella

Parella is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cossato

Cossato is an Italian city in Piedmont. 14,804 people live there and it has an area of 27,74 km², which makes it the second largest city in the Province of Biella.

Vigliano Biellese

Vigliano Biellese is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about northeast of Turin and about southeast of Biella.

Vigliano Biellese is next to these municipalities: Biella, Candelo, Cerreto Castello, Cossato, Ronco Biellese, Valdengo.



Candelo

Candelo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Valdengo

Valdengo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Roma people in Lithuania

The Roma population in Lithuania is small. They are concentrated in Vilnius. The Roma first arrived in Lithuania via Poland in the 14th century.


Cerreto Castello

Cerreto Castello is a "frazione" of Quaregna Cerreto in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Quaregna

Quaregna is a "frazione" of Quaregna Cerreto in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Quaregna Cerreto

Quaregna Cerreto is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. It was created on 1 January 2019 by the merger of the former "comuni" of
Quaregna and Cerreto Castello.

Cephalosporin

The cephalosporins (sg. are a group of antibiotics similar to penicillin that was originally made from the fungus "Acremonium", which was previously known as "Cephalosporium".
They are used to treat many infections caused by bacteria.

West Melton, New Zealand

West Melton is a town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand and is located west of Christchurch. It has two rural statistical areas in Halkett and Newtons Road. It has a primary school and is getting its first set of traffic lights set to be installed in 2022-23.

La Ville-du-Bois

La Ville-du-Bois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

List of countries by French-speaking population

There are countries where people speaks French, in every continent. The French language came from France, it is one of the languages of Latino-Faliscan language. And one of the largest language in the World.



Massy, Essonne

Massy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2019, 50,644 people lived there.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Cassina de' Pecchi

Cassina de' Pecchi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cassina de' Pecchi is twinned with:

Estrun

Estrun is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 712 people lived there.


Maresches

Maresches is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 812 people lived there.


Haubourdin

Haubourdin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 14,725 people lived there.


Wembach

Wembach is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

List of countries by Spanish-speaking population

There are countries where people speak Spanish, in the continent of Americas. The Spanish language came from Spain, the language is from Italic language in Indo-European. And one of the most influential language across the Western Hemisphere and Africa.


O-hook

O-hook is a letter used in the Abkhaz language. The letter makes the /ɥ/ sound. In Unicode, the letter is called “Abkhazian Ha”.

Monocular O

Monocular O is a rare form of the Cyrillic letter О. It was sometimes used in the word ꙩко (oko), meaning eye.

Reversed Ze

Reversed Ze is a Cyrillic letter that is a reversed З (Ze). The letter is used in the Enets language and makes the /æ/ sound. It is also used in Khanty. In alphabetical order, it does not sort after Ze, but between Ё (Yo) and Ж (Zhe).

Ischia, Campania

Ischia is a town and "comune" on Ischia island in the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is part of the Metropolitan City of Naples, in the Campania region in southern Italy.


Ischia

Ischia is an island in the Tyrrhenian Sea. The island is at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples, about from Naples. It is the largest of the Phlegrean Islands.

Ischia is the name of the main "comune" of the island.

Pavarolo

Pavarolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pecetto Torinese

Pecetto Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about southeast of Turin.

Pecetto Torinese is next to these municipalities: Turin, Pino Torinese, Chieri, Moncalieri, Cambiano, and Trofarello. It is known for the production of cherries.

Trofarello

Trofarello is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pertusio

Pertusio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pessinetto

Pessinetto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pianezza

Pianezza is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cran-Gevrier

Cran-Grevier is a former commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Annecy.

Cran-Grevier is twinned with:

Linlithgow

Linlithgow (; ) is a town in West Lothian, Scotland. About 13,000 people live there.


Piscina, Piedmont

Piscina is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Eswars

Eswars is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 350 people lived there.


Faches-Thumesnil

Faches-Thumesnil is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 18,191 people lived there.


Washington State Route 519

SR 519 in the state of Washington is unique in that it marks the furthest west boundary for US Interstate 90 (I-90). 4th Avenue south in the city of Seattle is the entry to I-90, heading east which ends in Boston, MA.

This trip (I-90) puts you on the 3rd longest road in the United States covering 3,101.77 miles. Only US Route 20 and US Route 6 are longer.

Lift Me Up

"Lift Me Up" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released October 28, 2022 by Westbury Road, Roc Nation, Def Jam and Hollywood Records as the lead single for the soundtrack of the film "" (2022). The song is Rihanna's first solo release in six years. She wrote the song with Nigerian singer Tems, Ryan Coolidge, Priscilla Renea, and its producer. Ludwig Göransson.

It broke the record for most-added song on pop radio, with 519 adds. It entered at number three on the UK Singles Chart and at number two on the US Hot 100, behind Taylor Swift's "Anti-Hero". It became her highest-charting song since "Wild Thoughts" also reached number two on the Hot 100 in 2017.

The song was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song.  Rihanna performed the song at the 95th Academy Awards (Oscars) on March 12, 2023.

Governor of Karnali Province

The governor of Karnali is the Constitution head of province executive of Bagmati Province. The governor is appointed by the President of Nepal on recommended by federal cabinet for a tern of five years, and office at the President's pleasure. The role was first created in 2018.

The current governor is Tilak Pariyar who was appointed and took office on 9 November 2021. The position has been held by three people in a permanent capacity since its creation.

Article 164 of the Constitution of Nepal states that:


Durga Keshar Khanal

Durga Keshar Khanal () is the 1st Provincial Governor of Karnali Province. He was recommended as Governor of Karnali Province on 13 January 2018.

2022 Madhesh Provincial Assembly election

Provincial assembly elections are expected to be held in Nepal in November 2022 unless the Provincial Assembly is dissolved earlier. The discussion to conduct sooner than later is underway due to interest of leading Nepali Congress while the opposition, CPN (UML) is already demanding for fresh mandate.

Casalecchio di Reno

Casalecchio di Reno is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 36,500 people live there.

Casalecchio di Reno is twinned with:

1922–23 Austrian Cup

The 1922–23 Austrian Cup was the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. The competition started as "Cup of the Lower Austrian Association" and ended as the "Vienna Cup" after the associations of Vienna and Lower Austria separated in February 1923.

First round with teams from the Second League.

Kroměříž

Kroměříž () is a town in the Zlín Region in the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Kroměříž District. About 28,000 people live there. It is known for the Kroměříž Castle with castle gardens, which was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1998.

Kroměříž is twinned with:


Piverone

Piverone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Poirino

Poirino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Marquette-en-Ostrevant

Marquette-en-Ostrevant is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,897 people lived there.


Pont-Canavese

Pont-Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Porte, Piedmont

Porte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

San Germano Chisone

San Germano Chisone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Saint-André-lez-Lille

Saint-André-lez-Lille is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 13,151 people lived there.


Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven

Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven (sometimes called Lift Your Skinny Fists) is the second album by Canadian post-rock band Godspeed You! Black Emperor. It was released on October 9, 2000. It has been called one of the best albums of the 2000s by many people. The album was first released as two vinyl records. It was also released as a compact disc later.

Moshe Arens Terminal

Moshe Arens terminal is a temporary central station, designed to replace the Petah Tiqwa CBS until the opening of the new central station in Petah Tiqwa. The station is located close to Avshalom Gissin, Bar Kochba, and mivtza kadesh streets. The station was established on May 31, 2019.

The station has 8 platforms. There is a station next to the terminal on Avshalom Gissin Street. 

Reading signs


Can't Buy Me Love (song)

"Can't Buy Me Love" is a 1964 song by The Beatles and was taken from their third studio album "A Hard Day's Night". It topped the single charts in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Sweden. It has been covered by jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald.

Yakovlev Yak-9

The Yakovlev Yak-9 () is a single-engine, single-seat multipurpose fighter aircraft. It was used by the Soviet Union and its allies during World War II and the early Cold War. The Yak-9 played a major role in taking back air superiority from the Luftwaffe's new Focke-Wulf Fw 190 and Messerschmitt Bf 109G fighters during the Battle of Kursk in summer 1943. It was one of the most produced Soviet fighters of World War II. The Yak-9 stayed in production from 1942 to 1948, with 16,769 built (14,579 during the war). After World War II, the Yak-9 would also be used by the North Korean Air Force during the Korean War.


























Soviet Navy

The Soviet Navy () was the naval warfare uniform service branch of the Soviet Armed Forces. It was usually called the Red Fleet (). 

The Soviet Navy made up a large part of the Soviet Union's strategic planning if a war were to every start with the opposing superpower, the United States, during the Cold War period between the two countries. The Soviet Navy played a large role during the Cold War (1945-1991). It confronted the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation in Western Europe and helped to keep the Soviet sphere of influence in eastern Europe.
The Soviet Navy was divided into four major fleets: the Northern, Pacific, Black Sea, and Baltic Fleets. It also had a smaller force, the Caspian Flotilla, which worked in the Caspian Sea and was followed by a larger fleet, the 5th Squadron, in the Middle East. The Soviet Navy included Naval Aviation, Naval Infantry, and the Coastal Artillery.
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, the Russian Federation took the largest part of the Soviet Navy and turned it into the Russian Navy. The rest of the Soviet Navy were given to the other post-Soviet states.

In 1990, the Soviet Navy had:
















Prali

Prali is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Prali is twinned with:

My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)

"My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" is a 1992 song by En Vogue and is the leading from their second studio album "Funky Divas". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Greece, number 9 in Ireland, number 10 in the Netherlands and Canada and number 11 in New Zealand.




Pralormo

Pralormo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pramollo

Pramollo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Prarostino

Prarostino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Prascorsano

Prascorsano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. Nearby sights include the Sacro Monte di Belmonte.

Pratiglione

Pratiglione is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Quagliuzzo

Quagliuzzo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in northern Italy.

Quassolo

Quassolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Famars

Famars is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,545 people lived there.


Rotting Christ

Rotting Christ is a Greek black metal band. It was formed in 1987. They are known for being one of the first black metal bands from Greece. They are popular in the European underground metal community. Rotting Christ is also known for making black metal sound different in the early 1990s.

Rotting Christ has had many problems because of the name of their band. In 1999, Gary Bauer (a candidate to run for president in the United States) said the band was "anti-Catholic" because of their name. Sakis Tolis, the singer for the band, said that "everyone should have the right to call religions as he/she wants", and Rotting Christ is just "one of the many bands that represent the dark side in metal music".

The name has also made the band cancel concerts. In 2005, the singer and guitarist for Megadeth, Dave Mustaine, said he would not play at a Greek concert if Rotting Christ was also playing.

In April 2018, Rotting Christ was arrested in Georgia. This was because the government thought they were terrorists because of the band's name. They were let go later, and were able to play at the concert they had in Georgia.


Faumont

Faumont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,213 people lived there.


Feignies

Feignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,809 people lived there.


Fenain

Fenain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,510 people lived there.


Abaucourt

Abaucourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeast France.

Abbecourt, Oise

Abbecourt is a commune in the Oise department in north France.

Abbecourt

Abbecourt can mean:

Abbeville-Saint-Lucien

Abbeville-Saint-Lucien is a commune in the Oise department in north France.

Zohar

The Zohar is a book commenting on the Torah and Talmud which is the main book used to study the Kabbalah.

Shechina

Shechina is a Hebrew word meaning divine presence. It is said by the Talmud to appear at sacred and holy places. It is also important in the Kabbalah.

Incredibox

Incredibox is a music video game, made and released by the French company So Far So Good. To play, users must drag and drop sound icons onto the "polos", or the characters, to make music. Players can use combos to unlock animated bonuses and record their mixes for a ranking. There is an automatic mode that randomly places sounds icons.

"Incredibox" is an app where the player can use 7 beatboxers to make a mix. Once they pick one from the available 8 versions, they are brought to an interface. This interface shows 20 available sound icons, divided into 4 categories: beat, effects, melodies and voices. Each icon is a unique acappella sound loop to drag and drop onto the polos.

A Hard Day's Night (song)

"A Hard Day's Night" is a 1964 song by The Beatles and is the title track to their third studio album "A Hard Day's Night". It was taken from the 1964 movie "A Hard Day's Night". It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Windows Mobile 5.0

Windows Mobile 5.0 (codenamed: Magneto) was released and developer of Microsoft on May 9-12, 2005 at Embedded Developer Conference 2005. 

Microsoft offered that manistream support of Windows Mobile 5.0 was ended on October 12, 2010, but extended support was originally on January 8, 2013 but was postponed on October 13, 2015, after Windows Mobile was discontinued of Microsoft in that years. Windows Mobile 5.0 was <nowiki>"</nowiki>the longest supported of Windows Mobile<nowiki>"</nowiki> because that support ended until 2015.

Windows Mobile 5.0 was succeeded by Windows Mobile 6.0 in 2007 after release the Beta Development of Windows Mobile 6.0, Windows Mobile Longhorn. After that, in January 8, 2013, all Windows Mobile was discontinued to running of Windows Phone, but Windows Mobile 5.0 was extended support until October 13, 2015.


List of people from New Orleans

This is a list of notable people who are or were natives, or notable as residents of, or relation with the U.S. city of New Orleans, Louisiana.













Super Mario 3D All-Stars

Super Mario 3D All-Stars is a Nintendo Switch compilation game. 

It was released on September 18, 2020 to celebrate the 35th anniversary of Super Mario Bros. It contains Super Mario 64 (1996), Super Mario Sunshine (2002), and Super Mario Galaxy (2007) with upscaled visuals. It had been made available in limited quantities as a retail edition and a digital edition that was available until March 31, 2021. 

The compilation and its name are based on Super Mario All-Stars, but it instead contains the first three 3D platformers of the Super Mario series. The compilation marks the first time Super Mario Sunshine has been re-released on another console. 

Changes from the original games include 720p resolution and rumble in Super Mario 64 (which was also featured in the Shindō Pak Taiō version), 1080p resolution and a 16:9 aspect ratio in Super Mario Sunshine, and 1080p resolution and motion controls that mimic the Wii Remote in Super Mario Galaxy. 

All three games support docked, tabletop, and handheld modes, with Super Mario Galaxy having the player use the button to spin and emulate the pointer with the touch screen on handheld mode. Each game also modifies control graphics and tutorial text to correspond to the Nintendo Switch. Additionally, the game contains digital soundtracks of the three respective games, with 175 tracks in total.

Mario Tennis Open

Mario Tennis Open is a sports game for the Nintendo 3DS. It is the fifth installment of the Mario Tennis series (developed by Camelot Software Planning). 

The game features gyroscope support and online multiplayer (using the Nintendo Network procedures). This is the first handheld installment in the series to not include a Story Mode or RPG elements. It is also the first handheld installment with a Tournament mode. 

This game is also the first Mario game to use QR (Quick Response) codes. In this case, it is used to unlock playable characters and the Yoshi costume. The game requires 2019 blocks to download from the Nintendo eShop.

Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour

Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour is the third game in the Mario Golf series. It is the second home console instalment. The game was released for the Nintendo GameCube. This is the home console counterpart to on the Game Boy Advance. It also earned the Player's Choice rating, being re-released in North America in 2004 and Australia in 2005.

Karl Kanhäuser

Karl Kanhäuser (18 July 1900 – 31 December 1945) was an Austrian footballer. He played as forward for Wiener Sport-Club and in the national teams of Austria and Czechoslovakia.
Karl Kanhäuser was one of three brothers who contributed to one of the most successful eras of the Wiener Sport-Club. After the First World War he became a regular as a centre-forward for the first time where his brother Edi was goalkeeper and Hans was midfielder.

During the successful period between 1921 and 1924, Karl Kanhäuser made five matches in the Austrian national team. He made his debut against Sweden on 26 March 1921. On 20 May 1924 he scored three goals in a 4-1 victory over Romania.

1925 he became professional footballer for DFC Prag which was coached by former Austrian international Robert Cimera.

Kanhauser renounced Austrian for Czechoslovakian citizenship in 1931. Towards the end of the Second World War he was drafted into the Wehrmacht and came to Yugoslavia. Since then he has been reported missing. The date of death was officially set as December 31, 1945 by decision of the Vienna Regional Court. His brother Edi, who also was a footballer, was killed in May 1944 in the Battle of Monte Cassino.

Mario Tennis Aces

Mario Tennis Aces is a tennis video game for the Nintendo Switch. It is the 8th installment in the Mario Tennis series. It features matches that can be played in singles, involving only two players, or doubles, involving two pairs of players. In every match, there is a server and a receiver. It switches sides at the start of every game.

Vestibular hypofunction

A partial or complete loss of function in the central or peripheral nervous systems of the vestibular system is known as vestibular hypofunction. Despite the fact that genetic, neurodegenerative, toxic, viral, or traumatic factors may be the causes of vestibular hypofunction. The bone and cartilage that make up our ear are part of a complicated system.

LiveLeak

LiveLeak was a British video sharing website. It was active from 2006 until 2021.

The website was known for having videos that were gory and violent . The site closed on 5 May 2021. The web address was redirected to "itemfix.com".

Penny Lane

"Penny Lane" is a 1967 song by The Beatles and was released as a double A-side single to "Strawberry Fields Forever". It went to number 1 in Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States and went to number 2 in Ireland.

Paperback Writer

"Paperback Writer" is a 1966 song by The Beatles and was released A-side to their eleventh single "Rain". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia, Canada, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.

The-Dream

The-Dream (real name: Terius Youngdell Nash) (born September 20, 1977) is a Grammy-winning American producer and singer-songwriter. As a songwriter, he wrote the songs "Me Against the Music" (2003) by Britney Spears, "Ride" (2010) by Ciara, "Umbrella" (2007) by Rihanna, "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" (2008) and "Partition" (2013) both by Beyoncé, "Touch My Body" (2008) by Mariah Carey and "Baby" (2010) byJustin Bieber.

The-Dream has released five studio albums and eleven singles:

The-Dream has been nominated fifteen times for the Grammy Awards. He won five of these nominations:


Govi-Altai Province

Govi-Altai ( / , ) is an aimag (province) in western Mongolia.

Greentop, Missouri

Greentop is a city in Adair and Schuyler counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Gibbs, Missouri

Gibbs is a village in Adair County, Missouri, United States.

Millard, Missouri

Millard is a village in Adair County, Missouri, United States.

Well-posed problem

In mathematics, a problem is called well-posed, if all of the following conditions are met:


If at least one of the conditions is not met, the problem is called ill-posed. Jacques Hadamard (1865-1963), a French mathematician, first studied these problems. He believed that mathematical models of physical phenomena should have the properties listed above.
Examples of well-posed problems include the Dirichlet problem for Laplace's equation, and the heat equation with specified initial conditions. These might be regarded as 'natural' problems, because they model there are physical processes.

Problems that are not well-posed in the sense of Hadamard are termed ill-posed. Inverse problems are often ill-posed. For example, the inverse heat equation, deducing a previous distribution of temperature from final data, is not well-posed in that the solution is highly sensitive to changes in the final data.

Continuum models must often be discretized in order to obtain a numerical solution. While solutions may be continuous with respect to the initial conditions, they may suffer from numerical instability when solved with finite precision, or with errors in the data. Even if a problem is well-posed, it may still be ill-conditioned, meaning that a small error in the initial data can result in much larger errors in the answers. Problems in nonlinear complex systems (so-called chaotic systems) provide well-known examples of instability. An ill-conditioned problem is indicated by a large condition number.

If the problem is well-posed, then it stands a good chance of solution on a computer using a stable algorithm. If it is not well-posed, it needs to be re-formulated for numerical treatment. Typically this involves including additional assumptions, such as smoothness of solution. This process is known as "regularization". Tikhonov regularization is one of the most commonly used for regularization of linear ill-posed problems.

Amazonia, Missouri

Amazonia is a village in Andrew County, Missouri, United States.

Cosby, Missouri

Cosby is a village in Andrew County, Missouri, United States.

Country Club, Missouri

Country Club is a village in Andrew County, Missouri, United States.

Watson, Missouri

Watson is a village in Atchison County, Missouri, United States.

Twist and Shout

"Twist and Shout" is a 1961 song originally sung by Top Notes and did not become a hit until The Isley Brothers did it in 1962. British rock and roll band The Beatles turned it into a even bigger hit in 1964 and topped the singles charts in the United States, Finland and New Zealand. American hip-hop band Salt-N-Pepa covered it in 1988 for their second album "A Salt with a Deadly Pepa". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom and number 5 in Ireland and the Netherlands.

Theodor Brinek

Theodor Brinek (8 August 1898 – 25 July 1974) was an Austrian footballer and football manager. He played for SC Wacker Wien and in 1927 in one match for the Austria national football team.
From 1923 to 1928 he played regularly as a midfielder for SC Wacker Wien. In 1927 he was called by Hugo Meisl into the Austria national football team. On 20 March 1927 he played his only game versus Switzerland.

From 1959 to 1961 and 1963 to 1965 he managed FC Wacker Innsbruck. In 1964 he led the team to the First League for the first time in club history.

Gentry, Missouri

Gentry is a village in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

Drexel, Missouri

Drexel is a city in Bates and Cass counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Foster, Missouri

Foster is a village in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Merwin, Missouri

Merwin is a village in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Passaic, Missouri

Passaic is a village in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Greenwood, Missouri

Greenwood is a city in Cass and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Baldwin Park, Missouri

Baldwin Park is a village in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Gunn City, Missouri

Gunn City is a village in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Riverview Estates, Missouri

Riverview Estates is a village in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Loch Lloyd, Missouri

Loch Lloyd is a village in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

West Line, Missouri

West Line is a village in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Centralia, Missouri

Centralia is a city in Audrain and Boone counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Benton City, Missouri

Benton City is a village in Audrain County, Missouri, United States. In 2020, 101 people lived there.

Benton City was platted in 1881. The village is named after Thomas Hart Benton.

Benton City is at (39.134798, -91.764443).

The United States Census Bureau says that the village has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 101 people, 40 households, and 25 families living in Benton City.

Rush Hill, Missouri

Rush Hill is a village in Audrain County, Missouri, United States.

Vandiver, Missouri

Vandiver is a village in Audrain County, Missouri, United States.

Arrow Point, Missouri

Arrow Point is a village in Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Reano

Reano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Riva presso Chieri

Riva presso Chieri is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Rivalba

Rivalba is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Rivalba is twinned with:

Rivarossa

Rivarossa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Robassomero

Robassomero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Rocca Canavese

Rocca Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Roletto

Roletto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ronco Canavese

Ronco Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Férin

Férin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,458 people lived there.


Féron

Féron is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 564 people lived there.

It is about north of Fourmies. Since 2020, the current mayor is Jean-François Baudry.


Ferrière-la-Grande

Ferrière-la-Grande is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,273 people lived there.


Ferrière-la-Petite

Ferrière-la-Petite is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,058 people lived there.


Flaumont-Waudrechies

Flaumont-Waudrechies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 365 people lived there.


Flesquières

Flesquières is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 261 people lived there.


Flers-en-Escrebieux

Flers-en-Escrebieux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,781 people lived there.


Flêtre

Flêtre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 986 people lived there.


Flines-lès-Mortagne

Flines-lès-Mortagne is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,635 people lived there.


Tronzano Lago Maggiore

Tronzano Lago Maggiore is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Minion

Minion(s) may refer to:



Pino sulla Sponda del Lago Maggiore

Pino sulla Sponda del Lago Maggiore is a "frazione" of Maccagno con Pino e Veddasca in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Until 2014, when it was merged with Maccagno and Veddasca to form the new municipality.

Maccagno

Maccagno was a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Since 2014, the former municipalities of Maccagno, Pino sulla Sponda del Lago Maggiore and Veddasca merged into the new municipality of Maccagno con Pino e Veddasca.

Veddasca

Veddasca was a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Since 2014, the former municipalities of Maccagno, Pino sulla Sponda del Lago Maggiore and Veddasca merged into the new municipality of Maccagno con Pino e Veddasca.

Maccagno con Pino e Veddasca

Maccagno con Pino e Veddasca is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy. It was created in 2014 from the former municipalities of Maccagno, Pino sulla Sponda del Lago Maggiore and Veddasca.

Curiglia con Monteviasco

Curiglia con Monteviasco is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy, on the border with Switzerland. The municipal seat is in Curiglia.

UTC+13:00

UTC+13 is a time zone. It is 13 hours ahead of Greenwich mean time (GMT). The meridian 165 W serves as a reference. It has the same time as UTC-11, but the date is one day ahead. There's no land in the northern hemisphere which uses UTC+13. 

The following territories use UTC+13



Arese

Arese is a city in northern Italy. Arese is in the Lombardy Region. About 20,000 people live there.

In the 1960s, Arese has the headquarters of the automobile company Alfa Romeo. Today the factory is almost closed. The Alfa Romeo Museum is in the comune, which is the most important tourist attraction.

Caronno Pertusella

Caronno Pertusella is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cesate

Cesate is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Solaro, Lombardy

Solaro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy. About 14,000 people live there.

Ceriano Laghetto

Ceriano Laghetto is a "comune" in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Lombardy region in Italy.

It has two railway stations: Ceriano Laghetto-Solaro and Ceriano Laghetto-Groane.


Desio

Desio is an Italian city in Lombardy. Desio is in the Province of Monza and Brianza. About 40,000 people live there. It is known as the birthplace of Pope Pius XI.

Nerviano

Nerviano is an Italian city in Lombardy. About 17,100 people live there.

Curtea de Argeș

Curtea de Argeș is a municipality in Argeș County, Romania. In 2011, 27,359 people live in Curtea de Argeș.

Galați County

Galați is a county (județ) of Romania. It is in the Moldavia region. Its capital city is also named Galați.

Galați County has 2 municipalities, 2 towns and 61 communes:



Rorà

Rorà is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about 50 km southwest of Turin.

Rosta, Piedmont

Rosta is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Rubiana

Rubiana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Rueglio

Rueglio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Salassa

Salassa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Salbertrand

Salbertrand is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Exminster

Exminster is a village near Exeter in the county of Devon in South East England. It is famous for the Riverside area of Exminster Riverside and the historic area of Exmouth. Exminster is filled with lots of history and many tourists visit for the Kithling Castle.

Salza di Pinerolo

Salza di Pinerolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

San Benigno Canavese

San Benigno Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.


San Didero

San Didero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Kiryat Matlon

Kiryat Matlon is an old residential neighborhood in Petah Tikva. They have rural construction in the western part. There is a high-tech industrial area in the eastern part. The neighborhood is near the Geha intersection, south of the Jabotinsky axis, north of Givat Shmuel and the Kfar Ganim neighborhood, and west of Derech Rabin and the Neve Oz neighborhood.

Kiryat Matlon was established by the Matlon family who purchased the land from Baron Menashe. The Matlon family employed the Pinchas family to manage the orchard from the beginning of the 1930s to the end of the 1940s, also in this year private houses were built which were sold to any citizen who wished to live in Kiryat Matlon. The orchard that the Pinhas family managed had a private well that supplied water to the orchard and later, when the orchard was uprooted and private houses were built by the Matlon family, the well provided water to the residents of the neighborhood and to the house of the Pinhas family until the end of 1976, after which the ownership of the well was transferred to the Municipality of Pat along with the house that The Pinchas family lived there, which is still called "Beit HaBaer" to this day.

The opening of Em HaMoshavot Bridge led to great interest in living in the neighborhood and in the second decade of the 21st century, the reconstruction of detached houses began there.

The industrial area was named after the residential neighborhood in Petah Tikva that lies to the west of it. It was named after Moshe Matlon, who was one of its founders. Another name of the industrial area is "Ramat Siv", due to the number of fiber factories that were located there in the past. For the same reason, one of the main streets in the industrial area is called "HaSivim". The area was established in the second half of the 40s of the 20th century at the initiative of the Association of Industrialists in Israel .

The industrial zone covers an area of about 2,000 dunams and about 800 companies and businesses operate there. This industrial zone is the third in scope in Petah Tikva, after Kiryat Aryeh and Segulah.

Among the companies operating in Kiryat Matlon are AIG, Bezeq International, 012, ECI, Porsche Israel and Strauss Group, Teva. 

An entertainment complex has recently developed in Kiryat Matlon and many pubs, cafes and restaurants have opened there. The heart of the complex is in the east of the industrial area, in "Yachin Center", which is the center of a large number of cafes and restaurants. 

San Gillio

San Gillio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. The economy is mostly based on agriculture.

San Giorio di Susa

San Giorio di Susa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Seclin

Seclin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 12,463 people lived there.


Hamel, Nord

Hamel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 788 people lived there.


Hem, Nord

Hem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 18,636 people lived there.


Lannoy, Nord

Lannoy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,819 people lived there.


Liessies

Liessies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 537 people lived there.


Merris

Merris is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,011 people lived there.


Loon-Plage

Loon-Plage is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,085 people lived there.


Godewaersvelde

Godewaersvelde is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,086 people lived there.


Mons-en-Barœul

Mons-en-Barœul is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 21,277 people lived there.


Méteren

Méteren is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,307 people lived there.


Neuville-Saint-Rémy

Neuville-Saint-Rémy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,782 people lived there.


Neuvilly

Neuvilly is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,088 people lived there.


Pérenchies

Pérenchies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 8,542 people lived there.


Quiévy

Quiévy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,802 people lived there.


Sainte-Anastasie-sur-Issole

Sainte-Anastasie-sur-Issole is a commune of 2,048 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

John Ottman

John Ottman (born July 6, 1964) is an American movie composer.

Ottman was born in San Diego, California to Jewish parents.

Ottman stated composers like Jerry Goldsmith, John Williams and Danny Elfman as influences.


Rufous-eyed brook frog

The rufous-eyed brook frog ("Duellmanohyla rufioculis") is a frog. It lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 775 and 1580 meters above sea level.

Simeon bar Yochai

Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai was a Rabbi from the Talmud. 

It’s said that when Rabbi Yehudah praised the Roman Empire for building good things, Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai criticized the Romans saying that everything they did they only did to help themselves instead of the Jews while Rabbi Yossi said nothing. So the Romans exiled Rabbi Yossi, rewarded Rabbi Yehuda and sentenced Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai to death. 

To escape, Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai and his son went into exile and spent years in a cave learning Torah from Elijah. When it was safe for them to leave they left and when Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai saw Jewish farmers farming instead of studying Torah, he criticized them so the field caught on fire and a voice from heaven asked “Have you come out to destroy my world” and told Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai and his son to go back to the cave. They did. 

One year later, Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai and his son left the cave and after speaking to the other Jews, Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai praised them for how much they honoured the Sabbath. According to tradition, what Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai learned from Elijah eventually became the Zohar.

Dominic Hassler

Dominic Hassler (born March 30, 1981 in Lienz) is a former Austrian football player at the position of a striker.
Dominic Hassler began his career in his home town of Irschen in Carinthia at the local sports club. In 2000 he went to the first division club SV Austria Salzburg . His debut in the first team was in 2002, 2003 he scored his first goal for the Salzburg. In January 2004 he moved to Grazer AK, where he became Austrian champion and cup winner in 2004. In 2005 he went on loan to LASK in Linz for six months on loan.

After the GAK was forced to relegate to the Regionalliga Mitte (3rd division), Hassler left in 2007 and went to FC Gratkorn, where he was an all-rounder (midfield, central defense and attack). 

On January 14, 2009 he signed a two and a half year contract with Sturm Graz, with which he reached fourth place in the table in 2009. Hassler became Austrian football champion in the 2010/11 season. In the summer of 2011 he moved to FC Blau-Weiß Linz. For this he completed 21 league games he scored seven goals. In the 2012/13 season he was a member of the regional league team FC Gratkorn and then played three seasons for FC Frohnleiten in the Landesliga Steiermark from 2013 to 2016. He then moved two leagues deeper and made 38 league appearances and scored 24 goals in two seasons for SV Peggau. Today (2021) he is the sporting director of SV Peggau.

Laban

Laban was a person in the Book of Genesis whose name is Hebrew for white. 

Laban’s father Bethuel was the son of Nahor, who was a brother of Abraham. Laban and his father Bethuel arranged for Laban’s sister Rebecca to marry Isaac. Laban had two daughters Leah and Rachel. 

When Jacob asked Laban to let him marry Rachel, Laban had Jacob work for him as a shepherd for seven years and then tricked him into marrying Leah instead because Leah was the older sister. Laban then made Jacob work another seven years to marry Rachel. 

After that Laban hired Jacob as a shepherd and cheated him for the next six years. Then Jacob decided that he couldn’t continue working for Laban so he left Laban’s country with his wives Rachel, Leah, Bilhah and Zilpah and all their children and sheep but Jacob made sure not to take anything that belonged to Laban. But Rachel stole Laban’s idols and took them with her without telling Jacob. 

So Laban left to kill Jacob but then the Lord appeared to Laban in a dream and told him not to hurt Jacob. So Laban didn’t. To convince Laban that he didn’t do it, Jacob cursed the person who stole Laban’s idols to die. Then Laban looked in Rachel’s tent but she hid the idols so Laban and Jacob made peace.

Charles Mingus

Charles Mingus Jr. (April 22, 1922 – January 5, 1979) was an American jazz musician and writer. He helped to create improvisational jazz. People say he is one of the best jazz musicians and music writers to ever live. He played jazz music for over thirty years. He also played with other famous jazz musicians, such as Louis Armstrong, Herbie Hancock and Dizzy Gillespie.

Love Me Do

"Love Me Do" is a 1962 song by The Beatles and backed by B-side "P.S. I Love You". It was released in the United Kingdom in 1962 where it peaked at #17. It was released in the United States and peaked at #1 in the United States, Australia and New Zealand.

Extreme Ways

"Extreme Ways" is a 2002 song by Moby and is the second single from his sixth studio album "18". The track is notably used in all of Jason Bourne movie series and played at the conclusion the movies.



Spellbound (Siouxsie and the Banshees song)

"Spellbound" is a 1981 song by British gothic rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees and taken from their fourth studio album "Juju". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom and number 47 in New Zealand.



Song from the Edge of the World

"Song from the Edge of the World" is a 1987 stand-alone song by British gothic rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees. It went to number 59 in the United Kingdom and finally appeared on the 2002 reissue of their greatest hits album "The Best of Siouxsie and the Banshees".

Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle

Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle is a turn-based tactical title for the Nintendo Switch and a crossover between Nintendo's Mario series and Ubisoft's Rabbids series, being the first in the Mario + Rabbids series of games. It is the first tactics game in the Mario franchise, and it also incorporates some role-playing elements. The game sees Mario and his friends trying to restore order in the Mushroom Kingdom after Rabbids invade and fuse it with their own world using a powerful merging device. In overworld sections, the player takes control of Beep-0, a robotic assistant who guides characters in tow and can perform various actions to solve puzzles and find secrets. Throughout their journey, the heroes frequently engage in turn-based battles with enemy Rabbids during which they must complete objectives such as defeating a number of enemies or escorting a supporting character to a certain spot. Each character's abilities in battle can be customized and upgraded via a skill tree.

The game presents a single-player story mode, which involves the above, and a local co-operative mode with separate stages in which multiple human players can face off against enemy Rabbids. A Versus mode was added through an update, enabling players to battle each other locally. The game also offers paid add-on content with new weapons, challenges, and a story expansion focusing on Donkey Kong.

Ubisoft published the game for most territories (the Americas, EMEA, Oceania, Southeast Asia) in August 2017, whilst Nintendo themselves published the game for Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong, and Taiwan in January 2018, although Ubisoft would later re-publish the game digitally for Hong Kong in June 2018. Ubisoft's Chinese partner, Bihan Internet Technology, would eventually publish the game for mainland China in February 2022.

A sequel, Mario + Rabbids Sparks of Hope, was released on October 20, 2022 in most countries.

I Hate Myself for Loving You

"I Hate Myself for Loving You" is a 1988 song by Joan Jett and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Up Your Alley". It went to number 8 in New Zealand and the United States, number 9 in Paraguay and number 12 in Sweden.

Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (song)

"Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" is a 1976 song by AC/DC and is the title track to their third studio album "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap". It went to number 29 in Australia and number 34 in New Zealand.

In 1990, Joan Jett released a cover version of Dirty Deeds and taken from their seventh studio album "The Hit List". It charted at number 14 in New Zealand and also charted internationally.

Come Back and Stay

"Come Back and Stay" is a 1983 song by Paul Young and taken from his debut studio album "No Parlez". It topped the single charts in Belgium, Germany, New Zealand and Switzerland and also went to number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in Austria, Ireland and Norway, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in France and number 16 in Sweden.

Bethuel

In the Book of Genesis, Bethuel was the youngest son of Abraham’s brother Nahor and Nahor’s wife Milcah. Bethuel was also the father of Laban and Rebecca.

Canaan (son of Ham)

Canaan (son of Ham) was a person in the Book of Genesis who was a grandson of Noah. Canaan and his father Ham (son of Noah) sinned against Noah so Noah cursed Canaan’s descendants to be slaves to the descendants of Sem and Japheth. In the Bible, Canaan is the ancestor of the Canaanites.

Love of the Common People

"Love of the Common People" is a 1967 song by The Four Preps and was not a hit. It was covered by The Everly Brothers and Joe Dolan.

In 1982, Paul Young released a version and was taken from his debut studio album "No Parlez". In 1983 it went to number 1 in Belgium, the Netherlands and Ireland and number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in Austria and Switzerland, number 5 in Germany, number 8 in Australia and South Africa and number 10 in New Zealand.

NASCAR 98

NASCAR 98 is a racing simulator video game developed by Stormfront Studios, published by EA Sports. It was released in 1997 for Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn. This was the first game in the EA Sports NASCAR series.

Yellow Submarine (song)

"Yellow Submarine" is a 1966 song by the Beatles. It is from their seventh studio album "Revolver." It was issued as a double A-side single to "Eleanor Rigby". It was also used in the 1968 movie of the same name. It topped the single charts in Australia, Austria, Belgium, New Zealand, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Germany and the United Kingdom.

Need for Speed II

Need for Speed II is a racing video game released in 1997. It is a part of the "Need for Speed" series and is the second installment, following "The Need for Speed".

Super Mario Advance

Super Mario Advance (SMA) is a series of remasters of Mario games for Game Boy Advance.

Love Potion No. 9 (song)

"Love Potion No. 9" is a 1959 song by The Clovers and went to number 23 in the United States and was covered by The Searchers and The Coasters. It went to number 3 in the United States, number 4 in New Zealand and number 6 in Canada.

Sweet Caroline

"Sweet Caroline" is a 1969 song by Neil Diamond and was released as "Sweet Caroline (Good Times Never Seemed So Good)". It went to number 3 in Australia and Canada, number 4 in the United States, number 7 in South Africa, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Ireland and number 16 in the Netherlands.

Kirwee

Kirwee is a town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated west of Christchurch and north of Darfield on State Highway 73. It has a primary school and the historic pub burnt down on 25 December 2019.

Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock

Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock was an American hip hop duo that was based in Harlem, New York. The group was founded in 1985 by Robert Ginyard (Rob Base) and Rodney "Skip" Bryce (DJ E-Z Rock). 

Their first album, "It Takes Two" (1988), went to number 31 on the "Billboard" 200. It was certified platinum by the RIAA. The album featured the hit single "It Takes Two". The single also received a platinum certification. 

They released two more albums: the gold-certified "The Incredible Base" (1989) and "Break of Dawn" (1994).

The duo are credited as pioneers of the crossover success that rap music would bring to the mainstream of popular music.

Bryce died on April 27, 2014 at age 46 after a diabetic seizure.

Proof (rapper)

DeShaun Dupree Holton (October 2, 1973 – April 11, 2006), better known as Proof, was an American rapper. He was a member of the Detroit groups 5 Elementz, Funky Cowboys, Promatic, Goon Sqwad, and D12. He was also a close childhood friend of rapper Eminem.

Proof's first studio album, "I Miss the Hip Hop Shop", was released in 2004. His second album, "Searching for Jerry Garcia", was released a year later in 2005. It rose to number 65 on the Billboard 200.

On April 11, 2006, Holton was killed when three bullets hit his chest and head in Detroit while playing billiards. His alleged shooter is Mario Etheridge.

I'm So Excited (song)

"I'm So Excited" is a 1982 song by The Pointer Sisters and taken from their ninth studio album "So Excited!". It went to number 4 in Sweden, number 6 in Ireland, number 9 in Australia and the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 19 in the Netherlands, number 20 in Slovenia, number 21 in Canada, number 23 in Spain and Belgium and number 29 in New Zealand.

He's So Shy

"He's So Shy" is a 1980 song by The Pointer Sisters and taken from their seventh studio album "Special Things". It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 3 in the United States, number 11 in Australia, number 14 in Canada and the Netherlands and number 20 in Belgium.

Miguel Ángel Pesce

Miguel Ángel Pesce (born 20 September 1962) is an Argentine economist, currently serving as president of the Central Bank of Argentina in the Alberto Fernández administration, since 2019. Pesce previously served as vice president of the Central Bank from 2004 to 2015, during the successive presidencies of Néstor Kirchner and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.

Air Illinois Flight 710

Air Illinois Flight 710 was a scheduled passenger flight from Chicago to Carbondale, Illinois. On the night of October 11, 1983, the Hawker Siddeley HS 748 operating the flight crashed near Pinckneyville, Illinois. It was due to the flight crew's mismanagement of electrical generator and distribution problems. All 10 passengers and crew were killed in the accident.

Secret Agent Man (TV series)

Secret Agent Man is an American spy-fi television series that aired on UPN from 23 March to 13 August 1999. The series was created by writer Richard Regen.

Help! (song)

"Help!" is a 1965 song by The Beatles and is taken from their fifth studio album "Help!". It was used in the 1965 movie of the same name. It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States. It was covered by Bananarama in 1989.

WISE 1506+7027

WISEPC J150649.97+702736.0 is a brown dwarf star of the spectral class T6. It is located in the constellation Ursa Minor. The star is one of the Sun's nearest neighbors, at a distance of 16.85 light years. Brown dwarfs closer to the Sun include Luhman 16 and WISE 0855−0714. Other brown dwarfs that may be closer to the Sun includes the ε Indi star system at 11.8 light-years and WISE 0350-5658 at 17.7 light years.

Ximenia

Ximenia is an orange-reddish oval-shaped fruit with tastes that may vary from bitter to sweet. It is found in mainly found in the tropics, ranging from Africa, India and southeast Asia, to New Zealand, Pacific Islands, West Indies, Central, North and South America in woodlands and grasslands.

Hala fruit

The Hala Fruit, which comes from the plant Pandanus Tectorius is a large fruit. It is made up of many segments called keys or cones. It is found in Southeast Asia, Eastern Australia, the Pacific Islands and Hawaii. 

The Hala fruit has a delicate, sweet taste. It is similar to the paste made from the leaves. It is described looking like an "exploding planet". It is eaten fresh, boiled or ground into a paste, or squeezed into juice. The husk of the Hala Fruit is fibrous enough such that it can be turned into Dental floss. Besides Dental floss, the inner yellow neucleus-like part tastes like sweet juice of Sugarcane and Mango. It has the texture of thick Nectar which can be used to make Jam(s), desserts and Sauce.

Breido Graf zu Rantzau

Breido Graf zu Rantzau (25 October 1949 – 6 November 2022) was a German equestrian and sports administrator.

As an equestrian, Rantzau became European junior champion (individual) in 1967. As a senior he became German national champion (team) in 1986. He represented Germany three times at the FEI Nations Cup. He was an equestrian until the age of 60 years old.

Zu Rantzau was also successful as a breeder and bred over 60 competition horses, some with international success.

Zu Rantzau became vice-president of the World Breeding Federation for Sport Horses (WBFSH) in 1999. He was chairman of the Deutsches Olympiade-Komitee für Reiterei and German Equestrian Federation between 2005 and 2021. He became honorary president in 2021.

Rantzau died from cancer on 6 November 2022, at the age of 73.

Vitis vinifera

The Shine muscat, also known as Vitis vinifera, is part of a variety of grapes. It is grown in parts of South Korea and Japan. It carries a strong aroma and can be identified through its distinct mango-like taste. However, this fruit is expensive due to its sweet and enjoyable taste. Shine muscat can also be used to make Wine. Vitis vinifera is similar but not the same.

List of people from Louisiana

The following are notable people who were either born, raised, or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

























Greatest Hits (1998 Heart album)

Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by American hard rock band Heart and was released 25 August, 1998. It covers the songs from 1975 to 1983. It is followed up by "" in 2000.

Tempted (Squeeze song)

"Tempted" is a 1981 song by British band Squeeze and is the second single from their fourth studio album "East Side Story". It was only a moderate hit at the time of its release, however it has become their most famous singles and appearing in TV shows, video games, commercials and in the 1994 movie "Reality Bites" It went to number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 45 in Canada and number 49 in the United States.



List of people from Baton Rouge, Louisiana

This is a list of notable people who were born, raised, or lived in Baton Rouge, Louisiana at some point in their life.





Bon Jovi (album)

Bon Jovi is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and released on 23 January, 1984 through Mercury Records. It went to number 18 in Finland and New Zealand, number 24 in Spain, number 38 in Japan, number 39 in Australia and number 43 in the United States.

Lacaille 9352

Lacaille 9352 is a red dwarf star in the southern constellation of Piscis Austrinus. Having an apparent visual magnitude of 7.34, this star is too faint to be viewed with the naked eye except people with excellent seeing conditions. Parallax measurements shows that the star's distance is about 10.74 light-years from Earth. It is the 11th closest star system to the Solar System and is the closest star to Sun in the constellation Piscis Austrinus. The ChView simulation shows that its closest neighbour is the EZ Aquarii which is a triple star system at about 4.1 ly away from the star.

Jo Evelein

Jo Evelein also written as Jo Eveleyn (born 1890s) was a Dutch competitive swimmer, diver and water polo player. Evelein was active in the early 20th-century, in the early era of women's aquatics. She was a member of the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub (H.D.Z.) and the earliest Netherlands women's water polo team. Evelein initiated the women's water polo demonstration event at the 1920 Summer Olympics. She won the gold medal at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in the water polo event.

On of her first achievements was in July 1911 at the 25th anniversary competition of the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub (H.D.Z.). Together with A. E. van Laar and S. Soutberg she finished second and won art prizes in the 60 metres relay event.

In 1912 she competed at the 1912 Kleve international aquatics competitions in Kleve, Germany. The first time HDZ competed internationally. She won the second prize in the junior 60 metre event and the HDZ (likely including Evelein) won the water polo match.

At a national competition in January 1913 in Rotterdam she won the 40 metre breaststroke. From 1913, she also won at national level in water polo with her team, where she was for the team an important player. She also competed in diving, were she also became a winner in national competitions.

The London Ladies Waterpolo Club came to the Netherlands in 1914 for swimming and water polo competitions. This was the first time a British water polo team played in the Netherlands. Evelein was selected as goalkeeper in the water polo match against the British team. HDZ lost the match with 3-2.

In that era women's water polo was not an Olympic discipline, and wouldn't be until 2000. Evelein had taken the initiative that a water polo match was played at the 1920 Summer Olympics as an exhibition match and managed to raise the necessary money for it. In this Olympic demonstration event two Dutch teams played against each other in the same venue as the men's competition. Evelein was also one of the players herself. 

Evelein was the national record holder in the 200 metres freestyle. Her record was beaten by Maria Vierdag in June 1922.
Evelein was selected to compete at the 1922 Women's Olympiad, the earliest women's international swimming championships in Monte Carlo. She was selected for the 400 metre freestyle and Evelein was the a member of the earliest Netherlands women's national water polo team to play Water polo at the 1922 Women's Olympiad. She became with the team champion after winning the decisive match against the British team. They won with 6–0. Evelein scored one of the goals. In the 400 metre freestyle event she reached the final, but didn't win a medal.

Evelein was also a board member of H.D.Z.. She was elected in 1912 together with Anna Helweg and R. Frederiks, became the next year also a member of the water polo commission, and was re-elected in 1914, 1916, 1918, and 1920. She was a delegate to the Dutch Swimming Federation.

In June 1924 she emigrated to Canada with the "". At her goodbye she received from the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub a honorary golden pin for all her services.


Cool for Cats (song)

"Cool for Cats" is a 1979 song by British band Squeeze and is the title track from their second studio album "Cool for Cats". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Australia, number 11 in New Zealand and number 33 in the Netherlands.


1992 UK Re-issue<br>


Up the Junction (song)

"Up the Junction" is a 1979 song by British band Squeeze and is the third single from their second studio album "Cool for Cats". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom. It was based on the 1963 short story of the same name by Nell Dunn.


Franz Kline

Franz Kline (May 23, 1910 – May 13, 1962) was an American painter. He was a leading name in the field of abstract expressionism.

Laksmi De-Neefe Suardana

Laksmi Shari De-Neefe Suardana (born January 29, 1996) is an Indonesian-Australian model, fashion designer, UNICEF activist, literacy book writer, and beauty pageant titleholder. She was crowned . She is the co-founder of the , the largest literacy festival in Southeast Asia. She will represent Indonesia at .

HD 210271

HD 210271 is a blue subgiant variable star with an apparent magnitude of 5.37 and a spectral type A5IV. The star is located in the constellation of Piscis Austrinus.

It is located 212 light-years away from the Earth.

Cindy May McGuire

Cindy May McGuire ( , ; born June 27, 1996) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned . She will represent Indonesia in the .

La Garita Caldera

La Garita Caldera is a large supervolcanic caldera in the San Juan Mountains. It is near the town of Creede in southwestern Colorado, United States. 

The volcanic eruption is one of the largest known in Earth's history and one of the most powerful known supervolcanic events. This eruption had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 8, the highest on the scale.

All mountains and calderas on the West coast of the Americas have the same root cause: they are all a product of the western move of the Americas, which has been going on for millions of years. That is basically why the Americas have mountains in the West, and lowlands in the East.

Suit (album)

Suit is one of the two albums (along with Sweat) released in November 2004 by rapper Nelly. It debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 and was nominated for a Grammy. The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The singles were "My Place," "Over and Over" and "'N' Dey Say".

Grammis

The Grammis are music awards given out every year in Sweden. They are the oldest Swedish music awards. They were made as a Swedish version of the Grammy Awards. The Grammis started being given out in 1969. They were cancelled in 1972, but came back in 1987.

There are about 20 kinds of awards given out for different types of music. Swedish musicians and musicians who live in Sweden can get an award. Musicians from other countires can also get awards if they make their music in Sweden, and the music is for Swedish people.

There are 21 different awards. There are also 2 special awards.


Oricon Albums Chart

The Oricon Albums Chart is a Japanese music chart for albums. Albums on the chart are ranked by the number of copies they have sold. The chart is made by Oricon. The Oricon Albums Chart started including downloaded album copies in 2016. In November 2018, Oricon also started including streamed albums.

The charts are released every Tuesday. There are different charts for the most popular albums of every day, week, month, and year.

These are the albums that have sold the most copies on the Oricon Albums Chart.

Caso

Caso may refer to:


1796 United States presidential election

The 1796 presidential election was between Federalist John Adams and Democratic-Republican Thomas Jefferson. It was the first election where there was competition for the presidency. Adams and Jefferson became political enemies. However, because it used to be that the second place person would be vice president, it caused Jefferson to awkwardly be Adams' vice president for four years. It would be the reason why the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed later.

George Washington was president during this election, and everyone liked him. However, he said no to running for a third term. This would become a tradition where every president would only serve two terms, known as the "two-term tradition". After it was broken by Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1940, it became a Constitutional amendment. The two political parties, the Democratic-Republican Party and the Federalist Party, all had people who wanted to be president. However, the two most popular people were John Adams, a Federalist who was the vice president, and Thomas Jefferson, a Democratic-Republican, who was the Secretary of State.

John Adams ended up winning, getting 71 electoral votes. This made him the new president. Thomas Jefferson became vice president, getting 68 electoral votes. For the next four years, the bitter enemies had to work side-by-side. In a speech by George Washington, he urged people to not resort to political parties as they would just divide people. This election would lead to the election of 1800 that was also called the "Revolution of 1800".

James Rainwater

Leo James Rainwater (December 9, 1917 – May 31, 1986) was an American physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1975 for his part in determining the asymmetrical shapes of certain atomic nuclei.

Michael Price (writer)

Michael Price (born October 22, 1958) is an American writer and producer. He is best known for his Emmy and Writers Guild award-winning work on "The Simpsons".

Price is a writer and co-executive producer of the ABC series "Teacher's Pet". He served as a script consultant on "The Simpsons Movie" and wrote the King of the Hill 26 episodes and story consultant for Total Dramarama 104 episodes.

He grew up in South Plainfield, New Jersey. He attended Montclair State University, where he earned a B.A. degree in Theatre Arts, and Tulane University, where he earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in directing for the theatre.

Simple cuboidal epithelium

Simple cuboidal epithelium is a type of epithelium tissue. Like other types of epithelium, it is a tissue that covers a surface. It consists of only one layer of cube-like cells, which have large, spherical and central nuclei. Simple cuboidal epithelium is found on the surface of ovaries, the lining of nephrons, the walls of the renal tubules, parts of the eye and thyroid, and in salivary glands. On these surfaces, the cells perform secretion and filtration. These cells provide protection and may be active (pumping material in or out of the lumen) or passive, depending on the location and the purpose of the cells.

Sierra Juarez brook frog

The Sierra Juarez brook frog ("Duellmanohyla ignicolor") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 680 and 1850 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 26.3 - 30.0 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is green in color and the belly is whitish in color. Parts of the legs and toes are bright red. The iris of the eye is gold in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Human beings change the places where the frog lives to build towns. Humans cut down trees for wood to use. Even small changes can hurt this frog.

Seyid Riza

Seyid Riza was a Zaza political leader of the Zaza Kurds of Dersim, a religious figure of Sufi Islam. He was also the leader of the Dersim movement in eastern Turkey during the 1937–1938 Dersim Rebellion against the Turkish government of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. He declared a rebellion against the Turkish government after Nowruz festivities.

Los Comitanos

Los Comitanos, also known as El Comité, is a literary group made up of writers who collaborate with the magazine "El Comité 1973". The group's motto is: "create and disseminate literary texts with the purpose of increasing the culture of people around the world ". The name Los Comitanos, comes from the publication in which the members of the group collaborate, and refers to an editorial committee.

On July 30, 2012, the first edition of "El Comité 1973" was published after its foundation by Meneses Monroy. Since then, a growing number of artists have joined the group that publishes this publication. Among them are Guadalupe Flores Liera, Claudia Hernández de Valle Arizpe, Daniel Olivares Viniegra. Visual artists such as Almendra Vergara and Elsa Madrigal are also represented in the group.

Entry (The Encyclopedia of Literature in Mexico)

Jake Blackmore

Joseph Henry "Jake" Blackmore (10 March 1883 - 26 March 1964) was an international rugby forward who played rugby union for Abertillery and rugby league with Hull Kingston Rovers.

She Loves You

"She Loves You" is a 1963 song by The Beatles and taken from their second studio album "With the Beatles". It topped the single charts in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Denmark and Sweden. It went to number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in Australia, number 4 in Finland and Italy and number 7 in Germany and the Netherlands.

Manchild (song)

"Manchild" is a 1989 song by Swedish singer Neneh Cherry and is the second single from her debut studio album "Raw Like Sushi". It went to number 2 in Germany, number 3 in the Netherlands, number 4 in New Zealand and Switzerland, number 5 in the United Kingdom and Denmark, number 6 in Austria, number 7 in Sweden and number 10 in Belgium. It was not released in the United States and Canada.





Screaming for Vengeance

Screaming for Vengeance is the eighth studio album by English heavy metal band Judas Priest. It was released in July 1982 by Columbia Records, the band's record label. The album is certified double platinum in the United States. "Screaming for Vengeance" has the song "You've Got Another Thing Comin'", which is one of Judas Priest's most popular songs.

MACS J1149 Lensed Star 1

MACS J1149 Lensed Star 1, also known as Icarus, is a blue supergiant star observed through a gravitational lens that might be 193.4 times the radius of the Sun. It is the second most distant individual star to have been detected so far (second only to WHL0137-LS, also known as Earendel, as of March 2022), at about 14 billion light-years from Earth (redshift z=1.49; comoving distance of 14.4 billion light-years; Cosmic time of 9.34 billion years). Light from the star was emitted 4.4 billion years after the Big Bang. According to co-discoverer Patrick Kelly, the star is at least a hundred times more distant than the next-farthest non-supernova star observed, SDSS J1229+1122, and is the first magnified individual star seen.

Olivia Travel

Olivia Travel is an American travel company. It sells travel tours to lesbian clients. It was founded in 1973 as the women's record label Olivia Records. In 1990 it offered its first women-only cruise. Olivia takes its name from the main heroine of the novel Dorothy Bassey, who fell in love with her headmistress.

The company attracted attention thanks to the support of lesbian famous people such as golfer Rosie Jones, tennis player Martina Navratilova and basketball player Cheryl Swoopes. Artists who have performed on Olivia cruises include the Indigo Girls and Margaret Cho.

2002–03 Austrian Cup

The 2002–03 Austrian Cup was the 69th season of the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. Grazer AK were the defending champions. 

Dyninno Group

Dyninno Group is a global technology company. It works in the travel, fintech, and entertainment sectors. It was founded in San Francisco, United States, in 2004.

As of 2022, Dyninno Group employs more than 3,900 people in the US, the UK, Canada, India, Colombia, Latvia, Moldova, Romania, Egypt, and the Philippines. 

Dyninno Group was founded in 2004 by Alex Weinstein, an American immigrant from Moldova, who worked in 1990s in the travel industry in California and founded asaptickets.com airline tickets service in 2002.

In 2017, the company started lending services in Romania and Moldova: CreditPrime, CreditPlus.

In 2013, Dyninno Travel started operations in Cebu City, Philippines.

In 2016, a subdivision for Dyninno Group, was opened in Riga, Latvia. 

Johanna Triebels-Koen

Johanna Elisabeth Triebels-Koen (1865 – 3 June 1955) was a Dutch swimming feminist and figurehead of Dutch swimming. She was the founder and president of the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub, the first women's swimming club in the Netherlands. She became known as the "swimming mother".

In 1886 Triebels-Koen founded the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub (HDZ), the first swimming club for women in the Netherlands. She was until a late age president of the club. She was able that the club grew out to a leading swimming club. She made it possible for women participate in the swimming disciplines that was taken seriously within the world of Dutch swimming. For instance the club already started competing internationally in 1912 at the 1912 Kleve international aquatics competitions. The first time a British water polo team played in the Netherlands was against HDZ in 1914. In this match Triebels-Koen was the referee. Several members of the club won international medals, including Jo Evelein and Loes Brandt at the 1922 Women's Olympiad.

Triebels-Koen was not only interested in the competitive side of swimming, but also in safety. In that era, many Dutch people could not swim and women could not swim at all. In 1889, the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub started promoting swimming by offering free lessons to (underprivileged) women and girls. In the 1930s her swimming lessons became known undr the slogan ""Elke Nederlander Zwemmer"" (translated: "Every Dutch swimmer"). In July 1914 Anna Helweg saved a 21-year old maid from drowning in the in Gorredijk, while male bystanders who couldn't swim did't dare to jump into the water.
In 1929 she became treasurer of the swimming federation. She hold that position for nineteen years. Triebels-Koen was also a promotor of the second women's swimming club in the Netherlands (A.D.Z.).

The "Mother Triebels Cup", a cup that could be won at annual HDZ swimming competitions, is named after her. In 1935 Triebels-Koen became Knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau for her work. She became also an honorary member of the Dutch national swimming federation (KNZB).

Triebels-Koen died after a long illness in The Hague on 3 June 1955, aged 89. She was commemorated with all swimming competitions being interrupted and the federation president giving a speech. She was cremated at Westerveld.

Hein van Nievelt

Hein van Nievelt (2 July 1942 – 5 November 2022) was a Dutch television presenter, director and contributing editor who was active between 1969 and 1999. Besides being a news announcer for the TROS, he presented television programs including: "Kieskeurig", "TROS Aktua" and "Voetbal plus".

Van Nievelt was born at a Japanese-run internment camp during World War II in Jakarta, Dutch East Indies in 1942.

After working for some years at the Wereldomroep as a radio producer, Van Nievelt moved to the TROS in the early 1970s. At TROS he worked also radio programs including "TROS Aktua" (radio), TROS Sport and "Toerja Toernee". Afterwards he started working for the television. He became a member of "TROS Aktua" (television) and stopped working for the radio. In TROS Sport he had a programm about rally sport and at "Kieskeurig" he also presented car related topics. Later he became editor of "2-Vandaag" and director of the television program "Spreekuur".

Van Nievelt died on 5 November 2022 at the age of 80 years.

FC Kärnten

FC Kärnten was an Austrian association football club. The club played in Klagenfurt, Carinthia. It was founded in 1920 under the name of KSK Klagenfurt.

FC Kärnten played successfully in the "Kärntner Liga". In 1960 they were promoted to the Austrian Regional League. They won the 1961–62 championship and were promoted to the Austrian Football Bundesliga "(Liga A)". In 1989 they were finally relegated from the Bundesliga. In the 1992–93 season the club was relegated to the Kärntner Liga.

Though FC Kärnten again gained the promotion to the Regional League Central in 1996 it was the aim that the Carinthian Clubs work together in order to send a team to the Bundesliga. It led to a cooperation of SK Austria and Villacher SV. In 1997, the clubs changed their name to FC Austria/VSV and were promoted to the First League. In 1999 the clubs merged under the name FC Kärnten.

Under manager Walter Schachner in 2001, the team won the Austrian Cup, the Supercup and became champions of the First League and were promoted to the Bundesliga. The club again reached the finals of the Austrian Cup and the Supercup in 2003, which they both lost to FK Austria Wien. FC Kärnten played in the Bundesliga for three years until relegation in 2004. The club was under the honorary presidency of Carinthias Governor Jörg Haider

Their decline after the resignation of Jörg Haider in 2006 and the foundation of rival club SK Austria Kärnten in June 2007. Kärnten held the Bundesliga licence of the defunct ASKÖ Pasching. The team had to leave their stadium, the present-day Hypo-Arena and went back to the small Fischl ground. At the end of the 2007–08 season, FC Kärnten was relegated into the Regional League and several players left the club. On 21 January 2009 the club ceased operations. The team's tradition is continued by the SK Austria Klagenfurt football club who was founded in 2007.





Tiger parenting

Tiger parenting is a form of strict authoritarian parenting, whereby parents are highly invested in ensuring their children's success. Specifically, tiger parents push their children to attain high levels of academic achievement or success in high-status extracurricular activities such as music or sports.

The term "tiger mother" ("tiger mom") was coined by Yale Law School professor Amy Chua in her 2011 memoir Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother.

Tiger parenting is common in many Asian countries, such as Malaysia. It can be refered to as violent parenting, where a child is being subject to harsh physical punishment, which is considered to be called child abuse outside Asia.

In extreme cases, harming of parents may occur like Sef Gonzales and Jennifer Pan, but in some cases, when dealing with autistic children, tiger parenting may be bolstered by the likes of Kiwi Farms and Something Awful.

1912 Kleve international aquatics competitions

The 1912 Kleve international aquatics competitions took place on Sunday 1 September 1912 at Hallenbad Kleve in Kleve, Germany. The competitions were organized by the Schwimm-Sport Club Kleve. Swimming, diving and water polo competitions were held for men and women.

There were a total of 170 entrants, from 26 different swimming clubs.

As good as all swimmers from West-Germany, Maagdenburg and Berlin registered. From the Netherlands nine female swimmers and water polo players from the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub of Amsterdam entered. It was the first time that Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub competed internationally.

For the men's diving event, the German 1912 Olympic Champion Paul Günther entered. Minnes entered for the 200 metre event and 400 metre event.

In general, the German women were better than the Dutch women, especially in the diving event. The best Dutch swimming achievements were the second place in the 4x 40m relay race and the first, second and fourth place in the junior 60 metre event. These prizes in the 60 metres were won by A. E. van Laar, Jo Evelein and A. van Laar.

The women's water polo match was played between a mix of players from West-Germany against the Dutch Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub. The Dutch women were well practiced ahead of the match in Amsterdam by A. Kloppenburg. The match was easily won by the Dutch ladies. The referee of the match was criticized. He did not have an easy job during the match due to rough play but also because Germany was not familiar with the rules. The halftime score was 2-0. In the second half the Dutch women scored another two times. One of the German women scored while standing on the ground two meters in front of the goal, throwing with two hands. However, the goal was approved by the referee. Before the end of the game, the German goalkeeper scored an own goal, but this goal was not awarded to the Netherlands. So the official result of the match was 4-1.


Tom Parker Bowles

Thomas Henry Charles Parker Bowles (/boʊlz/; born 18 December 1974) is a British food writer and food critic.

Parker Bowles is the author of seven cookbooks and won the Food Writers Guild Award in 2010 for his work on British food.

He is known for being a judge on numerous TV food series and reviewing UK and overseas restaurant dining for GQ, Esquire and The Mail on Sundays.

He is the sibling of Laura Lopes, son of Andrew Parker Bowles and Camilla, Queen Consort and godchild and stepchild of King Charles III.

Ibadat Khana

The Ibādat Khāna (House of Worship) was a meeting house built in 1575 CE by the Mughal Emperor Akbar (r. 1556–1605) at Fatehpur Sikri to gather spiritual leaders of different religious grounds so as to conduct a discussion on the teachings of the respective religious leaders.

Jan Vermaat

Jan Jacob Vermaat (21 May 1939 – 7 November 2022) was a Dutch sculptor and draughtsman from Woerden.

His significance for the development of art and culture in Woerden has been described as 'great'. For about fifteen years he took part in international sculptor symposia where he won several prizes. His works is in public areas in the Netherlands, France, Italy, Portugal and the United States. In the Netherlands, statues of him can be found in: schools, villas, public buildings and public gardens.

While working in Canada, Vermaat made a small change to the official design of the Maple Leaf in the flag of Canada.

Vermaat was born in Maasland as the eighth and last child of a tailor. His father started working at the Defense clothing depot, which is located in Woerden Castle. When he is three months old, the family starting living at the "Kruittorenweg" in Woerden. Initially he went to the Wilhelmina School, and later to the Emma School. Especially at the Emma school he started to express his sense of art. After primary school, Vermaat followed an evening study at the Academy of Fine Arts in Utrecht, a training institute that was called at the time. During his studies he worked for the Utrecht University, where he made technical drawings of archaeological history.
In 1964 he moved temporary to Toronto, Canada. One of his older sisters lived there for some time. Vermaat started working for Dominion Regalia
Ltd., a company that designed clothing and flags. In that period the flag of Canada had to be adjusted a bit by the government, because the old flag of Canada was related to the British flag. The company he worked for got the contract to carry it out. In the official design Vermaat ajusted the Maple Leaf a bit. He made the straight stem a bit wider near the bottom. He did it because he "liked it better". He never heard anything back about his adjustment, but it was adopted in the official Canadian flag.

He later worked for the Royal Ontario Museum as a decorator, and in his spare time he learted stained glass techniques.

In 1966 he moved back to Woerden, and gets a studio from the municipality. In 1969 he met his future wife Tonny Rasing and they moved to "Rijnkade" 38-I. They had three children, two sons and a daughter. In the period 1972-1985, Vermaat worked as a creative therapist at the General Hospital on the "Meeuwenlaan" in Woerden.

In 1988 Vermaat received a grant from the Boellaard Fund for a sculpting course in Portugal. The sculpture he made in Portugal were exhibited at the International Sculptor Symposium in Lisbon. It turned out to be the first in a series of international exhibitions.

In 1997 and 2007 Vermaat was the initiator of an international sculptor symposium. Ten European sculptors worked on a series of sculptures that are placed in the public area in Woerden ("Van Kempensingel"). Vermaat participated in this symposium outside of competition, and the sculpture he made are in the public area in Woerden (Weddesteyn nursing home). In 1997 he received the Woerden Culture Prize for his efforts.

Woerden has a special 'Vermaat walk'. A walking route along ten statues of Vermaat. In 2021 a biography about Jan Vermaat was published with his entire oeuvre.

Vermaat died on 7 November 2022, aged 83.

Will Ferdy

Werner Ferdinande known as Will Ferdy (9 March 1927 – 8 November 2022) was a Belgian singer. He became known with the songs "Christine", "Belijdenis", "De stervende", ' en ', based on the poet with the same name of Guido Gezelle. He was an figurehead within the gay community, because he was the first Flemish singer to come out. He received the Gay Krant award in 2006.

Ferdy had parkinson's disease. He died in Antwerp on 8 November 2022, at the age of 95.

Chamula mountain brook frog

The Chamula mountain brook frog ("Duellmanohyla chamulae") is a frog. It lives in Mexico, in the Central Highlands. Scientists have only seen it more than 1600 meters above sea level.

Ratt

Ratt is an American glam metal band. It was made in San Diego, California. The band is best known for the songs "Round and Round" and "Lay It Down", which were on the "Billboard" Hot 100 music chart. Many of their albums have been given certifications by the RIAA. The most popular members of the band are singer Stephen Pearcy, guitarist Robbin Crosby, guitarist Warren DeMartini, bassist Juan Croucier, and drummer Bobby Blotzer.

Ratt is known for being one of the bands that helped make metal popular in Los Angeles in the early 1980s. They released their last album, "Infestation", in 2010.



Yo Gotti

Mario Sentell Giden Mims (born May 19, 1981 in Memphis, Tennessee), better known by his stage name Yo Gotti, is an American rapper, songwriter, and record executive. He founded the record label Collective Music Group. The label's current president is Yo Gotti's cousin, Brandon Mims. The label includes artists Blac Youngsta, BlocBoy JB, Moneybagg Yo, 42 Dugg, EST Gee, Mozzy, and others.

Yo Gotti released 11 studio albums:

Devika Rani

Devika Rani Choudhuri (30 March 1908 – 9 March 1994), usually known as Devika Rani, was an Indian actress. She was active in Hindi movies during the 1930s and 1940s. Widely known as the first lady of Indian cinema, Devika Rani had a successful movie career for 10 years.

Max von Gallwitz

Max Karl Wilhelm von Gallwitz (2 May 1852 – 18 April 1937) was a German general from Breslau (Wrocław), Silesia. He served during World War I.

Eduardo de Pedro

Eduardo Enrique "Wado" de Pedro (born 11 November 1976) is an Argentine lawyer and Justicialist Party politician currently serving as the country's Minister of the Interior.

Chaosphere

Chaosphere is the third album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released on November 9 1998 by Nuclear Blast, the band's record label. It is the band's only album with bassist Gustaf Hielm. The band made a music video for the song "New Millenium Cyanide Christ".

Mårten Hagström

Mårten Hagström (born 27 April 1971) is a Swedish guitarist. He plays for Meshuggah, an extreme metal band. He joined the band after they released their first album. Hagström was called one of the 100 best guitarists of all time by "Guitar World". Hagström has said that the way he plays guitar is inspired by bands such as Rush, Strapping Young Lad, and Metallica.

Blazing Dragons

Blazing Dragons is a 1996-98 Canadian/French animated television series Co-Produced by Canadian studio Nelvana Limited and French animation studio Ellipse Animation. And Produced With the Participation of Teletoon and M6

Seyrani Monument

The Seyrani Monument is a sculpture of Turkish folk poet Seyrani (1800–1866) in Develi, a town in Kayseri Province of Turkey. Seyrani is from Develi. The mayor of Develi asked the sculptor Gürdal Duyar to make it. The sculpture was finished in 1976. Then the monument became a symbol of Develi.

In Turkish the monument is called: . A translation of this is Ashik Seyrani monument. The monument is a sculpture of Âşık Seyrani (1800–1866), a Turkish folk poet. In the sculpture he is holding a Bağlama, which is a stringed instrument. The sculpture is high. The sculpture weighs .

When Haşim Nezihi was the principal of the middle school he received a letter from students asking for a sculpture of Seyrani to be made and put in the town. In the letter it also said that a sum of money was collected to make the sculpture. The organisation: "Develi Seyranî Public Library and Monument Building Development Association" was created in the 1970s. The organisation had a goal make a monument of Seyrani in the middle of Develi. The organisation was symbolic, they did not even start to make the monument. No one did anything to make the monument until 1976. On February 14 of 1976, the leaders of Develi talked with the sculptor Gürdal Duyar and they made some plans together. The Mayor of develi at that time, whos name is, Mehmet Özdemir, officially asked Duyar to make the sculpture. The sculpture was finished on 4 April 1976 and it was placed in public on 30 April 1976 in a park in front of the Develi "Çarşı Mosque." The name of the park was the "Cumhuriyet Square" of Develi. The money it cost to make the sculpture was 55,000 Lira.

In 1983 a base was added to the sculpture. On the base there is text. This written text includes the name of Seyrani, the birth and death date of Seyrani, and some words from the poems of Seyrani.
Years later the mosque was renovated and the sculpture was moved to the old market square of Develi. It would go on to become a symbol of the Develi district. Today the sculpture is on a square which is called the "Aşık Seyrani Square".

A couple years ago the sculpture was renovated again. The sculpture was put onto a new marble base. Poems of Seyrani are written on this base. The renovations were finished by June 2018.


Ever Anderson

Ever Gabo Anderson (born November 3, 2007) is a Canadian actress and model. She is known for portraying a young "Alicia Marcus / Red Queen" in the 2016 film Resident Evil: The Final Chapter, a young "Natasha Romanoff" in the 2021 film "Black Widow and "Wendy Darling" in the 2023 film Peter Pan and Wendy".

Anderson was born & raised in Toronto, Canada, and she's the daughter of Soviet-born actress Milla Jovovich and English director Paul W.S Anderson. She has two younger sisters Dashiel, and Osian. She is of Russian, Montenegrin and Serbian descent through her mother. She is of English descent through her father.

Anderson's parents tried to discourage her entering into acting but she could not be dissuaded. At age nine, she was on the cover of "Vogue Bambini", photographed by Ellen von Unwerth. Anderson has also been photographed by Karl Lagerfeld, Mikael Jansson, and Peter Lindbergh.

Her first feature film appearance was in "" (2016), directed by her father. In it, she played a younger Alicia Marcus, who is played by her mother as an adult.

In March 2020, it was revealed that Anderson would play a younger version of Natasha Romanoff in the 2021 Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) film "Black Widow", and Wendy Darling in the 2023 film "Peter Pan & Wendy".

Anderson practices taekwondo. She lives in the neighborhoods of Hollywood Hills, Los Angeles, California.

In Additional, her native language is English, she can speaks Russian, Japanese and French.

Precision Air Flight 494

Precision Air Flight 494 (PW494) was a Tanzanian domestic Precision Air passenger flight. It was scheduled from Julius Nyerere International Airport in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania to Bukoba Airport in the city of Bukoba. On 6 November 2022, The ATR 42-500 carrying 39 passengers and 4 crew members crashed into Lake Victoria. This happened while attempting to land at Bukoba in poor visibility and bad weather. This killed at least 19 on board.

Flight 494 took off from Dar es Salaam to Bukoba via Mwanza. The plane crashed into Lake Victoria while trying to land in Bukoba. Photos and videos circulating on social media show the plane almost completely submerged, with only the tail visible above the waterline. Of the 43 people on board, 19 were killed.


Boarding house

A boarding house or rooming house is a house in which unrelated people can rent bedrooms. Boarding houses differ from bed and breakfast hotels in that the rooms of boarding houses typically rent for longer periods of time than in a B&B. Rooming house residents share kitchen, dining and living room facilities and may share bathrooms or have private en-suite bathrooms.

Chigi Palace

The Palazzo Chigi ( ) is a historic palace located in the center of Rome, Italy, Since 1961, it has been the seat of the Italian Government and the residence of the Prime Minister of Italy.

Papillon (movie)

Papillon is a film based on the book by the French convict Henri Charriere about his time in the Devil's Island penal colony

Cattle Decapitation

Cattle Decapitation is an American grindcore band. They were formed in San Diego, California, in 1996. The band's current members are singer Travis Ryan, guitarists Josh Elmore and Belisario Dimuzio, bassist Olivier Pinard, and drummer David McGraw. Cattle Decapitation has released seven albums. Their newest album is "Death Atlas", which came out in 2019.

Cattle Decapitation's music is known for being about animal abuse and environmentalism. The band's members are all vegan or vegetarian.


Don Bolduc

Donald C. Bolduc (born May 8, 1962) is an American politician and retired United States Army brigadier general. He was the Republican nominee for the United States Senate in the 2022 election, but lost to incumbent Democrat Maggie Hassan. Bolduc was also a Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in 2020 but did not win the primary. 

Bunkhouse

A bunkhouse is a simple building, often with only one or two rooms for lodging relatively large numbers of people, usually sleeping in cots or bunk beds lined up in rows. Bunkhouses are frequently used in camp settings like military bases, labour camps, certain remote ranches, childrens summer camps, and hostels. Each room in a bunkhouse sleeps at least four people.

Sam Strike

Samuel Harry Strike (born 18 January 1994) is an English actor.

Amita Suman

Amita Suman is a Nepal–born British actress. She is well known as Inej Ghafa in the Netflix series "Shadow and Bone".

Woody plant encroachment

Woody plant encroachment is when bushes, shrubs and woody plants grow more and take over an area where there used to be grass and other plants. It happens mostly in grasslands, savannas and woodlands and can change the area from being open to being closed. The causes of this include things like people using the land too much, not having fires, and climate change. It can be bad for nature and for people who use the land. Some countries try to stop this by doing things like cutting down some of the bushes, using fire and managing the land. Sometimes, this type of land is good for the climate because it can take in carbon. But, it is not always good and more research is needed to understand the effects on the climate.

It is different from invasive species which are plants that are brought from other places.

Woody encroachment probably started thousands of years ago, when Earth started warming, but it has happened much faster during the last 50 years. There are different possible reasons for woody encroachment, some directly linked to the action of people, others linked to climate change. The reasons for woody encroachment are very different between dry grasslands and wet grasslands. Once the bushes and shrubs have grown and taken over an area, they make it harder for grass to grow. This makes the problem of woody encroachment continue.

When people abandon land, that means when they stop using the land for agriculture, bushes often start growing. This happens for example in the Alps in Southern Europe, because more and more people leave their farms and move to cities.

Also when people use land very intensively, bush encroachment can happen. For example when farmers bring many cows to areas where wild animals lived before, these cows eat up most of the grass quickly, but do not touch the bushes. The result is that bushes occupy more and more of the land, while grasses start to disappear. Once woody encroachment has started, it is hard to stop it, even when the number of cows is made less.

While changes in how people use the land is often seen as the main reason for woody encroachment, some studies suggest that global factors like climate change and rainfall patterns also play a role. Climate change can make it easier for bushes and shrubs to grow because of things like more CO in the air and changes in temperature and rainfall. Once the bushes and shrubs are established, they can make it harder for grass to grow and the problem of woody encroachment can continue. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, high latitude tundra and boreal forests are particularly at risk of woody encroachment due to climate change.

Woody encroachment is a big change for nature in areas where it happens. Often, the encroachment is seen as harmful to nature. It can make the number of different plant species less, it allows less water to go into the ground and animals have less to eat. For that reason woody encroachment is often called a form or land degradation. But this is not always the case, encroachment can also lead to good changes in nature. That is why one must study woody encroachment in each area where it happens, before making conclusions.

How woody encroachment changes nature depends on different things:


Many scientists see woody encroachment as a form of land degradation and think it can even lead to the creation of new deserts. Because bushes make nature look more green, the encroachment is sometimes called "green desertification".

Woody encroachment can have negative effects on the variety of plants and animals in that area (biodiversity). In Africa, the number of different plants and animals usually decreases when woody encroachment happens. In North America, the number of different plants and animals may increase or decrease depending on the area. In Brazil, one third of the different plant species are lost because of woody encroachment.
The following list shows what species are affected by woody encroachment:

Metre (disambiguation)

Metre or meter is a unit of measurement of length in the metric system.

Metre or meter could also mean:






Gary Fleder

Gary Fleder is an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He is known for the movie "Homefront," released by Open Road Films and Millennium Films in November 2013.



Will van Sambeek

Petrus Wilhelmus Maria "Will" van Sambeek (21 August 1935 – 3 November 2022) was a Dutch graphic designer.

Van Sambeek started his own design agency with Shigeru Watano and worked on many different assignments, including designing: advertising campaigns, corporate identity, books, magazines and newspapers. In 1968, 1972 and 1982 he designed series of stamps for the PTT Post. He later created a new disign of among others the Holland America Line, Tropenmuseum (1970s), Bijenkorf and the christmas edition of "Grafisch Nederland". He also made a new design for newspapers, including "Friesch Dagblad" the Saturday supplement of "NRC Handelsblad" and "De Volkskrant". In 2005 he quit his design agency.

Works of Van Sambeek is in the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam and the International Center for Typography in New York City. Sambeek received in 1955 the St. Joost Prize from the city of Breda. In 1967 he was awarded the H.N. Werkman Award, a typography prize from the city of Amsterdam.

Sambeek was teacher at the Royal Academy of Arts and Design in Den Bosch and the Gerrit Rietveld Academie in Amsterdam. Van Sambeek died in Amsterdam on 3 November 2022, aged 87.

Sjoerd Bijlsma

Sjoerd Albert Bijlsma (17 March 1920 – 2 November 1984) was a Dutch graphic designer.

Bijlsma studied at the Koninklijke Teken Academie in 's Hertogenbosch the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp and at the Vrije Academie voor Beeldende Kunsten in The Hague. He became a teacher at the Vrije Academie voor Beeldende Kunsten in The Hague.

Bijlsma was the designer of the corporate identity of among others and the "Nebi" concrete factory. He was chairman of the International Council of Design congres in Eindhoven. In 1962 he received a medal from the Advertising Society. His work has been exhibited.

Bijlsma died in Kortgene on 2 November 1984, at the age of 64.

Swip Stolk

Swip Stolk (3 January 1944 – 2 November 2019) was a Dutch graphic designer.

Stolk designed the corporate identity for VARA in the 1970s, including the rooster. He was also the graphic designer of among others the Rembrandt House Museum, Groninger Museum and Dutch stamps. There have been multiple exhibitions of his works. In 1990 he was awarded the H.N. Werkman Award, a typography prize from the city of Amsterdam.

Stolk died on 2 November 2019, aged 75.

Swimming at the 1922 Women's Olympiad – 4 × 50 metre medley relay

The 4 × 50 metre medley relay event at the 1922 Women's Olympiad was held on 21 April 1922. The venue of the competition was the Port Hercules, the harbour of Monte Carlo, Monaco.

The French team won ahead of the Netherlands and Belgium.

The race was held on a sunny day, but with the water temperature of the sea being low.

At the beginning of the race Truus Klapwijk (backstroke) was leading the race. The second swimmer of the Netherlands Loes Brandt (breaststroke) was not as fast as the French swimmer and so the France was leading the race. With a lot of effort the later Dutch women Annie Treffers (sidestroke) and Rie Beisenherz (freestyle) were not able to close the gap. The French team won in a time of 2:56, 3 seconds ahead of the Netherlands. Belgium finished third and Sweden and Great Britain finished fourth and fifth.
Sources:


Schmidt's mountain brook frog

Schmidt's mountain brook frog ("Duellmanohyla schmidtorum") is a frog. It lives in Mexico and Guatemala, in the Sierra Madre de Chiapas. Scientists have only seen it between 1300 and 2200 meters above sea level.

Annie Treffers

Annie Treffers (born 1900s) was a Dutch competitive swimmer, diver and water polo player. She was a swimmer in the earliest era of women's competitive swimming during the early 20th-century. She was a member of swimming club "Rotterdamsche Dames Zwemclub" (RDZ) in Rotterdam and represented the Netherlands and her club internationally. At the 1922 Women's Olympiad she won the gold medal in the water polo competition and the two silver medals with the Dutch relay team.

Treffers was selected to compete at the 1922 Women's Olympiad, the earliest women's international swimming championships in Monte Carlo. She was selected to compete in Water polo at the 1922 Women's Olympiad with the earliest Netherlands Women's water polo team. She also competed in the 4 x 50 metre relay and 4 x 50 metre medley relay. 

Ahead of the Olympiad, preparation matches in the Netherlands were organized. 

At the Olympiad she won the silver medal with the Dutch relay team in the 4 × 50 metre medley relay event, where she swam the 50 m sidestroke. She won another silver medal in the 4 × 50 metre relay event

Treffers was a midfielder of the earliest Netherlands women's national water polo team at the Olympiad. She became with the team champion after winning the decisive match against the British team. They won with 6–0.

In September 1922 she went to international swimming competitions in Mönchengladbach, where she won the diving event.
In August 1924 she won at the international competitions in Mönchengladbach a second prize in an individual swimming event and won she with RDZ the water polo match.

With the RDZ water polo team she won an international match agaist Blau-Weiss in March 1926, and in April 1926 an international water polo match in Antwerp. In May 1926 she won with RDZ at international swimming competition in Brussels the relay event.

Ahead of the international swimming and water polo meeting against Germany in August 1926, Treffers was selected to join the central trainings. This was the first the national teams of Netherlands competed against Germany. The Dutch water polo team won the competition.

Department of Social Welfare (Malaysia)

The Malaysian Department of Social Welfare (Malay: Jabatan Kebajikan Masyarakat Malaysia) is a governmental department of the government of Malaysia that was established in 1946. Its purpose is to handle the welfare of those in need under protection, rehabilitation, prevention, development and integration, which includes people with disabilities.

The Social Welfare Department was established in the year 1946 as a solution to major problems caused by World War II. As years go on, the role and functions of the department have expanded to include prevention and rehabilitation services of social issues and community development.

Even after the COVID-19 pandemic, the organization refused to adopt technological changes, instead relying on outdated, physical contact with customers.

Hurricane Nicole (2022)

Hurricane Nicole was a November 2022 hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean. The storm struck the northern Bahamas and eastern Florida on November 9. It continued into the following day as a mild-to-moderate Category 1 hurricane.

Before Nicole hit, tropical storm and hurricane notices were issued for the Bahamas and from eastern Florida to South Carolina.

The storm started as a subtropical cyclone then became a tropical one. It soon became a category 1 hurricane with winds up to 75 miles per hour. It weakened back into a tropical storm after making landfall in Florida.

Storm surges were recorded up to 6 feet in certain areas. The storm was expected to give tropical storm conditions to coastal Georgia and cause storm surge. There, in some places, a storm surge watch or warning was in effect.

Nahor, son of Terah

Nahor (son of Terah) was a son of Terah, brother of Abraham and Haran and the father of Bethuel.

Haran

Haran was a son of Terah and brother of Abraham who died when Terah was still alive. According to a Midrash in the Talmud, King Nimrod tried to burn Abraham but Abraham survived so Haran said that he believed in the God of Abraham and that the Lord would save him with a miracle like how He saved Abraham. So Nimrod threw Haran in the fire and Haran died.

Midrash

In the Talmud, commentary on the Torah is divided into two parts. Midrash Halacha and Midrash Aggada. The first one explains Jewish Law known as halacha. The second is explaining and building on the stories of the Hebrew Bible and is also sometimes called The Midrash. The stories of the Midrash are called Midrashim.

Seth, son of Adam

Seth (son of Adam) was the third son of Adam and Eve born after Abel was murdered by Cain. Seth became the father of a son named Enosh and also had sons and daughters. Seth became the ancestor of Noah and through him of humanity.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship (; MRECIC), informally referred to as the Chancellery (), is the Argentine government ministry dealing with the foreign relations of Argentina, Argentina's foreign policy, international development, international trade, diaspora and matters dealing with Mercosur and the Catholic Church.

Koloss

Koloss is the seventh studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah. It was released in March 2012 by Nuclear Blast, the band's record label. The album went to number 17 on the "Billboard" 200 music chart.

Guess How Much I Love You (TV series)

Guess How Much I Love You is a Australian animated children's television series based on the book of the same name written by Sam McBratney It was produced by SLR Productions and Scrawl Studios and was distributed by CCI Entertainment (now 9 Story Media Group) for HR and KiKa. It ran from December 25 2011 to December 24 2017 in association with TVOKids, Knowledge Kids, YLE, and SVT with the participation of TFO, HR1, ABC Television, and The Walt Disney Company (Australia), 

In 2015, a second season was announced and ran until 2016. 

TFO

TFO is a Canadian French language educational television channel and media organization. It serves the province of Ontario.



Émilie

Émilie () is a French female given name. It is the female version of the male name Émile. Spelled Emilie, it is used in several countries. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 


Disney Junior (Dutch TV channel)

Disney Junior is a Dutch pay television station for young children. It is owned by The Walt Disney Company.

Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer

Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer (JUICE) is a space probe made by the European Space Agency that will explore Jupiter's major moons, mostly just Ganymede, Europa, and Callisto. It is powered by solar panels, like NASA's Juno (spacecraft).

The spacecraft launched on 14 April 2023. It will reach Jupiter in July 2031 after four gravity assists and eight years of travel.

It will fly near the moons before going into orbit around Ganymede.

JANUS- An optical camera system

MAJIS- Moon and Jupiter imaging Spectrometer

GALA- Ganymede laser Altimeter

J-Mag- A magnetometer for JUICE 

RPWI- Radio & Plasma Wave Investigation

UVS- UV imaging Spectrograph

SWI- Sub-millimeter Wave Instrument

RIME- Radar for Icy Moons Exploration

PEP- Particle Environment Package

3GM- Gravity & Geophysics of Jupiter and Galilean Moons

Juice builds on the previously proposed Europa Jupiter System Mission (EJSM-Laplace), a planned collaborative mission between ESA and NASA that would have carried out an in-depth study of the Jovian system and its icy moons. It is now foreseen that the Juice and NASA Europa Clipper spacecraft will be exploring the Jovian system simultaneously.


Three-axis stabilized with 10 solar panels and a 2.5-metre-long High Gain Antenna, with a dry mass of approximately 2400 kg and a wet mass (including fuel) of approximately 6000 kg. Each solar panel measures about 2.5 m x 3.5 m; with five on each side of the spacecraft deployed as two distinctive cross-shaped arrays, these total an area of about 85 square meters.

Juice will spend approximately eight years cruising to Jupiter, during which it will complete fly-bys of Venus, Earth and the Earth-Moon system. It will reach Jupiter in July 2031; six months before entering orbit around Jupiter, Juice will begin its nominal science phase. The spacecraft will go on to spend many months orbiting Jupiter, completing fly-bys of Europa, Ganymede and Callisto, and finally conducting an orbital tour of Ganymede.

Franny's Feet

Franny's Feet was a 2003-10 Canadian children's animated educational television series.

It was produced by WNET.

Rare Earth hypothesis

The Rare Earth hypothesis suggests that life on Earth needed an improbable combination of astrophysical and geological circumstances. It is proposed by Peter Ward and Donald Brownlee. If it is true, then the chances of extraterrestrial life elsewhere is close to none.

The idea has nothing to do with the chemicals known as rare earths. The proposed idea suggests that the Earth itself is rare. Certainly, we do not know how rare it is or is not. At present we cannot see planets as small as Earth orbiting their stars. Presumably that could be decided if our powers of magnification were great enough.

Danny Carey

Daniel Carey (born May 10, 1961) is an American musician and songwriter. He is the drummer for Tool. He has also played music with other musicians, such as the Melvins, Zaum, Green Jellö and Pigface. He has been called one of the best drummers of all time by "Rolling Stone". Many other magazines have also said this.

Carey was born in Lawrence, Kansas. He started playing the snare drum when he was ten years old. When he was twelve, he started playing the drums with a drum set. When he lived in Paola, Kansas, Carey was in his high school's jazz band. Playing jazz music affected how he played rock music later. Carey went to college at the University of Missouri in Kansas City. He started learning about the occult. When he was in college, he still played jazz music.

After college, one of Carey's friends got him to move to Portland, Oregon. He played in many bands for a short time, and then moved to Los Angeles. He played the drums for other bands before meeting Maynard James Keenan and Adam Jones. He joined their band named Tool. Since then, he has played the drums for the band.

Deaths in September 2006

The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2006.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:





























Disney Junior (Canadian TV channel)

Disney Junior is a Canadian English-language Children's channel. This is owned by Corus Entertainment. It was launched on December 1, 2015.


The Secret World of Benjamin Bear

The Secret World of Benjamin Bear is a 2003-09 Canadian animated television series. It was produced by Amberwood Entertainment and Secret Bear Productions with Family Channel and Playhouse Disney (Season 4).

2003–04 Austrian Cup

The 2003–04 Austrian Cup was the 70th season of the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 



Ministry of the Environment and Sustainable Development (Argentina)

The Ministry of the Environment and Sustainable Development (; MAyDS) of Argentina is a ministry of the national executive power that oversees the government's policy on environmental issues and promotes sustainable development.

Seth

Seth may refer to:


Rioplatense Spanish

Rioplatense Spanish (), also known as Rioplatense Castilian, is a variety of Spanish. 
It is spoken mainly in and around the Río de la Plata Basin of Argentina and Uruguay. It is also referred to as River Plate Spanish or Argentine Spanish. 

It is the most prominent dialect to employ "voseo" in both speech and writing. Many features of Rioplatense are also shared with the varieties spoken in south and eastern Bolivia, and Paraguay. 
This dialect is often spoken with an intonation resembling that of the Neapolitan language of Southern Italy, but there are exceptions.

Pyrrhic War

The Pyrrhic War (280–275 BC) was mostly fought between the Roman Republic and Pyrrhus, the king of Epirus. he was a distant relative of Alexander the Great. The people of the Greek city of Tarentum in southern Italy asked him to help them in their war against the Romans.

He was a skilled commander, with a strong army supported by war elephants. The Romans were not used to them. Pyrrhus beat the Roman legions, but suffered heavy losses even when he won. Plutarch wrote that Pyrrhus said after the second battle of the war, "If we are victorious in one more battle with the Romans, we shall be utterly ruined." The Romans had plenty of military manpower and could replace their losses. This is the source of the expression "Pyrrhic victory", a victory that inflicts losses the winner cannot afford in the long term.

Worn down by the battles against Rome, Pyrrhus moved his army to Sicily to fight the Carthaginians instead. After several years of campaigning there (278–275 BC), he returned to Italy in 275 BC, where the last battle of the war was fought. The Roman victory. Following this, Pyrrhus returned to Epirus, ending the war. Three years later, in 272 BC, the Romans captured Tarentum.

Telecadena

Telecadena is a Honduran open television channel. It is owned by the Televicentro Corporation. Its name is due to the two frequencies that the channel occupies to transmit at the national level, channel 7 VHF from Tegucigalpa and channel 4 VHF from San Pedro Sula.

Its programming is of a general nature, with children's series broadcast in the mornings and programs for an adult audience in the afternoons.

The channel is launched in 1985 by Rafael Ferrari. In February 1988, the station's first news program, "Abriendo Brecha" at 5:30 pm, was launched, directed and presented by Rodrigo Wong Arévalo.

Since the 2000s, the channel has aired the soap opera block La telenovela del recuerdo, inspired by Rede Globo's Vale a pena ver de novo block. On December 1, 2014, the block is canceled to premiere new programs.

Among other entertainment programs, it also broadcasts Honduran shows such as: Los del Cuarto, a night show broadcast on Sundays from 8pm to 9:30pm on Telecadena de Televicentro; alongside 2 great drivers: Samuel Martínez and Elmer Valladares. This program will stop broadcasting in 2020 and is currently moving on Canal 5.



Marcelo Bonelli

Marcelo Alberto Bonelli (Born, October 8, 1955) is an Argentine political and economics journalist.
He began his career in 1985 on El Trece. Since 2005 he has been the host of the morning news show Arriba Argentinos on Channel 13. He writes for the newspaper Clarín. He is a fan of Racing Club.

He has been awarded national and international prizes on various occasions: in 1997 he received the Konex Prize. In 1998 he received the Ondas Prize, awarded by Cadena Ser of Spain for the investigation carried out in the program A Dos Voces on the disappeared children in Argentina.

On March 17, 2017, the newspaper Clarín published an article by Bonelli in which he stated that, during an interview between the former president of the Spanish government Felipe González and President Mauricio Macri, the former had told him that "no one is going to invest seriously in Argentina until Cristina's acts of corruption are judged and sentenced", after asking "When is Cristina going to go to jail?".

The former president responded by sending González and Macri two notes. He urged them to confirm what was stated in Bonelli's article, and considering that the Argentine president had the duty to reject demonstrations that "import unprecedented extortion and undue interference in internal affairs, in addition to the exclusive recourse of justice."

That day, González denied through his spokesman that the former President had maintained that position before the Argentine President, news that was published by the newspaper in a note by Bonelli himself, in which he insisted that what he had published was true. In the same sense, Felipe González spoke and asked the newspaper to clarify the situation, which the newspaper did not.


List of people from Mobile, Alabama

This is a list of notable people (past and present) born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Mobile, Alabama.









Mobile is the birthplace of five members of the Baseball Hall of Fame. Only New York City and Chicago can claim to be the birthplace of more members of the Hall.


Swimming at the 1922 Women's Olympiad – 4 × 50 metre freestyle relay

The 4 × 50 metre freestyle relay event at the 1922 Women's Olympiad was held on 22 April 1922. The venue of the competition was the Port Hercules, the harbour of Monte Carlo, Monaco.

The Swedish team won ahead of the Netherlands and Great Britain.

Sweden, Netherlands, Belgium, France and Great Britain entered for the competition.

The first Dutch swimmer Alide Bolten was leading the race. At the time the second and third Dutch women, Annie Treffers and Truus Klapwijk, where swimming the Swedish women were closing the gap. The third Swedish womam Carin Nilsson closed the gap and was leading the race. The fourth Swedish woman, national champion Aina Berg, expanded the gap and won the race in a time of 2:25. The Netherlands finished four seconds later and Great Britain finished third.

Sources:

M142 HIMARS

The M142 HIMARS (M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System) is a light rocket launcher that can launch many rockets.The system was developed in the late 1990s for the United States Army. It is mounted on a truck frame. The vehicle is what that army calls a Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (FMTV).



TeleRadyo

TeleRadyo Serbisyo (, previously known as DZMM TeleRadyo and as TeleRadyo / ABS-CBN TeleRadyo) is a Philippine pay television channel owned by Media Serbisyo Production Corporation, a joint venture between Prime Media Holdings (through subsidiary Philippine Collective Media Corporation) and ABS-CBN Corporation, with ABS-CBN News as its main content provider, and is available on cable providers throughout the Philippines. TeleRadyo Serbisyo is also simulcasted via The Filipino Channel (TFC) and it can be heard and viewed online via its YouTube channel and iWantTFC. TeleRadyo was also included as a digital subchannel on digital terrestrial television seen via the ABS-CBN TVplus digital TV receivers and other digital TV boxes, until its discontinuation on November 1, 2022. The channel was previously used to simulcast the programs of ABS-CBN's flagship AM radio station, DZMM 630 before the latter went off the air on May 5, 2020 due to a cease and desist order of the National Telecommunications Commission together with ABS-CBN, S+A, and MOR Philippines. The channel went back on-air and online on May 8, 2020 as TeleRadyo, resuming the programming of the former DZMM. On June 28, 2021, TeleRadyo started to broadcast in high-definition feed on YouTube and Facebook while selected shows are being broadcast on Kapamilya Channel and The Filipino Channel in HD. The channel rebranded to TeleRadyo Serbisyo on June 30, 2023 coinciding with the launch of its radio counterpart Radyo Patrol Serbisyo under the joint venture of Prime Media and ABS-CBN.

An international feed called TeleRadyo Serbisyo Global is also available worldwide as part of TFC premium channels via cable, satellite, iWantTFC and TFC IPTV.


It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)

"It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)" is a 1985 song by Eurythmics and is the fourth and final single from their fourth studio album "Be Yourself Tonight". It went to number 8 in Ireland, number 12 in the United Kingdom, number 14 in Austria, number 18 in New Zealand and number 20 in the Netherlands. It stalled at #78 in the United States.

7"

12"

Christian Era Broadcasting Service International

Christian Era Broadcasting Service International, Inc. (CEBSI) (known as Christian Broadcasting Service from 1969 to 1994 and Christian Era Broadcasting Service Inc., from 1994 to 2014) is a Philippine television and radio network, and a religious broadcast arm of Iglesia ni Cristo. This station studios are located in Quezon City. According to The Manila Times, CEBSI operates 3 channels on Philippine cable television, these include INCTV 48 and NET 25.

Lisa Sparxxx

Lisa Sparxxx (born on October 6, 1977 in Bowling Green, Kentucky), is a American pornographic actress, director and model. She is one of the most famous Guinness World Records title holders in the sex industry.

Sparks was born in October 1977 in Bowling Green, Kentucky. She attended Western Kentucky University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree and has a salon business in her home.

In 2004 she took part in a sex contest that included 919 men in just 12 hours in 1 day held in the capital of Warsaw, Poland on October 16, 2004, including her competitors "Paulina Kaczanow" (Marianna Rokita) of Poland and Patricia Castro of Brazil.

3)

Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?

"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" is a 1999 song by Moby and is the fourth single taken from his fifth studio album "Play". It went to number 3 in Germany, number 4 in Austria and Switzerland, number 11 in Belgium, number 15 in Iceland and number 16 in the United States.







Skin Trade (song)

"Skin Trade" is the 15th single by English new wave band Duran Duran and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Notorious". It went to number 3 in Italy, number 9 in Belgium, number 11 in the Netherlands, number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 35 in Germany, number 36 in New Zealand and number 39 in the United States.






Typhoon Phanfone

Typhoon Phanfone, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ursula, was a strong tropical cyclone to hit the central of the Philippines, on December 25, 2019.

On December 25, 2019 in the Philippines, typhoon Ursula was located at the vicinity of "Boracay" island, in the town of "Malay, Aklan" into a Category 3 "typhoon". 

Typhoon Phanfone struck the central and southern part of Luzon on Christmas day, 2019. It left at least 50 dead particular in "Iloilo" province and more than 55 are missing.

Savage's brook frog

Savage's brook frog ("Duellmanohyla lythrodes") is a frog. It lives in Costa Rica and Panama, in the Cordillera de Talamanca. Scientists have only seen it between 170 and 440 meters above sea level. As of 2009, scientists had seen exactly three of these frogs.

The adult male frog is about 30-33 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 30-36 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is green or brown. There is a white stripe from the nose to where the legs meet the body. There is a white spot under each eye. The skin on the belly is yellow. The throat is white. The iris of the eye is red in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Human beings change the places where it lives. They cut down trees for wood and to make farms and towns and places for cows and other animals to eat grass. Human beings build dams that change the way the water moves. Diseases can also kill this frog.

LittleBe

LittleBe (stylized as little Be) is a British children's preschool television programming block. It is broadcast by ITVBe. The block was launched on 3 September 2018. The block airs at 9:00am to 12:00pm on weekends and weekdays. This block is aimed at 2–6 year olds.

Programmes on the block are aimed toward a pre-school audience and range from acquisitions such as "Pingu", to original series such as "Sooty".




Androctonus amoreuxi

Androctonus amoreuxi, also known as the African fat-tailed scorpion or Tunisian fat-tailed scorpion, is a species of fat-tailed scorpion. It lives in North Africa, Tunisia, Mali, and Asia. Its sting can kill. 

The adult scorpion is about 70 mm long. Its shell is yellow in color.

The Tunisian fat-tail's sting contains deadly venom enough to kill a human.

Lauda Air

Lauda Air Luftfahrt GmbH, branded as Lauda Air was an Austrian airline headquartered in Vienna, Austria. It operated scheduled leisure flights and charter flights to vacation destinations in Europe, North America, the Caribbean and Southeast Asia.
Lauda Air was founded in April 1979 by former Formula 1 driver and champion Niki Lauda. They began operations in 1985 with air taxi and charter services. 

Authorization for regular operations was given in 1987. In 1990 it was authorized to carry out international flights. In 1989 Lauda Air began its first long-range flight from Vienna to Sydney and Melbourne via Kuala Lumpur. Daily flights to Miami via Munich, to Dubai and to Cuba followed.

It became a 100% owned subsidiary of Austrian Airlines in December 2000. They had 35 employees (as of March 2007). In 2005 the flight operations were taken over by Austrian Airlines. Lauda Air is used currently as the brand that operates the charter flights of the Austrian Airlines Group.

Niki Lauda has started a new airline named Niki. For its part, the Austrian Airlines Group will make a decision whether to integrate the entire Lauda Air Charter Flight fleet into the common Austrian Airlines design or not, at the beginning of 2007. The goals would be to identify itself as a single airline (simplicity) and to avoid advertising of Niki Lauda's new airline. This would mean the total disappearance of Lauda Air.


The Love Cats (song)

"The Love Cats" is a 1983 song by English gothic rock The Cure as a stand-alone single. It went to number 6 in Australia, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in Ireland and number 23 in New Zealand.



Let's Go to Bed (The Cure song)

"Let's Go to Bed" is a 1982 song by English gothic rock band The Cure and was released as a stand-alone single. It went to number 15 in Australia and number 17 in New Zealand. It was a minor success in the United Kingdom where it peaked at #44.

7-inch vinyl
12-inch vinyl
US 7-inch vinyl
US 12-inch vinyl

The Walk (The Cure song)

"The Walk" is a 1983 song by English gothic rock band The Cure and was released as a stand-alone single. It went to the top 20 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.

7"

12"

US mini-LP

Home on Monday

"Home on Monday" is a 1977 song by Australian band Little River Band and is the third single from their third studio album "Diamantina Cocktail". It went to number 12 in the Netherlands and number 73 in Australia.



Disney Channel (Canadian TV channel)

Disney Channel is a Canadian English language channel. It is owned by Corus Entertainment.

Keith Farmer

Keith Farmer (1987 - 10 November 2022) was a Northern Irish motorcycle racer. He was four time national champion. He has been described as "one of Northern Ireland's most successful motorcyclists".

Farmer became 2011 National Superstock 600 Championship champion 2012 and 2018 National Superstock 1000cc champion. He also became 2017 British Supersport Championship champion. Farmer was a member of prominent BSB teams, including the Paul Bird Motorsport team, Buildbase Suzuki and TAS Racing. Farmer retired in 2012 due to injuries from accidents.

Farmer died suddenly on 10 November 2022 at the age of 35 years.

István Bubik

István Bubik [ˈiʃtvaːn ˈbubik] (* 19 May 1958 in Budapest; † 28 November 2004 in Ceglédbercel) was a Hungarian actor.
After graduating from the Hochschule für Film und Schauspiel Budapest, he was a member of the Hungarian National Theater. From 1993 (after a short stay in London) he played in the Budapester Művész-Theater (later Thália-Theater). Since 1998, he has been a member of the Neuen Theaters (New Theater) in Budapest. He was awarded with the Jászai-Mari-Preis, the Rajz-János-Preis, and the Farkas-Ratkó-Preis for his acting performances.

Then in 1999 he directed the film "Ein Hauch von Sonnenschein" (Director: István Szabó). Sein letzter Film war 2003 der Film "St. Ivan's Day".
Bubik was married since 1992 to the singer Tünde Rémi and the father of the daughter Réka Hajnalka who was born in the year 2000. 

Fouls and misconduct (association football)

A foul is an unfair act by a player, deemed by the referee to contravene the game's laws, that interferes with the active play of the game. Fouls are punished by the award of a free kick (possibly a penalty kick) to the opposing team. Misconduct is an act of a player, substitute, or other team member or coach that the referee decides to show a yellow or red card for.

Government of Nepal

The Government of Nepal () is the federal executive authority of Nepal. Before the end of the Nepali monarchy in 2006 (became republic in 2008), it was officially known as His Majesty's Government.

The head of state is the president. The prime minister holds the position of the head of executive. The role of president is largely ceremonial. The functions of the government are managed entirely by the prime minister (PM). The PM is appointed by the Parliament. 

The heads of constitutional bodies are appointed by the president on the recommendation of Constitutional Council, with the exception of the attorney general (AG). AG is appointed by the president on the recommendation of the prime minister.

Rastrapati Bhawan

The Rastrapati Bhawan (, , "Presidential Palace") is the official residence of the President of Nepal. It is in Kathmandu, Nepal. 

It hosts the Office of The President of Nepal (). The main palace building was and still is known as Sital Niwas. It was built by Rana Prime Minister Chandra Shumsher JBR in 1923.

Ministry of Defence (Nepal)

The Ministry of Defence is governmental body in Nepal. It formulates defence policies and coordinates defence affairs with other government agencies and the Nepalese Armed Forces.

HD 1

HD 1 (also named HIP 422), is the first star catalogued in the "Henry Draper Catalogue" and the 422nd star catalogued in the Hipparcos Catalogue. The star is located in the northern circumpolar constellation Cepheus and has an apparent magnitude of 7.42, making it readily visible in binoculars, but not to the naked eye. The star is located relatively far away at a distance of 1,220 light years but is approaching the Solar System with a spectroscopic radial velocity of −27.3 km/s.

NGC 3109

NGC 3109 is a small barred Magellanic type spiral galaxy or irregular galaxy around 4.34 million ly away in the direction of the constellation of Hydra. NGC 3109 is believed to be tidally interacting with the dwarf elliptical galaxy Antlia Dwarf. It was discovered by John Herschel on March 24, 1835 while he was in what is now South Africa.

NGC 3109 is classified as a Magellanic type irregular galaxy, but it may in fact be a small spiral galaxy. If it is a spiral galaxy, it would be the smallest in the Local Group. NGC 3109 has a mass of about 2.3×109 times the mass of the Sun, of which 20% of the mass is in the form of neutral hydrogen. It is oriented edge-on from our point of view, and may contain a disk and a halo. The disk appears to be composed of stars of all ages, whereas the halo contains only very old and metal-poor stars. NGC 3109 does not appear to possess a galactic nucleus.

From measurements of the neutral atomic hydrogen in the galaxy, it has been found that the disk of NGC 3109 is twisted. The distortion has the same radial velocity as gas in the Antlia Dwarf galaxy, showing that the two galaxies had a close meeting about 1 billion years ago.

One Wild Night Live 1985–2001

One Wild Night Live 1985-2001 is a live album from American hard rock band Bon Jovi released on 22 May, 2001. The album includes live covers of "Rockin' in the Free World" and "I Don't Like Mondays". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and number 20 in the United States.

7800° Fahrenheit

7800° Fahrenheit is the second studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and released on 27 March, 1985 through Mercury Records. It went to number 5 in Japan, number 6 in Finland, number 10 in Sweden, number 11 in Switzerland, number 28 in Australia and the United Kingdom and number 37 in the United States.


You're Sixteen

"You're Sixteen" is a 1960 song by Johnny Burnette and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom and number 8 in the United States.

In 1973, Ringo Starr released his version of You're Sixteen from his third studio album "Ringo". It topped the single charts in the United States and New Zealand. It went to number 2 in Canada and Ireland, number 3 in South Africa, number 4 in the United Kingdom and number 6 in Australia, the Netherlands, Norway and Switzerland.

Nueva Ecija

 

Nueva Ecija ( Filipino : "Bagong Esiha/Nuweba Esija" ) is one of the provinces not next to water in the Philippines, located in the Central Luzon region . The City of Rice Fields is its capital. Nueva Ecija is near Bulacan, Pampanga, Tarlac, Pangasinan, Nueva Vizcaya, Zambales, Bataan and Aurora.

Nueva Ecija is considered the main growing rice in the province of Philippines. It also the leading generate of theonions (in the municipality of Bongabon) in Southeast Asia. Buffalo Milk,vegetables and fruits gathered in the crops in Nueva Ecija are also famous here.

Nueva Ecija is a beautiful place to visit. You can see a mountain range and calmness view and there is lot of delicious food everywhere in Nueva Ecija. Nueva Ecija also known as "Rice bowl of the Philippines". Every corner in Nueva Ecija has rice stores because rice is very famous in Nueva Ecija. 

The Nueva Ecija is divided into 27 municipalities and 5 cities .


Nueva Ecija was formed as a military of comandancia in 1777 by Governor General Clavería, with the capital at Baler (now part of Aurora). Formerly belonging to the province of Pampanga . From its initial establishment, the area of the land grow to cover the entire island of Luzon . There are Spanish records that recognize 2 Spanish provinces ( "counties" ) in the Pacific —Las Islas Filipinas and Nueva Ecija. Poverty was the only reason why the King of Spain did not noticed that Nueva Ecija will separated country in the Philippines in the 1840s. From 1777 to 1917, the territory of Nueva Ecija was split to give way to the creation of another province. The province of Tayabas (now Aurora and Quezon ) including the islands of Polilio, the province of Palanan (now Isabela ), Cagayan, the province of Nueva Vizcaya, the territory that became part of the Province of Quirino, and the province of Manila north of the province of Tondo in 1867, and the District of Morong (now Rizal ) that was created from Nueva Ecija.

The province was named after the old city of the Nueva Écija in Sevilla, Spain .

In 1896, Nueva Ecija was one of the first province to rebilion against Spain, and one of the provinces to declare the independence in 1898.

The "First Scream of Nueva Ecija" was a strike in 1896 led by General Mariano Llanera, who was accompanied by General Manuel Tinio and Pantaleon Valmonte of the Town of Gapan, Nueva Ecija and colonel Alipio Tecson of Cabiao, Nueva Ecija who later became Brigadier General. The strike was held in Cabiao, Nueva Ecija. Alipio Tecson became "Governadorcillo" of Cabiao, Nueva Ecija. 

General Emilio Aguinaldo inaugurated San Isidro, Nueva Ecija as the capitol of the First Republic of the Philippines on March 29, 1899. General Aguinaldo lived in this house owned by Crispulo "Kapitan Pulong" Sideco which then became the de facto Philippine capitol. When the Americans arrived in the town of San Isidro, the Sideco House became the home of Col. Frederick Funston who also captured General Aguinaldo in Palanan, Isabela . It was also in this house that the arrest of General Aguinaldo was discussed.

NGC 300

NGC 300 (also known as Caldwell 70) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Sculptor. It is one of the nearest galaxies to the Local Group. It probably lies between that and the Sculptor Group. 

The galaxy is the brightest of the five main spirals in the direction of the Sculptor Group. It is at an angle of 42° when viewed from Earth, and looks rather like the Triangulum Galaxy. It is 94,000 light years in diameter, somewhat smaller than the Milky Way, and has an estimated mass of (2.9 ± 0.2) × 10 "M".

The distance of NGC 300 from us is about six million light years.

NGC 300 and the irregular galaxy NGC 55 are members of the Sculptor Group. This is a nearby group of galaxies in the constellation of the Sculptor. Recent measurements of their distance suggest these two galaxies are in the foreground. NGC 300 and NGC 55 probably form a gravitationally bound pair.

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a 2022 American superhero movie. 

This is based on the Marvel Comics character Black Panther. It is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the sequel to "Black Panther" (2018). It is the 30th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

It is directed by Ryan Coogler, who co-wrote the screenplay with Joe Robert Cole. The movie stars Letitia Wright, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Winston Duke, Dominique Thorne, Florence Kasumba, Michaela Coel, Tenoch Huerta, Martin Freeman, and Angela Bassett. In the movie, the leaders of Wakanda fight to protect their nation after King T'Challa's death.

Ideas for a sequel began after the release of Black Panther in February 2018. Coogler negotiated to return as director in the following months. Then Marvel Studios officially confirmed the sequel's development in mid-2019. Plans for the movie changed in August 2020 when "Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman died from colon cancer. Marvel chose not to recast his role of T'Challa. Other main cast members from the first movie were confirmed to return by that November. 

The title was announced in May 2021. Production initially took place from late June to early November 2021, in Atlanta and Brunswick, Georgia, as well as around Massachusetts. This was before a break was made to allow Wright to recover from an injury sustained during filming. Production resumed by mid-January 2022 and ended in late March in Puerto Rico.

"Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" premiered at the El Capitan Theatre and the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on October 26, 2022. It was released in the United States on November 11. It is the last movie in Phase Four of the MCU.

T'Challa, king of Wakanda, is suffering from an illness which his sister, Shuri, believes can be cured by the "heart-shaped herb". Shuri attempts to synthetically recreate the herb after it was destroyed by Killmonger but fails to do so before he succumbs.

One year later, Wakanda is under pressure from other nations to share their vibranium, with some parties attempting to steal it by force. Queen Ramonda implores Shuri to continue her research on the heart-shaped herb, hoping to create a new Black Panther that will defend Wakanda, but she refuses due to her belief that the Black Panther is a figure of the past. In the Atlantic Ocean, the CIA and U.S. Navy SEALs utilize a vibranium-detecting machine to locate a potential vibranium deposit underwater. The expedition is attacked and killed by a group of blue-skinned water-breathing superhumans led by Namor, with the CIA believing Wakanda to be responsible. Namor confronts Ramonda and Shuri, easily bypassing Wakanda's advanced security. Blaming Wakanda for the vibranium race, he gives them an ultimatum: deliver him the scientist responsible for the vibranium-detecting machine, or he will attack Wakanda.

Shuri and Okoye learn from CIA agent Everett K. Ross that the scientist in question is MIT student Riri Williams and arrive at the university to confront her. The group is pursued by the FBI and then by Namor's warriors, who defeat Okoye before taking Shuri and Williams underwater to meet Namor. Angered by Okoye's failure to protect Shuri, Ramonda strips her of her title as general of the Dora Milaje and seeks out Nakia, who has been living in Haiti since the Blip. Namor shows Shuri his vibranium-rich underwater kingdom of Talokan, which he has protected for centuries from discovery by the world. Bitter at the surface world for enslaving the Maya, Namor proposes an alliance with Wakanda against the rest of the world but threatens to destroy Wakanda first if they refuse. Nakia helps Shuri and Williams escape, and Namor retaliates with an attack against Wakanda, during which Ramonda drowns saving Williams. Namor vows to return in a week with his full army, and the citizens of Wakanda relocate to the Jabari mountains for their safety. Meanwhile, Ross is arrested by his ex-wife and CIA director, Valentina Allegra de Fontaine, for secretly exchanging classified intelligence with the Wakandans.

Using a remnant of the herb that gave Namor's people their superhuman abilities, Shuri reconstructs the heart-shaped herb and ingests it, gaining superhuman abilities and meeting Killmonger in the Ancestral Plane, who urges her to seek revenge. Shuri dons a new Black Panther suit and is accepted by the other Wakandan tribes as the Black Panther. Despite M'Baku's urges for peace, Shuri is determined to exact vengeance on Namor for Ramonda's death and orders an immediate counterattack on Talokan. Preparing for battle, with Ayo assuming the position of general of the Dora Milaje, Shuri bestows the Midnight Angel armor upon Okoye, who in turn recruits Dora member Aneka to join her. Williams creates an Iron Man-esque powered exoskeleton to aid the Wakandans.

The Wakandans lure Namor and his warriors to the surface as a battle ensues. Shuri traps Namor in a fighter aircraft, intending to dry him out and weaken him. The pair crashes on a desert beach and fight. Shuri gains the upper hand, but realizes the similarities between their paths and implores Namor to yield, offering him a peaceful alliance. Namor accepts, and the battle ends. Namor's cousin, Namora, is upset at Namor's surrender. Namor reassures her that their new alliance will allow them to conquer the surface world one day. Williams returns to MIT, leaving her suit behind, while Okoye rescues Ross from captivity. In Shuri's absence, M'Baku steps forward to challenge for the throne. Shuri visits Nakia in Haiti where she burns her funeral ceremonial robe in accordance with Ramonda's wishes, allowing herself to finally grieve T'Challa.

In a mid-credits scene, Shuri learns that Nakia and T'Challa had a son named Toussaint, who Nakia has been raising in secret far from the pressure of the throne. Toussaint reveals his Wakandan name is T'Challa.


Additionally, Michael B. Jordan reprises his MCU role as N'Jadaka / Erik "Killmonger" Stevens. Isaach de Bankolé, Dorothy Steel (in her final, posthumous role), and Danny Sapani reprise their roles as the Wakandan River Tribe, Merchant Tribe, and Border Tribe elders, respectively. Connie Chiume reprises her role as Zawavari. Her character was previously the Mining Tribe Elder, but now the Elder Statesman, taking over the role held by Zuri from the first movie. Mabel Cadena portrays Namor's cousin Namora, while Alex Livinalli portrays the Talokanil warrior Attuma, and María Mercedes Coroy portrays Princess Fen, Namor's mother. Lake Bell (who voiced Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow in Marvel Studios' animated series "What If...?") and Robert John Burke appear as Dr. Graham and Smitty, respectively, a pair of CIA officials in charge of the vibranium mining operation. Richard Schiff appears as the U.S. Secretary of State, while Kamaru Usman appears as a naval officer. Comedian Trevor Noah reprises his role from the first movie as Griot, an A.I. developed by Shuri. Archive footage from previous MCU movies of Boseman as T'Challa / Black Panther is used in the movie's ending, with Divine Love Konadu-Sun appearing as Toussaint, T'Challa and Nakia's son. CNN news anchor Anderson Cooper appears as himself reporting on the Wakandan activities.

"Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" premiered at the El Capitan Theatre and the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on October 26, 2022. It also premiered in Lagos, Nigeria on November 6. "Deadline Hollywood" described the event as the first local premiere for a Marvel movie. 

It was released internationally on November 9, and in the United States on November 11. The movie was previously scheduled for release on May 6, which was later moved to July 8, 2022.

As of October 10, 2023, "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" has grossed $453.8 million in the United States and Canada and $405.3 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $859.2 million.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 84% of 445 reviews are positive. The average rating is 7.10/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "A poignant (gives a feeling of sadness) tribute that satisfyingly moves the franchise forward, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever marks an ambitious and emotionally rewarding triumph for the MCU." On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 67 out of 100 based on 62 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.

Please Please Me (song)

"Please Please Me" is a 1963 song by The Beatles and is the title track to their debut studio album "Please Please Me". It went to #1 in the United Kingdom, #2 in New Zealand, #3 in the United States, #4 in Italy, #5 in Canada, #7 in Sweden and #10 in Ireland.

Ask Me Why

"Ask Me Why" is a 1963 song by The Beatles. It is from their debut studio album "Please Please Me". It is the B-side to the single "Please Please Me".

Hallelujah I Love Her So

"Hallelujah I Love Her So" is a 1956 song by Ray Charles and was covered by Eddie Cochran in 1959. It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom.

DWHB-DTV

DWHB-DTV (channel 26) is a television station in Baguio City, Philippines, owned and operated by Broadcast Enterprises and Affiliated Media Inc. The station maintains a transmitter facility atop Mt. Sto. Tomas, Tuba, Benguet.

DWHB-TV currently operates on UHF Channel 26 (545.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:


It's a Long Way There (Greatest Hits)

It's a Long Way There (Greatest Hits) is a 1978 greatest hits album by Australian band Little River Band and was released in Australia and New Zealand. It went to number 4 in Australia and number 12 in New Zealand.

 Side A 


Tracks A1, A2 & A4 are taken from "Little River Band" (1975) <br>
Track A3 is taken from "After Hours" (1976) <br>
Tracks A5, B1, B2 & B3 are taken from "Diamantina Cocktail" (1977) <br>
Tracks B4, B5 & B6 are taken from "Sleeper Catcher" (1978)

Kamyshin school massacre

On March 9, 1997, an incident occurred at the Kamyshin High Military Construction Command and Engineering School. In the incident, six students died and two students were injured. 

At around 4 a.m. on 9 March 1997, 18-year-old cadet Sergei Lepnev, who surrendered his gun during the change of guard, opened fire on other cadets after he shot the guard Gennady Ivanov in the head. When Lepnev went to finish Pavel Grigoryev's work, the bullet in his gun ran out and they fled the scene with Arefyov.

The court sentenced Arefyev to 3.5 years in prison and Lepnev to death. These sentences were commuted to a 25-year strict regime due to the moratorium. Lepnev is currently serving his sentence in the "White Swan" penitentiary. He was tried to be released on parole in March 2021. 

Described as a "good boy" by his acquaintances, Sergei Lepnev studied well and had no problems at school. 

Spania

Spania () was a province of the Byzantine Empire (Eastern Roman Empire) from 552 until 624. Spania was created after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. During this time, Visgothic and Suebi people had took over the Iberian Peninsula.

Byzantine emperor Justinian I tried to restore the western provinces of the Empire. Spania was established in what is now the Balearic Islands and southern Andalusia.

Copan brook frog

The Copan brook frog ("Duellmanohyla soralia") is a frog. It lives in Honduras and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 40 and 1200 meters above sea level in Honduras and between 725 and 1200 m above sea level in Guatemala.

The adult male frog is 26.8-32 mm long from nose to rear end and the largest adult female frogs are 38 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown with green and black marks. The iris of the eye is red in color.

The tadpoles swim in pools in mountain streams where the water moves slowly.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Human beings change the places where it lives to collect wood for building. Diseases can also kill this frog. For example, the fungal disease chytridiomycosis can kill this frog.

The frog's scientific name comes from the Greek language word "soralia," which is about lichen. The marks on the frog's back make scientists think of lichen.

Single-stage-to-orbit

A single-stage-to-orbit (abbreviated as SSTO) is a hypothetical spacecraft. It can reach space from the surface of a planet without expending major pieces of the craft (such as engines, fuel tanks, or wings). As of November 2022, no SSTOs have successfully made it to space from Earth's surface; all space launches so far have been performed by rockets with multiple stages.

SSTOs have been supposed to hold many advantages over rockets. The main one is their reusability. Most launch systems are expendable (meaning that they are used once and not reused or recovered), with some exception of partially reusable launch systems (such as NASA's Space Shuttle or SpaceX's Falcon Heavy). Such partially reusable launch systems have significantly reduced many peoples' interest in SSTOs, because they dramatically lower launch costs using already proven technology that doesn't need expensive development.

It is generally considered possible for a rocket-powered SSTO to reach Earth orbit, so long as the many technical challenges with SSTOs can be solved sometime in the future. The main complications with SSTOs are:


All of these challenges have to be solved, made to work in a singular vehicle with little to no expenditure of hardware, and with some breathing room left over for the weight of the craft's payload. Doing so is a hard challenge. Scientists have been finding solutions for decades.
Assuming these challenges can be solved, it is likely that the regular maintenance costs of an SSTO would be very high. This is for multiple reasons; not only would the craft need to be refueled after every flight, any hull damage sustained during flight (specifically atmospheric reentry) would need to be fixed with absolute precision and no mistakes, every time, in order to prevent a catastrophic failure of the craft.

To reach the speeds needed to achieve Earth orbit in one stage, an SSTO would have to take advantage of highly advanced propulsion technology, such as scramjets or hybrid-cycle rocket engines.

Multiple SSTO concepts have been purported, and some have even begun the early stages of development.

The Skylon is a proposed SSTO that was first revealed in 1993. The Skylon would be propelled by two hybrid-cycle rocket engines. They are called SABRE engines. The SABRE engines would have two modes of operation: in atmosphere, they would act as airbreathing engines; at very high altitudes (approaching the edge of Earth's atmosphere), they would switch to a closed cycle rocket mode, using on-board liquid oxidizer to continue fuel combustion and propel the craft.

Skylon is still in very early development; very little funding for its development has been secured. A prototype functional SABRE engine has yet to be built.

Although not technically meant to be an SSTO, Elon Musk has said that the SpaceX Starship's upper stage could reach low Earth orbit on its own. It would, however, have little to no fuel left for orbital maneuvering or return to Earth's surface, no landing gear, no heat shield, and no usable payload.

NGC 55

NGC 55 is a Magellanic type barred spiral galaxy located about 6.5 million light years away in the constellation Sculptor. Along with its neighbor NGC 300, it is one of the closest galaxies to the Local Group, probably lying between the Milky Way and the Sculptor Group. It has an estimated mass of (2.0 ± 0.4) × 10 "M".

NGC 55 and the spiral galaxy NGC 300 have permanently been identified as members of the Sculptor Group, a nearby group of galaxies in the constellation of Sculptor. However, recent distance measurements point to that the two galaxies actually lie in the foreground.

It is likely that NGC 55 and NGC 300 form a gravitationally bound pair.

Transaction cost

Transportation cost- In order to ensure price in the market, it is assumed that the transportation costs are zero. A producer can sell his product at any place and buyer can buy it from the place he like.

SWMRS

SWMRS are an American punk rock band formed in Piedmont, California in 2004 by Cole Becker and Joey Armstrong, with Becker's brother Max Becker joining only a few weeks afterwards.

The band was formed by Cole Becker and Joey Armstrong.

SWMRS stated artists like The Beach Boys, Sex Pistols, The Who, Cheap Trick, Ramones, Nirvana, Bad Religion, Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Jam, Hüsker Dü, Joe Jackson, The Replacements, Buzzcocks, NOFX, Stiff Little Fingers, The Adverts, The Clash, The Rezillos, The Undertones, Operation Ivy, Sham 69, The Damned, Agent Orange, Dead Kennedys, Black Flag, Circle Jerks, Tsunami Bomb, Billy Bragg, Suicidal Tendencies, Smash Mouth, Descendents, The Dead Milkmen, MxPx, Minor Threat, Fastbacks and 7 Seconds as influences.


JVKE

Jacob Lawson, best known as JVKE or Jake (born March 3, 2001), is an American singer and songwriter. He is known mainly for his TikTok skit videos, one of which made him go viral in 2021. The platform was where he started showing his production and making of his songs, mainly with his mother. In July 2022, Lawson announced his biggest song yet, named "Golden Hour". He announced a music video for the song two months later.

Within a week of the songs release it became Lawson's first debut on the Billboard Hot 100 of which he topped at #71. His song also reached New Zealand of which it starred at #34 in the country.

Lawson was born on March 3, 2001 to his mother a public school music teacher and his father a pastor Lawson is related to Zachary Lawson, his brother of which is a Grammy-nominated producer. At an early age, Lawson joined a Catholic school in his city and later joined his hometown´s public high school of which he graduated.

In 2020, during the coronavirus quarantine JVKE and his family joined TikTok in the same year with his mother he announced the song "Upside Down." His song quickly blew up on the platform his following grew within it, the song is what the platform now considers a "Mega-Viral Song" the song went on to have a remix featuring Charlie Puth another growing artist at the time.

In September 2021, Lawson announced not only a song but an entire album that he'd produce called "This is What Falling In Love Feels Like," The first song of the album was the namesake of the name of the album followed by many other songs which continued being produced onto 2022, The album blew up like Upside Down on TikTok this time reached a higher popularity with the app growing since 2020 by the millions.

After the success of This is What Falling in Love Feels Like he announced Golden Hour in July and This is What Sadness Feels Feels Like to mark the one year anniversary of the album. A day later on 23 September 2022 he announced his debut album this is what ____ feels like From here Golden Hour started to get noticed by the general public, the song just from July to November ranked up nearly 25 million views his biggest hit yet.

Batter bread

Batter bread is bread made with a bigger liquid to flour ratio, so the dough is batter. It's very popular in the South.

Bread bowl

A bread bowl is a round loaf of bread which has the top cut off and the middle emptied to create a bowl. They are usually used for chili, and clam chowder. In 1427 an Irish nobleman created a bread bowl filled with soup to impress a British Duke. 

Sam Kinison

Samuel Burl Kinison (December 8, 1953 – April 10, 1992) was an American stand-up comedian and actor.

Kinison was born in Yakima, Washington to Marie Florence Morrow and Samuel Earl Kinison.

Kinison began his career in Houston, Texas.

Kinison stated comedians like George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce and Fred Rogers as influence.

Kinison acquired much of his material from his two marriages to Patricia Adkins and Terry Marze.

On April 10, 1992, he was driving his 1989 Pontiac Turbo Am, where he was struck on Needles Highway and around 4.3 miles northwest of Needles, California.

After his death, Kinison was fondly remembered by his friends and co-stars.


Chili con carne

Chili con carne (or just chili) is a spicy stew that has chili peppers, meat, tomatoes and beans. it originates from Texas or Northern Mexico.

Chili con carne is Spanish for "chili with meat".

The Hardest Part Is the Night

"The Hardest Part Is the Night" is a 1985 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and taken from their second studio album "7800° Fehrenheit". It went to number 68 in the United Kingdom and was their first UK single to chart.

Chris Koerts

Chris Koerts (10 December 1947 – 10 November 2022) was a Dutch guitarist, composer and record producer.

Koerts was born in Leiden in 1947 and spent part of his childhood in Indonesia. At the age of 14, Koerts started a duo with his twin brother Gerard Koerts called "The Singing Twins". In 1967 they founded the rock and pop band Earth and Fire. The first hit "Seasons" was written by George Kooymans but later the Koerts brothers started writing their own songs. The most successful one was "Weekend". In 1979 Koerts left the band and started studying musicology. There was a comeback tour in 1987. In 1988, the Koerts brothers returned as "Earth and Fire Orchestra" and released two albums ( and ). Together they also wrote and produced music for singer Anneke Grönloh and Kinderen voor Kinderen.

After his brother Gerard died in 2019, Chris Koerts died on 10 November 2022 at the age of 74 from a lung disease. 

Asian Americans in Nevada

Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US state of Nevada. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, Asian Americans were 9.1% of the state's population.

Roma people in Belgium

The Council of Europe estimates that there are around 30,000 Romani people living in Belgium (0.29% of the population).


Midnights

Midnights is the tenth studio album by American singer Taylor Swift. It was released on October 21, 2022.

The lead single, "Anti-Hero", was released the same day as the album. It entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number one and became Swift's ninth US number-one song.

"Midnights" debuted at the top of the "Billboard" 200 chart in the US with over 1.5 million copies sold in its first week there alone. It became the first album to sell over a million copies in its first week since Adele's "25" (2015). After the album's release, Swift became the first artist to chart within the entire top ten of the Hot 100.

List of Canadian artists

The following is a list of Canadian artists working in visual or plastic media (including 20th-century artists working in video art, performance art, or other types of new media). See other articles for information on Canadian literature, music, cinema and culture. For more specific information on the arts in Canada, see Canadian art.

The Artists in Canada Reference Library provides an in-depth list of Canadian artists and the museums who feature them. The following is a brief list of some important Canadian artists and groups of artists:





























Alphard

Alphard (designated Alpha Hydrae), is the brightest star in the constellation of Hydra. It is a single giant star, but is cooler than the Sun and larger and more luminous. The star is about 177 light years away from us.
The star has more designations in which of them include; Alfard, Alphart, Kalbelaphard, etc.

Yi Gwang-sik

Yi Gwang-sik(이광식;李光軾, 1493 - 1563) was Korean Joseon Dynastys politicians and general. chinese style name was Baikheum(백흠, 伯欽). he was korean one general commander, famed for his victories against the Japanese navy during war 'the Eulmyowaebyun'(을묘왜변) of 1555 in the Joseon Dynastys. 

He was born Gangreung in Province Gangwon. 1543 his title of Pyungando Byungma Jeoldosa (Hangul:평안도병마절도사, Hanja:平安道兵馬節度使), literally meaning "Naval Commander of the Pyungando Provinces," 1543 Manchuria was invasion of Pyungando, it was perhaps his most remarkable military achievement occurred at the negotiation. 1546 Byungjochampan(병조참판, 兵曹參判), 1548 reappointed Pyungando Pyungma Jeoldosa, 1555 Jeonrado Byungma Jeoldosa (Hangul:전라도병마절도사, Hanja:全羅道兵馬節度使).

when 1555 Japanese military was Korean 10 Castle in Jeonranamdo, in 'the Eulmyowaebyun'(을묘왜변). he was quickly led the victory of a small military numbers battle. prevented the spread of the war of ather country.


Sunny Day (TV series)

Sunny Day is an American animated series that aired on Nick Jr. through 2017 to 2020. It is about a hair stylist named Sunny (voiced by Lila Crawford) and her dog Doodle and her two best friends Rox (voiced by Élan Luz Rivera), who colors hair and Blair (voiced by Taylor Louderman), who paints nails.

Carolina Losada

Carolina Losada (born 16 December 1972) is an Argentine politician, television presenter and journalist.

She is engaged to fellow senator Luis Petcoff Naidenoff.

Second Coming (album)

Second Coming is the second and final studio album by The Stone Roses. The album was released on December 5, 1994.

Summer Breeze (song)

"Summer Breeze" is a 1972 song by American duo Seals and Crofts and is the title track from their fourth studio album "Summer Breeze". It went to number 6 in Canada and the United States, number 14 in New Zealand and number 16 in Australia.

In 1974, The Isley Brothers covered "Summer Breeze" and was taken from their 11th studio album "3 + 3". It went to number 16 in the United Kingdom and number 60 in the United States.

Drive-In Saturday

"Drive-In Saturday" is a 1973 glam rock song by David Bowie and is the second single from his sixth studio album "Aladdin Sane". It went the top three in the United Kingdom.

Man on the Corner

"Man on the Corner" is a 1982 song by Genesis and is the fourth and final single from their 11th studio album "Abacab". It went to number 40 in the United States and number 41 in the United Kingdom.

You Make Loving Fun

"You Make Loving Fun" is a 1977 song by British American band Fleetwood Mac and taken from their 11th studio album "Rumours". It made number 7 in Canada, number 9 in the United States, number 22 in the Netherlands, number 26 in New Zealand and number 45 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by Cyndi Lauper in 1984.

Poundcake (song)

"Poundcake" is a 1991 song by Van Halen and is the opening track from their ninth studio album "For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge". It topped the Billboard mainstream rock chart and also charted in Australia and the United Kingdom.

Charlotte Sometimes (song)

"Charlotte Sometimes" is a 1981 song by English gothic rock band The Cure and was released as a stand-alone single. It went to number 44 in the United Kingdom. It is based on the 1969 novel "Charlotte Sometimes" by Penelope Farmer.



52nd Street (album)

52nd Street is the sixth studio album by Billy Joel and released on 11 October, 1978 through Columbia Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States. It is a follow-up to his breakthrough album "The Stranger" and won 2 Grammy Awards.

All songs written and composed by Billy Joel.

Grimm's law

Grimm's law is the name for sound laws in Proto-Indo-Germanic languages. In the first century BC some sounds in these languages changed. The law is named after the German linguist Jacob Grimm who described these changes in the early 19th century.

It is known that almost all modern European languages originated in (grew out of) early Indo-European language. Proto-Indo-European (PIE) is the reconstructed common ancestor of these modern languages.

Grimm's law is sometimes called first Germanic sound shift. There also was a second Germanic sound shift, which mostly affected German dialects, and happened much later.

Jacob Grimm based his theory on Danish philologist Rasmus Christian Rask’s "essay On the Origin of the Icelandic Language". He examined the relationship between consonants in Germanic languages and other Indo-European languages such as Latin or French. The results of the change in consonants are still visible in English, Dutch, and the Scandinavian languages.

A chain shift is a series of interrelated sound changes. The assumption behind the chain shift is that all the phonemes of a language build a balanced system so that a change in one part of the system can cause changes in its other parts.

Many chain shifts are vowel shifts, because many sets of vowels are naturally arranged on a multi-value scale (e.g. vowel height or frontness). However, chain shifts can also occur in consonants. The modern word "apple" used to be pronounced with "b" (Gaulish "abalom" or Lithuanian "obuolỹs"), a change that occurred with Grimm's law.

Therefore, in terms of consonants, the shift from PIE to Proto-Germanic (PG) can be split into three stages:

The first group of voiceless stop consonants:

All the words that consisted of the presented consonants were affected by Grimm's law. Some words may have only undergone one or two of the changes, while others may have undergone all of them.
The impact of the first Germanic sound shift can be followed across most of the Germanic languages. We can see that many words are, due to the shift, similar (in sound and meaning). Grimm's law provides an insight into why and how core words sound so similar in Germanic languages, yet are in some respects quite distinct from other Indo-European languages:



These changes also could have created consonant clusters, as in words which contain two or more consonants:



It is not possible to exactly say, when it happened. Most people say that this was around 500 BC. This is because that are several loanwords, in Germanic languages, which do not occur before the 5th century BC. There are some examples, that the shift completed in the 1st century BC.


Sven-Bertil Taube

Sven-Bertil Gunnar Evert Taube, (24 November 1934 – 11 November 2022) was a Swedish singer and actor. He was the son of Evert Taube. Taube died in London on 11 November 2022 at age 87.

2004–05 Austrian Cup

The 2004–05 Austrian Cup was the 71st season of the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 

FK Austria Wien:Szabolcs Sáfár – Rabiu Afolabi, Fernando Troyansky, Saša Papac, Ernst Dospel, Libor Sionko, Jocelyn Blanchard, Didier Dheedene, Sebastian Mila (56. Richard Kitzbichler), Ivica Vastić (83. Radosław Gilewicz), Sigurd Rushfeldt (89. Radosław Gilewicz).
coach :Peter Stöger

SK Rapid Wien:Helge Payer – Ferdinand Feldhofer, György Garics (70. Axel Lawarée), Thomas Burgstaller (62. Andreas Dober), Markus Hiden (46. Jiři Lenko), György Korsos, Andreas Ivanschitz, Steffen Hofmann, Sebastián Martínez, Florian Sturm, Marek Kincl.
coach:Josef Hickersberger

Honduran brook frog

The Honduran brook frog ("Duellmanohyla salvavida") is a frog. It lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 90 and 1400 m above sea level in Honduras in rainforests.

The adult male frog is 25.1-28 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 34 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is green in color, light or dark. The belly is yellow. There is a white stripe on the face underneath the eye. The stripe goes down the side of the body. There is a whitish spot above the place where the legs meet the body. The insides of the legs are light yellow in color. The iris of the eye is red in color.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Human beings change the places where it lives. They cut down trees to make farms and towns. Droughts can kill this frog. Floods can kill this frog. Other animals, including some animals brought to the area by humans by accident can eat this frog. Climate change can kill this frog because there is more ultraviolet light. Diseases kill this frog. For example, the fungal disease chytridiomycosis can kill this frog.

The scientific name of this frog, "salvavida", means "lifesaver." The scientists named it after a Honduran beer called Salvavida.

Ayyubid Sultanate

The Ayyubid Sultanate (Arabic: الأيوبيون "al-Ayyūbīyūn"; Kurdish: ئەیووبیەکان, Eyûbiyan) wss dynasty of Kurdish origin that ruled Egypt, Syria, the Jazira and the Yemen in the 12th and 13th centuries. The name of the dynasty is attributed to Ayyub b. Shadhi, the father of Saladin. The Ayyūbids played a significant role in the history of the region, notably ending Fatimid, uniting Syria and Egypt, and defeating the Crusaders. 
Saladin, founder of the dynasty, was Kurdish and the former vizier of Fatimid Caliphate.

Bosworth states that the Ayyubids belonged to the Hadhbani tribe of the Kurds, but argues that the Ayyubids were considerably Arabized. Humphreys also identifies Saladin as a Kurd and the Ayyubids as a Kurdish family, but argues that the Ayyubids were not specifically a Kurdish state, and that at the level of political structure, the governing attitudes of the Ayyubid confederation were not significantly different from those of previous Arab states such as the Abbasids and Fatimids, which can certainly be attributed to the political institutions of their original homeland, Humphreys as well as taking into account Minorsky's speculations on the "Arab origins" of the Ayyubids. Tabaa, on the other hand, argues that over time the Ayyubids drastically moved away from their Kurdish origins and became decidedly Arabised. 

Various medieval historians spoke of Saladin's Kurdishness:

Minhaj-i Siraj Juzjani (1193–1266) at Tabaqāt-i Nâṣiri: 

The Chronography of Bar Habraeus (1225–1286):

Ibn Khallikan (1211–1282) at Wafayat al-Ayan:



Bromeliohyla

Bromeliohyla, the bromeliad tree frogs, is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. Scientists made this genus in 2005 when they looked at all the Hylidae frogs again. The first two species they put in this genus had been in "Hyla". They are found in tropical southern Mexico, Belize, Guatemala, and northern Honduras.

There are three species in this genus:

Stars Are Blind

"Stars Are Blind" is a song recorded by American socialite Paris Hilton for her debut studio album, "Paris" (2006). It was released as the lead single from the album on June 5, 2006, by Warner Bros. Records. The song was written by Fernando Garibay, Sheppard Solomon and Ralph McCarthy. It was produced by Garibay with extra production by Solomon. Jennifer Karr was the vocal arranger and background vocalist for the song. 










Wang Film Productions

Wang Film Productions Co., Ltd. (also known as Hong Guang Animation (宏廣) and Cuckoos' Nest Studio) is a Taiwanese-American animation studio since 1978.

George and Martha

Geroge and Martha is a Canadian and American animated children's educational television series. It is based on the books Produced by Wild Things Productions And Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited and In Association with YTV 

Rainbow Brite (TV series)

Rainbow Brite is a 1997-2017 Canadian French and American animated children's educational television series on Nickelodeon. It was co-produced by Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited French Animation Studio Medialab Studio LA and In Association With Nickelodeon Animation Studio and In Co-production With Canal J and TiJi and Produced In Association With TVOKids SCN Knowledge Kids and Access 

American Greetings

American Greetings Corporation is an American company. It is the world's second largest greeting card producer.

Holly Hobbie & Friends (co-produced) with Nickelodeon Animation Studio

Strawberry Shortcake (co-produced) with DIC Entertainment

Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Betty Adventures (co-produced) with Moonscoop Entertainment (seasons 1-3) and Splash Entertainment (season 4)


Hotel Transylvania: The Series

Hotel Transylvania: The Series is a Canadian-American animated children's television series. It was produced by Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited and Sony Pictures Animation in association with Cours Entertainment and The Walt Disney Company.

Redwall (TV series)

Redwall was a Canadian/French/German animated television series. It was based on the book series Co-Produced by Canadian studio Nelvana Limited and French animation studio Ahlpanim (Season 1) and German Animation Studio TV-Loonland AG (Season 2-3) and with the participation of Teletoon and In Co-production With France 3 (Season 1) and France 2 (Season 1). It aired from 1999 to 2002

Ned's Newt

Ned's Newt is a Canadian/German animated children's educational television series. It was Co-Produced by Nelvana and TMO-Loonland Film GMBH And In Co-production with Studio B Productions (Season 2) and With the Participation of Teletoon. It ran for 3 seasons. From 1997 to 1999

Rescue Heroes (TV series)

Resuce Heroes is a 1999-2002 Canadian animated television series produced by Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited American Company Fisher-Price and Chinese American Studio Shzou Hong Ying Animation (Season 1) with the participation of Teletoon and Qubo.

Marvin the Tap-Dancing Horse

Marvin The Tap Dancing Horse is a 2000-02 Canadian/Chinese animated television series. It was co-produced by Nelvana Limited and Shzou Hong Ying Animation with the participation of Teletoon and PBS Kids.

Qubo streamed episodes of Marvin the tap dancing horse.

Portfolio Entertainment

Portfolio Entertainment is a Canadian television production and movie distribution company.


Pirates: Adventures in Art

Pirates: Adventures in Art (French: Pirates: Chercheurs d'art) is a Canadian computer-animated musical children's television series. It was produced by DHX Media. In Spanish is "Los piratas y sus aventuras coloridas."



Busytown Mysteries

Busytown Mysteries is a 2007-10 Canadian animated children's educational television series. It was produced by Cookie Jar Group with Kids CBC.

Heath, Massachusetts

Heath is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Leverett, Massachusetts

Leverett is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Leyden, Massachusetts

Leyden is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Monroe, Massachusetts

Monroe is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Montague, Massachusetts

Montague is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

New Salem, Massachusetts

New Salem is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Northfield, Massachusetts

Northfield is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Orange, Massachusetts

Orange is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Rowe, Massachusetts

Rowe is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Shelburne, Massachusetts

Shelburne is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Shutesbury, Massachusetts

Shutesbury is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Sunderland, Massachusetts

Sunderland is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Warwick, Massachusetts

Warwick is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Wendell, Massachusetts

Wendell is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Whately, Massachusetts

Whately is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.

Blandford, Massachusetts

Blandford is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Brimfield, Massachusetts

Brimfield is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Chester, Massachusetts

Chester is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Granville, Massachusetts

Granville is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Klaas Samplonius

Klaas Samplonius (17 September 1947 – 11 November 2022) was a Dutch journalist and radio presenter.

Samplonius started his career at the Zwolse Courant in 1965. He later worked for newspapers "Trouw" and "Algemeen Dagblad". From the early 1970s, Samplonius mainly worked for radio, initially at Radio North Sea International and later at AVRO, NOS and TROS.

Samplonius was best known for presenting the program ' (and was a member of the first editorial staff) and his presentation of sports programs including as ' and "". Since 1985, he had management positions at the TROS. In 1993 he started as a presenter and editor-in-chief at the current affairs program "2Vandaag". From 2007 to 2010 he was director of RTV Drenthe. He also regularly participated in radio programs of the NTR. On his retirement he was became Knight in the Order of Orange Nassau.

Samplonius died on 11 November 2022, aged 75.

Club at the End of the Street

"Club at the End of the Street" is a 1990 song by Elton John and taken from his 22nd studio album "Sleeping with the Past". It went to number 12 in Canada, number 19 in Australia, number 24 in Belgium and France, number 27 in Ireland and number 28 in the Netherlands and the United States.

7-inch and CD single

12-inch maxi

7-inch and CD single (UK edition)

American Dragon: Jake Long

American Dragon Jake Long was a 2005-07 American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. It aired on Disney Channel 

Toon-A-Vision

Toon-A-Vision is a Canadian English language television channel. It is owned by Atlantic Digital Networks.

CKVU-DT

CKVU-DT (channel 10) is a television station in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Don't Let Me Down (The Beatles song)

"Don't Let Me Down" is a 1969 song by The Beatles and is the A-side to Get Back. It was recorded during the Let It Be sessions. It went to number 35 in the United States.

ABC Kids (Australia)

ABC Kids is the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's part-time channel. It airs shows between 5am and 7:30pm for children 2 to 7 years old in each local Australian channel.


Disney Junior (Southeast Asian TV channel)

Disney Junior (formerly Playhouse Disney) was a Southeast Asian pay television preschool channel. It is owned by The Walt Disney Company Southeast Asia. The channel is for children between the ages 2 to 7 years old. Its programming includes original television series and both made-for-DVD movies and movies shown in theaters. The channel also broadcast programming made by other companies. Some of these programs were first broadcast on PBS Kids in the United UnitedStates.

The name "Disney Junior" has also been used for early morning program block on the Southeast Asian Disney Channel until 31 July 2018. The channel end operations at the end of 2021.

Disney Channel (Dutch TV channel)

Disney Channel is the Dutch edition based on the American channel of the same name. It is owned by the Walt Disney Company.

CITY-DT

CITY-DT (channel 57) is a television station in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Never Ride

"Never Ride", is a 2022 single by a South African record producer professionally known as Mashbeatz, it became a sleeper hit; going viral on a video sharing platform TikTok a week after its release. The single features vocals from Maglera Doe Boy and .

Subsequent to its release, the single was featured on Spotify commercials and its visualizer surpassed 1 million views on YouTube in a month, it was certified Gold by The Recording Industry of South Africa and it peaked at number 16 on The Official South African Charts. The success of the single led fans to question the producer if whether there would be a remix or not and Mashbeatz felt it was only adequate to release the remix of the song.

Keke Geladze

Ekaterine Giorgis asuli Geladze (5 February 1858 – 4 June 1937), commonly known as "Keke", was the mother of Joseph Stalin.

Waters Braman

Waters Whipple Braman (April 20, 1840 – December 8, 1893) was an American politician, soldier, and businessman.

Waters Braman was born on April 20, 1840 in Troy, New York. His father was Horace Braman, and his mother was Caroline Braman. His mother's maiden name was Whipple. Braman went to common schools in Troy, and Troy High School. Braman left school when he was 17 years old, and he started to practice in the lumber business. In 1860, Braman made Belkman & Braman, who sold lumber.

In 1861, the American Civil War started, and Braman sold out his business interest and joined the army. In Autumn 1861, Braman helped choose volunteer soldiers. On December 7, 1861, Braman was mustered into the army. On January 15, 1862, Braman was commissioned as a First Lieutenant in Company C of the 93rd New York Infantry Regiment. Braman fought in almost all battles fought by the Army of the Potomac. Braman was shot many times, but he never stopped being a soldier because of it, or go to a hospital. During the Battle of the Wilderness, Braman was shot around five times. Three of the shots hit his clothes, but only two shots hit his skin, and one shot bent his sword. He was also shot with a shell on his ankle. On March 23, 1864, Braman was promoted to Captain of company H in the 93rd New York Regiment. Braman was mustered out of the military on February 14, 1865 because his term expired. On October 17, 1866, Braman was brevetted Major for being brave.

After the civil war ended, Braman started to sell lumber again. Braman was a member of the New York State Senate in 1874 and 1875. Braman was also a member of the Senate in 1880 and 1881. Braman was a Republican.

When Braman was 5 years old, his mother died. After she died, her brother took care of Waters until Waters was married. On October 26, 1865, Braman married Margaret J. Getty in West Troy, and they had ten children. Braman died on December 8, 1893 in Trois-Rivières.

Pedro Henrique of Orléans-Braganza

Pedro Henrique, Prince of Brazil (13 September 1909, Boulogne-Billancourt, France – 5 July 1981 Vassouras, Brazil), was the late Prince and Head of the Imperial House of Brazil according to the Vassouras branch claim and pretense "de jure" Emperor of Brazil as Pedro III. 

His claim to the Brazilian throne and the headship of the Imperial House was challenged by his cousin Pedro Gastão, Prince of Brazil. He considered Prince Pedro de Alcântara's renounce to has no legal validation, but Pedro Henrique's legitimacy was nonetheless widely recognized by the Brazilian monarchists and international royalty and confirmed by the Brazilian Monarchical Directory, the official monarchist organ in Brazil, as for the monarchist action movement called Patrianovismo.

During his lifetime he was actively engaged in promote the monarchist cause in Brazil.

Luís, Prince Imperial of Brazil

Luís, Prince Imperial of Brazil (26 January 1878 – 26 March 1920), was a Prince of the Empire of Brazil and heir to the Brazilian throne until his death. He was born in Brazil during his grandfather's reign as the second son of Prince Gaston, Count of Eu, and Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil.

He was exiled along with his family as the result of the 1889 coup d'état that resulted in the formation of the republic. In 1908, the year he married, his older brother Pedro renounced his claim to succeed his mother in her claim to the imperial throne, leaving "Dom" Luís as her heir. In this role he worked with monarchists in Brazil in several attempts to restore the monarchy. At the outbreak of World War I he enlisted as an officer with the British Armed Forces and saw action in Flanders where he contracted a virulent form of rheumatism that caused his death at the age of 42. His efforts on behalf of the Allies of World War I saw him decorated by Belgium, France and Great Britain.

Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil

Isabel (29 July 1846 – 14 November 1921), nicknamed "the Redemptress", was Regent of the Empire of Brazil and titular Empress as successor to her father, the last reigning Emperor Pedro II. She was heiress presumptive to the Brazilian throne, bearing the title of Princess Imperial until 1891 when her father, deposed in 1889 in a military coup d'état, died and she was recognized as his successor by the countries who still did not acknowledged the First Brazilian Republic as well as by a large sector of the Brazilian society. 
Isabel was born in Rio de Janeiro, the eldest daughter of Emperor Pedro II and Empress Teresa Cristina, and thus she was a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza (Portuguese: "Bragança"). After the deaths of her two brothers in infancy, she was recognized as her father's heiress presumptive. She married a French prince, Gaston, Count of Eu, in an arranged marriage and they had three sons.

During her father's absences abroad, Isabel acted as regent. In her third and final regency, she actively promoted and ultimately signed a law, named "Lei Áurea" or the Golden Law, emancipating all slaves in Brazil. Even though the action was broadly popular, there was strong opposition to her succession to the throne by the conservative elites. Her gender, strong Catholic faith and marriage to a foreigner were seen as impediments against her. The emancipation of the slaves generated dislike among powerful planters. In 1889, her family was deposed in a military coup. Then she spent the last 30 years of her life in exile in France.

Via Anelli

The Viale Anelli is a street in the center Milan. It is less than 800 meters on foot from Piazza del Duomo, begins in Viale Beatrice d'Este and ends in Via Quadronno. It is a street known for the block of the so-called "seven streets." It is characterized by the presence of design masterpieces created by Gualtiero Galmanini, Gian Carlo Malchiodi, Guido Maffezzoli and look at the Palaces of Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani including the Abstract House. Via Anelli is part of the Quadronno district.

The street is named after the poet Luigi Anelli. It is part of a residential area historically inhabited by the upper middle class and the Milanese aristocracy.

Among the Italian design buildings in the avenue:


The street offers a view of:



Do You Want to Know a Secret

"Do You Want to Know a Secret" is a 1963 song by The Beatles and taken from their debut studio album "Please Please Me". It went to number 2 in New Zealand and the United States and number 34 in Germany. It was covered in the United Kingdom by Billy J. Kramer with the Dakotas.

Disney's Hercules

Disney's Hercules or Disney's Hercules Action Game (in Europe titled Disney's Action Games Featuring Hercules) is an platform action video game for the PlayStation, and Windows home consoles. The PlayStation version was released by Virgin Interactive in July 1997, and another game version for Game Boy by THQ released at the same year. The game is based on movie of the same name by Walt Disney Pictures.

ESO 325-G004

ESO 325-G004 is a giant elliptical galaxy which is located about 416 million light years away in the constellation of Centaurus. The galaxy also is located in a galaxy cluster known as Abell S740 in the same constellation.

The galaxy has an apparent magnitude of 13.89. It only has one another designation which is "2MASX J13433318-3810336".

A Factory Sample

A Factory Sample is a 7-inch double sampler EP. It was released in January 1979 by Factory Records of Manchester, England.









Kenny Solomon

Kenneth Terence Solomon (born 8 October 1979), is the first-ever South African chess Grandmaster to get the title without reaching the required rating of 2500. He is currently the only Grandmaster from the country and second in Sub-Sahara.


Jocelyn Blanchard

Jocelyn Blanchard (born 28 May 1972 in Béthune/Pas-de-Calais) is a former French footballer who played as midfielder.
He started his professional football career at US Dunkerque. Then he moved to FC Metz in the first French league. He was so so successful that he was signed by the Italian record champions Juventus Turin where he played next season alongside stars such as Zinédine Zidane and Didier Deschamps. After one season he went back to France to RC Lens. After four seasons in Lens he went in summer 2003 to Austria Wien. Blanchard developed into a leading player and undisputed team captain at Wiener Austria.

In the 2005/06 season he was voted the best player in the Austrian Bundesliga. This season he also celebrated the championship title and cup victory with Austria. Austria also won the Austrian Cup with Blanchard in the 2004/05, 2006/07 and 2008/09 seasons. 2009 it was announced that the contract would not be extended.

Blanchard then moved to SK Austria Kärnten for the 2009/10 season. In the championship game on February 20, 2010 against his ex-club Austria Wien, he fractured his ankle. At the end of the season, Blanchard left the club, which filed for bankruptcy on June 14, 2010.
Blanchard was sporting director of RC Lens from 2011 till 2019.2019 he was sporting director of RFC Seraing. Since 2020 he has this position with USL Dunkerque USL Dunkerque. 

Dactyl (moon)

Dactyl (designated (243) Ida I Dactyl) is a tiny asteroid moon which is 1.6 km in diameter and orbits the asteroid 243 Ida in the asteroid belt. It was first imaged by the Galileo spacecraft on August 28, 1993; Dactyl was discovered while examining the delayed image downloads from the Galileo spacecraft on February 17, 1994. It was provisionally designated S/1993 (243) 1. The small moon was named after the mythical creatures called dactyls who lived on Mount Ida according to Greek mythology.

Dactyl orbits the asteroid, Ida, with a period of 1.54 days at an average distance of 108 km, with an inclination of 9° to Ida's equator.

Dactyl was the first asteroid moon discovered. Its discovery settled the long discuss over the existence of asteroid moons.

The origins of Dactyl are unclear, but two main hypotheses exist. The first is that Dactyl and Ida formed at the same time, and the second is that Dactyl was knocked loose by a later impact.

Mehran Karimi Nasseri

Mehran Karimi Nasseri (1945-12 November 2022) was an Iranian refugee who became known for living in the transit section of Paris Charles de Gaulle airport, for 18 years. On a trip to London, he lost his passport when he changed in Paris. Because he had no passport, he was sent back to Paris. Between 1988 and 2006 he lived at the airport.

His autobiography was published as a book. At least one movie was made about him

Nasseri died of heart attack on 12 November 2022, at the age of 76, at Charles de Gaulle Airport.

Cult of personality

Sometimes, governments create idealized images of people. Very often, these people are current or former leaders of the country. What will then result is a cult of personality, or cult of the leader. Techniques such as mass media, propaganda, fake news, spectacle, the arts and patriotism are used to create this image. The leader is shown as a hero, with few or no negative traits. Social engineering is also used very often, especially in sta in one-party states and dominant-party states. A cult of personality often accompanies the leader of a totalitarian or authoritarian countries. It can also be seen in some monarchies, theocracies, and failed democracies.

Bariba language

Baatonum, also known as Bariba (also Baatombu, Baatonu, Barba, Baruba, Berba and many other names and spellings), is the language of the Bariba people of Benin and Nigeria. It was the language of the state of Borgu.

Brazilian imperial family

The Brazilian imperial family ruled the Empire of Brazil between 1822 and 1889, from the Independence of Brazil, who was later acclaimed emperor as Pedro I of Brazil, until the deposition of Pedro II during the Proclamation of the Republic, in 1889.

The Orléans and Bragança family, maternally descended from the Brazilian branch of the House of Bragança and paternally from the French house of Orléans, is considered by monarchists to be the current Brazilian imperial family.

10,000 Days (Tool album)

10,000 Days is the fourth studio album by American rock band Tool. It was released in April 2006. It went to number one on the "Billboard" 200 music chart, and sold over 500,000 copies in its first week. The album was double platinum certified by the RIAA. 

The album had three singles: "Vicarious", "The Pot", and "Jambi". "10,000 Days" was Tool's last album for over ten years. The band did not release their next album, "Fear Inoculum," until 2019.

KCTS-TV

KCTS-TV (channel 9) is a PBS member television station in Seattle, Washington, United States. It is owned by Cascade Public Media.


Berba language

Berba, also known as Biali, Bieri, Bjeri, Bjerbe or Bialaba, is a language of Benin.

Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria

Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria (19 March 1751 – 15 October 1767) was an Archduchess of Austria as the daughter of Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor and Maria Theresa of Austria. She died due to smallpox at the age of 16.
Maria Josepha was born on 19 March 1767 in Austria. She was the daughter of Maria Theresa of Austria and Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor.

She was meant to be the wife of Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, but she died due to smallpox before she could marry him. She is buried at the Imperial Crypt in Vienna.

Big Nate (TV series)

Big Nate is an Canadian computer-animated streamingtelevision series It was developed by Mitch Watson. The series is based on the comic strip and book series of the same name by Lincoln Peirce. It is about the adventures of the title character and his friends in sixth grade.

The series was first broadcast on TVOKids on February 17, 2022. In March 2022, the series was renewed for a second season. The Series is Produced By Canada Based-Studio Nelvana In Association with TVOKids Access, (S1-2) Knowledge Network SCN (S1-2) Yoopa (S3) and Bell Media (S3)

CKAL-DT

CKAL-DT (channel 5) is a television station. It is in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It is part of the Citytv network. It is owned and operated by Rogers Sports & Media.

Famous 5: On the Case

Famous 5: On The Case is an animated television series. It was co-produced by Nelvana and Marathon Media In Co-production With France 3 and With the Participation of Disney Channel France/The Walt Disney Company France

Categorization

Categorization is the fact that people recognize similarities of different things, and put these things into groups, called categories. Categorization is one of the most fundamental cognitive abilities. As such it is studied by psychologists and people interested in behaviour. People form these categories either because of other things they know (pre-existing knowledge), or by comparing them with other similar entities. 

While the categories use in science rarely have exceptions, categories in everyday life often do. 

As an example: Neither Rheas nor ostriches can fly, yet even children will classify them as birds. 

Today, scientists tell us that other animals, such as the great apes, horses or even doves have the ability to form categories. 

Nothing in This World

"Nothing in This World" is a song by American socialite Paris Hilton from her debut studio album "Paris" (2006). It was released as the second and final single from the album on August 28, 2006, by Warner Bros. Records. The song was written and produced by Lukasz "Dr. Luke" Gottwald, with additional writing by Sheppard Solomon. It is a pop, pop rock and R&B song about love. It did not chart well compared to Hilton's debut single "Stars Are Blind".




Gyppe

The existence of a Roma people (Romniti)-inhabited land called Gyppe (Little Egypt) near the town of Modon in the Peloponnese in 1384, once a port of transit for pilgrims en route to the holy sites, in the Middle Ages is the origin of the name Gypsy. It is not known as to why people from Indian Punjab moved to the Balkans, there are many theories of speculative nature. One of the theories is that the people of Indian origins settled in Egypt, then resettle to the Peloponnese, Greece. They have been colloquially known as »Gypsies«.

We'll Be Back

"We'll Be Back" is a song by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It is the main single for the band's sixteenth album, "The Sick, the Dying... and the Dead!". It was released on June 23, 2022. It was the first song from the album to be played at a concert.

A music video was made for the song. It is a part of a series of three music videos for "The Sick, the Dying... and the Dead!" that tell a story about Vic Rattlehead. The video shows many military gun battles. The music video was made by Dave Mustaine, the band's singer.

The music video is the first one with James LoMenzo on it since "Head Crusher".

List of Virtual Console games for Wii (South Korea)

Games were released on the last and third to last Tuesdays of every month. If that day was a public holiday, it was moved to Wednesday. Nintendo of Korea announced games a week before release. The last game was released in April 2009.

Nintendo ended the Wii Shop Channel on January 31, 2019. Wii Points could not be bought from March 26, 2018.

This is a list of all 40 Virtual Console games released for the Wii in South Korea, sorted by system and release date.

23 games were available.
13 games were available.
4 games were available.

Pickleball

Pickleball is an American sport created in 1965. It was originally a backyard game for kids in Washington State, USA. It is similar to tennis, table tennis, and paddleball.

Players use solid paddles to hit a perforated and hollow ball. The equipment limits how hard and far they can hit it.

Here are the basic rules:
The ball must be served underhanded and to the opponent's opposite service court to the one you are serving from. The ball must not bounce on your side.

Only the serving side scores. You must alternate sides when serving. The server serves until the serving side faults. You must hit at least one ground-stroke before approaching the net to volley.

The first side to 11 points, with at least a two-point lead, wins. If both teams reach 10 at the same time then the game will continue until 15. This could go up to 21 points if one side still fails to get a points lead. The scoring of pickleball can also help to determine the sides in case you are playing as doubles. As you know, whenever a team scores, both teams switch court sides with each other. So, if your score is Even you must have to be on the court where you started the game and if the score is in Odd you must be in the other court.

Turn It Up (Paris Hilton song)

"Turn It Up" is a song by American socialite Paris Hilton from her self-titled debut studio album "Paris" (2006). The song was written by Jeff Bowden, Dorian Hardnett and Scott Storch.






Mario Kart Tour

Mario Kart Tour is a mobile game in the Mario Kart series. Like Super Mario Run, it is free to download from the App Store and Google Play. The game reuses many assets from Mario Kart 7 and Mario Kart 8, as well as gameplay mechanics such as gliding, underwater driving, character-specific and unique items. In addition, the game introduces some new features to the Mario Kart franchise, such as reversed courses, trick courses, and the ability to deploy a large amount of any item during a race, including blue or red shells and bullet bills.

The game was first announced during a briefing on January 31, 2018. On April 23, 2019, Nintendo opened applications for participating in a beta test of the game to Android users in North America and Japan, which began on May 22, 2019, and ended on June 4, 2019. The game officially launched for iOS, iPadOS, and Android devices on September 25, 2019, in 163 territories. Users who pre-registered acquired the game a day early. A Nintendo account is required for it to be playable.

On October 31, 2019, Nintendo announced the first multiplayer beta test exclusive to Gold Pass members, which began on December 18th, 2019 at 11:00 p.m. (PT) and ended on December 26th, 2019 at 9:59 p.m. (PT). On January 21, 2020, Nintendo announced a second multiplayer beta test for all players, regardless of whether they have a Gold Pass subscription or not, which began on January 22, 2020, at 11:00 p.m. (PT) and ended on January 28, 2020, at 9:59 p.m. (PT). The second multiplayer beta test allowed players to play with each other in their immediate vicinity based on their device's location data. Finally, on March 2, 2020, Nintendo announced that multiplayer would officially be implemented into the game on March 8, 2020 at 8:00 p.m. (PT).

Yoshi (video game)

Yoshi is a puzzle video game for the NES and Game Boy. It features Yoshi, the titular character. It is known in Europe and Australia as Mario & Yoshi and in Japan as Yoshi no Tamago (ヨッシーのたまご, lit. "Yoshi's Egg").

In this game, players must stack two of the same Mario enemy on top of another to clear them.

The NES version of this game was later released on the Virtual Console for the Wii in 2007, the Nintendo 3DS in 2011-2012, and the Wii U in 2013. It was also made available as one of the 20 NES titles at the Nintendo Switch Online's service launch in September 2018.

Dr. Luke

Lukasz Sebastian Gottwald (born September 26, 1973), known professionally as Dr. Luke, Tyson Trax, and Made in China, is an American record producer and songwriter. He has worked with a wide range of artists and is best known for having started American singer and rapper Kesha's music career.

Grammy Awards

ASCAP Pop Music Awards


The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!

Super Mario Bros. Super Show!, also simply known as Super Mario and Super Mario Brothers, is the first cartoon of DIC Entertainment's Super Mario trilogy, aired between September and December of 1989; it was the only one to be produced directly for syndication. 

The show featured live-action segments in which Mario and Luigi (played by Lou Albano and Danny Wells respectively), living in their basement workshop in Brooklyn, were often visited by various celebrity guest stars. Also featured were cartoons based on the first and second Super Mario Bros. games, where the Mario brothers teamed up with Princess Peach (then known as Princess Toadstool) and Toad to battle King Koopa and his forces to save the many lands of the world. 

The Super Mario Bros. cartoons were shown on Mondays through Thursdays only; on Fridays, the show would air cartoons based on the animated Legend of Zelda series. In 1990, the show was retooled and aired under the name Club Mario, combining the animated segments with new live-action.

I Saw Her Standing There

"I Saw Her Standing There" is a 1963 song by The Beatles and was taken from their debut studio album "Please Please Me". It is the A-side to "I Want to Hold Your Hand" and went to number 1 in Australia, Canada, Denmark and New Zealand. It was covered by Tiffany for her debut studio album in 1988. It went to number 3 in New Zealand, number 4 in Canada and Ireland, number 7 in the United States, number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 10 in Australia

Right Now (Van Halen song)

"Right Now" is a 1992 song by Van Halen and taken from their ninth studio album "For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge". It went to number 55 in the United States and went to number 2 in Billboard mainstream rock chart.

Emilie Pine

Emilie Pine (born 1977 ) is an Irish writer and academic. She teaches modern drama at University College Dublin (UCD). Her book, "Notes to self", is six essays about events in her private life.

Pine was born in 1977. She lived in Dublin before she moved with her family to London. 

She returned Ireland to finish her education at Trinity College. While teaching at UCD, she has written books about difficulties in Ireland and how people remember those events.

Up to 2019, Pine had been writing books on true educational stories. She wrote the book, "Notes to self", about her private stories. The book is a collection of essays about her own life. The subjects include infertility and miscarriages, eating problems, alcoholism, divorce, forced sex, being poor and body hair. Josefin Holmström said in "Svenska Dagbladet" that Pine's book showed a new way of talking about private female things. The book won the 2018 Irish Book of the Year prize from An Post . 

Before 2022, Pine stopped teaching for a year to write her book "Ruth & Pen." It is a fictional story about two women over one day. The story is written in the same way Joyce 's "Ulysses" book was written about events that happened in one day.



Marburg virus

Marburg virus is a hemorrhagic fever virus of the "Filoviridae" family of viruses. 

Bromeliad tree frog

The Bromeliad tree frog ("Bromeliohyla bromeliacia") is a frog. It lives in Belize and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 350 and 1790 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.1 - 29.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.0 - 36.0 mm long. The skin of the frog's back can change color. During the day, it is brown or yellow-brown, and it gets lighter at night. It does not have marks or stripes. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with some black marks. The belly is whitish in color.

The female frog lays eggs underwater in bromeliad plants.

This frog is not in danger of dying out. But human beings change the places where it lives. Droughts cause problems for this frog because the frog does well when things are wet.

KSNT

KSNT is a TV station in Topeka Kansas on channel 27 owned by Nexstar Media Group. 


Weekdays & Weeknights







Weekends




Troy High School (New York)

Troy High School is a public high school in Troy, New York. It is the only high school in Troy.

David English (cricketer)

David Stuart English, CBE (4 March 1946 – 12 November 2022) was a British charity fundraiser, cricketer, actor, writer. He was also the former president of RSO Records. He was appointed MBE in the 2003 Birthday Honours, and CBE in the 2010 Birthday Honours for services to cricket and charity.

English wrote two autobiographies;


Mayor of San Francisco

The Mayor of the City and County of San Francisco is the head of the executive branch of the San Francisco city and county government.

There have been 44 mayors of San Francisco from 1850, when California became a state, until 2023.

Oben am jungen Rhein

"Oben am jungen Rhein" (; "Over the young Rhein") is the national anthem of Liechtenstein. It uses the same tune as the British national anthem, "God Save the King".

Usually, the first and last verses are sung.

Ons Heemecht

"Ons Heemecht" (formerly spelt "Ons Hémecht"; ; "Our Homeland") is the national anthem of Luxembourg.

Only the first and last verses make up the national anthem.

L-Innu Malti

"L-Innu Malti" ("The Hymn of Malta") is the national anthem of Malta. It is written like a prayer to God.

Evening in November

Evening in November (also known as Vespero di Novembre) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted 178 x 103 centimetres in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1891, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 195).



Impending storm

'Impending storm (also known as Bufera Imminente") is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1890, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 268).


Hymne monégasque

The "Hymne Monégasque" (; "Monegasque Hymn") is the national anthem of Monaco. The lyrics were written by Louis Notari and the music was composed by Charles Albrecht.

Seascape (Filippini)

Seascape (also known as Marina) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1882, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan since 1931 (inv. n. 4543).

The work is connected to Filippini's 1882 ""La Grande Marina"", also in the collection of the GAM Museum - Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. No. 4544).



Scirocco in Venice Lagoon

Scirocco in Venice Lagoon (also known as Scirocco in laguna) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil 75.5 x 45 centimetres by Francesco Filippini. It was painted in 1882, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Pinacoteca Nazionale di Bologna.


Autumn (Filippini)

Autumn (also known as Autunno) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted 83 x 142 centimetres in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1875, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Museum Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo in Brescia.


Lombard countryside

Lombard Countryside or Country Symphony (also known as Campagna Lombarda or Paesaggio Lombardo) is a 20th-century late filippinism painted 93 x 140 centimetres in oil by Umberto Boccioni. It was painted in 1908, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Art Museum of Italian Switzerland in Lugano.

The painting Lombard Countrysid by Boccioni it was inspired by the works of Francesco Filippini, The Brook and Mattino di novembre a Ligurno, and is part of the artistic movement of "Filippinism movement".



November morning in Ligurno

November morning in Ligurno (also known as Mattino di novembre a Ligurno) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted in 1885, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of Brera Academy and subsequently bought by the Galleria d'arte moderna di Milano (inv. n. 265).

Francesco Filippini's painting "November morning in Ligurno" inspired the work Lombard countryside of the futurist master Umberto Boccioni.

The work was exhibited at the Exhibition of the Società Promotrice of Fine Arts in Turin of 1885, together with two other paintings by Filippini First Snows and Gray weather.



Base unit (measurement)

A base unit is a unit of measurement that is not derived from others. An example is the metre in the metric system.


Grandmother and children (Filippini)

The Grandmother and grandchildren (also known as La nonna e i nipotini ) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted 37 x 60.5 centimetres in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted in 1887, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Art and History of Brescia (inv. n. 1254, 302123487).



The Banner of Freedom

"The Banner of Freedom" (, ) is the national anthem of Samoa. The lyrics and music was created by Sauni Iiga Kuresa. The anthem was adopted in 1962.

Ko e fasi ʻo e tuʻi ʻo e ʻOtu Tonga

"Ko e fasi ʻo e Tuʻi ʻo e ʻOtu Tonga" (; "Song of the King of the Tongan Islands"), commonly called "Fasi Fakafonua" ("National Anthem"), is the national anthem of Tonga.

The music in Western music notation and the , or Tongan music notation:

If It's Lovin' that You Want

"If It's Lovin' That You Want" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her debut studio album, "Music of the Sun" (2005). It was written by Samuel Barnes, Scott La Rock, Makeba Riddick, Jean-Claude Oliver, Lawrence Parker, and produced by Poke & Tone. It was released on August 16, 2005, as the second and final single from the album. The song is about "basically telling a guy, 'If it's lovin' that you want, you should make me your girl because I've got what you need".


Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings

Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings is a 2021 American superhero movie based on Marvel Comics character Shang-Chi. It is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the 25th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie was directed by Destin Daniel Cretton, from a screenplay he wrote with Dave Callaham and Andrew Lanham. It stars Simu Liu as Shang-Chi alongside Awkwafina, Meng'er Zhang, Fala Chen, Florian Munteanu, Benedict Wong, Michelle Yeoh, Ben Kingsley, and Tony Leung. In the movie, Shang-Chi is forced to confront his past when his father Wenwu (Leung), the leader of the Ten Rings organization, draws Shang-Chi and his sister Xialing (Zhang) into a search for a mythical village.

A movie based on Shang-Chi entered development in 2001, but work did not truly begin until Callaham was hired in December 2018. In March 2019, Cretton joined in, with the project fast-tracked as Marvel's first movie with an Asian lead. The movie's title and primary cast was announced that July. The movie's connection to the Ten Rings organization and its leader Wenwu were revealed. The Ten Rings organization previously appeared throughout the MCU. "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" is the first Marvel Studios movie with an Asian director and a largely Asian cast. Filming began in Sydney in February 2020 but it was placed on hold in March due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Production resumed in August before completing in October, with additional shooting occurring in San Francisco.

"Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" premiered in Los Angeles on August 16, 2021. It was released in the United States on September 3. The movie is part of Phase Four of the MCU. 


Also appearing in the movie are Ronny Chieng as Jon Jon, Xialing's right-hand man and announcer at her underground fighting club; Yuen Wah as Guang Bo, one of the leaders of Ta Lo; Jodi Long as Mrs. Chen, Katy's mother; Dallas Liu as Ruihua, Katy's brother; Paul He as Chancellor Hui; Tsai Chin as Katy's grandmother; Andy Le as Death Dealer, one of Wenwu's assassins who trained Shang-Chi in his youth; Stephanie Hsu and Kunal Dudheker as Soo and John, married friends of Shang-Chi and Katy; Zach Cherry as Klev, a bus rider who livestreams one of Shang-Chi's fights (after portraying a street vendor in 2017's ""); and Dee Baker as the voice of Morris, a hundun who befriends Slattery. Jade Xu reprises her role as a Black Widow named Helen from "Black Widow" (2021), while Tim Roth provides uncredited vocals for his "The Incredible Hulk" (2008) character Emil Blonsky / Abomination. Mark Ruffalo and Brie Larson appear uncredited in the mid-credits scene as Bruce Banner and Carol Danvers, respectively, reprising their MCU roles.

"Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" premiered at the El Capitan Theatre and TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, on August 16, 2021. It was screened at CinemaCon on August 21. The movie was released internationally from September 1 onwards, and in the United States on September 3. "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" is part of Phase Four of the MCU.

The movie was originally scheduled to be released on February 12, 2021, which was the first day of Chinese New Year. It was moved to May 7 and later on to July 9, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The movie was moved again in March 2021 to the September 2021 date after "Black Widow" was moved to the July 9 release date.

"Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" has grossed $224.5 million in the United States and Canada and $207.7 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $432.2 million.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 92% of 343 reviews are positive. The average rating is 7.50/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings isn't entirely free of Marvel's familiar formula, but this exciting origin story expands the MCU in more ways than one. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 71 out of 100 based on 52 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.


Bitch (Rolling Stones song)

"Bitch" is a 1971 song by The Rolling Stones and taken from their album "Sticky Fingers". It is the A-side of 1971 song "Brown Sugar"

Jazzman

"Jazzman" is a 1974 song by Carole King and taken from her sixth studio album "Wrap Around Joy". It went to number 2 in the United States and Canada. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1975 and was featured in "The Simpsons" sixth season episode "Round Springfield".

Hustle &amp; Flow

Hustle & Flow is a 2005 American musical drama movie written and directed by Craig Brewer and produced by John Singleton and Stephanie Allain. The movie is about a hustler and pimp from Memphis, Tennessee named DJay who is interested in being a rapper. 

The movie stars Terrence Howard as DJay. Anthony Anderson, Taryn Manning, Taraji P. Henson, and Ludacris also star in this movie.

"Hustle & Flow" won the Best Original Song category at the 78th Academy Awards for the song "It's Hard out Here for a Pimp" by the hip hop group Three 6 Mafia. "It's Hard out Here for a Pimp" became the second hip hop song to win an Academy Award (after "Lose Yourself" by Eminem).

Adam Raised a Cain

"Adam Raised a Cain" is the second track from Bruce Springsteen's fourth studio album "Darkness on the Edge of Town". It was used in the 1983 movie "Baby It's You".

Extragalactic planet

An extragalactic planet, known as an extragalactic exoplanet or an extroplanet, is a star-bound planet or rogue planet located outside of the Milky Way Galaxy. Due to the very far distances to such worlds, they would be very hard to detect instantly. However, indirect evidence suggests that such far planets exist. Nonetheless, the most distant planets known are SWEEPS-11 and SWEEPS-04, these two stars are located in Sagittarius with a distance of approximately 27,710 light years from the Sun, while the Milky Way is between 100,000 and 180,000 light years in diameter. This means that even galactic planets located farther than that distance have not been detected.

Hu Jintao's removal from the 20th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party

On October 22, 2022, Hu Jintao, former General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, was escorted from the hall at the closing ceremony of the 20th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party. He was led from his seat by two men. It is assumed that the current General Secretary Xi Jinping had instructed this. 

As the media from all over the world had entered the venue at the time, the incident quickly became the focus of international coverage.

Portrait of the mother (Boccioni)

Portrait of the mother (also known as Ritratto della madre) is a 20th-century late filippinism painted in oil by Umberto boccioni. It was painted in 1910, in Via Adige in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Museum Galleria d'arte moderna Ricci Oddi of Piacenza.

Umberto Boccioni was inspired by the work "Portrait of the mother" by Francesco Filippini to create the portrait of his mother, of which he was an attentive observer of his art exhibitions and for this reason it maintains a naturalistic structure typical of the Filipino artistic movement which then becomes the basis of the works of full Futurism. Boccioni then portrayed his mother several times. 
The work of Boccioni's Portrait of the Mother is linked to the painting "Materia" (1912) and "Horizontal Volumes" (1911-1912).
The painting of Boccioni's Mother in the Ricci Oddi Museum therefore marks a moment of transition between the Divisionist phase and that, also inspired by Cubism, which proposes a decisive overcoming of traditional aesthetics. 

The full stylistic adherence to Boccioni's futurism takes place with the stylistic turning point with the painting «The city that rises» created in 1910 in Via Adige in Milan (Fondazione Prada district).



Greater bromeliad tree frog

The greater bromeliad tree frog ("Bromeliohyla dendroscarta") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 450 and 1900 meters above sea level.

The adult frog can be as big as 35 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on the frog's back can be yellow in color with small brown spots to green. The iris of the eye is gold in color. The belly is yellow in color.

Tadpoles are whitish in color. Their bellies are clear.

The tadpoles only eat dead things, for example dead insects, that fall into the water in the bromeliad plants.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Human beings change the places it lives. Human beings cut down trees in the forests where it lives to collect wood for building, to make towns, to make farms, and to make places for animals to eat grass. Climate change and ultraviolet light can also kill this frog. Diseases can also kill this frog.

United Kingdom norovirus epidemic

The 2021 United Kingdom norovirus epidemic was caused in England. More than 154 were infected in London, during the peak of COVID-19 pandemic-Alpha variant.

In July 2021, the United Kingdom imposed lockdown to prevent the spreading of virus in the capital. The cases have increased in surge of 5 years later exceeded three times higher than previous viruses.

It is a type of norovirus that spreads inside a person. It will cause vomiting and diarrhea in patients. It targets the stomach and will cause severe pain.

India fungus epidemic

The Fungus epidemic in India spread out in the central region of India. More than 200 people have fallen ill due to mucormycosis disease. Due to the increase in cases of the second wave of COVID-19, some regions had more diseases. The WHO has warned that the fungal disease is spreading elsewhere, in the third wave of COVID-19 in India.

Fungal disease or Mucormycosis has spread in several regions and provinces of India in: New Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Gujarat, Maharashta, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.

It is a type of Mucormycosis Fungus with zygomycosis that causes loss of vision and entering the human brain, redness and inflammation of other parts of the body, nasal allergies, bleeding and vomiting, occasional cough with blood in the saliva and shortness of breath.

Fungus is a type of fungal disease that attacks the internal organs of a person. It often affects diabetics, weak immunity, high blood, sinuses. The fungus also attacks those who have recovered from COVID-19 or COVID-19 patients. Fungal is acquired in unhygienic environments.

These are the three variants:


Island arc

Island arcs are those well-known series of islands with volcanoes (such as the Ring of Fire). They are usually caused by tectonic plate boundaries passing over geologic hot spots in the Earth's crust.

Well-known examples are the Hawaiian Islands, the Japanese Archipelago, the Philippine Islands, and the Yellowstone hotspot.

Plates moving together cause one plate to go under another, and another to go on top. This makes a string of islands because the hot spots stay still while the plates move over them. Essentially the same phenomenon occurred in "dead" island chains like the Galapagos Islands, yet is still live elsewhere. All these chains are made by land moving over hot-spots in the Earth's crust, not by the hotspots moving. The position of a hotspot seems independent of tectonic plate boundaries.

On North America the Cascade volcanos look like they are active because they have been swept up by the westward movement of the Americas. 

A mantle plume is a proposed mechanism of convection in the Earth's mantle. This means there are places where the Earth's inner heat comes up, where more usually it does not.

Reading (Filippini)

Reading (also known as La lettura or Madame Bovary) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted 60 x 68 centimetres in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1881, in Milano, Italy.

Umberto Boccioni was inspired by these art work by Filippini painting "The novel of a seamstress (also known as Il romanzo di una cucitrice).



The novel of a seamstress

The novel of a seamstress (also known as La lettura or Il romanzo di una cucitrice) is a 20th-century late filippinism painted in oil by Umberto Boccioni. It was painted about 1908, in Milano, Italy.

Umberto Boccioni was inspired by these art work by Filippini painting "Reading".



Farmer at work

Farmer at work (also known as Contadino al lavoro) is a painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted in 1908-1910, in Milano, Italy. 
The work is an expression of the Filippinsim movement, which will then turn into futurism.


Boats in Venice (Filippini)

Boats in Venice (also known as Barche a Venezia or Barche a Chioggia) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted 80 x 139 centimetres in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1890, in Venice, Italy. 

The work inspired the painting "Boat in Venice" by Umberto Boccioni.


Boat in Venice (Boccioni)

Boats in Venice (also known as Barche a Venezia) is a 20th-century late impressionist painting in oil by Umberto Boccioni. It was painted about 1890, in Venice, Italy. 

The work inspired the painting "Boat in Venice" by Umberto Boccioni.


Peasants at work

Peasants at work (also known as Contadine al lavoro) is a 20th-century late filippinism painted in oil by Umberto Boccioni. It was painted about 1908, in Milano, Italy. 

This work by Boccioni is of great importance as it highlights the long research and study work that he dedicates to the Lombard landscape and to the work of the fields inspired by the master of the Italian landscape Francesco Filippini, before modifying his own works in the futurism movement.


Mario Golf: Super Rush

Mario Golf: Super Rush is the sixth installment in the Mario Golf series. 

It was released worldwide for the Nintendo Switch on June 25, 2021. It was first announced during a Nintendo Direct broadcast on February 17, 2021. The game introduces multiple modes, such as Speed Golf and Battle Golf, in which golfers must physically run to the golf ball in-between swings under time pressure, often alongside other players. Additionally, the game has a story mode similar to Mario Golf on the Game Boy Color and Mario Golf: Advance Tour, involving leveling up the player Mii's stats while going through a variety of unique challenges. The game departs from the three-press system present in the previous games of the series, instead having each swing involve two button presses, with the club type and terrain determining the accuracy of the shot.

Dr. Mario: Miracle Cure

Dr. Mario: Miracle Cure is the seventh main installment in the Dr. Mario series, released for Nintendo 3DS in 2015. It was the final title in the Mario franchise to be released with Satoru Iwata as its executive producer before his death on July 11, 2015. 

Mario's Game Gallery

Mario's Fundamentals, originally released as Mario's Game Gallery, is a compilation game in the Mario franchise. It was published by Interplay Entertainment and developed by Presage Software Inc. for PCs running Microsoft Windows. Exclusively for the United States, it was first released in 1995. In 1998, Mindscape re-released the game with a new title. Later, a version for Macintosh computers was published by Stepping Stone.

Five traditional games are included: checkers, backgammon, Go Fish, dominoes, and "Yahtzee", known in the game as "Yacht". Players play against Mario in these games, but sometimes they also play against Bowser. The games are very similar to the real-life versions, but pieces are changed to look like things from the Mario universe.

Both versions of the game received a mixed reception. When it was first released, various publications found it to be a good educational game. The Miami Herald praised it for "providing fun for the whole family", and the Los Angeles Times said that it would appeal to younger gamers. 

Game &amp; Watch Gallery

Game & Watch Gallery, known as Game Boy Gallery 2 in Australia and Game Boy Gallery (ゲームボーイギャラリー Gēmu Bōi Gyararī) in Japan, is a collection of games originally released on Nintendo's Game & Watch. 

The game includes both original and Modern versions. The original features nameless individuals as the main characters, while the Modern version features Mario and his friends along with updated graphics, updated gameplay, and music. Three sequels followed Game & Watch Gallery: Game & Watch Gallery 2, Game & Watch Gallery 3, and Game & Watch Gallery 4.

University College Dublin

University College Dublin (UCD) is a public university in Dublin, Ireland.

UCD had its beginning in 1854 . It was started by John Henry Newman as The Catholic University. The school started with three houses. They were 86 St Stephen’s Green (St Patrick’s or University House), 16 Harcourt Street (St Lawrence’s) and 6 Harcourt Street (St Mary’s).

The name of the university was changed from The Catholic University to University College Dublin in 1908. UCD began to move out from the centre of Dublin to Belfield in1964.

UCD has over 30,000 students. At Belfield, the school covers .

Battle of Monte de las Cruces

The battle began at about 8am on 30 October 1810 in a cold pine forest on rugged territory. The battle had three phases, corresponding to the three offensives of the insurgent army against royalist positions. The first two were rebuffed, but the insurgents managed to surround the royalists.

Substitution (sport)

A substitution(or sub) in sports is when a player in the game, is switched out with someone not playing. They are used for strategic advantage or to get rest for players.

Yolo

Yolo or YOLO may refer to:






WANF

WANF (channel 46) is a television station in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, affiliated with CBS. It is the flagship property of locally based Gray Television and is co-owned with independent station WPCH-TV (channel 17) and low-power, Class A Telemundo affiliate WKTB-CD (channel 47). WANF and WPCH-TV share studios on 14th Street Northwest in Atlanta's Atlantic Station district, while WANF's transmitter is located in the city's Woodland Hills section.

Bilady, Bilady, Bilady

"Bilady, Bilady, Bilady" (, ; "My Country, My Country, My Country"), officially called "Bilādī, laki ḥubbī wa fuʾādī" (; "My homeland, you have my love and my heart"), is the national anthem of Egypt.

Libya, Libya, Libya

"Libya, Libya, Libya" () is the national anthem of Libya.

The rewritten third verse is not always sung.

Nahnu Jund Allah Jund Al-watan

"Naḥnu Jund Allāh Jund al-Waṭan" (; "We are the Soldiers of God, the Soldiers of Homeland") is the national anthem of Sudan.

Djibouti (anthem)

"Djibouti" (, , ) is the national anthem of Djibouti.

!Somali lyrics
!Somali IPA transcription
!Afar lyrics
!Afar IPA transcription

Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea

"Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea" (, ) is the national anthem of Eritrea.

Qolobaa Calankeed

"Qolobaa Calankeed" (; ; "Every nation has its own flag") is the national anthem of Somalia.

2019–20 Brucellosis outbreak

The 2019–20 Brucellosis outbreak is a zoonotic infectious type of disease that is transmitted to domestic animals, it is a type of disease, flu (flu) that spread in northwestern China spread to about 6,000 infected, it was first recorded on September 12, 2019 according to the government of In the city of Lanzhou, China, the infected have received one treatment in each hospital over a year ago as COVID-19 evaporated, December 2019.

More than 6,000+ in some other records 55, 725 tinest tested positive. the infected people in the first record reached 3, 745, November 2020 the disease worsened in the whole city of "Lanzhou", this disease came from domestic animals Sheep, Goats, Cows, Pigs and even Aso has been the case in some countries. The cause of this in humans is that if a pet is infected with its owner, it can also be infected or transmitted quickly, it can be transmitted to humans through milk, cheese or any semen that comes from the infected which is a pet.

Human to human transmission is possible according to the World Health Organization (WHO)

Tiotropium bromide

Tiotropium bromide is a drug used as a bronchodilator. It helps people with COPD and asthma. It is used when people have trouble breathing to help them breathe better. It is used by breathing it through the mouth. Its effects last for 24 hours.

Some side effects can happen from using it, such as having a dry mouth, runny nose, headache, or having problems with breathing. There are also serious side effects that could happen, such as angioedema and bronchospasms. It has not been proven to be bad to use while pregnant, but this has not been studied very much. In 2020, there were more than 5 million prescriptions for tiotropium bromide in the United States.

South Korea MERS outbreak

The spreading of Mers-CoV was first detected in South Korea in 2015, the virus that causes the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), is a new outbreak as "betacoronavirus" was also first detected in a patient in Saudi Arabia in April 2012, The spread recorded to reach 186 cases.

The outbreak in South Korea was the first MERS case on May 20, 2015. A 68-year-old man returned to the Middle East to be diagnosed with MERS within 9 days and initially sought medical help to prevent the spread of the disease. strain virus.

Next, the statistical number of those infected on 20 May 2015 was shown, based on the official report of the Central MERS Management Task Force, Ministry of Health and Welfare.

Kawai Michi

Michi Kawai is the founder of Keisen University. She was born in Ise Yamada, Mie Prefecture, in 1877. Her father was a Shinto priest and her mother was a housewife. Michi had one younger brother. Michi’s family moved to Hokkaido in 1885. There she met an American missionary called Sarah Smith, and later moved to live with her in Sapporo. Ms. Smith became Michi's teacher, and Michi studied English and History with Ms. Smith.

After graduating from Ms. Smith's school, Michi moved back to Tokyo, and then moved to the United States when she was 21 years old. In the US she studied at Bryn Mawr College, and had many challenging and exciting experiences. After graduating from college, Michi moved back to Japan and worked for the Young Women's Christian Association for 20 years.

At the age of 51, Michi finally opened her own school in Tokyo. She called her school "Keisen Jogaku-en" which in English means "Fountain-of-blessings Girls’ Learning-garden".

2012 MERS outbreak

In 2012 the spread of the Middle East respiratory syndrome, are affected several countries, mainly in the Middle East, the virus caused by the Middle East respiratory syndrome "MERS" or (2012-nCOV). It was first detected in a patient who was admitted in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. On June 6, 2012.

The cases started in small clusters until the size of the spread was reported in 24 countries to reach 2,500 cases, the virus recorded orders to reach 900 until the year 2021.

MERS is one of the viruses that belongs to the Coronavirus family that was first seen in the western city in Saudi Arabia, started with a simple cold, The seven coronaviruses recorded infect from alpha to beta.

Global surveillance of the potential epidemic is preparation, preparation to emerge because SARS (2002) and MERS (2012) are being monitored because of the similarity of its strains.

Great Plague of Marseille

was an epidemic in Marseille in France in 1720, this disease has something to do with past pandemics caused by the disease from Bubonik, this epidemic ended in France in the year 1722, it was recorded by a person who will reach 100,000. This is the third plague and third of the deadly pandemics in several decades in 2 millennia.

Vũ Cát Tường

Vu Cat Tuong ( October 2, 1992 in Long An) is a Vietnamese singer, songwriter, and record producer. She can sing R&B, neo soul, pop, blues, jazz, funk and ballad. 

Vu Cat Tuong was born on October 2, 1992 in Long An city, in family with tradition of education; Her father and grandfather are teachers. In 5 years old, she learned organ and start learning music in 2013.

Vũ Cát Tường auditioned for The Voice of Vietnam season 2, singing "Đông" in her blind audition. All four coaches, Đàm Vĩnh Hưng, Mỹ Linh, Quốc Trung and Hồng Nhung turned her chair for her and Tường eventually chose to join team Đàm Vĩnh Hưng.

Vũ Cát Tường was pitted against fellow team Đàm Vĩnh Hưng member, Song Tú, who defeated her after singing "One Night Only". Although not chosen as the winner, she received three "steals" from other coaches and opted for Hồng Nhung. In the Knockout round, Vũ Cát Tường sang "Cám ơn tình yêu tôi" by Phương Uyên and advanced to the Live shows.

In the semi-final round, coach Hồng Nhung gave her all 100% of her point, which advanced her to the finale without any public vote counted. In the live finale broadcast on December 15, 2013, she was declared the second runner-up of the second season, behind team Đàm Vĩnh Hưng's Vũ Thảo My and team Mỹ Linh's Nguyễn Hoàng Tôn.

In 2014, Vũ Cát Tường released her first products created by herself: "Yêu xa" is a love story of two lovers who must be temporarily apart. On pop background played by piano, the song has bright colors but still full of narrative feelings. This is the first single from Vũ Cát Tường's debut album, which marked her collaboration with musician Huy Tuấn, who is the music producer of the album. After the debut, this song received a lot of attention and reached the top of the music charts. Vũ Cát Tường also released this music video, the MV uses body language to create a poetic but daring multidimensional way of romance over geographical distances. At the end of 2014, Vũ Cát Tường released her first album Giải mã (Decode) (December 23). The songs in this album were all composed by Vũ Cát Tường with her true nostalgia and emotions about life. After that, Vũ Cát Tường also produced an MV for a song in the album Giải mã (Decode): "Anh và Anh".

In 2015, Vũ Cát Tường released two singles that were "Góc đa hình" for fans in the summer and single "Phai" with a new remix. These two years also marked the moments when the name Vũ Cát Tường "bombarded" the awards, the rankings. These are the recognition for Tường's creation, the music products regarded by the audience and highly appreciated by the experts.

After 1 gap year, Vũ Cát Tường returned, the first shot in 2016 was the release of the "Mơ" single – one of the hits that built Vũ Cát Tường's music career. "Mơ" is a soulful version of Soul & R&B music that had Vũ Cát Tường's hidden minds. The song still holds the style of Tường with the loosened melody and the romantic lyrics. The message that she wants to convey in this song is "the peaceful moments watching the moon on the terrace".

AFS Intercultural Programs

AFS Intercultural Programs (or AFS, originally the American Field Service) is an international youth exchange organization.

Substitution

Substitution may refer to:






AFS

AFS is an initialism. It may refer to:


Eragon (movie)

Eragon is a 2006 fantasy movie based on the book Eragon by Christopher Paolini.

Inheritance (book)

Inheritance (book) is the fourth and last novel in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini.

Modisi

Modisi is a Village on the northern coast of the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. It is in the province of North Sulawesi. It is known for having a large amount of marine life. Modisi has a population of 10,350 at the 2010 Census.

TRAPPIST-1g

TRAPPIST-1g, also known as 2MASS J23062928-0502285 g and K2-112 g, is an exoplanet orbiting around the ultra-cool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1. TRAPPIST-1 is 39 light years away from Earth in the constellation Aquarius. The planet was one of four new exoplanets discovered orbiting the star using observations from the Spitzer Space Telescope. The exoplanet is within the habitable zone of its host star. It was found by using the transit method, in which the dimming effect that a planet causes as it crosses in front of its star is measured.

TRAPPIST-1g is the second most distant known planet in its system. It is larger than Earth but less dense. This means that it likely has some form of water.

Lambda Velorum

Lambda Velorum designated, λ Velorum, officially named Suhail, is a star in the southern constellation of Vela. With a mean apparent visual magnitude of 2.21, this is the third-brightest star in the constellation of Vela and one of the brighter stars in the sky. The distance to this star can be measured directly using the parallax technique, yielding an estimated 545 light years from the Sun.
The outer envelope of Suhail has an effective temperature of about 4,000 K, giving it the cool orange hue of a K-type star. It is an Lc-type, slow irregular variable star with its brightness varying between apparent magnitudes +2.14 to +2.30.

IRewind

iRewind is a German technology firm which develops video software products for sports industry. The company was bought in 2017 by Swiss company Yoveo. 

iRewind was established in 2013 by six persons: Christian Mauriand, Bogdan Manoiu, David De Picciotto, Salvador Garcia Zalduegui, Mihai Nicolescu, and David Delarive.

References

Infitec

Infitec GmbH is a technology German firm based in Gerstetten, Baden-Württemberg. The name means: Interference Filter Technology. The firm's founder is Helmut Jorke.

Elementar

Elementar is a German multinational manufacturer of elemental analyzers and isotope ratio mass spectrographs for the analysis of non-metals such as carbon, nitrogen, sulphur, hydrogen, oxygen or chlorine. The company comes from Heraeus, a multinational German engineering company that produced analytical equipment.

MEETYOO

MEETYOO is a technology company with offices in Berlin, Mannheim, and New York. It develops virtual events software for companies. 

The platform was created in 1999 as a teleconferencing company by Tony Kula.

In 2014, it launched SmartConference, a video conferencing service. In 2016, the company acquired ubivent, a company that provided software for digital events. It later became MEETYOO.

In 2022, it partnered with Kollective to optimize video transmission in corporate networks.

The platform is TÜV certified.

75% of the DAX stock market index companies traded on Frankfurt Stock Exchange worked with meetyoo conferencing.

EyeEm

EyeEm is a free online photo sharing service. The service is available as an app for iOS and Android devices and as a website . EyeEm offers users the opportunity to edit photos and share them with the photo community and also on other social networks . A "sell" function was also added in mid-2015, with EyeEm sharing the service's users with 50% of the revenue.

TriMet

TriMet is the transit system in Portland Oregon. It was formed in 1969, and has since become the primary transit provider in the Portland Metropolitan Area. 

TriMet has 3 main modes of transit


TriMet also runs paratransit service.

Rudi Hemmes

Rudi Willem Hemmes (20 June 1923 – 13 November 2022) was a Dutch Engelandvaarder and major general at the Royal Netherlands Air Force. He is seen as a figurehead of the Royal Netherlands Motorized Infantry Brigade.

World War II started when Hemmes was sixteen years old. He decided to join the resistance. Among others he sabotaged German cars by throwing sugar into the petrol tanks. Together with a friend he decided to go to England in May 1943. Via France, Spain and Portugal they were able to arrive in England in May 1943, where they arrived in February 1944. There they joined the Royal Netherlands Motorized Infantry Brigade in Wolverhampton. On 8 August 8 1944 he landed with that brigade on the beaches of Normandy, from where they moved to the Netherlands.

After the war he stayed in the army. In the 1970s he was commander of the Air Force Kaderschool in Schaarsbergen.

Hemmes received several awards for his services. In 2013 he bacame an honorary citizen of The Hague. He also received awards in other countries, including France. In 2019 Hemmes was with Beatrix of the Netherlands during the Speech from the throne. King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands mentioned him in the speech. He said he sees him as a hero, "who risked his own life to choose the future of our country and now, 75 years later, it is still the future that drives him. That is not only inspiring, it is a assignment to all of us".

Hemmes died in The Hague on 13 November 2022, at the age of 99. Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, Máxima of the Netherlands and Beatrix of the Netherlands replied to his death that they were "intensely grateful for everything he has meant to our country until a very old age". Also the mayor of The Hague Jan van Zanen responded to his death.

Sound and Vision

"Sound and Vision" is a 1977 song by David Bowie and taken from his 11th studio album "Low". It went to number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in Belgium and the United Kingdom, number 6 in Germany, number 7 in New Zealand, number 15 in Austria and number 69 in the United States.

All tracks are written by David Bowie.

Original 7" single

David Bowie vs 808 State (1991)

David Bowie vs 808 State – "Sound and Vision" Remix EP (2010)

David Bowie – "Sound and Vision (2013)"


Young Girl (song)

"Young Girl" is a 1968 song by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap and is the title track to second studio album "Young Girl". It went to number 1 in Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom and number 2 in Australia, South Africa and the United Kingdom.

Marthe Olivier

Marthe Olivier, sometimes written as Marthe Olivet and Marthe Ollivier, (born 1893) was a French competitive swimmer and sport administrator from Paris. As a competitve swimmer she was active between 1909 and 1922. She won many prize in France including becoming twice national champion. She represented France at the 1922 Women's Olympiad.

Olivier was a member of Mouettes de Paris and later also a member of the "L'Association Sportive des Postes, des Télégraphes et Téléphones" team.

One of her first main competitions was in June 1909, when she competed at the annual gala of the CNP. In January 1914 she wins the third prize during the aquatics competitions week organized by the Nouveau Cirque of Paris. Two years later she won the second prize in the 100 metres event during the celebration of family bath in Charenton-le-Pont with a time of 1:58.6 on 17 September 1916. She won third prize in the 100 metres event on 5 August 1917 in Poissy, on 13 September 1918 in Nogent-sur-Marne and on 15 July 1919 during the aquatics festival in Calais. In 1919 she also finished third in the 500 metres event in Nantes on 20 September. Her first main victory was in 1920 winning the 100 metres event in Vitry-sur-Seine on 20 June. The next week she became champion of Paris in the 100 metres event. Later the year she also became champion of Paris in the 100m breaststroke. In 1920 she also won the 100 metres during the 3rd Olympic day in Saint-Denis in July and in Pantin in September. Olivier represented France at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in Monte Carlo in the 200 metre breaststroke event.

Olivier became vice-president of the Mouettes de Paris in 1916. In 1919, she became a member of the sports commission and in 1921 sports director.

Olivier was born in 1893. She lived in the 4th arrondissement of Paris. In 1913 she married to M. Comte. She worked at the Postes, Télégraphes et Téléphones (PTT).

Joséphine Oberle

Joséphine Oberle was a French competitive swimmer from Colmar during the 1920s. She was specialized in the breaststroke. Oberle was a member of Sports Réunis de Colmar and the early French national team.

Oberle became France national champion in August 1921 at the inaugural 200 metres breaststroke event. With a time of 3:54.6 she also set a new French record. She was selected to represent France at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in Monte Carlo. She competed in the 200 metre breaststroke event. Later in 1922 she won the bronze medal at the France national championships in a time of 4:06.6 in Tourcoing. In 1926 she won with her team the "Petit Pariesien cup" in Paris on 22 August.

Ramak NikTalab

Ramak NikTalab (born 1969, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian translator and author of Persian literature. Her specialty is children's literature.



Andrée Bonnet

Andrée Bonnet was a French competitive swimmer from Paris during the 1920s. She was specialized in the freestyle events. Oberle was a member of Libellule de Paris and later Mouettes de Paris in 1925.

Bonnet was a member of the French national team that competed at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in Monte Carlo. She competed in the 100 metre freestyle event and in the 4 × 50 metre freestyle relay event where they finished in fourth place. In 1923 she won with her team the National Cup (in French: coupes Nationales). She was selected to be part of the Frech 4 × 100 metre relay team at the 1924 Summer Olympics, but didn't compete. in 1922 she won the bronze medal at the France national championships in a time of 4:06.6 in Tourcoing. At the 1926 France national swimming championships, she won the silver medal in the freestyle relay event.

Bonnet was married to swimmer Armand Bonnet, who became fifteen times national champion between 1906 and 1912.

Food vacuole

The food vacuole is an organelle. It acts as a digestive system. It is found in simple eukaryotes such as protists. This organelle is essentially a lysosome. It is also called the digestive vacuole.

Bromeliohyla melacaena

Bromeliohyla melacaena is a frog. It lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it in pine forests between 1370 and 1990 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 21.8 - 22.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 24.2 - 25.9 mm long. The adult male frog has spikes on its thumbs.

The adult male frogs and adult female frogs look different. The adult male frogs are light brown with yellow spots with some light green marks. The bones are white and can be seen through the skin. The legs are light brown. The belly is white. The adult female frog is dark brown with a light brown stripe between the eyes. The nose is yellow-green in color. The female frog has a lighter belly than the male frog. They eyes are orange with black spots in both male and female frogs.

Scientists think this frog move around at night and hide in bromeliad plants during the day. They have not seen any tadpoles, but they think the frogs put them in bromeliad plants.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Human beings change the places where it lives by cutting down trees to collect wood for building and to make towns, farms, and places for animals to eat grass. Droughts and floods can kill this frog. Chemicals meant to kill pests can kill this frog by accident. So can fertilizers and pollution. Diseases and ultraviolet light can kill this frog. For example, the fungal disease chytridiomycosis can kill this frog.

The scientific name of this frog "melacaena" comes from two Greek language words meaning "black" and "thorn or spine." The scientists named it after the black spike on the male frogs' thumbs.

TLM

TLM may refer to: 


Buffalo Stance

"Buffalo Stance" is a 1988 song by Neneh Cherry and taken from her debut studio album "Raw Like Sushi". It went to number 1 in the Netherlands and Sweden, number 2 in Germany, Greece and Switzerland, number 3 in Canada, Norway, the United Kingdom and the United States, number 4 in Belgium, number 5 in Finland, number 7 in Austria and Ireland, number 9 in Denmark, number 14 in New Zealand, number 21 in Australia and number 23 in Italy.

"Buffalo Stance" was released on both 3-inch CD single, and 5-inch CD single.

1st Provisional Marine Brigade

The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was a brigade in the United States Marine Corps. It was founded in 1912 and was disbanded on September 13, 1951. It was not made as a permanent unit in the United States Marine Corps, but it served as an Ad Hoc unit.

When they were first founded, they were sent in to fight in the "Negro Rebellion" in Cuba. Then they fought in World War II in Iceland where they had no real action, but in Guam they fought alongside the 1st Marine Division. After the war ended, they were disbanded, then fought in the Korean War.

They were quickly reactivated during 1950 for the Korean War. They fought in the Battle of Pusan Perimeter, as well as the Battle of Yongsan. After their time in the Korean War, they were disbanded shortly after they returned home. The Brigade earned multiple streamers throughout its history.

The Negro Rebellion happened in 1912, the year the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was formed. The Negro Rebellion was a war where Black Cubans rioted and fought the Cuban Government for freedom and equality. The Cuban Government requested support from the United States - the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was sent to guard certain locations.

A small regiment named the 1st Provisional Marine Regiment was commanded by colonel Lincoln Karmany. The regiment was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on May 22nd. It numbered around 450 men. There was also the 2nd Provisional Marine Regiment that was created at the same time, led by Colonel James Mahoney in Key West, Florida. It numbered about 750 men.

They both came to Cuba in the USS Prairie, which was an amphibious transport ship made to transport marines and assets. The 1st Battalion of the 2nd Provisional Marine Regiment was in Havana, Cuba, but the rest were in Guantanamo. They protected American farms in Siboney and El Cobre. After the rebellion stopped they left.

The first Regiments soon became the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade in June. They were led by now Colonel Lincoln Karmany.

The 1st Marine Brigade was a very different Brigade that was made in 1935, but people got confused because they also were in Cuba in 1940. It was first made in 1913 as a unit in the 1st Advance Force Brigade, but they weren't "Provisional." They were in Mexico and Puerto Rico. When it was disbanded, people confused the two.

In May of 1940, the United Kingdom invaded Iceland even if they were neutral. They invaded because they were scared that Germany would attack Iceland. The Natives didn't like the British because of that, but they liked the Americans more. Iceland signed an agreement with the United States so that they were defended. As soon as it happened, the United States Marine Corps quickly reactivated the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade on July 14th, 1941. The first people to join were taken from the 2nd Marine Division, and they were trained and organized in Camp Elliott in San Diego.

They had about 4,095 men. They were some of the first men to enter Iceland under Major General Holland M. Smith. They stayed there with the 1st Marine Division, but the 1st MD was called to fight somewhere else, so the United States Army were the ones to come in after the 1st MD left to help the occupation. The 1st PMB also left with the 1st Marine Division.

Now under Brigadier General John Marston and Colonel Leo D. Hermle, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade sailed from San Diego to Charleston in attack transports, the USS Heywood, USS William P. Biddle, and USS Fuller. They also met other ships on the way that carried supplies for the 1st PMB. Those ships were the USS Arkansas, USS New York, USS Brooklyn and USS Nashville. They stopped at Newfoundland then continued to Iceland. They landed in Reykjavík on July 7th. They helped the British 49th Infantry Division.

The British commanders split the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade evenly around Reykjavík and places next to it. They were made into an emergency force in case of German invasion. The 49th ID also gave their own patch to the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade. The 1st PMB were also with the United States Army and Army Air Corps. They made a lot of forts to stop any German invasion for most of their time there. On September 22nd, 1940, the British left Iceland and the United States Army was commanding the place.

During the Winter of 1941 and 1940, nothing happened, and their progress became slow after they lost a lot of their supplies making forts and doing combat drills for if the Germans attacked. However, the Germans did not attack, and no planes were sent except for unarmed ones for reconnaissance.

After Pearl Harbor, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was moved away and sent to fight in the Pacific. They came back to New York in the USS McCawley and SS Borinquen. A lot of the former marines in the 1st PMB joined the 2nd Marine Division to fight in the Guadalcanal Campaign.

On April 18th of 1944, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was activated again, but this time to fight in Guadalcanal. They were a reserve force for a bit, and they were commanded by Brigadier General Lemuel C. Shepherd. In July, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade went to the Marshall Islands for the Invasion of Guam. Guam was under the Empire of Japan. They waited for a bit then they got about 9,886 men and had the 4th and 22nd Marine Regiment join them. They joined the Third Amphibious Corps, which had almost 60,000 men and they would attack Guam, the 305th Infantry Regiment also joined.

They were preparing in the Eniwetok Atoll, which is in the Marshall Islands. At 08:32 AM on the 21st of July, the 22nd Marine Regiment landed in Bangi Point, Hågat which was in the West. They started to fight some of the 22,000 Japanese men on the Island of Guam. Most of the fights were in the West, since it was where most of the Japanese soldiers were. But the main 1st PMB didn't have much fighting. The Japanese soldiers had a lot of fortifications with Type 41 Mountain Guns and Bunkers, and reconnaissance did not see them.

The Japanese soldiers used Type 41 Mountain Cannons that shoot 75mm rounds against the 22nd Marine Regiment. They also used them against 20 amphibious vehicles to stop them from moving. The 22nd Marine Regiment spent most of the day fighting the Japanese in Hågat. The 1st Battalion finally took Hågat while the 2nd Battalion took Mount Alifan. Also the 1st Battalion, the 4th Marines Regiment took over Bangi Point with help of the 3rd Battalion. They both started to move forward to Mount Alifan but Japanese resistance on the island delayed them. The Japanese tried to make a big counter-offensive at night but failed.

By the end of the day, the 4th and 22nd Regiments took places about 2,000 meters or 6,000 feet inside Guam. The The 305th Regimental Combat Team helped the Marines for about 3 or 4 days before they regrouped with the 77th Infantry Division that was in the North. The 1st Brigade, 3rd Marine Division was in the south and the 77th Infantry Division cut off and split the Orote Peninsula. By July 29th, they fully cleared the place and killed about 2,500 Japanese soldiers. The 4th Marines were in the right of the West Flank while the 22nd Marine Regiment was on the left of the East Flanks, they quickly killed off the Japanese.

On August 6th, the Japanese made a last stand, meaning that they stayed in their positions and fought until they died. Mount Santa Rosa was cleared on August 8th and Ritidian Point and Pati Point on August 10th. BY 11:32 AM of August 10th, the Island was officially clear after 11,000 Japanese soldiers died. The 1st PMB was disbanded and the men there were moved to the 6th Marine Division.

After World War II, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade became way smaller and had men, their name would change to 1st Provisional Artillery Battalion on 11th October, 1947. They used to be a Brigade, but became a Battalion, which has about 1,000 men and it became something called a "paper unit". Some of the men that used to be in the Brigade became a part of the 1st Battalion, 11th Marines.

During the Korean War, the United States Marine Corps was becoming smaller and they weren't prepared for the Korean War. During 25 of June, 1950, the Joint Chiefs of Staff (the people who lead the Military) told the Marines to get a 15,000 man division to help the United Nations Command (a group of countries fighting in the war). The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was the first unit to be sent to Korea, under General Edward A. Craig. 

The United States Marine Corps prepared the 1st Marine Division and other units to fight in the war. On July 7th, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was reactivated in California to fight in the war. One week later, they arrived in Pusan. Edward A. Craig was leading them and they were helped by Marine Aircraft Group 33. They fought a lot in the south of Korea.

The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was immediately sent to Masan. They were sent to the westernmost flank of The Pusan Perimeter. The Eighth Army set up to resist the North Korean Army, which was trying to overwhelm United Nation Forces. The 1st PMB joined the 5th Regimental Combat Team and 25th Infantry Division under Major General William B. Kean. The three units of about 20,000 men banded together and made "Task Force Kean."

General Walker and the Eight Army were about to make the first counter offensive by the United Nations. They were going to start by taking Chinju from the North Korean 6th Division. The attack the Geumgang River in the middle of the month. One of Walker's goals was to stop North Koreans from grouping together next to Taegu. He wanted to do this by pushing some of the enemies south to keep them away. On August 6th, the Eighth Army was allowed to attack. The plan was to move west near Masan, take The Chinju Pass, and capture the Nam River, but it depended on the arrival of a few battalions of tanks from the 2nd Infantry Divisions.

Task Force Kean started on August 7th and left Masan. The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade rushed Pansong and the North Korean 6th Division Headquarters. There were 350 casualties on the North Korean side. But the other units in Task Force Kean were slowed down by North Korean resistance. The Task Force attacked Jindong-myeon which led to a weird battle where the 6th North Korean Division had air support and airdrops while Task Force Kean kept meeting the 6th Division and fighting.

A lot of fighting happened in three days, and by August 9th, Task Force Kean was sure that they could take Jinju-si. Even if there was a lot of North Korean resistance, they were supported by airstrikes. On August 10th, Task Force Kean started to advance and met the North Korean 83rd Motorized Regiment, 105th Armored Division. They were surprised and tried to retreat, but F4U Corsairs from the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing attacked them multiple times. 200 men were killed and over 100 vehicles were destroyed.

The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade couldn't continue and were redeployed somewhere else on August 12th, but Task Force Kean kept on going and took Chondong-ni. The 8th Army needed some help in Taegu, specifically in the Naktong Bulge. By August 14th, Task Force Kean failed it's objective of splitting the North Koreans at the Chinju pass. The North Korean 9th Division was almost gone, they had gone down to about 3000-4000 men. But the North Korean Army drafted South Koreans from Andong.

In the First Naktong Bulge, the 1st PMB had to help stop a stalemate between the 24th Infantry Division and the North Korean 4th Infantry Division because the Americans kept shooting. They started on midnight of August 6th. The North Korean 4th Division had started to move across the Naktong River at the Ohang ferry site. They used their heads and rafts to carry their weapons. At 2 AM on August 6th, the 4th Division started fighting the 3rd Battalion of the 34th Infantry Regiment. The 3rd Battalion had to retreat, and the North Koreans moved forward and tried to take down Yongsan.
They took a lot of weapons from the Americans because they surprised them. The Americans thought that they would attack from the far north.

A lot of American attacks caused stalemates. On the morning of August 7th, the North Koreans were able to take over Cloverleaf Hill and Oblong-ni Ridge. The place had bad terrain and it made a Bulge. At 4 PM, the 9th Infantry Regiment of the 2nd Infantry Division were sent there. The 24th Infantry Division, commanded by Major General John H. Church, ordered the attack of the Naktong Bulge. On the morning of August 7th, the North Koreans took over Cloverleaf Hill and Oblong-ni Ridge.

The 4th Division of North Korea was making underwater bridges made of sandbags, trees and rocks. It was strong enough to handle tanks and heavy things like artillery. By August 10th, two entire regiments went over the river and took positions. The attack showed that the North Koreans could attack Yongsan, which forced the United States to send reinforcements. There were lots of deaths there, then General Walker sent the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade to the Naktong, They prepared to attack Cloverleaf Hill and Obong-ni, at 8 AM on August 17th. The 1st PMB sent all their men to attack; they used M26 tanks, airstrikes and mortars to help them.

At first, the North Koreans stopped a lot of the attack, but then they were overwhelmed by the heavy fire that was targeting them. The 1st PMB started to take one hill at a time. The Marines took Obong-ni first, then they destroyed a lot of enemies there with airstrikes. They destroyed all of the 18th Regiment. The North Korean 4th Divisions tactics and strategies didn't work very well so they couldn't use them.

By August 18th, the Americans took Obong-ni and Cloverleaf Hill. The North Korean 4th Division only had about 300 or 400 men left, after starting with 700 men. The rest either surrendered or ran away because they didn't want to get captured.

In the Second Naktong Bulge, the 1st PMB only had 4,290 men, because about 500 men were killed in a month of war. They were getting ready to go to Pusan to escape to Japan, but they joined other Marines in the 1st Marine Division that would attack Ichon. They could not come because they were about to fight in Naktong. General Walker called them to help the 2nd Infantry Division in Naktong, but McArhut didn't like it because it would anger the East Command. They still fought. The attack was a threat to the supply line.

The 2nd Division took the river line in Naktong, and the 1st PMB rushed the river with everything they had. They planned their attack very well and won. After they helped the 2nd Infantry Division, they destroyed the North Korean army at the Naktong River then left as soon as the battle ended.

During a meeting between the 2nd Division, Eighth Army and 1st Provisional Marine Brigade, they all agreed to launch an attack at 8 AM on September 3rd at the Yongsan–Naktong River road. The Marines were going to attack the south, while the Army would attack the north. Their goal was to get in contact with the 23rd Infantry Regiment, 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion, 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry, 25th Infantry Division, and 72nd Tank Battalion.

The 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines and 1st Battalion, 5th Marines came to Yongsan while the 1st PMB was moved to the front of Yongsan. The 1st PMB was under control of the 2nd Division. At night, the A Company of the 2nd Engineers fought a lot with the Korean People's Army. At dawn on September 3rd, the A Company gained high ground and fought the entrenched Koreans. The company leader was hit with a grenade and injured by it. They later took over the hill with the help of tanks.

The Marines started an attack across some rice farms. The 1st Battalion, 5th Marines attacked the southern east-west and took an objective after the North Koreans were attacked by airstrikes and crossed to where the 2nd Battalion was. Airstrikes, machine gun fire, artillery and the 1st Battalion started to shoot the North Korean reinforcements. The 1st Battalion moved to another hill.

In the north, the 2nd Battalion took longer. They started to get a lot of fire when they went up about 3.2 km. The D Company, 2nd Battalion was isolated and some tanks were taking down North Korean T-34s. The North Korean crewmen abandoned 1/5th of all their armored vehicles. By the end of the day, the 2nd Battalion entrenched and lost 95 men. Most of them were from the D Company. 

The 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines was allowed to pass the 2nd Battalion and continue fighting in the morning. When the morning came, the North Koreans retreated and the 1st Battalion occupied some tents that looked like a command post. They quickly saw T-34 tanks that were abandoned and in good condition. At night, the North Koreans attacked the place and hit G Company hard. When it started to rain they slowed down. The North Koreans surrounded the G Company and some started hand to hand combat. The 9th Infantry came in and helped the Marines.

On September 5th, after 10-minute-long artillery preparations, the Americans started to move out in the rain. They moved to Obong-ni Ridge and the 9th Infantry came close to Cloverleaf Hill that was captured in the First Battle of Naktong Bulge. They saw some North Koreans going up. The marines split and took the pass between both hills.

About 300 North Koreans came in from the village of Tugok and started to fight the B Company. Some T-34s attacked by surprise and took out 2 M-26 Pershing Tanks. The B Company had to retreat, but the A and C Companies fought the North Koreans with mortars. By the end of the day, there were 1,245 casualties and 106 of them were marines. The number of North Korean deaths is unknown.

By September 4th, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was released from the 2nd Division by General Walker. He thought that he had enough men to continue on with his mission.

After the Battle of Yongsan, General Walker released the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade from control of the 2nd Division. On September 5th, the 1st PMB started to leave Yongsan, then they joined the 7th Marine Regiment and 1st Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division since the 1st Marine Division was being reformed. MacArthur said that he could not fight in Inchon if there were no Marines, so he sent some to the Army's 65th Infantry Regiment and 17th Infantry Regiment.

The Brigade had different sizes every time it was reactivated, but usually there was a Headquarters and Service Company. They also had companies much smaller than normal, and they would have a military police, and support companies. There were also signal companies and platoons. During the Negro Rebellion, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade had about 1,200 men that was in two separate regiments.

When the 1st PMB went to Iceland they had more men, these were 1st, 2nd, and 3rd battalions from the 6th Marine Regiment, the 2nd battalion the 10th Marine Regiment, the A company from the 2nd Tank Battalion, the A company from the 2nd Service Battalion, and the entire 5th Marine Defense Battalion.

When they went to Guam they had a very big brigade of 9,886 men. It had the 4th Marine Regiment, the 22nd Marine Regiment, a military police company, a signals platoon and an Artillery Battalion consisting of 4 batteries. The 53rd Naval Construction Battalion was also assigned to the Brigade.

In the Korean War, they had about 4,725 men: the 5th Marine Regiment's 1st, 2nd and 3rd battalions, the 1st Combat Engineer Battalion, the 1st Medical Battalion, the 1st Motor Transport Battalion, the 1st Ordnance Battalion, the 1st Service Battalion, the 1st Shore Party Battalion, the 1st Signal Battalion, the 1st Tank Battalion, the 1st Amphibian Tractor Company, and the 1st Combat Service Group. They also had support from the Marine Aircraft Group 33.

Even though the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade wasn't permanent, it still got streamers for its service and actions in Cuba, Iceland, Guam, Pusan, Yongsan and Naktong. These "streamers" or awards include:


Disney Junior (Polish TV channel)

Disney Junior is a British-based Polish pay television preschool channel. It is owned and opeated by The Walt Disney Company Limited.

The Walt Disney Company France

The Walt Disney Company France () is one of The Walt Disney Company's international divisions. It is headquartered in Paris, Île-de-France For Disney Channel

Disney XD (Canadian TV channel)

This article is about a Canadian television channel operated by Corus Entertainment and launched on December 1, 2015. For the Canadian television channel that was previously known as "Disney XD", see "WildBrainTV".

History
A Canadian version of Disney XD was originally launched by Astral Media on June 1, 2011, as a spin-off of Family Channel, which had historically held rights to the programming of Disney Channel and its spin-off brands. After Bell Media acquired Astral in 2013, the company sold Disney XD along with its sister channels (Family Channel and the French and English versions of Disney Junior) to DHX Media. On April 16, 2015, Corus Entertainment announced that it had reached an agreement to acquire Canadian rights to Disney Channel programming and brands.

Disney XD programming initially aired in a programming block on the Canadian version of Disney Channel, which Corus launched on September 1, 2015. The Disney XD-branded channel owned by DHX was renamed Family Chrgd on October 9, 2015, then again to its current moniker on March 1, 2022.

The new Corus-owned Disney XD channel launched on December 1, 2015, as an exempt discretionary service. On September 1, 2017, the channel obtained a discretionary service license from the CRTC. Through Corus Entertainment's acquisition of Shaw Media, Disney XD and its sister networks are now co-owned with the former Shaw Media channels as of April 1, 2016.

La Chaîne Disney

La Chaîne Disney is a Canadian French language channel. It is owned by Teletoon Canada, Inc.

ABC Spark

ABC Spark is a Canadian English language channel. It is owned by Corus Entertainment. The channel was launched on March 26, 2012.

Disney Junior (Latin American TV channel)

Disney Junior is a cable and satellite television channel in Hispanic America.


The Walt Disney Company Latin America

The Walt Disney Company Latin America is one of The Walt Disney Company's international divisions.

Mario Paint

Mario Paint is a title on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was originally bundled with the Super NES Mouse accessory. It was one of the few games to support it. The game received a Player's Choice reissue.

Mario's Time Machine

Mario's Time Machine is a Nintendo game which also is a sequel to the game Mario is Missing!

Télétoon

Télétoon (styled as TĒLĒTOON) is a Canadian French language channel. It is owned by Teletoon Canada, Inc.

To You I Belong

"To You I Belong" is 1998 song by Irish band B*Witched and is the third single from their debut studio album "B*Witched". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Ireland, number 5 in New Zealand, number 25 in Australia and number 42 in Sweden.





X-ray Reconstruction of Moving Morphology

X-ray Reconstruction of Moving Morphology, or XROMM, is a scientific research technique. Scientists use XROMM to make 3D movies of animals' bones while they are still alive.

In XROMM, a surgeon puts radio-opaque bone markers inside the animal's body. Then an X-ray video system can tell exactly where the markers are. This helps the scientists make very good videos of how the bones move.

Scientists at Brown University invented XROMM in 2010.

XROMM can be used to show birds in flight, humans running, frogs jumping, and a toad swallowing crickets.

Ya Bani al-Sahra'

"Ya Bani al-Sahra'" (, ; "O Sons of the Sahara") is the national anthem of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (commonly called Western Sahara).

Burundi Bwacu

"Burundi Bwacu" (; "Our Burundi") is the national anthem of Burundi.

Udzima wa ya Masiwa

"Udzima wa ya Masiwa" ("The Union of the Great Islands") is the national anthem of the Comoros.

Ry Tanindrazanay malala ô!

"Ry Tanindrazanay malala ô!" (; "Oh, beloved land of my ancestors!") is the national anthem of Madagascar.

Pátria Amada

"Pátria Amada" (; "Beloved Homeland") is the national anthem of Mozambique.

While the song has three verses, but usually only the first verse and chorus (which is repeated) are performed.

Rwanda Nziza

"Rwanda Nziza" (; "Beautiful Rwanda") is the national anthem of Rwanda.

HV 888

HV 888 (also known as WOH S140), is a red supergiant star in the Large Magellanic Cloud. It is among the largest known stars. It has a solar radius from over 1,400 to nearly 2,000 times that of the Sun. 

It is one of the most luminous of its type. Its luminosity is nearly 300,000 to over 500,000 times that of the luminosity of our Sun. The effective temperature is estimated to be around 3,500 K. If it was placed at the center of the Solar System, its photosphere would engulf the orbit of Jupiter and possibly even Saturn.

HV 888 is located in the constellation of Dorado with an apparent magnitude of 11.861, It has a diameter of between 1,027,548,900 to 1,373,311,800 km.

Fomalhaut

Fomalhaut is the brightest star in the southern constellation of Piscis Austrinus, the "Southern Fish". It is and one of the brightest stars in the night sky. The star has the Bayer designation Alpha Piscis Austrini"." It is a class A star on the main sequence. Fomalhaut is located about 25 light years from the Sun as measured by the Hipparcos astrometry satellite. Since 1943, the spectrum of this star has served as one of the stable anchor points by which other stars are classified.

It is classified as a Vega-like star that throws out excess infrared radiation. This shows that the star is surrounded by a circumstellar disk. Fomalhaut, Fomalhaut b, and red dwarf star Formalhaut c make up a triple system, even though they are separated by about 8 degrees.

Slow Hand

"Slow Hand" is a 1981 song by The Pointer Sisters and taken from their eighth studio album "Black & White". It went to number 2 in Canada, Ireland and the United States, number 5 in Australia, number 6 in New Zealand and number 10 in South Africa and the United Kingdom. It was covered by Conway Twitty.

2005–06 Austrian Cup

The 2005–06 Austrian Cup was the 72nd season of the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 


Effective temperature

The effective temperature of an astronomical body like a star or a planet is the temperature of a black body that would emit the same total amount of electromagnetic radiation. Effective temperature is often used as an estimate of a body's surface temperature when the body's emissivity curve (as a function of wavelength) is not known.

When the star's or planet's net emissivity in the relevant wavelength band is less than that of a black body, the actual temperature of the body will be higher than the effective temperature. The net emissivity may be low due to surface or atmospheric properties, including the greenhouse effect.

Ruzhany Palace

Ruzhany Palace (, ) is a ruined palace in Ruzhany village, Pruzhany Raion (district), Brest Voblast (province) in western Belarus. 

It was the main residence of the Polish-Lithuanian Sapieha noble family. The palace is currently and slowly being renovated. The palace gate and entry building are already renovated.

The first Ruzhany Palace was built by Lew Sapieha in 1602. The palace was destroyed during the civil war in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1700.
Ruzhany Palace was rebuilt in the Baroque and Neoclassical style in the 1770s, by Aleksander Michał Sapieha, employing the German architect Jan Samuel Becker of Saxony, who also designed an English-style garden around the palace. Aside from the palace, there was a theatre (1784–1788), an orangery and several other buildings. Becker also designed the local church (rebuilt in the 1850s).

The last King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, Stanisław II, visited the palace in 1784. By that time work on the palace was stopped. In 1795, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth was invaded and destroyed by the Russian Empire, Prussia and Austria. Then the land was divided among them. The palace, which was in the eastern part of the former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, became part of Russia.

The Sapieha estates were nationalized after the November Uprising by the Polish against the Russian Empire in 1831. In 1834, the palace was sold to be used as a textile mill and weaving factory.
In 1914, the palace was accidentally set on fire by factory workers. The First World War and financial problems prevented the building's renovation until 1930. However the partially restored palace became a ruin again during the Second World War. The palace gate and the entry building were renovated in 2012.


Prêmio Saci

The Prêmio Saci or Saci Award was a movie and theatre award in Brazil. During the 1950s and 1960s, it was the biggest award in national cinema. The award ceremonies took place each year.

The name of the prize takes reference from Saci, a figure of Brazilian folklore.


Hypnotized (Fleetwood Mac song)

"Hypnotized" is a 1973 song by British American band Fleetwood Mac and taken from their eighth studio album "Mystery to Me". The track was released as a single to the B-side "For Your Love". It was covered by The Pointer Sisters in 1978.

Anna Kubik

Anna Kubik (born January 8, 1957) is a Hungarian actress. She has won the Kossuth Prize and the Jászai Mari award.

Kubik graduated from the Academy of Theater and Film Arts in 1981. She then moved to the National Theatre. In 1991, she joined the Budapest Chamber Theatre, then the Artists' Theatre, and finally the Thália Theatre. In 1999, she went back to the National. In 2000, she joined the Hungarian Theater in Pest. From 2002, she was a guest artist in many performances of the new National Theater. In the same year, she was invited to play in Székesfehérvár in the Vörösmarty Theater. She was a member of the Csokonai National Theater in Debrecen until 2022. 

Kubik has been chairman of the board of trustees of the István Bubik Award since 2005.

Kubik divorced her husband, director Imre Csiszár in 1998. The have one child, Virág Csiszár (born 1990). Kubik was later the partner of István Bubik. After his death, she became the partner of Roland Selmeczi. He died in a car accident in 2008.

Madonna (Madonna album)

Madonna (retitled Madonna: The First Album for the 1985 reissue) is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, it was released on July 27, 1983, by Sire Records.

Theo Kleindijk

Theo Kleindijk (17 July 1938 – 13 November 2022) was a Dutch football player. Kleindijk played mainly as a left back. He played with ADO Den Haag and later with Holland Sport and SV SVV.

In 1955 he moved to ADO Den Haag. With ADO Den Haag he played 91 Eredivisie matches, 19 KNVB Cup matches and 33 friendly matches. In the 1950s he only played in a limited amount of matches. In the early 1960s he played more matches per season. In the 1963-64 season he played the most amount of matches, 26 of the 30 Dutch league matches. While under contract of ADO he played two seasons for Holland Sport. Afterwards he moved to SV SVV in Schiedam where he ended his career.

After his playing career he became a trainer (De Jagers, De Postduiven and GDA) and later a scout of FC Den Haag.

His son Ronald played in the youth selection of ADO Den Haag. Theo Kleindijk died in the night of 13 November 2022, at the age of 84.

Johan Hamel

Johan Hamel (11 October 1980 – 15 November 2022) was a French football referee.

On 6 March 2011 he made his professional debut directly in Ligue 1, the highest football league in France, in a match between Olympique Marseille and Lille. He officially became a referee in Ligue 1 during 2015-16 season. Hamel was the referee of 136 Ligue 1 matches. He was also the referee of 86 Ligue 2 matches.

His last match as referee was the match between Lille OSC and Rennes on 6 November 2022 and on 13 November he was a video assistant referee of Paris Saint-Germain against Auxerre. 2 days later, on 15 November he died from a heart attack during a training at the age of 42.

Edward Lisovskii

Edward Lisovskii (born June 30, 1995, Saint Petersburg, Russia) is a Russian opposition public figure, the founder of the childfree movement in Russia. He was forced to leave Russia by the Russian law enforcement forces.

Edward Lisovskii  was born on June 30, 1995 in St. Petersburg into a large family.

His father Lisovskii Pavel Eduardovich was the first employee of MegaFon, the largest mobile phone operator in Russia.

In 2012, Edward Lisovskii published the principles of the Childfree ideology in Russia and started several public groups on social networks.

In 2013, VKontakte, Russian social media, blocked communities on social networks created by Lisovskii at the request of the at the request of the prosecutor's office of Russia. In 2013, Lisovskii's new community on the social network was banned with no further explanations. He urgently left St. Petersburg.

In 2022, Senator Margarita Pavlova came up with a bill to ban content related to Childfree topics, and called Edward Lisovskii an extremist. Because of that Edward moved to Indonesia.

Rehman Sobhan

Rehman Sobhan (Bengali: রেহমান সোবহান; born 12 March 1935) is a Bangladeshi economist.

Donald Trump 2024 presidential campaign

The 2024 presidential campaign of Donald Trump was announced by Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States from 2017 to 2021. He announced his candidacy for the 2024 presidential election on November 15, 2022.

Trump is currently seeking the nomination for the Republican primaries. If he is elected, he will become the second president after Grover Cleveland to serve two non-consecutive presidential terms.

After Joe Biden won the 2020 United States presidential election, Trump became the first incumbent president since the 1992 presidential election to lose his reelection bid. Trump also became the first president since George H. W. Bush to serve one presidential term.

After he lost the 2020 election, Trump refused to concede to Biden and accept his loss. He later made widespread false claims of election and voter fraud, and saying it was rigged and stolen from him, despite no evidence to support his claims.

Trump later made many attempts to overturn the election results, to prevent Biden's presidential transition and block the certification of his election victory, which later resulted in the attack on the United States Capitol, which left five people dead and later resulted in his second impeachment, becoming the first U.S. president to be impeached twice.

Trump left office on January 20, 2021, and became the first outgoing president since 1869, who did not attend his successor's inauguration.

On November 15, 2022, he announced his candidacy for 2024 presidential election.

This also officially makes Trump's fourth presidential campaign, as he ran for president in 2000, 2016, 2020, and is running again in 2024.

This later caused wide speculation that both Trump and Biden may face a potential rematch in the 2024 election. If Trump and Biden are renominated, this would be the first presidential rematch since the 1956 presidential election.

As of 2023, there are multiple factors working against Trump such as, the hearings of the January 6 Committee, FBI search of Mar-a-Lago, Raffensperger phone call, Stormy Daniels scandal, and his indictment by the New York grand jury.

Riteish Deshmukh

Riteish Vilasrao Deshmukh (born 17 December 1978) is an Indian actor, television presenter and movie producer. 

He is the son of former Chief Minister of Maharashtra Vilasrao Deshmukh. He works in Hindi and Marathi cinema. He has acted in over 60 movies, in Hindi and Marathi cinema.


ONERA

The Office national d'études et de recherches aérospatiales (ONERA) is the leading French research center in the aeronautics, space and defense sectors. 

All disciplines and technologies in the field are involved. Many aerospace programs have gone through ONERA: Ariane, Falcon, Rafale, Airbus, missiles, helicopters, engines, radars, etc.

Under the supervision of the Ministry of Defence, this center has a budget of about 230 million euros, half of it in state subsidies. ONERA has great testing and calculation resources. They also have the largest fleet of wind tunnels in Europe. 

They employ about 2,000 people. Most of them are researchers, engineers and technicians.

The President of ONERA is appointed by the Council of Ministers on the proposal of the Minister of Defense.


Disney Junior (Portuguese TV channel)

Disney Junior is a Portuguese pay television channel.

Guardians of the Galaxy (TV series)

Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy (titled Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission Breakout for the final season) is a Canadian/American animated television series. It is based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. It is produced by Marvel Animation. And DHX Media The series airs on Disney XD.



Adult Swim (Canadian TV channel)

Adult Swim (stylized as [adult swim]) is a Canadian English language television channel.

Clifford the Big Red Dog (2019 TV series)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an animated children's television series. It is a reboot of the book series of the same name.

Knowledge Network and TVOKids in Canada. PBS Kids in the United States. Canal J and TF1 in France. Sky Kids in the United Kingdom.

1 season consists of 39 episodes.
Aplastodiscus

The Canebrake tree frogs (Aplastodiscus) are a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in southeastern Brazil near the Atlantic Ocean. One frog, Aplastodiscus pervirdis, also lives in Argentina, and it might live in Paraguay.

At first, "Aplastodiscus" had two frog species in it. In 2005, frog scientists looked at Hylidae again and decided that 12 more frogs should go into "Aplastodiscus". They moved them into "Aplastodiscus" from "Hyla". Now, there are 16 species in "Aplastodiscus".

There are currently 16 species in "Aplastodiscus":

Currently, none of the species are in danger of dying out. But there are fewer of some frogs than others. Human beings change the places where they live to build houses, farms, and towns. Pollution, climate change, and disease can also hurt these frogs. Some invasive species can kill this frog. Many of the species are data deficient. That means that scientists do not know enough about them to know if they are in danger or not.

Angklung

The angklung is an Indonesian music instrument. It is made of many bamboo tubes. In 2010, UNESCO officially declared angklung a World Heritage item. 

Angklung typically has two tubes and a base. Master artisans whittle bamboo into tubes of different sizes, which determine the angklung’s pitch. When a player gently shakes or taps the bamboo base, the instrument produces a single pitch. Since Angklungs only play a single note, players must work together to create melodies by shaking their angklungs at different pitches.

The Angklung’s origin dates back 400 years to West Java, Indonesia. Villagers believed the sound of bamboo could attract the attention of Déwi Sri, the goddess of rice and prosperity. Each year, the village’s best craftsmen used special black bamboo to create angklungs. During the harvest season, they held ceremonies and played Angklungs in hopes that the deity would bless them with fertile crops.

The instrument is still a staple in Indonesian culture. The government hosts Angklung performances to welcome honorable guests to Indonesia’s Presidential Palace. Angklung’s uplifting sound can be heard in classrooms around the world since it’s a great way for teachers to introduce students to Indonesian music and culture.

Matthew, Count of Boulogne

Matthew of Boulogne (1137 - 14 July 1173) was the son of Thierry of Flanders, he was killed in battle at Driencourt in 1173.

Citytv Bogotá

Citytv is a Colombian free-to-air television channel. It is owned by El Tiempo Casa Editorial (ETCE). The channel was founded in 1999.

Maritime boundary

A maritime boundary is a division of the Earth's water surface areas.

The Future Is Wild (2007 TV series)

The Future Is Wild is a 2007-08 Canadian/Singaporean animated CGI children's educational television series. It was Co-Produced by Nelvana Limited and Singaporean animation studio IVL Animation with the participation of Teletoon and Discovery Kids.

Nickelodeon (Brazilian TV channel)

Nickelodeon is a Brazilian pay television channel. It is focused on kids programming. It was launched in 1996.


Yearim

Yearim Productions Co., Ltd., () founded in 1991, is a full service 2D (including digital animation) Korean animation studio located in Seoul, South Korea with a satellite office in Los Angeles.


Dennis Highberger

Dennis "Boog" Highberger (born September 26, 1959) is an American politician. He was a City Council member in Lawrence, Kansas from 2003 to 2009. He was also Lawrence's mayor from 2005 to 2006. He graduated from the University of Kansas School of Law in 1992. He was an attorney with the Kansas Department of Health and Environment from 1992 to 2011. He has been a Democratic member for the 46th district in the Kansas House of Representatives since 2015.

Lewis and Clark State Historic Site

The Lewis and Clark State Historic Site is an attraction in Hartford, Illinois that has been around since 2002. It is ran by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources Division of Historic Preservation. It has recreated Camp Dubois on its grounds for entertainment. The site is at the south end of the Meeting of the Great Rivers Scenic Route.

Camp Dubois

Camp Dubois is near present-day Wood River, Illinois. It served as the winter camp and launch-point for the exploration of the Louisiana Purchase by the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

The Babylon Bee

The Babylon Bee is an American Christian Conservative parody news and satire website. 

The Babylon Bee is known for having silly headlines. Snopes has sometimes fact-checked The Babylon Bee and The Babylon Bee complained about it saying that its articles are meant as jokes not real news. The people who own The Babylon Bee have a podcast which once interviewed Elon Musk.

The Onion is similar in that it also has rather hilarious headlines.


Tim Pool

Timothy Daniel Pool, better known as Tim Pool is a Korean American podcaster, journalist and musician who voted for Bernie Sanders in 2016 and Donald Trump in 2020.

Tim Pool was born in Chicago in 1986. He dropped out of school in 2000 when he was 14 years old.

In 2011, Tim Pool started filming the Occupy Wall Street protests and putting the videos on YouTube. By 2012, Pool became famous for his reporting on the protest and his videos of it were used as a source of information by NBC and The Washington Post.

In 2013, Tim Pool started working for Vice and reported for them on protests in Istanbul. In 2014, he joined Fusion TV and helped with the creation of Vice News.

Tim Pool left Vice News and instead started to focus on using his YouTube channels for political commentary. He debated Twitter’s banning of Alex Jones against Jack Dorsey on Joe Rogan’s podcast.

Tim Pool calls himself a left-wing libertarian and a moderate liberal and says he supports centrism. He has said that he’s “to the left of Dave Rubin, not as far as Bernie Sanders though I liked him for president in 2016”. Tim Pool says that he wanted to support Bernie Sanders again in 2020 but decided not to do that after Sanders started to support identity politics and instead supported Tulsi Gabbard and later Andrew Yang. In 2020, Tim Pool voted for Donald Trump against Joe Biden for president of the United States and said that he thought that Biden had dementia. Pool also criticized lockdowns that were put in place because of Covid-19. When Ben Shapiro interviewed Tim Pool, Pool said “I’m on the cultural right”.

Rea Stark

Rea Stark (* St. Gallen, June 11, 1983) is an industrial designer, entrepreneur and investor. He has Croatian and Swiss origin.

Stark graduated as a designer from the GBS School of Design in St. Gallen, Switzerland. He founded his own design studio and worked as an industrial designer for Sony, LG, Canon and Nespresso., among others. In 2016, Stark founded Piëch Automotive in Zurich with Anton Piëch, the son of former VW supervisory board chairman Ferdinand Piëch.

In 2020 Stark founded the Quantum Group. He made an $11.5 billion offer to VW for the Lamborghini brand, making headlines around the world. The offer has been rejected by the VW concern so far (facts from June 2021) 

At the end of 2020 Stark has relinquished his role as one of the two CEOs of Piëch Automotive. According to his own statement, he stepped down from the company's operational role, but continues as chief design officer responsible for the creative area.

Stark lives in Zurich.



Leonard Read

Leonard Edward Read was an American businessman World War I veteran and libertarian political activist. Read supported the Austrian School of Economics and started the Foundation for Economic Education. He also wrote 29 books and the essay I, Pencil. The magazine he and the Foundation for Economic Education published called The Freeman was something that Ronald Reagan read and Reagan said that it was part of why he became a conservative.

Foundation for Economic Education

The Foundation for Economic Education is the oldest libertarian think tank in the United States of America. It was created by Leonard Read in 1946. It opposed the New Deal, the Marshall Plan, social security and minimum wage.

In 1945, Jasper Crane and Alfred Kohlberg complained about the New Deal and said that they wanted laissez-faire capitalism. So Leonard Read, Henry Hazlitt, David Goodrich, Donaldson Brown, Leo Wolman, Fred Rogers Fairchild and Crane decided to create a think tank to teach people about how important economic liberty was.

Leonard Read became the first president of the Foundation for Economic Education in 1946 but in 1983, he died. Someone named Perry E. Gresham took over until FEE (the acronym for Foundation for Economic Education) found a man named John Sparks Senior to replace him. One year later Sparks was replaced by Bob Love. Love left in 1988 and was replaced by Bruce Evans. In 1992, Hans Sennholtz took over. Many different people were president of FEE after him, though from 2008 to 2019 its president was an economist named Lawrence Reed.

Lawrence Reed

Lawrence Reed is an economist and libertarian political commentator. Reed was a friend of Joseph Overton and the best man at Overton’s wedding. Reed was president of the Foundation for Economic Education from 2008 to 2019 when he retired and allowed a Lithuanian named Zilvenas Silenas to take over.

In 2015, Reed wrote an essay for the Foundation for Economic Education called “Rendering unto Caesar:Was Jesus a Socialist” arguing that Jesus was not a Socialist. Then in 2019, Reed made a Prager University video called “Was Jesus a Socialist” based on that article arguing that Jesus was not a Socialist. Then in 2020, Reed wrote a book called “Was Jesus a Socialist” based on his Prager University video arguing that Jesus did not support Socialism.

Holy Week in Spain

Holy Week in Spain is a holiday mostly celebrated by the Spanish speaking countries that celebrate holy week for Catholics.

Joseph Overton

Joseph Overton was a libertarian political commentator.

He is known for having come up with the idea of the Overton Window a theory about how political ideas that were once unacceptable become mainstream or how ones that were once mainstream become unacceptable. Overton came up with the idea to explain the need for think tanks like the one where he worked. Overton had Lawrence Reed as the best man at his wedding in 2003 and Overton and his wife died in a plane accident a few months later.

Epic Rap Battles of History

Epic Rap Battles of History is a comedy and music YouTube channel created in 2010. It has famous people from history and famous fictional characters rap battling against each other. It has guest starred Weird Al as Sir Isaac Newton for the video “Sir Isaac Newton versus Bill Nye” and has guest starred Snoop Dogg as Moses in the video “Moses vs Santa Claus”. Their most popular video is "Barack Obama vs Mitt Romney. The rap battles were originally on the channel nice peter before they started to upload them on the official ERB channel before season 2. Their video "Issac Newton versus Bill Nye was seen by Neil deGrasse Tyson and said he would have played a part if they asked as he was in it. They have made a website which includes videos they upload, merchandise, and their Patreon. Epic Rap Battles of History currently has 88 rap battles, and 7 seasons. They also have a second channel named ERB2 where they usually upload behind the scenes and rap battle suggestions. The show has also stared Key and Peele twice in their videos "Muhammad Ali vs Michael Jordan" and "Gandhi vs Martin Luther King Jr. 

Sinking Ship Entertainment

Sinking Ship Entertainment is a Canadian-based production company.

CTV 2 Alberta

CTV 2 Alberta is a Canadian English language entertainment and former educational television channel. It is in the province of Alberta.

Educational Broadcasting System

Korea Educational Broadcasting System () or EBS is a South Korean educational public broadcaster and radio network covering South Korean territory, and the only major South Korean radio and television network without a separate regional service. It was established as KBS 3 and KBS Educational Radio in the 1980s, and became an independent corporation in 1990.

The main counterparts of this network are American Broadcasting Company, CBS, National Public Radio, and Public Broadcasting Service in the United States, as well as Korean Broadcasting System, and Educational Broadcasting System in South Korea, Doordarshan in India, Radio Philippines Network, People's Television Network, Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, and Philippine Broadcasting Service in the Philippines, NHK in Japan, TV3, and Radio Televisyen Malaysia in Malaysia, ARD in the Germany, TF1, and France 2 in France, RAI in Italy, RTVE in Spain, Rádio e Televisão de Portugal in Portugal, SBT, TV Cultura, and TV Brasil in Brazil, Pershyi in Ukraine, Telewizja Polska in Poland, Nederlandse Publieke Omroep in the Netherlands, CCTV in China, Thai PBS, and Royal Thai Army Radio and Television in the Thailand, Televisa, and Canal Once in Mexico, Nigerian Television Authority in Nigeria, South African Broadcasting Corporation in the South Africa, Special Broadcasting Service, and Australian Broadcasting Corporation in Australia, Raidió Teilifís Éireann in Ireland, Public Broadcasting Corporation of Jamaica in Jamaica, Senal Colombia in Colombia, TVNZ in the New Zealand, Qatar Television, and Al Jazeera in the Qatar, Russia-1, and Channel One in the Russia, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in Canada, and Channel 4, and British Broadcasting Corporation in the United Kingdom.


Western International Communications

WIC Western International Communications Ltd. (or WIC) was a Canadian media company. It operated from 1982 to 2017. Operations included television and radio.

Jupiter LXXII

Jupiter LXXII or S/2011 J 1 is a Moon of Jupiter. It is known after Dia that was named as the group of Carme.

Nickelodeon (Canadian TV channel)

Nickelodeon is a Canadian English language television channel. It is based on the American cable network of the same name. It is owned by Corus Entertainment.

CHMI-DT

CHMI-DT (channel 13) is a television station in Canada. It broadcasts the Citytv network to the Winnipeg area.

Hampden, Massachusetts

Hampden is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Longmeadow, Massachusetts

Longmeadow is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Ludlow, Massachusetts

Ludlow is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Monson, Massachusetts

Monson is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Montgomery, Massachusetts

Montgomery is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Russell, Massachusetts

Russell is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Southwick, Massachusetts

Southwick is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Tolland, Massachusetts

Tolland is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Wales, Massachusetts

Wales is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Belchertown, Massachusetts

Belchertown is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Chesterfield, Massachusetts

Chesterfield is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Cummington, Massachusetts

Cummington is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Goshen, Massachusetts

Goshen is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Granby, Massachusetts

Granby is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Hadley, Massachusetts

Hadley is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Hatfield, Massachusetts

Hatfield is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Huntington, Massachusetts

Huntington is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Middlefield, Massachusetts

Middlefield is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Pelham, Massachusetts

Pelham is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Plainfield, Massachusetts

Plainfield is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

South Hadley, Massachusetts

South Hadley is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Westhampton, Massachusetts

Westhampton is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Williamsburg, Massachusetts

Williamsburg is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

The Colour and the Shape

The Colour and the Shape is the second studio album by Foo Fighters, an American rock band. It was released on May 20, 1997 by Roswell and Capitol Records. "The Colour and the Shape" is the first album by the Foo Fighters with a full band. This is because their first album, "Foo Fighters", was only made by Dave Grohl. After the album became very popular, Grohl let Pat Smear, Nate Mendel, and William Goldsmith join the Foo Fighters.

The album's singles are "Monkey Wrench", "Everlong", and "My Hero". They all went into the top ten on US rock radio charts. The album went to number ten on the "Billboard" 200, and number three in the United Kingdom. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1998. The album has sold more than two million copies in the United States. It is the band's best selling album. It was remastered in 2007. "The Colour and the Shape" was the band's last album that was released by Capitol Records.

Dave Grohl was the only musician on the band's first album, "Foo Fighters". He made all of the music on it, except for a guitar part made by Greg Dulli. The band got very popular because of the songs "This Is A Call" and "Big Me", so Dave Grohl did a concert tour with other musicians. The musicians were bassist Nate Mendel, drummer William Goldsmith, and guitarist Pat Smear. They joined the band during the tour. Many music magazines thought that the band would make a garage rock album, but the band wanted to make normal rock music. Capitol Records, the band's record label, gave Foo Fighters a lot of control on how the album was going to sound. The songs on the album were written during sound checks before the band's concerts on the tour. Grohl would play simple riffs on his guitar, and other members jammed along to them to make songs.

Producer Gil Norton helped make the album. Grohl hired him because he liked Norton's work with the Pixies, another band. Norton wanted the band to get better. He made Nate Mendel practice playing the bass guitar. Grohl said that making the album with Norton was difficult, but "at the end of the day you listened back to what you'd done and you understood why you had to do it one million times".

In the autumn of 1996, the band started to work on the album. During this time, they rewrote some songs, and played them to see how they sounded. Norton helped the band look at the "basics" of each song, so they could play better music around it. In November 1996, the band went to Bear Creek Studio in Washington to start recording. The studio was on a farm, and the band lived in a house next to the studio. Grohl said recording at Bear Creek was "bad". He decided to get rid of most of the recordings the band made there.

In December, the band took a break. Grohl wrote new songs during the break. He recorded "Walking After You" and an acoustic version of "Everlong" by himself.

The rest of "The Colour and the Shape" was recorded at Grandmaster Recorders, a music studio in Hollywood. The band did not tell William Goldsmith, their drummer, to come with them. For four weeks, the band re-recorded music for the album. Grohl played the drums because Goldsmith was not there. By the end of recording, the only songs where Goldsmith was the drummer were "Doll" and "Up in Arms". Grohl said that Goldsmith's drumming was good, but it was not how he wanted it to sound. This is why Grohl decided to play the drums himself. Goldsmith asked if he should go to Hollywood with the band, but Grohl told him not to because he was only doing overdubs. Mendel told Goldsmith what was going on. Grohl said he still wanted Goldsmith to be in Foo Fighters, but he left the band.

After going to Hollywood, recording the album cost much more money. Capitol Records wanted the band to make the album quickly, because time in the studio cost a lot of money. The band did not get stressed by Capitol asking them to make the album in less time.

"The Colour and the Shape" started being sold on May 20, 1997. The main single from the album ("Monkey Wrench") was released a month before the album. Smear said that he wanted to leave the band because he was too tired to do a long concert tour. People that spoke for the band said that he was not leaving. A concert tour for the album started in May 1997. On September 4, at one of the concerts on the tour, Smear left the band. He gave his guitar to Franz Stahl so he could finish the concert.

In August 1997, "Everlong" was released as a single. It was the best selling single from the album. It was certified double platinum by the RIAA. In 1998, "My Hero" was also released as a single. All three singles went into the top ten on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock music chart. To mark ten years of the album being sold, Foo Fighters released it again on July 10, 2007. This version of the album has six extra songs: "Dear Lover", "The Colour and the Shape", and four covers.

Worthington, Massachusetts

Worthington is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

The Long and Winding Road

"The Long and Winding Road" is a 1970 song by The Beatles and taken from their 12th and final album "Let It Be". It went to number 1 in Canada and the United States, number 3 in New Zealand, number 5 in Italy, number 7 in Australia and Sweden and number 8 in Belgium and Switzerland.

Thai Public Broadcasting Service

The Thai Public Broadcasting Service (; ), or TPBS (), is a public broadcasting service in Thailand.

TiJi

TiJi is a French, Kazakh and Russian television channel. It is for children aged three to six.


Gulli

Gulli (; stylised as gulli) is a French free-to-air television channel. It is focused on kids programming for those aged 3 to 14.

Pollux b

Pollux b, (also known as Beta Geminorum b and HD 62509 b, formally named Thestias), is an extrasolar planet about 34 light years away in the constellation of Gemini. This planet was discovered orbiting the star Pollux in 2006 by the astronomer, Artie P. Hatzes, confirming his hypothesis originally published in 1993. The planet has twice the mass of Jupiter. It moves around its star in 1.61 years at a distance of 1.64 AU in a nearly circular orbit.

In July 2014 the International Astronomical Union (IAU) launched NameExoWorlds, a process for giving proper names to certain extrasolar planets and their host stars. The process involved public nomination and voting for the new names. In December 2015, the IAU announced the winning name was Thestias for this planet. The winning name was based on that originally submitted by theSkyNet of Australia; specifically Leda, Pollux's mother in Greek and Roman mythology. At the request of the IAU, 'Thestias' (the patronym of Leda, a daughter of Thestius) was substituted. This was because 'Leda' was already attributed to an asteroid known as 38 Leda and to one of Jupiter's satellites known as Leda.

Leen Droppert

Leendert "Leen" Droppert (24 April 1930 – 15 November 2022) was a Dutch visual artist.

Droppert was born in Vlaardingen in 1930. He attended the "Amsterdamse Grafische School" (Amsterdam Graphic School) in Amsterdam and the Willem de Kooning Academy, an evening art adacemy in Rotterdam. In 1947 he founded the together with six other visual artists from Vlaardingen.

Droppert worked as a visual artist and spatial designer since the early 1950s. His works belong to both figurative art and abstract art. Between the 1950s and 1970s he created dozens of wall paintings, ceramic wall sculptures and stained glass windows. He is more known for the various parks and (school)squares he designed during the 1970s and 1980s that includes his works of art.

It is his most known sculpture is the ' which was unveiled by Beatrix of the Netherlands on 12 March 1983. The monument commemorates the Geuzen, the first large group of resistance fighters from World War II and the Geuzen who did not survive the war. Each year on 13 March, the Geuzen are commemorated with a silent march to the monument where the ' is awarded.

In 2008, Droppert created a flood pile project of the in Vlaardingen. The project consists of four flood poles, which indicate the water level at the storm surge of 1775. The poles are located at Maasboulevard, Mendelssohnplein, Westhavenkade and Zomerstraat in Vlaardingen.

Droppert received the honorary medal of the city of Vlaardingen in 2010, and so became honorary citizen of the municipality. The same year, Museum Vlaardingen held the exposition about the works of Droppert named "Zover het oog reikt" on the occasion of his eightieth birthday. In 2020, the year of his ninetieth birthday, Museum Vlaardingen held again an exposition with his works.

Droppert married to Beatrix van der Kuil who died in 2006. From around 2020 he lived in care home Drieën-Huysen in Vlaardingen due to his declining health. Droppert died there after a short illness on 15 November 2022, at the age of 92.

List of GMA Network stations

The following is a list of television stations that are either affiliated or owned-and-operated by GMA Network.


DZEA-TV

DZEA-TV (channel 10) is a television station in North Central Luzon, Philippines, airing programming from the GMA network. Owned and operated by the network's namesake corporate parent, the station maintains studios at the GMA Complex, Claveria Road, Malued District, Dagupan City, Pangasinan, while its transmitter facilities shared with GTV outlet DWDG-TV channel 22 are located atop Mount Santo Tomas.

Its studios are in the GMA Complex, Claveria Road, Malued District, Dagupan City, Pangasinan. Its analog and digital transmitters are located at Mt. Sto. Tomas, Tuba, Benguet. 
They opened in 1980. It is the first television station serving Northern and Central Luzon.

UHF Channel 38 (617.143 MHz)



Michael Gerson

Michael John Gerson (May 15, 1964 – November 17, 2022) was an op-ed columnist for "The Washington Post", a Policy Fellow with One Campaign, a visiting fellow with the Center for Public Justice, and a former senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. 

He served as President George W. Bush's chief speechwriter from 2001 until June 2006, as a senior policy advisor from 2000 through June 2006. He was also a member of the White House Iraq Group.



Suzanne Bertrand

Suzanne Bertrand was a French competitive swimmer and dancer from Paris during the early 1920s. She was a member of Libellule de Paris.

Bertrand was most succesfull in 1920. On 7 June she won the 100 metre event at the swimming event organized by the "Ligue Maritime Française". On 18 July she won the 50 metre debutant competition. Near the end of the year she won the 100 metre event in Château-Landon. During the year she also competed a other swimming competitions, including at the national championships and the championships of Paris. In 1922 she was a member of the French national team that competed at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in Monte Carlo, about the earliest international women's swimming championships. She competed in the 100 metre freestyle event and in the 200 metre breaststroke event. In the 100 metre freestyle heats she competed in her heat against the Belgian Germaine van Dievoet who won the heat, the Dutch Alida Bolten and British Ayden.

As a dancer she practiced dancing at the school of . At the 1922 Women's Olympiad she participated in the gymnastics dancing demonstration event.

Bonnet lived in Paris. She was the sister of water polo player M. Bertrand, who played with La Libellule de Paris.


Juliette Gardelle

Juliette Gardelle sometimes written as Julia Gardelle (17 July 1898 - 21 September 1990) was a French competitive swimmer between 1913 and 1927. She was a member of Mouettes de Paris, later CNP and later of Gascony cadets in 1927.

In 1922 Gardelle won the in Tourcoing. This was the first time this national championship was held. In 1922 she also became Champion of Paris in the long distance.

She won the four times in 1921, 1922 and 1926 (sometimes as an amateur, sometimes as a professional), after finishing second in the event in 1917, 1918 and 1919 (as well as in 1924).

In 1922 she was a member of the French national team that competed at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in Monte Carlo, about the earliest international women's swimming championships. She competed in the longest swimming distance, the 400 metre freestyle event.

Gardelle was the sister of Renée (born 1900), Henriette (1905-1928) and Ella were all swimmers. Henriette Gardelle finished second in the swim across Paris in 1921 and third in 1923. Under her married name, Prévost-Gardelle, she finished third again in 1925 and 1926. Gardelle married in Paris in 1935 to Paul Armand Félix Daguerre, a builder from Toulouse. She worked as a housekeeper.

Voith-Platz

The Voith-Platz was a football venue in St. Pölten, the capital city of Lower Austria. It was approved for 8,000 spectators. It was the homeground of different clubs from St. Pölten. The name was derived from the Voith company that owned the property.
In 1949, a number of footballers approached the general management of the Voith company to found a company sports club (BSV Voith). The first "BSV Voith" games were still played in Stattersdorf, but in the spring of 1950 construction of the Voithplatz began. The company Voith provided the ground. In spring 1951 the first match was held. (BSV Voith vs. SC Rabenstein 18:1) 

1973, two of the then 13 St. Pölten clubs, "BSV Voith" and "SC Furthner Schwarze Elf", merged to form the new "VSE St. Pölten" (Voith-Schwarze Elf St. Pölten). The homground of the new club was again the Voith-Platz. Between 1988 and 1994, the VSE played for six seasons in the Bundesliga, Austria's top division. After some financial problems and relegation to the 4th league, the club was dissolved.

The unofficial successor club was the SKN St. Pölten. In 2007 the ground was renovated for €90,000 with the support of the city of St. Pölten. The stands, sidewalks, cabins, floodlights and toilet facilities were renewed. On May 18, 2012, the last Bundesliga championship game took place at Voithplatz. SKN played in the new NV Arena. After the SKN moved to the new arena, the Voithplatz continued to be used for women's and amateur football.

Demolition work began in October 2020. The St. Pölten housing cooperative built residential complex on the site.

The Little Lulu Show

The Little Lulu Show is an American animated cartoon children's educational television series. The series first premiered on November 11, 1995 and final ended on May 26, 1998. It was produced by CINAR Corporation and TMO-Loonland Film GMBH (Season 3) And Produced In Association with CTV (Seasons 1-2) and HBO (Seasons 1-2) and with the Participation of The Cable Production Fund (Season 2) and Family Channel (Season 3).


Poppets Town

Poppets Town (; also styled as PoppetsTown; Popilouville in French) is a Canadian-Japanese-Catalan animated children's television series. It is produced by Decode Entertainment and Neptuno Films. The series is based on the characters created by Japanese writer Jun Ichihara. The series was broadcast on Knowledge Network and TVOKids in Canada.

"Poppets Town" follows Blooter and his best friends Patty and Bobby. It tells the stories of how they solve everyday problems in Poppets Town.

TVO (Canada) Knowledge (Canada) Playhouse Disney (Spain) Disney Channel (Japan And The United States) ABC (Australia) TVNZ (New Zealand) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV (India) TiJi (France) Gulli (France) EBS (South Korea) Toon Disney (India)


Disney Junior (Scandinavian TV channel)

Disney Junior is a Scandinavian television channel. It is for preschoolers targeting the Nordic countries. It does not screen advertisements. The channel is funded by subscriptions instead.

Aplastodiscus ehrhardti

Ehrhardt's snouted tree frog or the Santa Catarina tree frog, ("Aplastodiscus ehrhardti") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Accelerated Reader

Accelerated Reader (AR) is a website used to assist students with reading skills. Some research showed that AR does not help middle school students read better or make them want to read more. Other research showed that it may be bad for high school students.

C. V. Ananda Bose

Dr. C. V. Ananda Bose (born 2 January 1951) is an Indian politician and former civil servent. He became the governor of West Bengal in November 2022. Before that, he was advisor of Government of Meghalaya.

Bose is a retired Indian Administrative Service officer of 1977 batch from Kerala cadre. He has been secretary in various departments and ministries of the Government of India and the state of Kerala.

Bose was born on 2 January 1951 at Kottayam, a village in Indian state of Kerala. He spent his childhood over there. His parents were P K Vasudevan Pillai and C Padmavaty Amma.

Bose holds a Ph.D from BITS Pilani; B.A in KE College and M.A in English Language and Literature from .

Bose has worked as Vice Chancellor in National Museum Insttitute. He served as Principal Secretary to the Chief Minister, Chairman of central public sector undertaking Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) and District Collector in Kerala. He also served the Chairman of the Habitat Alliance, in consultative status with the United Nations.

Bose has represented India in the European Council for Nuclear Research (CERN), Geneva and International Fusion Energy Organisation (ITER), France. He was the chairman of the Atomic Energy Education Society.

He was the head of the prestigious Supreme Court Committee on the treasures of ‘Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple’ Kerala.

He also worked during Modi government.

Bose was appointed as 22nd governor of West Bengal by President of India Draupadi Murmu on November 2022. He succeeded La. Ganesan.

Bose has married with L S Lakshmi. He has a son and a daughter. He has published 32 books in English, Malayalam.

Longleaf pine

The Longleaf Pine is a kind of pine tree that grows in the Southeastern United States. It is also the state tree of Alabama.

Ismail II

Ismail II (; Born Ismail Mirza; 31 May 1537 – 24 November 1577) was the third Shah of Safavid Iran from 1576 to 1577. In November of 1577, Ismail unexpectedly died. It is believed his sister, Pari Khan Khanum, poisoned him. 

Nintendo eShop

The Nintendo eShop is an online video game store for video game products by Nintendo. The eShop is featured on the Wii U, 3DS, and Nintendo Switch. The eShop first opened on the 3DS on June 6, 2011 along with the 3DS Browser. The eShop and all other Nintendo-ran online services, will shut down on March 27, 2023 for the 3DS and Wii U.

The Nintendo eShop features video games and downloadable content. You can purchase them using debit card info or using a Nintendo Network ID or on the Switch a Nintendo Account. On the Nintendo Switch, when using legitimate game cartridges, you can redeem them for Gold Points. Gold Points let you purchase items as you would in cents on redeemable games and content. On the Nintendo eShop you can get deals or certain content for lower prices.

Some games feature a demo, that allow you to play some parts or use small features of the game. It is usually a way for you to decide if you want to purchase the game or not.

On August 29, 2022, on the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, you are unable to add funds to your Nintendo Account to purchase games and content. You can still purchase games with your remaining funds after that date. On March 27, 2023, on the 3DS and Wii U the Nintendo eShop, and all other online services by Nintendo will be shut down.

Nikita Sharma

Nikita Sharma is an Indian actress. She mostly works in Hindi television.


Koste Seselwa

"Together, Seychellois" is the national anthem of Seychelles. It became the island country's national anthem in 1996, three years after the Constitution was made; before that, Seychelles had another national anthem. The words of the song were written in just one day by David François Marc André and George Charles Robert Payet, who both composed the music as well. The anthem was arranged by Russian band conductor Anatoliy Savatinov, and it was first recorded in the city of Paris.

South Sudan Oyee!

"South Sudan Oyee!" (; "South Sudan Hurrah!") is the national anthem of South Sudan.

<poem>
Oh God
We praise and glorify You
For Your grace on South Sudan
Land of great abundance
Uphold us united in peace and harmony.

Oh Motherland
We rise raising flag with the guiding star
And singing songs of freedom with joy;
For justice, liberty and prosperity
Shall forever more reign!

Oh great patriots
Let us stand up in silence and respect,
Saluting our martyrs whose blood
Cemented our national foundation,
We vow to protect our nation.

Oh God, bless South Sudan!</poem>

Mungu ibariki Afrika

"Mungu ibariki Afrika" (; ; "God bless Africa") is the national anthem of Tanzania. It has the same tune as "Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika".

Oh Uganda, Land of Beauty

"Oh Uganda, Land of Beauty" is the national anthem of Uganda.

O Cameroon, Cradle of Our Forefathers

The "Chant de Ralliement" ("Rallying Song"), also called "Ô Cameroun berceau de nos ancêtres" ("O Cameroon, Cradle of Our Forefathers"), is the national anthem of Cameroon.

Because Cameroon is officially a bilingual country, there are official lyrics in both French and English. The song has also been unofficially translated into at least ten local indigenous languages.

La Renaissance

"La Renaissance" (; "The Renaissance") is the national anthem of the Central African Republic. The lyrics were written by Barthélémy Boganda and melody was composed by Herbert Pepper. Anthem was adopted in 1960.

Guess With Jess

Guess with Jess is a British-Canadian animated television series for children. It features Jess the Cat from the television series "Postman Pat". The series follows Jess' adventures with his friends on Greendale Farm in London, England. It tells the stories of how they try to solve each other's problems with a Big Question. This question is answered by "asking, testing, find a way". Jess and his friends search for the answers to science and nature-based questions. The programme lets children learn about the world around them. 52 episodes of the series were made.

Unlike in "Postman Pat", Jess in this series can talk to his friends on the farm.

New episodes of the series aired on the DreamWorks Channel in Thailand until 2020.

CBeebies (UK) ABC (Australia) France 5 (France) Playhouse Disney (France Spain Italy and Latin America) Qubo (United States) Treehouse and Télé-Québec (Canada) TV12 (Singapore) EBS (Korea) Kids 1 (South Korea) M-Net (South Africa) Cartoon Network (India and Pan Asia) CyBC (Cyprus) MiniMini (Poland) POP TV (Slovenia) MBC E Vision and Al Jazeera (Middle East) YLE (Finland) NRK (Norway) Lativi (Indonesia) 

La Tchadienne

"La Tchadienne" ("The Chadian") is the national anthem of Chad.

Debout Congolais

"Debout Congalaise" (, ; "Arise, Congolese") is the national anthem of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.


Overton window

The Overton window is a nickname for the set of opinions and ideas that it is possible for a politician to have without losing any chance of ever winning an election again. It is a reference to the ideas about politics that is generally fine to have.

Joseph Overton explained why libertarian think tanks exist by creating a chart of different political ideas that it’s possible to have with a straight line from “most government, least freedom” to “least government, most freedom” and said that the ideas that politicians can get away with supporting are in the middle of it but sometimes where that is changes. For example, Prohibition is something that people once supported while being in the mainstream but then society changed so that no politician could get away with supporting prohibition because society moved towards more freedom and less government. Overton also said that society could move in the direction of less freedom and more government. Overton said libertarian think tanks existed to move society to the point where more libertarian ideas were more mainstream and statism was seen as more radical. After Overton died, his think tank, the Mackinac Centre, started to call that idea, the Overton Window.

In 2010, Glenn Beck wrote a novel called The Overton Window based on conspiracy theories. When talking about it on Fox News, Beck said that the Overton Window meant things that politicians were willing to support and that the Overton Window changed when politicians decided that some ideas should become taboo or that some taboo ideas should become mainstream. The Mackinac Centre criticized him for saying this and said that it’s not politicians who change The Overton Window (at least it usually isn’t), it’s society that changes and the politicians change with it.

After the election of Donald Trump as president of the United States, a lot of political commentators on both the Left and the Right started talking about how the Overton Window had changed or how to change it. So Lawrence Reed wrote an essay for the Foundation for Economic Education explaining the idea of the Overton Window.

Caminemos pisando las sendas de nuestra inmensa felicidad

"Caminemos pisando las sendas de nuestra inmensa felicidad" (; "Let Us Walk Treading the Paths of Our Immense Happiness") is the national anthem of Equatorial Guinea.

La Concorde

"La Concorde" ("The Concord") is the national anthem of Gabon.

Independência total

"Independência total" ("Total independence") is the national anthem of São Tomé and Príncipe.

CKEM-DT

CKEM-DT (channel 51) is a television station in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It is part of the Citytv network. It is owned and operated by Rogers Sports & Media.

Sonic Boom (TV series)

Sonic Boom is a children's TV show. It is produced by Sega of America, Inc. and OuiDo! Productions. It's about a blue Hedgehog named Sonic, and his 4 friends: Tails, Knuckles, Amy Rose, and Sticks, who stop Doctor Eggman and his 2 robots: Orbot and Cubot and save the day.


Ditanyè

"Ditanyè" is the national anthem of Burkina Faso.

Verses two and three and the second chorus are little known and rarely performed.

Cântico da Liberdade

"Cântico da Liberdade" is the national anthem of Cape Verde.

L'Abidjanaise

"L'Abidjanaise" ("The Abidjanaise") is the national anthem of Ivory Coast.

God Bless Our Homeland Ghana

"God Bless Our Homeland Ghana" is the national anthem of Ghana.

Dirtgirlworld

Dirtgirlworld, stylized as dirtgirlworld, is a children's television series. It is created by Cate McQuillen and Hewey Eustace of Mememe Productions.


6ter

6ter (pronounced: [sister]) is a French television network. It is available free-to-air through television, satellite etc.

W9 (TV channel)

W9 () is a French television network.


Deputy Prime Minister of Yugoslavia

The Deputy Prime Minister of Yugoslavia was the official Deputy of the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, SFR Yugoslavia and later Prime Minister of FR Yugoslavia, from 1939 until 2003.

The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was created on 26 August 1939. It was created during the government of Dragiša Cvetković. The first Deputy Prime Minister was Vladko Maček.

The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of SFR Yugoslavia was created on 2 February 1946. It was created during the government of Josip Broz Tito. When it was created, Edvard Kardelj and Jaša Prodanović held the postition. The office was normally held by more than one person at the same time. Also, Deputy Prime Ministers sometimes hold the post with another government position.

The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of FR Yugoslavia was ended with the constitutional reforms of 2003. The last Deputy Prime Minister was Miroljub Labus. He served from 4 November 2000 to 17 March 2003.

TVO

TVO (stylized as tvo), formerly known as TVOntario, is a publicly funded English-language educational television network and media organization. They are serving the Canadian province of Ontario. It is operated by the Ontario Educational Communications Authority (OECA).

TVOntario Stations

CICA Toronto

CICO Greater Sudbury

TVOntario shows

Polka Dot Door (1971-1993)

Math Patrol (1976-1978)

Music Inc (1977-1978)

Mathmakers (1978-1980)

Music Box (1981-1982)

Calling All Safety Scouts (1982-1983)

It's Mainly Music (1983-1984)

Sharon Lois & Bram's Elephant Show (Season 1 only) (1984-1993)

Dear Aunt Agnes (1985-1993)

Fitness Over Forty (1986-1987)

Zardip's Search for Healthy Wellness (1988-1989)

Mathica's Mathshop (1993-1994)


Mira (given name)

Mira is a feminine name The meanings of the name vary. In South Slavic languages, it means "peace". In this usage, it is often used as part of a longer name, such as Miroslava (male form: Miroslav) or Sawomira (male form: Sawomir). It is linked to the Latin terms for "wonder" and "amazing" in the Romance languages. It means "goodness" or "friendliness" in Albanian. Its meaning in Sanskrit is "ocean," "sea," "limit," or "border." The pronunciation of the name is [ mahy-r"uh" ]. This name was ranked #484 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


National anthem of Mauritania

The current national anthem of Mauritania (, ) was adopted in 2017.


My Immortal (fan fiction)

My Immortal is a work of Harry Potter fanfiction known for being badly received.

A seventeen-year-old Goth Satanist vampire named Ebony Darkness Dementia Raven Way, (commonly misspelled or known as Ebony, Enoby, Eboby, and Tara) is in England as a student of Hogwarts and dating Draco Malfoy. Ebony is in a rock music band with Hermione Granger, whose name is now Bloody Mary Smith, Harry Potter who is known by the nickname Vampire and her friend Willow. While Ebony is the only Chosen One who can beat Voldemort (misspelled as Vlodemort or Volsemort) who wants Ebony to kill Vampire Potter.

After Ebony finds out that her boyfriend Draco Malfoy used to date Vampire Potter and is angry about it she goes to a forest where Voldemort comes to her and tells her to kill Vampire Potter. He later gives Ebony a gun and tells her “Thou must kill Vampire Potter or I will kill him anyway”.

Then Remus Lupin and Severus Snape watch Ebony in the bath while Lupin was masticating so Ebony threw her wound at them and then took out a gun and shot them “a gazillion times”. Then Snape wants to rape Ebony because he is a Christian and she is a Satanist and he hates her but he is stopped by Hagrid. Ebony then goes back in time to stop Tom Brombadil from becoming Voldemort though she calls him Satan as a nickname. Ebony and Tom Anderson also known as Satan then join a rock music band in the 1980s with Severus Snape, Sirius Black, and Lucius Malfoy. Then Morty McFlee comes with a time machine and Ebony and Satan steal it to go back to the future where Satan transforms into Voldemort.

My Immortal got an extremely negative reception with a lot of people saying that they didn’t like it or that they hated it. Some people called it the worst fan fiction ever written. Even now it’s still said to be the worst fan fiction ever made more often than any other fan fiction is. Though some people think that My Immortal was written as a parody of bad Harry Potter fan fiction and was actually trying to be bad because of it. My Immortal singer Amy Lee said that she read it and laughed “because of the nonsense”.

The author of My Immortal uses the name Tara Gillebsie but that might be a pen name. From 2008 to 2009, there was a YouTube channel by two teenagers named Tara and Raven who liked to joke about Goth subculture but when they were interviewed in 2014 said that they didn’t write it even though a lot of people thought that they did. 

In 2017, a woman named Rose Christo wrote a book called “Under the Same Stars: The Search for My Brother and the True Story of My Immortal” about being a Native American who never saw her brother again after foster care and about writing My Immortal. It later turned out that she wasn’t actually Native American and was never actually in foster care. But she still said that she was the person who wrote My Immortal even though her brother didn’t believe her.

My Immortal is a fan fiction that has fan fiction written about it but those fan fictions are usually making fun of it.

The Bizarre Unsolved Mystery of My Immortal, the World's Worst Fan Fiction Story

The Worst Thing Ever Written

The Worst "Harry Potter" fan fic ever written is now a hilarious webseries 

My Immortal-Conclusions

https://www.wnycstudios.org/podcasts/otm/articles/goth-teens-internet-are-never-what-they-seem

Alleged author of legendarily bad fan fic "My Immortal" steps forward

The story of "My Immortal" is more wild and heartbreaking than you imagined

My Immortal: Solving the mystery of the Internet's most beloved and notorious fan fic

Did the mysterious fan fic author behind My Immortal just resurface?

People think they have the answer to the decade long mystery of Who Wrote "My Immortal"

https://www.vox.com/culture/2017/10/9/16428248/my-immortal-still-a-mystery-rose-christo-fake

The My Immortal Mystery Grows: Five New Questions about the Memoir's cancellation

The Gloriously Immortal Life of My Immortal

I talked to Amy Lee of Evanescence about inspiring the world's worst fan fiction

https://slate.com/culture/2015/03/my-immortal-who-is-responsible-for-the-world-s-worst-fanfiction.html

https://fanfiction.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_fan_fictions_considered_the_worst

https://bookstr.com/list/top-five-worst-fan-fictions-ever-written/

https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/subcultures/my-immortal-the-worst-fanfiction-ever

La Nigérienne

"La Nigérienne" (; "The Nigerien") is the former national anthem of Niger.

Arise, O Compatriots

"Arise, O Compatriots" is the national anthem of Nigeria.

Generally, the anthem is followed by the Nigerian National Pledge.

The Chosen One (trope)

The Chosen One (trope) is a trope in storytelling where only one character can be the hero who saves everyone. In fantasy novels, the Chosen One is normally someone in a prophecy who has powers.

Le Lion rouge

"Le Lion Rouge" (; "The Red Lion") is the national anthem of Senegal.

High We Exalt Thee, Realm of the Free

"High We Exalt Thee, Realm of the Free" () is the national anthem of Sierra Leone.

Salut à toi, pays de nos aïeux

"Salut à toi, pays de nos aïeux" ("Salute to you, land of our forefathers") is the national anthem of Togo.

This is the Home of the Brave

"This is the Home of the Brave" (, ) is the national anthem of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (Afghanistan during Taliban rule). It was first used between 1996 and 2001, but was adopted again in 2021 after the Fall of Kabul. This is when the Taliban took over the capital city of Kabul.

This song is an "a cappella" song, meaning that the song has no instruments, just words. Many Islamic scholars (called "ulama") consider instruments to be haram (or taboo), and the use of instruments is forbidden.


Druk Tsenden

"Druk Tsenden" (, ; "The Thunder Dragon Kingdom") is the national anthem of Bhutan. The lyrics were written by Gyaldun Dasho Thinley Dorji and the melody was composed by Aku Tongmi. The anthem was adopted in 1953.

The words are in the Constitution of Bhutan.

Allah Peliharakan Sultan

"Allah Peliharakan Sultan" (Jawi: الله ڤليهاراكن سلطان‎, "Allah Bless the Sultan") is the national anthem of Brunei.

Nokor Reach

"Nokor Reach" (, ; "Majestic Kingdom") is the national anthem of Cambodia.

Mawtini

"Mawtini" (; "My Homeland") is the national anthem of Iraq.

The song formerly served as an unofficial anthem of Palestinians and other colonized peoples of the Middle East for much of the 20th century.

The Royal Anthem of Jordan

"The Royal Anthem of Jordan" () is the national and royal anthem of Jordan.

Artie P. Hatzes

Artie P. Hatzes is an American astronomer. He is a professor at the Friedrich Schiller University of Jena and director of the Karl Schwarzschild Observatory (Thuringian State Observatory).

Hatzes is a pioneer in the search of extrasolar planets and is working on the COROT space mission. His achievements have included discovering the extrasolar planets Pollux b, Epsilon Eridani b and the star HD 13189's planet known as HD 13189 b.

Rat (zodiac)

The Rat is the first of the 12-year cycle of the animal that appears in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. The Year of the Rat is associated with Earthly Branches.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Rat", while carrying the following elemental sign The following is a chart of the Gregorian calendar dates, of those born in the year of the rat.

2006–07 Austrian Cup

The 2006–07 Austrian Cup was the 73rd season of the nationwide cup competition in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 

Ox (zodiac)

The Ox is the second of the 12-year animal cycle that appears in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese Calendar. The 'Year of the Ox' is denoted by the Earthly Branch symbol 丑. The name is also translated into English as 'cow'. This is because 牛 / 丑 also refers to Cow in general, both men and women.

In the Vietnamese zodiac, the water buffalo takes the position of the Ox. In the Guru zodiac, the cow is also replaced by the Cow.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Cow", while carrying the following elemental sign.

Tiger (zodiac)

The Tiger (寅) is the third of the 12-year cycle of animals that appears in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar. The Year of the Tiger is related with the Earthly Branch symbol.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Tiger", while carrying the following Wu Xing.

Cat (zodiac)

The Cat is the fourth animal symbol in the 12-year cycle of the Vietnamese and Gurung zodiac. It occurs during the period of the Rabbit in the Chinese zodiac. Because of this, the personality traits related with the rabbit will be related with the cat. Cats are the opposite of rats.

Myths related to the order of the Chinese zodiac often include stories of why the cat is not among the twelve. Because the mouse tricked the cat into missing the feast with the Jade Emperor, the cat was not included and did not know that the feast was happening and was not given a year, so the antipathy between cats and mice began. It is possible that turtles did not spread to China in the zodiac designation.

Another legend known as "The Great Race" says that all the animals of the zodiac are headed for the Jade Emperor. The cat and the mouse are the smartest of animals. However they are both poor swimmers and come across a river. They both trick the kind, mindless cow into helping them by leading them back to the river. As the ox reached the other side of the river, the mouse pushed the cat into the river. Then they jumped from the ox and visited the Jade Emperor, becoming the first of the zodiac. All the other animals made it to Emperor Jade, while the cat was left to drown in the river after being sabotaged by the mouse. It is said that this is also the reason cats are always hunting rats.

There have been many explanations as to why the Vietnamese, unlike all other countries that follow the Lunar calendar on the moon, have the cat instead of the Rabbit as a zodiac animal. The most common explanation is that the ancient word for Rabbit (Mao) sounds like cat (Meo).

People born within "Year of the Cat" dates, instead of "Year of the Rabbit."

Rabbit (zodiac)

The Rabbit (卯) is the fourth part of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac. The Year of the Rabbit is related with the symbol of the Earthly Branch 卯.

In the Vietnamese and Gurung zodiac, the cat takes the place of the Rabbit.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Rabbit", while carrying the following elemental symbol.

Dragon (zodiac)

The Dragon (simplified Chinese: 龙, traditional Chinese: 龍) is the fifth part of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. It is the only zodiac sign represented by a mythical creature, rather than a real-life animal. The Year of the Dragon is associated with the Earthly Branch symbol 辰, pronounced chen.

It has been suggested by an academic researcher that the Earth Branch character may be related to scorpions; it may symbolize the star Antares.

In the Buddhist calendar used in Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, and Sri Lanka, the Dragon is replaced by the nāga. In the Gurung zodiac, the Dragon is replaced by the eagle.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Dragon", while carrying the following elemental sign.

Snake (zodiac)

The Snake (蛇) is the sixth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac. The Year of the Snake is related with the symbol of the Earth Branch 巳.

According to one legend, there is a reason for the order of the 12 animals in the 12-year cycle. The story goes that a race is held to cross a great river, and the order of animals in the cycle is based on their order at the end of the race. In this story, the Snake gives not being the best swimmer by cutting a hidden ride on the Horse's hoof, and when the Horse is about to cross the finish line, jumps, destroys the Horse, and thus replaced it with sixth place.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Snake", while carrying the following elemental signs.

Horse (zodiac)

The Horse is the seventh of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. Some characteristics of the Horse nature must be typical of or related to either a year of the Horse and its events, or about the personality of anyone born in any year . Horse aspects can also enter into other factors or measures, such as time.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Horse", while carrying the following elemental signs.

Goat (zodiac)

The Goat (羊) is the eighth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. The sign is referred to as the ram and sheep, because that Chinese word is correctly translated as Caprinae, a taxonomic subfamily that includes goats and sheep. The Year of the Goat is associated with the 8th symbol of the Earthly Branch.

The Chinese word refers to goats and sheep, while the words shānyáng (山 ⁠ 羊) and miányáng (绵 ⁠ 羊; 綿 ⁠ 羊) refer exclusively to goats and sheep. In English, the sign can be called either. The sheep In Japan on the other hand, the sign is hitsuji, while in Korea and Mongolia, the sign is ram and sheep. Within China, there may be regional differences with the zodiac being more likely to be thought of as a goat in the south, while tending is thought of as a sheep in the north.

Characteristics The Chinese generally regard sheep as an auspicious animal and therefore herald a year of promise and prosperity. "Yáng" (羊) is a part of another written Chinese word "xiang" (祥), which means auspiciousness, and the two were interchangeable in ancient Chinese, according to one source. It is part of the character "shan" (善), which counts goodness and kindness among its meanings.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Goat", while carrying the following elemental sign.

Monkey (zodiac)

The Monkey(猴) is the ninth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. The Year of the Monkey is associated with the Earthly Branch symbol.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Monkey", while carrying the following Wu Xing.

Rooster (zodiac)

The Chicken (simplified Chinese: 鸡; traditional Chinese: 雞 / 鷄) is the tenth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. The Year of the Rooster is represented by the Earth Branch symbol 酉. The name translates into English as Chicken.

In the Tibetan zodiac and the Guru zodiac, the bird is in the place of the rooster.

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Rooster", while carrying the following elemental signs.

Dog (zodiac)

The Dog (狗) is the eleventh of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese calendar. The Year of the Dog is associated with the symbol of the Earth Branch 戌

People born within these dates can be said to be born in the "Year of the Dog", while carrying the following elemental sign.

Geek rock

Geek rock (also known as nerd rock or science rock) is a musical subgenre. It was derived from pop rock and new wave within the nerd music group. Geek rock first started to diverge from new wave with the nervy, often science fiction-themed work of late 1970s XTC, Robyn Hitchcock and Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias in the UK, and quirky bands Devo and Oingo Boingo in the USA.


Kombolela

Kombolela is a television drama from Tanzania produced by "Kisimani Films" and directed by "Majag", it began airing in 2021 on "Sinema Zetu channel 103 "on Azam TV from Friday to Sunday at 1 P.M. Kombolela won the "Majic Vibe Awards" as the best television series of 2021.

Civilization is buried, jobs are not visible, money is also hidden, they eat what is available and they are full of houses that do not breathe. Kombolela is a drama which depicts the family of Mzee Kikala which is a Swahili family full of cases, tragedies, love, violence, anger and hate. All the family members live together in a small house of their father, "Mzee Kikala" while they depend on him for everything.

The production of Kombolela was done by "Kisimani Films" and the locations of the series were mainly in the streets of Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania.



John Alderson (cricketer)

John Dalton Alderson was born 3 February, 1929 in Glen Innes and died 6 November, 2022 in Karaka. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played for Canterbury in the Plunket Shield in the 1949/50 and 1950/51.


Vladimir Mitkov

Vladimir Mitkov (Born 20 October 1931) is a Macedonian politician who served as head of the SSR of North Macedonia from 1983-1986. 

The Promised Land (Bruce Springsteen song)

"The Promised Land" is a 1978 song by Bruce Springsteen and is taken from his fourth studio album "Darkness on the Edge of Town". It did not chart when it was released as a single in 1978.

Prove It All Night

"Prove It All Night" is a 1978 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the first single from his fourth studio album "Darkness on the Edge of Town". It peaked at number 33 in the United States and over time has had regular airplay on classic rock stations.

HD 149711

V1003 Scorpii, Also Named HD 149711, is a blue main-sequence star in the constellation Scorpius. The star is located 623 light years away from Earth.

HD 164491

HD 164491 is a red giant star in the constellation Sagittarius. It is located 2,616 light years away from Earth.

HD 164492

HD 164492 is a blue giant star in the constellation Sagittarius. The star is at 4,773 light years away from Earth.

Chrysophyllum

Chrysophyllum is a genus of plants with over 80 species. The most well-known species is Chrysophyllum cainito.


Catch Thirtythree

Catch Thirtythree is the fifth studio album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released in May 2005. The album went to number 170 on the "Billboard" 200. The album is one song that is in thirteen parts. It uses programmed drums instead of acoustic drums.

Chrysophyllum oliviforme

Chrysophyllum oliviforme, the wild star-apple or satinleaf, is a species of plants in genus Chrysophyllum. As the name implies, it is related to star apple, and like star apple, the fruit is edible. The name 'satinleaf' is due to the leaf having distinctive colors on it (see image). The wood of the tree is also used in construction.

Foodo language

Foodo is a language of Benin.

Solanum

Solanum is a genus in family Solanaceae, which is known for three species: tomatoes, potatoes, and eggplants.

Section "Allophylla"


Section "Cyphomandropsis"


Section "Pachyphylla"


Five-minute plant ("S. atropurpureum") fruit

"Solanum palinacanthum"
Shrubby nightshade ("S. robustum") flowers

Giant potatocreeper ("S. wendlandii") flowers
Porcupine tomato ("S. pyracanthos") fruit

Section "Acanthophora"


Section "Androceras": 12 spp.


Section "Anisantherum"

Section "Campanulata"

Section "Crinitum"

Section "Croatianum"

Section "Erythrotrichum"


Section "Graciliflorum"

Section "Herposolanum"


Section "Irenosolanum"


Section "Ischyracanthum"

Section "Lasiocarpa"


Section "Melongena"


Section "Micracantha"


Section "Monodolichopus"

Section "Nycterium"

Section "Oliganthes"


Section "Persicariae"


Section "Polytrichum"

Section "Pugiunculifera"

Section "Somalanum"

Section "Torva"



"Solanum erianthum"Jasmine nightshade ("S. laxum") flowers

Currant tomato ("S. pimpinellifolium") fruit
Andean black potatoes ("S. tuberosum")Turkey berry ("S. torvum") flowers

Yellow nightshade ("S. villosum") fruit

Section "Afrosolanum"

Section "Anarrhichomenum"


Section "Archaesolanum"


Section "Basarthrum"


Section "Benderianum"

Section "Brevantherum"


Section "Dulcamara"


Section "Herpystichum"

Section "Holophylla"


Section "Juglandifolia"


Section "Lemurisolanum"

Section "Lycopersicoides"


Section "Lycopersicon"


Section "Macronesiotes"

Section "Normania"


Section "Petota"


Section "Pteroidea"

Section "Quadrangulare"

Section "Regmandra"

Section "Solanum"


Forked nightshade ("S. furcatum")

Bluewitch nightshade ("S. umbelliferum") flowers


Agrzhan Tatars

The geographer Peter Simon Pallas also mentioned in 1782, of North Indian Merchants of Vaishya caste mostly from Multan who lived in Astrakhan. 

This Merchants descendants named Agrzhan Tatars, once Hindus, Zoroastrianism, Sikhism Believers, they became Muslims when intermarried with Tatars and Turkic womans. This Indian Merchants lived from 1550-1900 in Central Asia, in Citys like Bukhara, Tashkent, Astrakhan and Baku, where there build a Temple there "The Ateshgah-Temple" was worshipped by Hindus, Sikhs and Parsi (Zorashtrians from India), also they build the "Multani Caravanserai" in Baku. They brought also Brahmin Priest from India. In later times some moved to other Countrys too. While the Majority of this Merchants was originally from Multan District, also many from Shikarpur District and other Places from North India. The Name Agrzhan derived from the City Agra, because many of this Muslim groups of Indian Merchants who lived in Astrakhan was from Agra

Aplastodiscus albofrenatus

The white-fronted tree frog ("Aplastodiscus albofrenatus") is a species of frog. It lives in Brazil.

Nothing (Meshuggah album)

Nothing is the fourth studio album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released in August 2002. The album went to number 165 on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. Because the band decided to go to Ozzfest (a music festival), they had to produce the album in three days. It was released again in 2006, with new guitar and drum recordings for the songs.

Saint Timothy

The Christian Saint Timothy (ancient Greek Τῑμόθεος, Tīmotheos, Latin Tīmotheus) was a student of the Paul the Apostle of Tarsus. He was born as the son of a Greek Father and a Jewess Mother in Lystra near Konya in Asia Minor (modern day Turkey) and died around AD. 97 in Ephesus. Paul circumcised Timothy as an young Adult, because of his Jewish maternal Background, so he got a Brit milah.
The Catholic, Protestant and Anglican memorial day of the saint is January 26, along with Saint Titus, the Orthodox January 26. In the city of Bayeux in the Normandy region of northern France, where relics of the saint are preserved, he is also celebrated on May 9.

According to Christian tradition, Saint Timothy is the patron saint of male patients with foreskin problems, especially circumcision issue and stomache.

Plumstead

Plumstead is an area in London, in the Royal Borough of Greenwich. It is near the Thames.

Its nearest places are Woolwich, Welling, Thamesmead, Kidbrooke and Eltham.

Plumstead has a railway station. 

Hip house

Hip house, also known as rap house or house rap, is a musical genre that mixes elements of house music and hip hop. It arose during the 1980s in Chicago and London. Though hip house never achieved massive popularity, there were a few hits (such as by Technotronic, a Belgian group) in the later part of the decade and the early 1990s.

Nu-disco

Nu-disco is a modern day form of the genre disco. The genre is commonly used with pop songs. The genre is used more in European, British and Australian pop music. Another popular genre that has been revived from the 70's is nu-funk, a modern form of funk music. 

Below is a list of popular pop singers who have used or frequently use nu-disco melodies in their songs.


HAC-Nordstern

HAC-Nordstern was an Austrian football club from the Vienna district of Hietzing, which played at its most successful time from 1935 to 1937 in the second division.
The history goes back to "Hietzinger AC", which entered the Austrian championship in 1912/13 and started playing in what was then the lowest level, the II. Class C, West. In 1920 they merged with the small club "Nordstern 1912". Although the club played for a long time in the lowest league, HAC-Nordstern produced the later Wunderteam player Karl Gall.

For a total of three seasons, from 1934/35 to 1936/37, HAC-Nordstern played in the second level before they were relegated. A merger with the company team of the shoe factory Standard caused a temporary renaming to "SC Standard Vienna". The club collapsed during the Second World War.

Folktronica

Folktronica is a genre derivative of and combing both folk music and electronica.

The name "folktronica" seems to have originated in the British press, although (as with the almost non-term post-rock) it has come to encompass performers and bands that include elements of ambient electronica, folk, jazz, classical and even hip-hop.


Breakup of Yugoslavia

Following the breaking down of the U.S.S.R, the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up into Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Croatia, North Macedonia, Slovenia, and Montenegro. 

Slovenia, Croatia, and Macedonia claimed independence in 1991, Bosnia in 1992. This left Serbia and Montenegro in a Yugoslav federation, and it resulted in bloody conflicts. The UN sent military forces to the area in 1992, NATO did the same in 1993. The U.S. got directly involved via economic sanctions, and contributed to the peace agreement in 1995.

In 1998 followed another bloody conflict as Kosovo, a province of Serbia, wanted greater autonomy. A peace agreement was reached in June 1999.

In 2003, Yugoslavia changed its name to Serbia and Montenegro.

Montenegro claimed independence in 2006. 

Neo-Stalinism

Neo-Stalinism () is the promotion of positive views of Joseph Stalin's role in history. It includes re-establishing of some Stalin's policies and nostalgia for the Stalin period. Neo-Stalinism overlaps significantly with neo-Sovietism and Soviet nostalgia.

Chris Kattan

Christopher Lee Kattan () (born October 19, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, and author. He is best known for his work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live", for playing Doug Butabi in "A Night at the Roxbury", and his roles as Bob on the first four seasons of "The Middle" and Bunnicula in "Bunnicula"

Stanley Brown

Stanley Clayton Brown (6 October 1938 – 16 November 2022) was a Curaçao political activist and politician.

Brown became one of the three leaders of the 1969 Curaçao uprising, a series of riots mainly on 30 May 1969. These riots started with a strike of workers in the oil industry. A protest rally during the strike turned violent, leading to widespread looting and destruction of buildings and vehicles in the central business district of Willemstad, the capital of Curaçao. Following the uprising, he founded the Workers' Liberation Front together with Amador Nita and Wilson Godett. This was a radical socialist political party, that in the Curaçao general elections (until the 2017 Curaçao general election). After the demolition of the Berlin Wall, he stopped with his idealism of a socialist Curaçao and focused on liberalism. In 1993 he founded the political party C93. This party strived for a liberal, capitalist, humanistic and democratic Curaçao and wanted to make Curaçao a Dutch province.

Brown has been imprisoned several times for political and violent revolutionary activities. Brown is commemorated every year in Curaçao. There, the events of 30 May are mainly seen as a turning point, as a sign of awakening self-awareness.

Brown was born in the "Groot Kwartier" neighborhood. His father was an Afro-Caribbean guard at Shell, born on Saint Lucia. His mother was born on Sint Maarten, was of Scandinavian descent, and worked in a shop. Brown was married to Anne-Marie Braafheid and had five children from three marriages. He died in the Curaçao Medical Center in Otrobanda on 16 November 2022 at the age of 84.

Lake Volta

Lake Volta is a large lake in Ghana, west Africa. Humans created the lake in 1964 by building the Akosombo Dam on the Volta River. The dam generates hydroelectric power from falling water.

Lake Volta's area is about . It holds about of water. The Black Volta, White Volta, and Oti Rivers flow into the lake. The whole lake is a reservoir along the Volta River. When the water level is lower, the northern parts become more like a river and less like a lake. The area of the lake shrinks and it becomes narrower. The water level is the highest in August to September, and the lowest in May to July.

Marcelle Lebrun

Marcelle Lebrun (born 1903) was a French competitive swimmer from Tourcoing during the 1910s and early 1920s. She was a member of the ENT swimming club.

Lebrun started swimming when she was six years old. Already in 1910 she took part in many competitions in Roubaix, Tourcoing, Lille and in Belium in Kortrijk. In 1914 she swam the 100 metres in m 1:49. During World War I, Tourcoing was bombed and she fled with her family to Paris. In May 1918 she also competes in swimmin competitions in Paris. Later the year she started winning prizes. On 13 September she wins the 100 metres event in Nogent-sur-Marne and a few days later she finished second in the 100 metres in Vilennes-sur-Seine. The next year she set a new France national record in the 100 metres freestyle in 1:50 on 15 August. In 1920 she finished second at the France national swimming championships in the 300 metre freestyle. In 1922 she was a member of the French national team that competed at the 1922 Women's Olympiad in Monte Carlo, about the earliest international women's swimming championships. She competed in three events, in the: 100 metre freestyle event, 400 metre freestyle event and the 4 × 50 metre freestyle relay event, where she finished with the team in fourth place.

Lebrun was born in 1903 as the daughter of a butcher, who was the leader of the ENT swimming club and fouht during World War I. She was the older sister of swimmmer Louise Lebrun and 1920 Olympic swimmer Ernestine Lebrun.


Carol Leigh

Carol Leigh, The Scarlot Harlot (January 11, 1951 – November 16, 2022) was an American artist, author, film maker, and sex workers' rights activist. She is credited with coining the term "sex worker". She chaired the "Sex Worker Film and Arts Festival" and was the director of BAYSWAN, the Bay Area Sex Worker Advocacy Network.

As listed by WorldCat.

As listed by Western Connecticut State University.




Ashby, Massachusetts

Ashby is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Ashland, Massachusetts

Ashland is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Ayer, Massachusetts

Ayer is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Billerica, Massachusetts

Billerica is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Chelmsford, Massachusetts

Chelmsford is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Corduroy (TV series)

Corduroy is a Canadian-American animated children's television series.

<onlyinclude>

Dracut, Massachusetts

Dracut is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Dunstable, Massachusetts

Dunstable is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Groton, Massachusetts

Groton is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Holliston, Massachusetts

Holliston is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Littleton, Massachusetts

Littleton is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Maynard, Massachusetts

Maynard is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Natick, Massachusetts

Natick is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

North Reading, Massachusetts

North Reading is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Pepperell, Massachusetts

Pepperell is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Sherborn, Massachusetts

Sherborn is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Shirley, Massachusetts

Shirley is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Stoneham, Massachusetts

Stoneham is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Tewksbury, Massachusetts

Tewksbury is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Townsend, Massachusetts

Townsend is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Tyngsborough, Massachusetts

Tyngsborough is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Westford, Massachusetts

Westford is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Avon, Massachusetts

Avon is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Medfield, Massachusetts

Medfield is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Medway, Massachusetts

Medway is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Millis, Massachusetts

Millis is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Norfolk, Massachusetts

Norfolk is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Norwood, Massachusetts

Norwood is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Stoughton, Massachusetts

Stoughton is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Walpole, Massachusetts

Walpole is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Westwood, Massachusetts

Westwood is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Wrentham, Massachusetts

Wrentham is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.

Abington, Massachusetts

Abington is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 17,062 at the 2020 census.

Delta State (TV series)

Delta State is a 2004 French/Canadian animated television series. It was Co-Produced by French animation studio Apinapim and Nelvana Limited with Canal+, LuxAnimation, DQ Entertainment, Canal J with Teletoon.

Artzooka!

Artzooka! is a children's television series. It is a co-production between CCI Entertainment and MotionWorks for the first two seasons. It was supported from Nickelodeon Germany and produced with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.

CBC Television TVO and Knowledge Network (Canada) Nickelodeon (Germany) ABC Kids (Australia) TVNZ (New Zealand) Playhouse Disney (Latin America) 

Adolf Fischera

Adolf Fischera (22 August 1888 – 25 August 1938) was an Austrian international footballer. He played for ASK Schwechat, Wiener AC, Wiener AF, SC Germania Schwechat, Borussia Neunkirchen and First Vienna FC. He made 15 appearances for the Austria national team and scored eight goals.

On 26 May 1912 WAF hosted a match with Middlesex Wanderers whom they beat 5-1 where he scored a hattrick for WAF. For Borussia Neunkirchen he was playing manager.

He was also part of Austria's squad for the 1912 Summer Olympics football tournament , but he did not play in any matches.

Havelock MRT station

Havelock MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson–East Coast line in the Bukit Merah planning area, Singapore. It is located along Zion Road and it serves the Bukit Ho Swee residential estate, the historic Tiong Bahru estate, as well as Tan Boon Liat Building and Holiday Inn.

Rudolf Hanel

Rudolf Hanel (born 31 October 1897 in Vienna - † unknown) was an Austrian footballer. He played for a number of clubs in Austria and the Austria national football team. A strange fact is that he only played twice for the team altough he scored regularly in the championship.

Jacqueline Seignol

Jacqueline Hélène Seignol (born 20 December 1921) was a French competitive swimmer from Paris during the 1930s and 1940s. She was specialized in the 100 metre backstroke. She was national champion in the 100 metre backstroke.

Seignol was born in Paris in 1921. She was ther of Édouard Frédéric Charles Seignol, an industrialist, and his wife Marguerite Henriette Gillet. Her sister Hélène Seignol (1923-1999) also participated in some swimming competitions in the early 1940s.

One of her first main championships, was in 1933 when Seignol participated at the championships of Paris. In 1936 she became the junior French champion in the 100 metre backstroke event and 100 metre breaststroke event. The next year in July 1937 she won the silver medal at the senior France national championships in the 100 metre backstroke event in a time of 1:27.90. She won again the silver medal in 1938 in the 100 metre backstroke in a time of 1:26.4. In 1939 she became national champion at the in a time of 1:21.3. Seignol retired from swimming shortly before her wedding, that took place in Paris in 1946.

Niagara Falls, Ontario

Niagara Falls (2001 population 78,815) is a city in Ontario, Canada. It is located on the Niagara River, across from Niagara Falls, New York.

The city is dominated by the Niagara Falls. It brings hundreds of thousands of tourists to the city along with other attractions like Casino Niagara.
The Niagara Falls area has seen continuous settlement since the 17th century, first by the Iroquois and then by the Europeans who were drawn to the falls. Tourism started in the early 19th century. This has always been the city's main industry. 

Ultra Records

Ultra Records is an American record label. Their emphasis is electronic music. They have featured releases from many artists such as The Crystal Method, Timo Maas, Sasha & John Digweed, and Junkie XL.


Kids See Ghosts

Kids See Ghosts was an American hip hop duo collaboration formed by Kanye West and Kid Cudi. The group had an album, "Kids See Ghosts", released on June 8, 2018. The duo disbanded in 2022.

Will.i.am Music Group

Will.i.am Music Group is a record label. It is owned and founded by hip-hop artist Will.i.am of the Black Eyed Peas. Other than Will.i.am, there are popular artists such as Fergie, Macy Gray and Sergio Mendes signed to the label. 


Variational autoencoder

In machine learning, a variational autoencoder (VAE), is an artificial neural network architecture. It was introduced by Diederik P. Kingma and Max Welling.


Kim Hill (soul musician)

Kim Hill is an American soul singer-songwriter, best known for being the backup vocalist in the hip-hop band Black Eyed Peas. She was replaced by Fergie.



SongBird

Songbird is a Dutch record label owned by Tijs Verwest and Arny Bink. It is a sublabel of Black Hole Recordings, established in 1997. It is most well known as the label on which Tiësto's popular trance series In Search of Sunrise was released. Other artists featured on this label are DJ Dazzle, Mistral, Moontribe and Masai, with remixes by Dawnseekers, Ronald van Gelderen and Cygnus X.



Cover Me (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Cover Me" is a 1984 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the second single from his seventh studio album "Born in the U.S.A.". There is no music video made. It went to number 6 in Ireland, number 7 in New Zealand and the United States, number 12 in Canada, number 13 in Finland, number 15 in Sweden, number 16 in the United Kingdom and number 17 in New Zealand.


The B-side of the single, "Jersey Girl", was a live performance of a Tom Waits song, recorded on July 9, 1981, at Meadowlands Arena. Springsteen had introduced the song earlier in that special River Tour homecoming stand that opened the arena, slightly rewriting it to replace a Waits line about "whores on Eighth Avenue" and adding a verse that included "that little brat of yours and drop[ping] her off at your mom's." "Jersey Girl" would become a Springsteen fan favorite, although played rarely as time went on. This same recording would later be released as the closing track of Live 1975-85.

Differing pressings of the single had different lengths of "Jersey Girl", sometimes dropping most of a spoken introduction of 0:31 seconds in length. The UK 12-inch single contains the full-length version with the complete spoken introduction at 6:36. Both the sleeve and label erroneously state a playing time of 5:50.



Kat Von D

Kat Von D (born March 4, 1982) is a tattoo artist from Los Angeles, California. She is a featured artist on the Miami Ink reality television show on TLC.

Von D received her first tattoo at age 14. She did her first tattoo at age 16. When not working at the Miami Ink studio in Miami, Florida she works at the True Tattoo shop in Hollywood, California and Elm Street Tattoo in Dallas, Texas. She has an active touring schedule and is frequently a featured artist at tattooing conferences in the United States and Canada.


While (1 Is Less Than 2)

While (1 less than 2) (stylized as while (1<2)) is the seventh studio album by Canadian house producer deadmau5 (his fifth mainstream album). It was released on June 17, 2014 by Ultra Records.

In January 2014, deadmau5 announced on Twitter that his upcoming seventh album was completed. He also announced that it was a double-disc album containing a continuous mix for each disc and that the album as a whole, minus the mixes, would contain 25 tracks.

On May 10, 2014, Deadmau5 announced through his subscription service live.deadmau5.com that his upcoming album will be titled "While(1<2)" and will be released on June 17, 2014. The name of the album is a programming language reference, as well as a reflection of the two-disc nature of the album.

The song, "Avaritia", was made available for download on May 20 when pre-ordering from iTunes. 

Jamie T

Jamie Alexander Treays (born 8 January 1986), better known by his stage name Jamie T, is a singer/songwriter hailing from Wimbledon, South London, England. He is signed to Virgin Records. His music is hard to place, but encorporates elements of the rap and acoustic genres. Although at the time of writing Jamie has recieved relatively little exposure, he has recieved airplay from Radio 1 DJs Zane Lowe, and more recently Jo Whiley, when his single "Sheila" was Whiley's Record Of The Week.

His single "Sheila" was released in 2007 and other releases include:



Deadmau5 Circa 1998–2002

Deadmau5 Circa 1998-2004 is an album by Deadmau5. It was released under the moniker Halcyon441. It was a collection of tracks he had made between 1998-2004, as the title suggests. It was never released physically, but videos of songs on this album can be found on YouTube.

A State of Trance

A State of Trance (often abbreviated as ASOT) is the title of a radio show.

It was hosted by popular trance DJ Armin van Buuren. It first aired in March 2001 on ID&T Radio. In this weekly two-hours show he plays the latest tracks. His show is made more popular by publishing the artists and track titles on his website . 

This radio-show/website combination has proven popular internationally, as fans -- while listening to the radio-show -- will converse in the website chat-rooms and forums, such as DI.FM, over the playing tracks. When ID&T Radio changed genres in 2004, Armin left and took "A State of Trance" with him. It is now a weekly feature on Fresh FM, a Dutch radio station, and DI.FM, an online radio station. An entire list of stations that broadcast ASOT can be found here, the ASOT section of Armins website . In June 2005, the 200th episode was celebrated in Amsterdam and aired on radio.


I'm in You (song)

"I'm in You" is a 1977 song by Peter Frampton and is the title track to his fifth studio album "I'm in You". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 2 in the United States, number 9 in Australia, number 13 in New Zealand and number 41 in the United Kingdom.

Alada language

Alada is a language of Benin.

Mooré

Mossi or Mooré is a language of Burkina Faso.

Waama language

Waama is a language of Benin.

Tem language

Tem is a language of Benin, Togo and Ghana.

Chakosi language

Chakosi is a language of Ghana, Togo and Benin.

Mokole language (Benin)

Mokole is a language of Benin.

Ede language

Ede is a language of Benin and Togo countries of West Africa.

Waci language

Waci (also spelled "Ouatchi") is a Gbe language of Togo and Benin. It is part of a dialect continuum which also includes Ewe and Mina also known as Gɛn. It is scattered in an area Capo designates as Ewe speaking.

Yom language

Yom is a language of Benin.

Adja language

Aja is a language spoken in Benin, Togo, Ghana, Nigeria and Gabon.

Aguna language

Aguna is a language of Benin and Togo. It belongs to the Niger-Congo language family.

Nateni language

Nateni is a language of Benin.

Gen language

Gen is a language of Benin and Togo.

Tchumbuli language

Tchumbuli is a language of Benin.

Ober St. Veiter Stadion

The Ober St. Veiter Stadium (also Amateurplatz) was a football stadium in Ober St. Veit, a part of Vienna's 13th district and home of FK Austria Wien (till 1926 Wiener Amateur-Sportverein).

The stadium was situated at Auhofstraße and offered space for around 12,000 spectators. It was opened on May 17, 1914 and was the home stadium of Austria until 1930. Shortly after opening, however, the stadium fell into disrepair due to neglect during the World War. The renovation began in 1921. On February 12, 1922, the ground with a 70-meter-long covered grandstand which offered 1000 seats including boxes for celebrities and press representatives was reopened. After the renovation, the stadium held a total of 25,000 people. 

In 1930 the rent could no longer be paid. In 1931 the lease expired and the stadium of the “St. Veiter” was demolished in 1933. Since the 1970s there have been residential buildings on the area 

Boko language

Boko is a language of Benin and Nigeria.

Notre language

Nootre or Notre is a language of Benin.

Kabiye language

Kabiyé is a language of Togo.

Zarma language

Zarma is a language of Niger.

RSGC1-F02

RSGC1-F02 is a red supergiant star. It belongs to the open cluster RSGC1. It is located in the constellation of Scutum. Its radius was calculated to be between 1,499 to 1,549 times that of the Sun. The radius is calculated using the Stefan-Boltzmann law. It is one of the largest stars ever discovered. The star has a volume of 3.37 or 3.72 billion times bigger than the Sun. 

If RSGC1-F02 was placed at the center of the Solar System, its photosphere would reach the orbit of Jupiter.

Basshunter videography

Basshunter is a Swedish singer, record producer and DJ. He has released 17 music videos, three second versions, five lyric videos, two remix videos, one video megamix, five promotional video singles and has music video appearance. Basshunter appeared in four short films, twelve television programs and one commercial.

From his second album "LOL" (2006), he released music videos for the singles "Boten Anna", "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA", "Vifta med händerna" and "Jingle Bells". Carl-Johan Westregård and Kim Parrot directed the music videos for "Boten Anna" and "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA". A second version of the music video for "Boten Anna" was made. In 2007, a music video for the reissue of "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" titled "DotA" was released.

The deluxe edition of Basshunter's third studio album "Now You're Gone – The Album" (2008) includes the single "Walk on Water" which had been released also as a promotional video single. A special version of "Now You're Gone – The Album" released in New Zealand and Poland contains a DVD that includes nine Basshunter music videos, including "Now You're Gone", "All I Ever Wanted", "Angel in the Night", "I Miss You", all of which were directed by Alex Herron. For his fourth studio album "Bass Generation" (2009) Basshunter released the music video for "Every Morning" and "I Promised Myself", both of which were again directed by Alex Herron. Series of music videos with Aylar Lie received media attention. "Now You're Gone" became the most-viewed from the British YouTube videos in 2008 and third most-viewed YouTube video with 65 millions of views in 2009.

The release of Basshunter's fifth album "Calling Time" (2013) was preceded by the release of music videos for its singles "Saturday", "Northern Light"—both of which were directed by Alex Herron—and "Dream on the Dancefloor". Music video for "Saturday" charted at number one in Poland. In 2011 he appeared in Arash's music video for "Melody". In 2012 he appeared on "Maspalomas Pride 2012" box-set containing live recordings of various artists. Music videos for "Crash & Burn" and "Calling Time" were later released. The music videos for "Dream on the Dancefloor" and "Calling Time" were directed by Gareth Evans. Farzad Bayat directed the music video for "Crash & Burn". In 2018 Basshunter released a lyrics video for "Masterpiece".

Basshunter has appeared in television, including involvement in the ninth episode of the 23rd season of "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", the seventh season of "Celebrity Big Brother" and a "Rock and Pop" episode of "Weakest Link". He is also featured in a commercial for JME Data. In 2021 he appeared in "Basshunter Dota Revival" Netflix's trailer for "Dota: Dragon's Blood". Rendition shows a Basshunter singing about playing "Dota 2" and scenes from "Dragon's Blood" in between.

Safi of Persia

Sam Mirza () (161112 May 1642), better known by his dynastic name of Shah Safi (), was the sixth Persian Safavid Shah (king) of Iran. He ruled from 1629 to 1642.

Murad IV

Murad IV (, "Murād-ı Rābiʿ"; , 27 July 1612 – 8 February 1640) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1623 to 1640.

Roc Nation

Roc Nation is an American record label and music publishing company.

It was reported that Jay-Z, no longer heading Def Jam and coming up on his last album for the company, has already inked a deal with Live Nation to set up an imprint called Roc Nation. Implementing a reportedly redesigned business model, the label serves as management for Wale and Melanie Fiona, and has signed North Carolina rapper J.Cole. It is unknown which artists will be shifted from Roc-A-Fella to Roc Nation.

According to The New York Times, Jay-Z is finalizing a deal with concert promoter Live Nation for $150 million, one of the richest contracts ever awarded to a musician. This partnership, which will be named Roc Nation, will include financing for Jay-Z's own entertainment ventures (which are expected to become a record label, talent/management agency, and music publishing company). Live Nation is expected to contribute $5 million a year in overhead for five years, with another $25 million available to finance Jay-Z's acquisitions or investments. Roc Nation would then split profits with Live Nation. To finalize the deal, Jay-Z will depart from Def Jam Records after he turns in his last required album under his talent contract. Jay-Z will be the first hip-hop artist to sign with Live Nation.


Deconstruction Records

Deconstruction Records is acquired by Arista Records.


Harry Brown (movie)

Harry Brown is a 2009 vigilante action-thriller movie. It was directed by Daniel Barber and starring Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer, Iain Glen, Jack O'Connell and Liam Cunningham. It premiered as a Special Presentation at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival. 

Described as a "modern urban western" the titular Harry Brown (Caine) is an elderly widower and ex-marine who has lived to see his neighbourhood overrun by violent gangs, drugs and crime. 

When his best friend Leonard (Bradley) is murdered and the gang leader responsible walks free, Harry finds himself snapping. Soon, his desire for revenge leads to the unlikely vigilante facing up to the young thugs with terrifying results.


Owsla

OWSLA is a record label owned by Skrillex, Tim Smith, Kathryn Frazier and Clayton Blaha. Skrillex announced the label in August 2011. The label's first release was Porter Robinson's "Spitfire".


Apl.de.ap

Allan Pineda Lindo (born November 28, 1974), known professionally as apl.de.ap (), is a Filipino-American rapper, singer and record producer. He is a founding member of the hip hop group Black Eyed Peas.



As featured artist

SoundCloud

SoundCloud is a Swedish-founded online audio distribution platform and music sharing website. It is based in Berlin, Germany. 
It enables its users to upload, promote, and share audio, as well as a DSP enabling listeners to stream audio. Started in 2007 by Alexander Ljung and Eric Wahlforss, SoundCloud has grown to be one of the largest music streaming services. SoundCloud offers both free and paid membership on the platform. It is available for desktop and mobile devices.
SoundCloud has influenced the music industry through the success of many artists who have used the service to launch or advance their careers. SoundCloud got support from many investors and other media platforms such as Twitter. Although the streaming platform itself has unsolved funding issues and has dismissed many employees in order to remain profitable.

Aplastodiscus albosignatus

Lutz's tree frog or the bocaina tree frog ("Aplastodiscus albosignatus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult frog is 40 – 51 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is green in color. Its bones and muscles are green too.

The tadpoles live at the bottom of the body of water.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Human beings cut down the forests where the frogs live. They take trees for wood to build things and to make towns.

Showcase (Canadian TV channel)

Showcase is a Canadian English-language television channel. It is owned by Corus Entertainment.

Shaw Media

Shaw Media was the television broadcasting division of Shaw Communications.

Konni language

Konni is a language of Ghana.

Tamprusi language

Tampulma is a language of Ghana.

Gonja language

Gonja is a language of Ghana.

Hanga language

Hanga is a language of Ghana.

Big room house

Big room house is a house music subgenre. It takes the melodic and progressive nature of progressive house and combines it with the energy of electro house. It is characterized by emotional breakdowns with long build-ups followed by an energetic drop. Instead of electro house, big room house’s drops are melodic. 

Big room house was born in the 2000s as an evolution of progressive house. It found a growing mainstream attention since 2010, also thanks to the spread through international music festivals such as Tomorrowland and Ultra Music Festival.


Nchumburu language

Nchumburu is a language of Ghana.

Progressive house

Progressive house is a subgenre of house music. 

The genre was heavily influenced by trance in the 1990s and later by big room house and Eurodance in the mid-2000s. As of November 2014, the genre is rated first in a list of top genres at TopDeejays.

Progressive house tunes often feature a build-up section which can last up to four minutes. This is followed by a breakdown and then a climax. Elements drawn from the progressive rock genre include the use of extended or linked-movement tracks, more complexity and reflection but almost always within the four on the floor rhythm pattern. The more experimental parts of house music are described as progressive. Detractors of the genre have described it as elitist and over-produced.

Gabriel & Dresden described Not Forgotten by Leftfield as the first progressive house track which was released in October 1990 and that Guerilla Records set up by Will Orbit was pivotal in the growth of a scene around the genre. in 1994 and Northern Exposure in 1996 have both been credited with establishing the genre on mixed compilation albums. As well as Guerilla Records Deconstruction Records, Hooj Choons and Soma Records were also considered crucial.

Johann Klima

Johann "Hans" Klima (11 February 1900 – 31 December 1945) was an Austrian international footballer. He played for Admira Wien, Olympique Antibes and FC Antibes and the Austria national football team. Sometimes he played together with his younger brother Karl. For distinction he was also called Klima I.
In Austria he played for Admira Wien. With the team he was promoted to the 1. Klasse and reached 4 titels and 2 Cup wins.

In the national team he debuted on 29 September 1923 verus Hungary. Till 1931 he played 11 matches (3 goals) for the Austrian national football team.

Tha Block Is Hot

Tha Block Is Hot is a studio album by Lil Wayne. It is his first on a major record label. The album was supported by two singles: "Tha Block Is Hot" (featuring B.G. and Juvenile) and "Respect Us". 

"Tha Block Is Hot" entered the US "Billboard" 200 chart at number three and sold 229,500 copies in its first week. In its second week, the album dropped to number ten on the chart and sold an additional 117,000 copies. On December 10, 1999, the album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over a million copies. As of June 2012, the album has sold 1.4 million copies in the United States.

LATAM Perú Flight 2213

LATAM Perú Flight 2213 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Lima to Juliaca in Peru. On 18 November 2022, the Airbus A320neo operating the flight collided with an airport fire engine on take off, killing two firefighters and injuring a third, who died of his injuries seven months later. All 102 passengers and crew survived the accident, although 40 people were injured, two seriously. 

The aircraft was damaged beyond repair and written off from the accident.

Ella the Elephant

Ella the Elephant is a Canadian animated television preschool series. 

It is based on the books by Carmela D' Amico & Steven Henry (né D'Amico). The series was produced For Disney Junior by DHX Cookie Jar Inc. (owned by WildBrain) with TVOKids and FremantleMedia Kids and Family Entertainment. The animation was provided by Atomic Cartoons.

Bago-Kusuntu language

Kusuntu is a language of Togo.

Miyobe language

Miyobe is a language of Benin and Togo.

Disney–ABC Domestic Television

Disney-ABC Domestic Television is an American distribution company in Burbank, California. It is owned By The Walt Disney Company.

Echoes, Silence, Patience &amp; Grace

Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace is the sixth studio album by Foo Fighters, an American rock band. It was released on September 25, 2007. The album went to number one on music charts in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and Austria. The album had four singles: "The Pretender", "Long Road to Ruin", "Cheer Up, Boys (Your Make Up Is Running)" and "Let It Die". "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace" was nominated for five Grammy Awards. It won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album.

Tetney

Tetney is a small village in Lincolnshire, England. 
The village has a primary school, a pub called the Plough Inn, a fish and chip shop, a small village shop, a golf club, a garden centre, two churches and a village hall.

The village hall is on the site of the playing fields which includes a cricket pitch, football pitch and, several years ago, a grass tennis court. 
Many successful local sports teams have played home games at the fields, namely Tetney United Football Club. 

The club had a tradition of using mainly Tetney based (or formerly Tetney based) players and was formed for this reason as Tetney Rovers FC were using many players from the towns and other villages. Players of note for the club included John "Digger" Shone, Stuart "Wally" Woods, Mick Foston (aka The White Feather), Lee "Blinky" Coulbeck and Andy "Blade" Glover. 

In later years the team was held together by the likes of Liam and Nick Carter, Paul & Oliver Genney, Neil "Snowy" Garton and Daniel "Fat Pie" Walker. The team also had seasons veterans such as Dave Whitehead and Paul 'Hamilton Stanbury' Price who were instrumental in the clubs greatest era of success winning several league titles and cups. Unfortunately the team was uncerimoniously disbanded several years ago. This was due to unfounded accusations by the local football authority. No football team has played from the village since.

On the edge of the village is the site of a Marconi Beam Station from where telegrams were sent to Australia and India. When built it was state of the art. It is important in the history of telecommunications. Only the bases for the masts remain. The original administration buildings which are now a small industrial complex.


Péronne-en-Mélantois

Péronne-en-Mélantois is a commune in the Nord department in northern France part of the Métropole Européenne de Lille.


Alan Curtis

Alan Curtis (November 17, 1934July 15, 2015) was an American harpsichordist, musicologist, and conductor of baroque opera.


Piet Buijnsters

Petrus Jacobus Adrianus Maria "Piet" Buijnsters (18 October 1933 – 17 November 2022) was a Dutch full professor and book historian.

From 1955 Buijnsters studied Dutch literature at the Radboud University Nijmegen. In 1962 he became a research assistant at this university at the "Instituut Nederlands" (translated: Dutch Institute). He obtained his doctorate in 1963 and his supervisor was Anton van Duinkerken. His special interest was in 18th and 19th-century Dutch literature. In 1971 he became lecturer at Nijmegen University, which position he accepted on 22 October 1971 with a speech about Sara Burgerhart. Later he became professor of Book Studies and Dutch Literature of the 18th-century at the same university. He left the univresity on 14 June 1995.

Buijnsters has published work by and about poets including Rhijnvis Feith, Justus van Effen, Betje Wolff and Aagje Deken. He also edited several text editions of these writers. He also became known as a publicist, writing about antiquarian bookshops, collecting books and book collectors. Together with his wife Leontine Buijnsters-Smets he published in 2001 "Lust en leering. Geschiedenis van het Nederlandse kinderboek in de negentiende eeuw" for which they both received the in 2002. In 2005 they received the for their publications on Dutch children's books. From 2007 Buijnsters published three monographs on the antiquarian bookshop and bibliophile in the Netherlands and Belgium.

Buijnsters died on 17 November 2022, at the age of 89.

Orchies

Orchies is a French town and commune in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region, Nord department, in the Douai district and Orchies canton.

The town is in the arrondissement of Douai in the Nord department. For the election of the deputies, it is part since 1986 of the sixth constituency of the North.

Oost-Cappel

Oost-Cappel is a commune in Nord, France on the Belgian border. It is 23 km from Dunkirk, 59 km from Lille and 25 km from Ypres which is in Belgium.

Jenő Konrád

Jenö Konrad (13 August 1894 – 15 July 1978) was a Hungarian footballer and manager. In the 1910s he played on the Hungarian National team with his brother, Kalman Konrad. He is best known for his career as a football manager. He managed SC Wacker Wien, Chinezul Timişoara, Wiener AC, Hakoah Vienna, 1. FC Nürnberg, Ripensia Timişoara, 1. FC Brno, FK Austria Wien, US Triestina, and Olympique Lillois.
He started playing at the age of 14 when he joined Budapesti AK. At 17 he went to MTK Budapest. Here he made his debut in the main team during the 1911–12 season. With the beginning of the First World War he became soldier, where he rose to the rank of officer. In May 1915 he also received his first call-up to the national team, where he played in the 2-1 win over Austria. This was his only game for Hungary. After around two years as a Russian prisoner of war, he returned to MTK Budapest in the 1918/19 season.

As a result of the political unrest in Hungary after the end of the war a number of Hungarian players went to foreign clubs. The sporting director of Wiener Amateur SV Hugo Meisl managed to bring Konrad and his younger brother Kalman to Vienna. The Hungarian federation had a heated argument with the Austrian federation at the time, as most players from Budapest working in Vienna were working without clearance from their home clubs. At the end of 1919 these players lost their permission to play in Vienna. In the spring of 1920 the players were finally released and allowed to play.

The Austrian Cup was the first title in 1921, followed in 1924 by the first championship title in club history and another cup victory. After the introduction of professional football in Austria Jenö and Kalman Konrad went to First Vienna FC. Jenö suffered a meniscus injury in 1925, which ended his active career.

Jenö took over the training of the Wiener Amateur SV and led them to their second double in 1926. He then worked for six months at SC Wacker Vienna, Romania's Chinezul Timişoara and two years at Wiener AC and took over SC Hakoah Vienna in 1929. He then became coach of 1. FC Nürnberg, which he led to the semi-finals of the German championship two years later, in which they lost to FC Bayern Munich. The National Socialist newspaper Der Stürmer started a campaign against the Jewish coach and Konrad left the club.

He returned to Romania to Ripensia Timisoara and then to SK Židenice in Brno. For the winter break of 1934/35 he returned to Austria in Vienna and led the club from last place in the table to the ÖFB Cup victory. In 1936 he moved to Italy, coached the US Triestina in Serie A and set the club's best result with sixth place. He had to leave the club and Italy in 1938 due to the Italian racial laws. He took over the coaching post at Olympique Lillois and reached the final of the French Cup, which was lost against Racing Paris. Konrad's last station in Europe was Sporting Lisbon, which he was in charge of in the 1939/40 season. Then he and his family emigrated to the USA. There he was no longer active in football.

Kaveri Priyam

Kaveri Priyam (born 22 October 1994, Bokaro) is an Indian actress. She is known for her portraying Kuhu Maheshwari Rajvansh in "Yeh Rishtey Hain Pyaar Ke" and Dr. Monami Mahajan in "Ziddi Dil Maane Na".

Kaveri Priyam was born on October 22 1994 in Bokaro, Jharkhand. She did her schooling from Bokaro's and graduated from , Vellore. After completing her studies, she moved to Mumbai and started her career as a model with advertisements. She has a younger brother, Ritesh with whom she owns a restaurant "Konkan Chilly" in Mumbai.


Lili Motto

Liliane "Lili" Motto (24 May 1918 - 28 November 1980) was a French competitive swimmer during the 1920s and 1930s. She was specialized in the 100 metre backstroke. She was national champion in the 100 metre backstroke.

Motto started swimming in 1925 and is trained by her father. Her father was a coach of the female swimmers at the Club des Nageurs de Paris. One of her first main championships, was in 1933 when Seignol participated at the championships of Paris.

in 1934 she won the silver medal at the behind Thérèse Blondeau with a time of 1:33.4. The next year she won the students championships and finsished second in the championships of Paris in the 100 metres freestyle with a time of 1:18.6. In 1935 she also participated at the international meeting against the Netherlands and at the international meeting against Germany. In 1936 she won like in 1934, the silver medal at the national championships in the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:29.6; again behind Thérèse Blondeau.

In 1937 and 1938 she became national champion at the both time ahead of Jacqueline Seignol‎. In 1937 with a time of 1:27.2 and in 1938 in a time of 1:25.4. In 1937 she also won the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay. (5:21.5).

Motto was born in Toulon in 1918. In 1935 spended her holidays in Brittany where she went sailing and sea fishing. She died on 28 November 1980 at the age of 62.

Ministry of Sound

Ministry of Sound is a British record label. It started out as a nightclub in London, but has since diversified into a multimedia entertainment business. In addition to the nightclub, it is an independent record label and worldwide events brand with a radio station and other media outlets.
Since its launch in 1993, Ministry of Sound has been responsible for 70 million album sales worldwide, in addition to 40 UK number-one albums and 21 number-one singles.

On 10 August 2016, it was announced that Ministry of Sound's A&R business had been acquired by Sony Music.

A Little Oblique

A Little Oblique is a self-released compilation. This is by dance producer deadmau5. It is one of his most obscure albums, as it was finished on his SectionZ page. 

It includes many songs which were later released on other albums (such as "Vexillology") and collaborations with Melleefresh and Steve Duda.


Project 56 (album)

Project 56 is a downloadable demo album. It is from the Canadian progressive house artist deadmau5. 

He has said on the networking website Myspace that "The idea back then was to do a thing called "Project 56" which was 56 tracks for people with short attention spans. Instead of waiting years to finally throw it together, I figured I'd just toss it to everyone." 

This album includes some tracks (be it or not in variant form) and elements that appear on the album "Get Scraped".


It Sounds Like

It Sounds Like is a singles collection from the progressive house artist Deadmau5.

At Play Vol. 2

At Play Volume 2 is an album from the progressive house artist Deadmau5. It follows from the success of the album "At Play". The album has 10 tracks. However, unlike its predecessor "At Play", the album is mixed, but the track markers are divided in a manner that allows DJs to also utilize them for mixing.


At Play Vol. 3

At Play Vol. 3 is a compilation album. It is from the Canadian progressive house musician deadmau5. It is also the third of the "At Play" series. 

The description of the album says "After bursting onto the scene in 2006, his rise to the top was swift and well deserved, grabbing the producer of the year accolade and accumulating a wave of Beatport number ones quickly turned a lot of heads through the industry, and it wasn't long before his in demand work was being licensed to the biggest compilations & labels in the business". Like the previous "At Play" albums, this album consists of "10 Full Length DJ Friendly Tracks" as it says on the sleeve. 

It can be noted that half of the tracks are from his 2006 album "Vexillology" and the last two are singles from 2007.

Meowingtons Hax Tour Trax

Meowingtons Hax Tour Trax is a studio album. It is by artists who are signed to Deadmau5's record label, Mau5trap. It was made to promote the artists and his Meowingtons Hax Tour, which was named after his cat, Professor Meowingtons. Despite the name, only one of the tracks on the album is by Deadmau5, and the rest are by other artists, including Skrillex, Moguai, Datsik and Feed Me.

At Play Vol. 4

At Play, Vol. 4 is a compilation album. It is from the Canadian progressive house musician deadmau5. It is also the fourth of the "At Play" series. Like the other "At Play" albums, this instalment contains tracks previously released on the 2006 album "Vexillology" and the 2007 EP "Full Circle".

"At Play, Vol. 4" also includes the track "GH-XSW" (renamed "GH"), which was "created in the days before "Get Scraped"." The track also reuses a sample from the track "Sometimes I Fail".

Like with "At Play Vol. 3", deadmau5 claims to have nothing to do with this volume of "At Play".

Just a Little More Love

Just a Little More Love is a studio album. It was the first one released by David Guetta. It has 13 tracks that are all over three minutes, except "Lately".

The title track "Just a Little More Love" was remixed by Wally Lopez. It was featured on MoS: Clubbers Guide 2004 and in the soundtrack to "The Football Factory". "Love Don't Let Me Go" was a featured remix with The Egg in 2006.

The album has a song called 'Atomic Food'. In this song, types of food are spoken over a synth drum.


Guetta Blaster

Guetta Blaster is an album. It is the second one by French DJ David Guetta. It was released by Virgin Records on September 13, 2004.


All bonus tracks appear on the digipak limited edition of "Guetta Blaster".


All bonus tracks and footage appear on the CD/DVD edition of "Guetta Blaster".


Pop Life (David Guetta album)

Pop Life is the title of a studio album. It is the third one released by French DJ David Guetta. It was released on Virgin Records in 2007. It was produced with Joachim Garraud. Longtime collaborator Chris Willis is the main vocalist; guest vocals are provided by JD Davis, Juliet, Tara McDonald, Cozi Costi and Thailand.

The first single to be released from "Pop Life" was "Love Is Gone", which became a Top 10 hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at #9. A remix by Fred Riester and Joachim Garraud received play in dance clubs across the world. The second single was "Baby When the Light" which featured vocals by Cozi Costi. Subsequent singles include "Delirious" (featuring Tara McDonald on vocals), "Tomorrow Can Wait" and "Everytime We Touch".



14. "Love Don't Let Me Go (Walking Away)" — 3:16


14. "Don't Be Afraid" — 3:16
15. "Take Me Away" — 4:25
16. "Love Don't Let Me Go (Walking Away)" — 3:16

Future bass

Future bass is an EDM genre. It features modulated synthesizer bass sounds. The genre was brought to mainstream by Flume, Lido, Wave Racer, and Cashmere Cat. It was also popularised in the mid-2010s by artists like Louis the Child, Marshmello, Martin Garrix, Mura Masa and San Holo. 2016 was seen as the breakout year for the genre. 
The future bass roots can be traced back to Burial's self-titled album, released in 2006. The genre was pioneered by Rustie, Hudson Mohawke and RL Grime, who began producing future bass tracks in 2010. One of the first popularity-fueling releases in the genre was Rustie album Glass Swords, released in 2011. Later, in 2013, the Flume remix for Disclosure's song "You & Me" brought the genre into the mainstream. 

Then future bass became popular in the United Kingdom, United States, Japan, China, Korea and Australia.

Future bass tracks with mainstream pop influences often use supersaw chords. Underground tracks tend to experiment, blending real instruments into the songs and using many different sounds.

One Love (David Guetta album)

One Love is the fourth studio album by French DJ David Guetta. It was first released in the United Kingdom on August 24, 2009 by Virgin Records. It was Guetta's first major international album. 
The album had positive reviews from music critics. This was a commercial success, selling over 3 million copies globally. It spawned a total of six worldwide hit singles throughout 2009 and 2010, most notably "When Love Takes Over" featuring American recording artist Kelly Rowland, "Sexy Bitch" featuring Senegalese-American R&B singer Akon, and "Who's That Chick?" featuring Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. Since the album's release it has been reissued several times to include unreleased tracks and other bonus material.


"One Love" at Metacritic

Moral panic

Moral panic is when a category or group of people is seen as a threat to the moral values of society. The people who are seen as a threat show certain patterns of behaviour which are seen as problematic. The goal of the moral panic is to stop these problematic behaviours. In modern times, a sensationalist reporting of the press, and privately organized actions often accompany moral panics. 

In the end, a moral panic will lead to an increase in social control; the chances that values change in a normal way will decrease. 

Moral panic is different from mass hysteria. With mass hysteria, there is no social control.


Flash mob

A flash mob (or flashmob) is when people suddenly come together in a public place to do something. After they are done, they disperse again. Many times, the people coming together do not know each other. Flash mobs are often done for entertainment, satire, and art. Flash mobs may be organized via telecommunications, social media, or viral emails.

The term was first used in 2003. It is generally not used for events and performances organized for politics (such as protests), advertisments, or actions that involve public relation firms or paid professionals. If a flash mob is planned, the term smart mob is often used.

The term "flash rob" or "flash mob robberies", a reference to the way flash mobs assemble, has been used to describe many robberies and assaults done by groups of teenage youth. Bill Wasik, originator of the first flash mobs, and a number of other commentators have questioned or objected to the usage of "flash mob" to describe criminal acts. Flash mob has also been featured in some Hollywood movie series, such as "Step Up".

Delta Canis Majoris

Delta Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation of Canis Major. It is a yellow-white F-type supergiant with an apparent magnitude of +1.83.

Since 1943, the spectrum of this star has been one of the stable anchor points by which other stars are classified.

Delta Canis Majoris is a supergiant of class F8 with a radius around 215 times that of the Sun.

Its surface temperature is 5,818 K, and it is 12 times more massive than the Sun. Its absolute magnitude is −6.87, and it is 1,600 light-years away. It is rotating at a speed of around 28 km/s, and so may take a year to rotate fully.

Only around 10 million years old, Delta Canis Majoris has stopped fusing hydrogen in its core, Its outer envelope is beginning to expand and cool, and in the next 100,000 years it will become a red supergiant as its core fuses heavier and heavier elements, Once it has an iron core, it will collapse and explode as a supernova.

If Delta Canis Majoris were as close to Earth as Sirius is, it would be as bright as a half-full moon.

Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?

Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? is a music album. It is the first one by English singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released on 28 September 2009 by Epic Records. Its first two singles from the album are "Stone Cold Sober" and "New York". Both peaked within the top twenty in the United Kingdom.

The following tracks were not released on the album, but have been released as a single B-side.


Fall to Grace

Fall to Grace is a studio album. It is the second one by British singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released on 28 May 2012. She worked on the album with producer Nellee Hooper, who previously worked with artists such as Björk, Massive Attack, and Gwen Stefani. 

Faith has said "The new album has taken on a very cinematic mood. I am very excited to introduce my new sound into the world. Working with Nellee Hooper (Björk, Madonna) has been really inspirational." Likewise, Hooper said that working with Faith reminded him of his work with Björk, saying "At lunch [Paloma Faith] sat and talked in such detail, as if every song was a short film, referencing everything from Chinese romantic cinema to Hip Hop."

The album's lead single is "Picking Up the Pieces". It was released on 20 May 2012. Faith described it as "...the issues of being in a relationship with someone who is still recovering from a previous relationship with another person. It is a song about self-doubt and insecurity."


A Perfect Contradiction

A Perfect Contradiction is a studio album. It is the third one by the English recording artist Paloma Faith. It was released by Sony Music Entertainment on 10 March 2014. The album is a pop album. It has elements of R&B, jazz, soul, Motown and disco. The album received mixed to positive reviews; it spawned six singles; "Can't Rely on You", "Only Love Can Hurt Like This", "Trouble with My Baby", "Ready for the Good Life", "Leave While I'm Not Looking" and "Beauty Remains"; the first two of these charted within the top 10 in the United Kingdom and "Only Love Can Hurt Like This" topped the charts in Australia.

Notes

Moombahton

Moombahton (, ) is a fusion genre. It mixes house music, african music and reggaeton.
It was created by American DJ and producer Dave Nada in Washington, D.C., in 2009.

Moombahton was created by Dave Nada in late 2009. It was while he was DJing his cousin's high school cut party in Washington, D.C.. He blended the house and club music which he had planned to play with the dancehall and bachata. The guests were listening to them by slowing down Afrojack's remix of Silvio Ecomo and Chuckie's "Moombah!" from 128 BPM to 108 BPM, to create the basis of the genre. Between late 2009 and early 2010, Nada worked on a five track extended play of moombahton tracks that was released in March 2010, with the support of the DJ Ayres and the DJ Tittsworth at T&A Records.

Though not referred to as moombahton, the concept of combining reggae/dancehall/reggaeton percussion with electronic elements dates back further than Dave Nada. Examples of artists which previously fused Latin and electronic dance music include Nadia Oh, El General, Masters at Work, Munchi, Luny Tunes, Jowell & Randy.

Moombahton has also been incorporated into existing styles of music. It creates derivative genres such as moombahcore. That was a genre fusing the tempo and percussion of moombahton with the distorted sounds of modern dubstep.

In January 2012, Beatport created a chart for the top moombahton songs of 2011.

Moombahton creator Nada and collaborator Matt Nordstrom as Nadastrom (who toured with Skrillex in 2011) are currently based in Los Angeles but return regularly to DC to play the "Moombahton Massive" parties they established in 2010 at U Street Music Hall.

Aplastodiscus perviridis

The canebreak tree frog ("Aplastodiscus perviridis") is a frog. It lives in Brazil and Argentina. Scientists think it might also live in Paraguay.

Taste Buds (TV series)

Taste Buds is a 2008-10 Canadian and American children's Educational television series. It was Co-Produced by Canadian Studios Nelvana and Marblemedia (Onartio) and American Animation Network Qubo (Florida) It was produced in Association with TVOKids (Onartio) SCN (Saskatchewan) Knowledge Kids (British Columbia) and Access (Alberta)

Science Max

Science Max is a 2015 Canadian children's educational television series. It was produced by Canadian Studio Breakthrough Entertainment and Produced In Association with TVOKids Knowledge Network and Qubo.

Zerby Derby

Zerby Derby is a 2013-15 Canadian children's television series. It was produced by Breakthrough Entertainment and produced with TVOKids, TFO and Knowledge Kids and It aired broadcasting from Sprout/Universal Kids on March 1, 2014 and until May 20, 2018 as Lily's Driftwood Bay, Stella and Sam, Pajanimals, Clangers (2015 TV show), Astroblast! And Zou

Télémagino

Telemagino As Playhouse Disney Tele, and Disney Junior Tele, is a Canadian children's French-language television channel. It was owned by Family Channel and Wildbrain Studios.

WildBrainTV

WildbrainTV (formerly known as Family Chrgd and Disney XD) is a Canadian children's English-language television channel. It was owned by Wildbrain Studios.

United States service academies

Military academies are military schools for the training of army officers. In the US there are several academies:

Evaluation

Evaluation is the process of coming to a judgment about how good something is. A list of standards (a criteria) needs to be created before the judgment is made. This list defines what 'good' looks like in that situation. Whatever is being judged is then compared to this list. A judgment can then be made about how good that thing is.

Students are regularly evaluated in schools and universities to decide how good they are. Teachers may create a list of standards that a student must reach in order to pass a course. To be fair, this list must be applied consistently and equally to all students. 

In some subjects, students may write essays. An essay is a long piece of writing that includes evaluation. Therefore, the introduction of an essay usually includes a judgment about how good something is and the list of standards that the student has used to make that judgement. The remainder of the essay is spent proving that the opinion formed is logically correct. The writer of the essay may return to the criteria frequently to demonstrate that their opinion is the correct one, given the criteria they have used.

1923–24 Austrian Cup

The 1923-24 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football. Only clubs from Vienna took part. However, the Vienna Cup is recognized as the Austrian Cup.

Replay matches:

Viktor Hierländer

Viktor Hierländer (7 June 1900 – 20 January 1982) was an Austrian football player and manager.
He played for Floridsdorfer AC, SpVgg Fürth, FK Austria Wien, New York Giants and Wiener AC.

He coached Cracovia, BSC Young Boys, Alexandria, Admira Wien, Austria (Amateur, most notably at the 1952 Summer Olympics) and SK Rapid Wien.


Bo on the Go!

Bo on The Go is a 2007-09 Canadian CGI children's animated educational television series. It is aimed at preschool children. It was produced by Haflaxfilm. It was distributed by Decode Entertainment and produced with CBC Television (Season 1) and Kids CBC (Season 2-3).

Planet Sketch

Planet Sketch is a 2005-08 Canadian/British animated television series. It was Co-Produced by Canadian studio Decode Entertainment and British animation studio Aardman Animation with Teletoon.

Chop Socky Chooks

Chop Socky Chooks is a 2007-09 British/Canadian CGI children's animated educational television series. It was Co-Produced by British animation studio Aardman Animations and Canadian Studio Decode Entertainment and with the participation of Teletoon.

Waybuloo

Waybuloo Is A 2009-12 Canadian/British/American Childrens Television Series Co-Produced By Canadian Studio Decode Entertainment and British Animation Studio The Foundation And Produced In Association With Treehouse TV As A United Kingdom-Canada-United States Co-Production

Think Big

Think Big Is A Canadian/American Childrens Educational Television Series Co-Produced By Breakthrough Entertainment Strokes Media And Telco Productions And Produced In Association With TVOKids SCN Knowledge Kids and Access From 2008 to 2011

Wilbur Season 2

Wilbur Is A 2007-08 Canadian Childrens Television Series Co-Produced By Mercury Filmworks EKA Productions and Chilco Productions And Produced In Association With Kids CBC and Discovery Kids

Animal Mechanicals

Animal Mechanicals is a 2008-11 Canadian CGI children's animated educational preschool television series produced by Halifax Film and distributed by Decode Entertainment and produced in association with Kids' CBC and CBC Radio-Canada (Season 3).

Jimmy Hogan

James "Jimmy" Hogan (16 October 1882 – 30 January 1974) was an English football player and coach. He was a notable footballer but his legacy is that he was a pioneer of the game and an innovative coach for teams and national teams across Europe.
Hogan's first signing was for Burnley F.C.. In 1905 he left and joined Fulham. Hogan helped Fulham reach the FA Cup semi-final in 1907–08 before joining Swindon Town and then Bolton Wanderers. In a pre-season tour Bolton beat Dutch club FC Dordrecht 10–0; Hogan promised to return to Dordrecht to ""teach those fellows how to play properly"".

In 1910 he signed a two-year contract at Dordrecht and improved the team in fitness and ball control. He also introduced the Combination Game. Impressed by his methods, the Royal Dutch Football Association let Hogan manage the Netherlands in a friendly match against Germany in October 1910, which they won 2–1. Hogan also briefly coached Wiener Amateur-SV in 1911 and 1912. In 1912, Hogan returned for a final season as a player at Bolton. Then he returned to Vienna to coach the Austrian national team. World War I meant that he was interned as a foreign prisoner of war. He was smuggled to the Hungarian border and went to Budapest, where he was allowed to coach at MTK Budapest between 1914 and 1918. Hogan laid the foundations for MTK's domination of Hungarian football, as they won ten domestic titles in a row between 1913-14 and 1924–25. During a brief return to England, he was regarded as a traitor for coaching foreign clubs.

At the end of the First World War he became coach of Young Boys Bern until 1920. 1924 he returned to Switzerland as coach of the Switzerland national team alongside his compatriot Teddy Duckworth and Hungarian Izidor Kürschner for the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. Switzerland reached the final but lost 3–0 against Uruguay. 

After the Olympics, Hogan coached Lausanne Sports and Dresdner SC Then he returned to MTK Budapest between 1925 and 1927.

Hogan next formed a partnership with Hugo Meisl in 1931. They were coaching the Austrian national team to success during its "Wunderteam" period. Between 1932 and 1934, Hogan managed Racing Club de Paris and Lausanne Sports once again before returning to England to manage Fulham from 1934. Hogan was sacked after only 31 games.

Hogan helped coach the Austrian national team at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. Austria reached the final but were beaten 2–1 by Italy after extra time. After that he returned to England and coached Aston Villa Arriving at Villa, Hogan outlined his philosophy: ""I am a teacher and lover of constructive football with every pass, every kick, every movement an object."" He reached the FA Cup semi-final in 1937–38, but was sacked while in hospital with appendicitis just after the outbreak of World War II.

Hogan joined Brentford as coach in September 1948, before joining Celtic in the same year. The majority of the players viewed Hogan’s appointment negative. Hogan left Celtic by mutual agreement in 1950. Aston Villa asked him to return. Villa won the 1956–57 FA Cup.

Hogan retired, aged 77, in November 1959, but continued to scout for both Villa and Burnley. Hogan died in 1974 whilst living with his sister's daughter Margaret Melia on Brunshaw Avenue, Burnley.
MTK Budapest

Young Boys Bern

Aston Villa

Monster Math Squad

Monster Math Squad Is A Canadian CGI Childrens Animated Educational Television Series Produced By DHX Media and Produced In Association With CBC Television and Qubo.

Kate &amp; Mim-Mim

Kate and Mim-Mim is a children's computer-animated television series. It is produced by Nerd Crops Entertainment in season 1 and DHX Media in season 2, and produced in association with Knowledge Kids, CBeebies, BBC Kids, Family Jr., and Disney Junior.




On October 13, 2013, it is produced by Nerd Corps Entertainment, but it is released on August 4, 2014 in the North America.
On September 15, 2017, but there's no discussion for Season 3.

Giver (TV series)

Giver Is A Canadian Childrens Educational Television Series Produced By Sinking Ship Entertainment and Produced In Association With TVOKids Qubo and Knowledge Kids 

Miss BG

Miss BG Is A 2005-08 Canadian/French Childrens Animated Educational Television Series Co-Produced By Marblemedia (Canada) and Ellipsanime (France) In Association With TVO (Canada) TFO (Canada) and France 5 (France)

The Hoobs

The Hoobs is a 2001-03 British/Canadian Children's educational television series co-produced by British Animation Studio Jim Henson Productions (UK) and Canadian Studio Decode Entertainment (Canada) In Association With Channel 4 (UK) and TVOnartio (Canada) and It aired broadcasting from PBS Kids Sprout on December 25, 2006 to until August 23, 2009

This is Daniel Cook.

This Is Daniel Cook Is A Canadian/American Childrens Television Series Produced By Sinking Ship Entertainment Disney Channel and Marblemedia And Co-produced In Association With TVOnartio Treehouse Saskatchewan Coummactioans Network Knowledge and Access.

At Play

At Play is a compilation album. It is by the progressive house artist deadmau5. The album consists of several deadmau5 tracks from his earlier releases, as well as collaborations with Melleefresh. The album cover includes the '10 Full Length DJ Friendly Tracks' message. That is typical of the "At Play" series.


Gettin' Over You

"Gettin' Over You" is a song by French DJ David Guetta. It has vocals from American singer Chris Willis. It is from Guetta's fourth studio album "One Love". It also has vocals by Fergie and LMFAO was released as the fifth single from "One Love" on 12 April 2010. 

The song became Guetta's first number-one hit in France. It also topped the dance charts in the United Kingdom and United States. It reached top five positions in Australia, Austria, Ireland, Italy and New Zealand.

South Carolina Gamecocks

The South Carolina Gamecocks is the name for the sports teams at the University of South Carolina. The gamecock is also the mascot for the school. Men's sports teams used to be named the "Fighting Gamecocks", and women's sports teams used to be named the "Lady Gamecocks". The school later started calling all sports teams just "Gamecocks" so there was not sexism.

All of the school's sports teams play in Division I of the NCAA. Every sport except men's soccer and women's beach volleyball are in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). This is because the SEC does not have these sports. Men's soccer plays in the Sun Belt Conference, and women's beach volleyball plays in the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association. 

The Gamecocks have won eleven national titles. Many Olympians have been Gamecocks.

Golden Harvest

Golden Harvest (嘉禾娛樂公司) is a film producer and distributor based in Hong Kong. It was the first Chinese film company to be fully successful in the Western market as well. Golden Harvest ceased film production in 2003. Among the more famous names of the company are that of the old producer Raymond Chow and that of Leonard Ho Koon Cheung. Chow and Ho were executives in partnership with another major firm, Shaw Brothers, which ended in 1970. Golden Harvest was successful due to a different organizational approach than Shaw Brothers' centralized model. Golden Harvest contracted with independent producers and bought various talents and creative freedom for their money. In 1971, he struck a deal with martial arts superstar Bruce Lee , turning down Shaws' offer for low pay. In 1972, he entered into a deal with Concord Production Inc. and in 1973 entered into a pioneering co-distribuction with Hollywood for the English-language film Enter the Dragon, a worldwide hit co-produced by Warner Bros. with Concord Production Inc.
Golden Harvest replaced Shaw Brothers as the top production house in Hong Kong from the late 1970s to the 1990s .
Since 1980, he has produced almost all of Jackie Chan 's films , box office stars in Asia. Golden Harvest has also produced a number of films for Jet Li and Donnie Yen. The company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1994. Li Ka-shing and EMI became shareholders of the company in 2004 .
Golden Harvest's business has declined in recent years. In 2003, film production was abandoned to focus on financing, distribution and management, in Hong Kong and mainland China.

The company has produced:

The company has distributed:


Marcus Lamb

Marcus Daron Lamb (October 7, 1957 – November 30, 2021) was an American televangelist, prosperity theologian, minister, Christian broadcaster, and anti-vaccine advocate. He was the co-founder, president, and CEO of the Daystar Television Network.



Joni Lamb

Joni Lamb (born July 19, 1960) is a Christian broadcaster and the co-founder, vice-president, and executive producer of the Daystar Television Network. She has been involved with Christian television since the mid-1980s. She is known for her work with her husband, Marcus Lamb, with Daystar.


The Criterion Collection

The Criterion Collection is a company whose goal is to release classic movies, or more rarely more recent movies, on home video , after having restored and remastered them, attaching extras on production or curiosities about the movie.

Chudasama

The Chudasama are a Abhira (Ahir) clan found in the state of Gujarat in India. Ahirs claim that they have descended from Yadava race of Lord Krishna and claims to have belonged to Kshtriya Varna. They are also called Ahir Ranas. Ra Graharipu the Ahir of Junagarh who fought Mularaja Solanki in A.D 961 was later identified as a Chudasama.

The Chudasama dynasty, originally of Abhira clan from Sind wielded great influence around Junagadh from the 875 A.D. onwards when they consolidated themselves at Vanthali (ancient Vamanasthali) close to Girnar under their - King Ra Chuda.

The Abhiras began to rule in Southern and western Sourashtra from the second half of the 10th century A.D their capital was vamanshtali, modern vanthali nine miles west of Junagadh. They became very powerful during the reign of Graharipu who defeated the Saindhavas and the Chaulukyas. 

A Chudasama prince styled Graharipu and ruling at Vanthali near Junagadh is described in the Dyashraya-Kavya of Hemachandra as an Abhira and a Yadava.

Art Port

Art Port Inc. is a film production and distribution company headquartered in Shibuya-ku. Tokyo.

(Don't Go Back To) Rockville

"(Don't Go Back To) Rockville" is a 1984 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the second and final single from their second studio album "Reckoning". It did not chart in the United States or the United Kingdom.

All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe.

European singles


US singles


 Recorded at the Theater El Dorado, Paris, France, April 20, 1984.

Mouth for War

"Mouth for War" is a 1992 song by American heavy metal band Pantera and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Vulgar Display of Power". It went to number 73 in the United Kingdom.

Hells Bells (song)

"Hells Bells" is a 1980 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is a comeback single following the death of Bon Scott. It is the second single from their seventh studio album "Back in Black". It went to number 7 in Australia, number 16 in France, number 25 in Germany, number 32 in Hungary, number 43 in France and number 49 in Austria.

In and Out of Love (Bon Jovi song)

"In and Out of Love" is a 1985 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi. It is the second single from their second studio album "7800° Fahrenheit". It went to number 69 in the United States and number 37 in the Billboard rock chart.

John Colter

John Colter (born around 1770–1775 – died May 7, 1812 or November 22, 1813) was a member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition from 1804 to 1806. Colter is known for being the first person who was not a Native American to visit the area that is now Yellowstone National Park. He was also the first to see the Teton Mountain Range. He explored by himself for months, and is one of the first mountain men.

Sugar Tree Knob, Tennessee

Sugar Tree Knob is an unincorporated community in Cannon County, Tennessee, United States.

Opiate (EP)

Opiate is an extended play (EP) by American rock band Tool. It was released in March 1992. The band's first album, "Undertow", was released a year later. The EP was certified platinum by the RIAA. When Tool started streaming their music in 2019, it went onto music charts in many countries.

"Opiate" has seven songs. Two of them are live recordings. The seventh song, "The Gaping Lotus Experience", starts after the end of "Opiate". The cassette version of "Opiate" does not have "The Gaping Lotus Experience". A music video was made for the song "Hush".

Children's Online Privacy Protection Act

The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) is a United States federal law, located at 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501–6506 (Pub.L. 105–277 (text) (PDF), 112 Stat. 2681-728, enacted October 21, 1998). It is about the personal info of children under 13 online.

National Anthem of the Kyrgyz Republic

The "National Anthem of the Kyrgyz Republic" () is the national anthem of Kyrgyzstan. It was adopted in 1992. During the Soviet era, the anthem of the Kirghiz SSR was used.

BBC Kids

BBC Kids is the international children's brand of BBC Studios. It has been applied to a number of TV services.


Pheng Xat Lao

"Pheng Xat Lao" (, ; "Hymn of the Lao People") is the national anthem of Laos.

National Anthem of Lebanon

The national anthem of Lebanon (, ) was adopted in 1927.

As-Salam as-Sultani

"as-Salâm as-Solṭâni" (; "Salute to the Sultan") is the national anthem of Oman.

As-Salam al-Amiri

"as-Salām al-ʾAmīrī" (; "Peace to the Amir") is the national anthem of Qatar.

The Big Four: Live from Sofia, Bulgaria

The Big Four: Live from Sofia, Bulgaria is a concert video with the bands Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer and Anthrax in it. These bands are known as the "Big Four" of American thrash metal. The concert happened on June 22, 2010, at the Sonisphere Festival (a rock music concert) in Sofia, Bulgaria. It was shown at over 400 movie theaters in the United States, and over 300 theaters in other countries.

The DVD went to number one on the "Billboard" Music DVD Chart. It also went to number one on music video charts in New Zealand, Australia, and the United Kingdom. It was certified gold in Germany and New Zealand. The video gave Slayer their first platinum certification, because it was certified platinum in the United States and Poland.

National Anthem of Kuwait

"an-Nashīd al-Waṭani" (; "National Anthem") is the national anthem of Kuwait.

State Anthem of Turkmenistan

The "State Anthem of Turkmenistan" (), officially called the "National Anthem of Independent, Neutral Turkmenistan" (), is the national anthem of Turkmenistan. It was adopted in 1992 and modified in 2008. During the Soviet era, the anthem of the Turkmen SSR was used.

National anthem of Yemen

"United Republic" () is the national anthem of Yemen.

Mikhail Chigir

Mikhail Chigir (Born 24 May 1948) is a Belarusian politician who served as prime ministers from 1994-1996.

Chigir was appointed as Prime Minister in July 1994, on the day following the inauguration of Alexander Lukashenko as president. Prior to this, he served as head of Belagroprombank, a bank specializing in agricultural pursuits.

In 1996, Chigir resigned as prime minister in protest of Lukashenko's efforts to gain unlimited authority over the country. The following year he became a signatory of Charter 97. In 1999, he announced he would run for President of Belarus in order to unseat Lukashenko.

Lars Søndergaard

Lars Søndergaard (* April 5 1959 in Aalborg) is a Danish football coach and former football player.
He played for Aalborg BK throughout his career before a ruptured cruciate ligament stopped his active career. He became youth coach and later assistant coach at his home club.

From 2000 he was coach in the Austrian Bundesliga. He began as assistance coach to Hans Backe with SV Austria Salzburg. (2000-2001). From 2001 till 2003 he was headcoach in Salzburg. In the 2004/05 season he was in charge of FK Austria Wien until Frank Stronach sacked him. From January 2006 to June 2007 he was headcoach of Grazer AK where he followed Walter Schachner. . In the 2007/08 season he coached the Second league club FC Wacker Innsbruck until October 2007. From January 2008 on he was coach of FC Red Bull Salzburg Juniors . In the summer of 2008 he became head of the Red Bull Salzburg football academy for a year. 

Then he went back to Denmark where he coached Viborg FF in the second Danish league, SønderjyskE and Aalborg BK. 2017 he became coach of the Danish women's national football team.

Fritz Levitus

Fritz Levitus was an Austrian football player and coach.

He played in the Austrian championship first with Wiener AF in the seasons 1915, 1915–16 and 1916–17, and then with Hakoah Wien in the seasons 1921–22 and 1922–23.

Later he became a coach and managed Yugoslav club FK Vojvodina between 1936 and 1938. He also coached Maccabi Brno in Czechoslovakia.

Jan Sierada

Jan Sierada (Born May 13 1879) was a Belarusian politician who served as a president and PM during 1918- he was a notable figure in the place.

In 1940 he was imprisoned but freed in 1941 then exiled- after that- no one knows his fate, this event happened on Nov 19 1943.

King of Pain

"King of Pain" is a 1983 song by English band The Police. It is the fifth and final single from their fifth studio album "Synchronicity". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 3 in the United States, number 7 in Ireland, number 17 in the United Kingdom and number 19 in Belgium.





Canadian singer Alanis Morissette covered "King of Pain" for her 1999 live album "MTV Unplugged". It was released as a single on 19 April 2000. It went to number 54 in Brazil and number 92 in the Netherlands.


List of national leaders of Belarus

This shows a list of Soviet national leaders of the place above from 1918 to 1991

Alexander Lukashenko (1994-present)

JEFIM GIENKIN 1920-1924

ALEKSANDER MIASNIKIAN 1919-1919

ZMICIER ZHYLUNOVICH 1919-1919

PYOTRA KRECHEUSKI 1919-1920
(PETER KRECHEVSKI]]
Kazimir Cichovski 1920-1920

Vilhelm Knorin 1920-1922

Waclaw Bogutski 1922-1924

Alexander Osatkin-Vladimirsky 1924-1925

Aleksander Krinitsky 1925-1925

NIKOLAY GOLODED 1925-1927

Jan Gamarnik 1927-1929

Konstantin Hey 1929-1932

Mikalaj Hikala 1932-1937

Michail Stakun 1937-1937

Nicypar Natalevich 1937-1948

Sergei Pritiki 1948-1967

Valentina Klochkova 1967-1968

Fiodar Surganov 1968-1976

Iwan Palakou (alias Ivan Polyakov) 1976-1985

George Tarasevic 1985-1989

Mikalay Dzemyantsyey 1990-1991

Vyacheslav Kuznetsov 1994-1994

Vincas Kapsukas Mincevicius 1919-1919

Jazep Losik 1919-1919

None

Diamond Dogs (song)

"Diamond Dogs" is a 1974 song by David Bowie. It is the title track to his eighth studio album of the same name. It went to number 21 in the United Kingdom. It was not issued in the United States. It was covered by Duran Duran for their 1995 album "Thank You".

All tracks were written by David Bowie.

In Australia, a 2'58" edit of "Diamond Dogs" was used (RCA 102462) instead of the full-length album version.<ref name="http://www.illustrated-db-discography.nl/"></ref>

Atemoya

Annona × atemoya, the atemoya, is a species of plant in the genus Annona.

HD 179821

HD 179821 or V1427 Aquilae is a post-red supergiant yellow hypergiant star in the constellation of Aquila. It is surrounded by a detached dust shell. It is a semi-regular variable nearing the end of its life.

The Sweetest Taboo

"The Sweetest Taboo" is a 1985 song by singer Sade. It is from their second studio album "Promise". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 9 in Finland, number 10 in Belgium, number 11 in Ireland and New Zealand, number 12 in Canada, Italy and the Netherlands, number 14 in Switzerland and number 31 in the United States.





Macramé

Macramé is a form of textile art. It is created using knotting (rather than weaving or knitting) techniques.

The main knots of macramé are the square (or reef knot) and forms of "hitching" with many combinations of half hitches. It was long created by sailors. They often created ornamental knotting forms to cover anything from knife handles to bottles or parts of ships.

Cavandoli macramé is one type of macrame. It is used to form geometric and free-form patterns like weaving. The Cavandoli style is done mainly in a single knot, the double half-hitch knot. 

Leather or fabric belts are items that are often created by macramé techniques. Most friendship bracelets made by children and teens are created using macrame. 

Vertical Aerospace

Vertical Aerospace is a UK aerospace company based in Bristol, established in 2016. The founder of the company is Stephen Fitzpatrick, whose goal was to create a company that would deal with making aviation carbon-free. For this purpose, the company uses knowledge and skills from the aviation, energy and automotive industries.  In 2017, Vertical Aerospace built their first eVTOL aircraft, the VA-X1, which made its first flight that year. In 2018, the VA-X1 received airworthiness clearance from the UK Aviation Authority. 

In 2019, Vertical's second eVTOL aircraft, the VA-X2, took off. In the same year, cooperation with Honeywell International Inc. began.  In 2020, Vertical Aerospace unveiled its next aircraft, the VA-X4. By 2021, the VA-X4 was built with the help of Rolls-Royce, Solvay and Microsoft. In the same year, 1,350 orders for this aircraft were received from various airlines. In 2022, the first test flight was made with VA-X4.

Daedalean

Daedalean is a technology company. They are building autonomous piloting software systems for civil aircraft. It uses machine learning and collaborates with aerospace and avionics companies. It is headquartered in Zürich, Switzerland, and has offices in Latvia, and the USA.

Daedalean was founded in 2016 my ex Google employees. The startup is developing flight deck instruments based on machine learning and neural networks which will minimize human involvement in the flying process. 

Lilium Jet

Lilium Jet is an electrically powered VTOL air taxi developed by the German company Lilium. The five-seat Lilium Jet prototype first flew in May 2019.

Primary (song)

"Primary" is a 1981 song by the English gothic rock band The Cure and is only single from their third studio album "Faith". It went to number 43 in the United Kingdom and was covered by The Dandy Warhols.

7"

12"

Live Wire (Mötley Crüe song)

"Live Wire" is a 1982 debut single from American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. It is from their first studio album "Too Fast for Love". In 2019 it went to number 24 in the Billboard rock chart.

The Climate Book

The Climate Book is a non-fiction book on the subject of climate change and climate protection written by Greta Thunberg in collaboration with many scientists and science journalists. The English original and translations in languages such as German, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, French, Italian, Swedish, Danish and Norwegian were published almost simultaneously in October 2022.

The book is an interdisciplinary collaborative effort, divided into five parts by an overarching structure. In total, more than 100 experts from numerous disciplines such as geophysics, meteorology, engineering, mathematics, history, as well as indigenous leaders contributed to the book. The individual contributions are grouped into larger sections by introductions by Thunberg. These are:

The book attempts to lay the foundations for a complex understanding of the global climate crisis and to outline responses to address it. Climate education is to be promoted in schools and the media, which is seen as a prerequisite for meaningful action. Thunberg makes an attempt to address what she sees as a false balance in reporting, exposing the manipulation of environmental statistics by "negotiating out" emissions and misleading labels such as "green" hydrogen, and making the voices of those currently most affected by the impacts of climate change from the Global South heard.

A unique feature of the book, which could be seen as a criticism in a book of this ambition, is that it lacks a bibliography and large annotation apparatus. Authoritative expertsThey are not quoted, their positions are not referenced, but they themselves have their say.

Undercover of the Night

"Undercover of the Night" is a 1983 song by English rock band The Rolling Stones and is the leading single from their 1983 album "Undercover". It went to number 4 in the Netherlands, number 5 in Belgium, number 8 in Norway, number 9 in the United States, number 10 in New Zealand and Ireland, number 11 in Canada and the United Kingdom, number 15 in Sweden, number 18 in Switzerland and number 19 in Austria and Finland.

After the Fall (song)

"After the Fall" is a 1983 song by Journey and is the third single from their 8th studio album "Frontiers". It went to number 23 in the United States and was used in the 1983 movie "Risky Business".

John Little

John Little (born 1960) is a writer and bodybuilding advocate. A native of Canada, Little is a writer in the fields of martial arts, bodybuilding and physical conditioning.

Albertine Ledoux

Albertine Ledoux (born 1911) was a French competitive swimmer from Tourcoing during the 1920s. She was specialized in the 100 metre backstroke. She was a member of Enfants de Neptune de Tourcoing.

In 1925 she became for the first time national champion at the with a time of 1:37.2. With with her team she also won the National Cup. A week later on 23 August 1925, she beated the French national record in the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:34 in Tourelles. The next year she broke the national record 100 metre backstroke three times. On 21 February 1926 with a time of 1:33.8 in Lille, on 4 July in with time of 1:32.4 in Tourcoing and on 7 November with a time of 1:31.6 again in Tourcoing. In August in the same year she became for the second consecutive time national champion in the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:35.8.

Ledoux was born in 1911 as the daughter of great merchants. Her older sister Marguerite Ledoux was also a swimmer who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.

Irma Burr

Irma Burr was a French competitive swimmer from Strasbourg during the late 1910s and early 1920s. She was a member of Société de Natation de Strasbourg. She was specialized in the backstroke but also competed in freestyle events.

In 1925 she beated the French national record in the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:51.8 during a competition in Paris on 25 October. In 1920 she competed at the national championships, but didn't won a medal. In 1921 she was very successful at the national swimming championships in Strasbourg. She won the inaugural with a time of 1:48.4. She also won the silver medal in the with a time of 1:36.4. With her team she won the National Cup in a time of 3:09.

In 1922 she would be part of the national team at the 1922 Women's Olympiad, about the earliest international women's swimming championships. But before the competitions, Burr withdrawn.

Alice Harlfinger

Alice Harlfinger sometimes written as Alice Harflinger was a French competitive swimmer from the Alsace during the 1920s. She was a member of Société de Natation de Strasbourg.

In 1921 she won the silver medal at the in Strasbourg behind Joséphine Oberlé with a time of 3:55.2. She won the National Cup in the 4 x 50 metres medley relay. In 1921 she beated the French national record in the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:47.8.

In 1922 she was part of the French national team at the 1922 Women's Olympiad, about the earliest international women's swimming championships. She won the gold medal with the French team in the 4 x 50 metre medley relay in a time of 2:56. She won the bronze medal with a time of 1:44.4 in the 100 metres backstroke event behind the Dutch Truus Klapwijk and the British Doris Hart. She also competed in the 200 metre breaststroke event, but didn't win a medal. Later the year she won the silver medal at the national championships in the 100 metre backstroke event with a time of 1:46.8.

At the 1923 she became national champion in a new Frech record with a time of 1:42.

Nagrig, Egypt

Nagrig is a city in Egypt. It is where Mohammed Salah was born. It has a population of 23,392. It is about 23 square miles.

Aplastodiscus musicus

The musical tree frog ("Aplastodiscus musicus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Backyard Beats

Backyard Beats is a 2010s Canadian children's television series produced by Apartment 11 Productions and produced in association with TVOKids and Knowledge Kids.

Shizuoka Gakuen Junior and Senior High School

Shizuoka Gakuen Junior and Senior High School is a private coeducational junior and senior high school located in Suruga-ku, Shizuoka, Japan. Shizuoka Gakuen was founded by Makino Kenichi in 1966. The junior high school and high school are part of a larger school organization which includes two universities.

Michael Canavan (disambiguation)



Al Rayyan

Al Rayyan (; also spelled as "Ar Rayyan") is a municipality in the state of Qatar.

Al Khor

Al Khor (; also spelled "Al Khawr"), officially Al Khor and Al Thakhira, is a municipality in Qatar. 

Dark lord

The Dark lord is a stock character in fiction and mostly fantasy who is normally an evil villain who is very powerful.

In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, when people talked about The Devil, they called him The Prince of Darkness, the Lord of Darkness or Satan. So when John Milton wrote his book Paradise Lost which had Satan as the protagonist he called him Satan, Lord of Darkness and called him the Dark Lord (though he usually just called him Satan.)

In his Christian science-fiction novel Out of the Silent Planet, C.S. Lewis had each planet be ruled by an alien space angel called an Oyarsa who was sent there by Maleldil son of the Old One. But the Oyarsa of Earth tried to start a rebellion against Maleldil so he was banished to Earth and while there tried to make everyone evil to destroy Maleldil’s laws so Maleldil came to Earth and became human to stop the Fallen Oyarsa to the point where Maleldil died to save the world from him. In the sequel Perleandra, the narrator calls the Fallen Oyarsa the “Dark Lord of the Silent World” and the Fallen Oyarsa turns out to be The Devil.

In the epic fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien there is an evil wizard named Sauron of Mordor who creates a magic ring that makes everyone who wears it evil as part of a plan to take over Middle-earth. Sauron was the first character in a fantasy novel ever to be called The Dark Lord.

In George Lucas’s Star Wars movies Emperor Palpatine is known as the Dark Lord of the Sith.

In The Last Hero, Terry Pratchett parodied the trope of The Dark Lord with the character of Evil Harry. 

In J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter books Death Eaters call Lord Voldemort “the Dark Lord. 

In the 1990s, someone named Jack Butler, on his blog made a list of mistakes that Dark Lord characters usually make which he wouldn’t make if he were a Dark Lord called the Evil Overlord List. Since then many different people have added different things to the Evil Overlord List. 

Colorado Springs nightclub shooting

On the midnight of November 19–20, 2022, there was a mass shooting in a LGBT nightclub called "Club Q" in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States.

5 were dead and 25 others were injured by this incident.

The 22-year-old suspect was also injured and taken to a local hospital.

The Last Hero

The Last Hero is a Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett. In it Cohen the barbarian wants to return fire to the gods and Rincewind tries to stop him because doing that will end the world.

Rincewind

Rincewind is a fictional character created by Terry Pratchett for his "Discworld" series. He is the protagonist of the early books.

In the first "Discworld" book, "The Colour of Magic", Rincewind was once a student at a magic university. He was very bad at being a wizard. His friends dared him to look in a dangerous forbidden spellbook called The Octavo. When Rincewind looked in the book, one of its eight spells jumped into his head. Because of this,he could never learn any new spells. It also made him forget all the spells he already knew. After this, Rincewind was banished from Unseen University. He started to earn money as a translator. He pretended to be a wizard who became a tour guide for Twoflower, the deuteragonist of the book.

In the sequel "The Light Fantastic", Rincewind has to stop an evil wizard named Trymon and save the Discworld from being destroyed.

Rincewind is in the book Mort but is not an important character.

Rincewind is the protagonist of the book "Sourcery". In the book, he teams up with a warrior woman and a man who has no idea how to be a hero. They join together to stop the Discworld from being destroyed.

In the book, Eric which is a parody of Faust, Eric tries to raise a demon from Hell but gets Rincewind instead.

In the book "Interesting Times", Rincewind meets Twoflower again. Rincewind accidentally gets involved in a revolution on Twoflower’s home continent.

In the book The Last Continent, Rincewind accidentally ends up in the Discworld version of Australia while the other wizards are looking for him.

In the novel, The Last Hero, Rincewind and Carrot are the characters who try to keep Cohen the Barbarian from giving fire back to the gods to keep the world from ending.

In the book Unseen Academicals, Rincewind is a minor character, He is on the Unseen University soccer team.

In the book "Raising Steam", the second to last Discworld book, Rincewind is in a footnote.

Sprizzotolo Fall

Sprizzotolo Falls or Cascata dello Sprizzotolo is a waterfall on the Lierna mountain. The falls are located in an area of ​​Lake Como between Abbadia and Varenna. 

The Sprizzallo waterfall was mentioned by Leonardo da Vinci in his Codex Atlanticus. He also featured it in one of his drawings. Leonardo showed the Rocca di Baiedo in the codex with the river on the left side the Sprizzotolo waterfall on the right.


Eric (novel)

Eric is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett which is a parody of Faust. It is ninth in the Discworld series.

Interesting Times

Interesting Times is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett and part of the Discworld series. It’s based on the saying that it’s a curse to tell someone “may you live in interesting times.”

The Last Continent

The Last Continent is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett. In it the wizards go to the Discworld’s version of Australia to look for Rincewind.

Unseen Academicals

Unseen Academicals is a Discworld novel about an orc who coaches a soccer team.

Elwin Ransom

Dr. Elwin Ransom is a fictional character created by C.S. Lewis for his book Out of the Silent Planet and the main protagonist of The Space Trilogy.

The Drawn Together Movie: The Movie!

The Drawn Together Movie: The Movie! (also known as The Drawn Together Movie or Drawn Together: The Movie) is a 2009 American adult animated parody black comedy film. It is based on the Comedy Central animated sitcom "Drawn Together".



History of Argentina

Argentina was settled by many different tribes of people. The first major empire arrived when the Incan Empire invaded in 1480. Some of present day Argentina became part of the Incan Empire and some resisted. In 1516, the Spanish arrived in the person of explorer and navigator Juan Diaz de Solias.

Argentina timeline

1908 - Argentina has seventh highest per capita income in the world.

1912 - Full adult male suffrage is introduced.

1916 - Hipolito Yrigoyen of the Radical party is elected president. He introduces a minimum wage to counter the effects of inflation. Yrigoyen is elected again in 1928.

1930 - President Yrigoyen is removed from power by a Military coup. At this time, the country is in an economic downturn caused by the Great Depression. Non-military rule is restored in 1932, but economic decline continues.

1942 - Argentina, along with Chile, refuses to break diplomatic relations with Japan and Germany after the Japanese attack on the US Pacific fleet at Pearl Harbor.

1943 - Nationalist army officers take control of the country in protest of electoral fraud. One leading figures is Colonel Juan Peron.

1945 - Argentina declares war on Japan and Germany.

The Peron era

1946 - Juan Peron wins presidential election on a promise of higher wages and social security. His wife, Eva 'Evita' Peron is put in charge of labour relations.

1949 - A new constitution gives more power to the president. People who do not agree with him are put into prison. Independent newspapers are ended.

1951 - Peron is re-elected with a huge majority, but his support begins to decline after Evita dies the next year.

1955 August-September - Violent military uprisings cause President Peron to resign and leave the country.

1966 - General Juan Carlos Ongania takes control of the country after years of unstable civilian government.

1973 - The Peronist party wins elections in March, Peron becomes president in September.

1974 - Peron dies in July. His third wife, Isabel, becomes president. Terrorism from right and left becomes worse. Hundreds of people die during strikes, protests and very bad inflation.

1976 - Armed forces seize power and launch 'Dirty War' in which thousands are killed on suspicion of left-wing sympathies.

The Falklands War

1982 April - Argentine forces occupy the British Falkland Islands, over which Argentina has long claimed sovereignty. British task force re-takes islands in June.

1983 - Junta, reeling from the Falklands War, restores democracy. Raul Alfonsin becomes president.

1989 - Carlos Menem of the Peronist party is elected president. He imposes an economic austerity programme.

1990 - Full diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom are restored. Argentina still says that the Falklands belong to Argentina.

1992 - Argentina introduces a new currency, the peso, which is tied to the US dollar.

1994 - A Jewish community center in Buenos Aires is bombed. 86 people are killed and more than 200 injured in Argentina's worst terrorist attack. Iran and its Lebanese Hezbollah allies are said to be responsible.

Recession bites

1999 - Fernando de la Rua of the centre-left Alianza opposition coalition wins the presidency, inherits 114 billion-dollar public debt after a year of recession.

2001 July - Much of the country is brought to a standstill by a general strike in prote.st against proposed government spending cuts. Country's credit ratings slip.

Return of the Peronists

2001 October - The opposition Peronists take control of both houses of parliament in congressional elections.

2001 December - IMF stops $1.3bn in aid, banks shut down. President De la Rua resigns after at least 25 people die in rioting.

2002 January - Congress elects Peronist Senator Eduardo Duhalde as caretaker president. Within days the government devalues the peso, ending 10 years of parity with the US dollar.

2002 November - Argentina defaults on an $800m debt repayment to the World Bank.

Kirchner sworn in

2003 May - Mainstream Peronist candidate Nestor Kirchner wins presidential election.

2003 September - After weeks of negotiations Argentina and IMF agree on debt-refinancing deal under which Buenos Aires will only pay interest on its loans.

2005 June - Supreme Court approves repeal of amnesty law that had protected former military officers suspected of human rights abuses during military rule in 1976-1983. Congress voted to scrap the amnesty in 2003.

2006 January - Argentina repays its multi-billion-dollar debt to the IMF.

Fernandez elected

2007 December - Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is elected president, succeeding her husband Nestor Kirchner.

2009 July - Legislative elections result in President Fernandez's Peronist party losing its absolute majorities in both houses of parliament.

Row with Britain

2009 December - Argentine parliament passes law claiming Falkland Islands and several other British overseas territories in the area.

2010 February - Argentina imposes new controls on ships passing through its waters to Falkland Islands in response to plans by a British company to drill for oil near the islands.

2011 October - Benefiting from strong economic growth, President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner wins a second term with a landslide 54% of the vote.

2012 November - Congress approves a law to lower the voting age to 16.

2013 February - Argentina becomes the first country to be censured by the International Monetary Fund for not providing accurate data on inflation and economic growth, under a procedure that can end in expulsion.

2013 March - Falkland Islanders vote overwhelmingly in favour of remaining a British overseas territory.

Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Buenos Aires is chosen as Pope. He is the first Latin American to lead the Roman Catholic Church, and takes the name of Francis.

2014 July - Argentina defaults on its international debt for the second time in 13 years, after failing to resolve its differences with US hedge funds that hold 1.3bn dollars worth of bonds, bought at a discount after the country last defaulted.

2015 January - Prominent prosecutor Alberto Nisman is found dead in mysterious circumstances, after accusing the government of a cover-up over the country's worst terrorist attack - the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community centre in Buenos Aires that left 85 people dead.

2015 November - Conservative Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri beats Peronist Daniel Scioli in a run-off presidential election and takes office in December.

2016 February - Argentina agrees to settle multi-billion-dollar dispute with US hedge funds over bond repayments, which had restricted the country's access to international credit markets.

2016 December - Britain and Argentina sign an agreement to identify the remains of 123 Argentine soldiers who died in the Falklands War.

2017 October - Mr Macri's coalition wins decisively in a parliamentary election seen as a referendum on his market reform policies.

2018 May - Government raises interest rates dramatically in an effort to shore up the tumbling value of the peso currency.

2019 October - Peronist candidate Alberto Fernández wins the presidential election, becoming the first challenger to oust a sitting Argentinean president.

1985 in American television

The year 1985 had some major events. Below is a list of television-related events for that year.


Silver Lake, Kansas

Silver Lake is a city in Shawnee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,345 people lived there.

KMBC-TV

KMBC-TV (channel 9) is a television station in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. It is affiliated with ABC. It is owned by Hearst Television alongside CW affiliate KCWE.

NBC Weather Plus

NBC Weather + was a digital subchannel for NBC affiliated stations.

Guards! Guards!

Guards!Guards! is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett and is the first Discworld book to have the Ankh-Morpork city police as the main characters.

The Shepherd's Crown

The Shepherd’s Crown is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett and the last Discworld book.

Snuff (Pratchett novel)

Snuff (Pratchett novel) is a novel by Terry Pratchett and the last Discworld book where Commander Vimes is the protagonist.

I Shall Wear Midnight

I Shall Wear Midnight is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett. In it a young witch named Tiffany Aching is hunted down by a witch-hunting spirit.

Making Money

A novel by Terry Pratchett which is the second Discworld book to have Moist von Lipwig as the protagonist.

Wintersmith

Wintersmith is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett and the third Discworld book to have Tiffany Aching as the protagonist. In it the Discworld’s spirit of winter falls in love with Tiffany and curses the Discworld with everlasting winter to get her to love him.

Thud!

Thud! is a Discworld novel about racism and prejudice. In it Commander Samuel Vimes tried to stop a war between dwarves and trolls. 

Going Postal

Going Postal is a Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett. It tells the story of a con man who has to take over the post office.

Painted turtle

The painted turtle ("Chrysemys picta") is a type of turtle that lives in North America. It lives in slow-moving fresh waters, from southern Canada to northern Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific. They prefer to live in wetlands that are covered in water for long periods of time, and that have plants growing through the water. Fossils show that the painted turtle existed 15 million years ago.

The adult painted turtle is 13–25 cm (5–10 in) long. The male is smaller than the female. The turtle's top shell is dark and smooth, without a ridge. Its skin is green to black with red, orange, or yellow stripes on its neck, legs, and tail.

The turtle eats aquatic plants, algae, and small water creatures including insects, crustaceans, and fish. Painted turtles mostly eat in the water. They can find and catch prey even when the water is very cloudy. Predators, such as rodents, canines, and snakes often eat the eggs and young turtles. The adult turtles' hard shells protect them from most predators.

Painted turtles are cold-blooded: they cannot make their own heat. They rely on heat from their surroundings, so they are active only during the day. In the morning, and after they come out of the water, they will sit in the sun for a few hours to warm up. During winter, the turtle hibernates, usually in the mud at the bottom of water bodies. The turtles mate in spring and autumn. Females dig nests on land and lay eggs between late spring and mid-summer. Hatched turtles grow until sexual maturity: 2–9 years for males, 6–16 for females.


Breakthrough Entertainment

Breakthrough Entertainment is a Canadian production company. It was founded in 1986 by Peter Williamson and Ira Levy. It produces famous Canadian TV shows such as Think Big "Jimmy Two-Shoes" "My Big Big Friend", "Jay Jay the Jet Plane", "Max & Ruby", "Barney & Friends Star Again", "Baby Einstein Comes to Physical", "Baby Einstein", "The Wiggles Space Dancing", "Wide-Eye", and "Atomic Betty".

Noonbory and the Super Seven

Noonbory and the Super Seven is a 2009 Canadian/Korean children's animated educational television series. It was Co-Produced by Canadian Studio Cookie Jar Group and South Korean Animation Studio Daweon Media. It was produced In Association with Knowledge, Access, BBC Kids and SCN.

Lukybory is the seventh unofficial member of the Super 7. He is an 8-year-old yellow and orange bory and he represents nonsense he tends to make the situation unintentionally worse as he is the only other member who doesn't have a supersense other than Noonbory. Sometimes he provides the answer to the situation. Lukybory doesn't have any powers, unlike his little sister Kikibory, who has the ability to emit super sound. He's voiced by Reegan T.D. McCheyne.

Mighty Mouse: The New Adventures

Mighty Mouse The New Adventures: is a 1987-2005 Canadian and American animated educational television series. It was produced by CBS Television Distribution (Uncredited) Nelvana Limited and Terrytoons In Association With Treehouse TV and CBS on CBS and Qubo in the United States and TVOKids in Canada.

Kamaria

Kamaria or Kamariya is a Sub-caste of the Yadav profess to be descendants from Yaduvansha (Lineage). They are also known as Kamaria Zamindars.

Thakur Lachman Singh

Thahur Lachman Singh, a Dauwa Ahir was originally a Sardar (Head) of Jaitpur, received a sanad (deed) from British Government in 1807 to rule over Naigaon Riwai, Bundelkhand, Central India.

Barrelville, Maryland

Barrelville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Bel Air, Allegany County, Maryland

Bel Air is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Bier, Maryland

Bier is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Blush (Asian band)

Blush is an Asian girl band. It is known for performing the theme songs for "Violet's Life" for Universal Kids and Glitter Force for Netflix and Disney Channel.

Bowling Green, Maryland

Bowling Green is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Stay Young (INXS song)

"Stay Young" is a 1981 song by Australian new wave band INXS. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Underneath the Colours". It went to number 21 in Australia.

7" single Track listing<br>

Prismacolor

Prismacolor is a brand of professional artists' supplies. They were first made in 1938 by the Eagle Pencil Company. They are currently made by Newell Brands. Products in the Prismacolor are colored and graphite pencils, and soft pastels. Other products include erasers, pencil sharpeners, and cases.

Prismacolor has also made watercolor paintings and charcoals in the past.


National anthem of Costa Rica

The "Himno Nacional de Costa Rica" is the national anthem of Costa Rica.

National anthem of Bolivia

The "Himno Nacional de Bolivia" is the national anthem of Bolivia.

National Anthem of Colombia

The "Himno Nacional de Colombia" () is the national anthem of Colombia.

Generally only the chorus and the first verse are sung.

Salve, Oh Patria

"Salve, Oh Patria" (; "Hail, Oh Fatherland") is the national anthem of Ecuador.

Song of the Falklands

The "Song of the Falklands" () is the anthem of the Falkland Islands.

Dear Land of Guyana, of Rivers and Plains

"Dear Guyana, of Rivers and Plains" is the national anthem of Guyana.

Paraguayan National Anthem

The "Paraguayan National Anthem" (, ) is the national anthem of Paraguay.

Karim Gazzetta

Karim Emilio Roberto Gazzetta (April 1, 1995 - November 21, 2022) was a Swiss footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Karim Gazzetta played for Servette FC Geneva. In 2013, he received his first professional contract. He began playing for the team on July 22, 2013. In 2014, he played on loan at Étoile Carouge in the Promotion League. After this, he switched back to Servette Geneva. At the end of September 2016, he moved again on loan to FC Winterthur. While there, he was injured just a few days after the move. He was only able to train with Winterthur after the winter break. Gazzetta played for FC Stade Lausanne-Ouchy in the 2019/20 and 2020/21 seasons. In June 2021, he moved to Neuchâtel Xamax. For the 2022/23 season, Gazzetta joined the Bosnian record champions HŠK Zrinjski.

Gazzetta played for the Swiss junior national teams up to U-20.

On november 21, 2022, Gazzetta committed suicide by jumping from the eighth floor of a building in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The local police department conducted a series of investigations at the accident site.

Joanna Ruiz

Joanna Ruiz is a British voice actress. She is known for voicing Rosie in "Everything's Rosie," Buttercup in "Fifi and the Flowertots" and Violet in "Violet's Life".

Amanda C. Miller

Amanda Celine Miller (born September 10 1987) is an American voice actress. 
She has provided voices in audiobooks, commercials, English dubs for anime, animation and video games. Her major roles include Sailor Jupiter, in the "Sailor Moon" series and the new "Sailor Moon Crystal" series, Mandy in "Gleam Gamblers", Junko Enoshima and Toko Fukawa in the "Danganronpa" video game series, Sully and Cherche in "Fire Emblem Awakening", Takeru Aizawa in "Squid Girl", Boruto Uzumaki in "", and Indy in "Bluey".

She won the Breakthrough Actress of the Year by Behind The Voice Actors for 2014.

Weather with You

"Weather with You" is a 1992 song by Crowded House. It is from their third studio album "Woodface". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Switzerland, number 9 in New Zealand and Belgium, number 10 in the Netherlands, number 19 in Ireland and did not chart in the United States.

UK 7-inch vinyl and cassette

Australian and UK CD
Live tracks recorded with Roger McGuinn at The Pantages Theater, Los Angeles, 7 April 1989, previously released on "I feel possessed" cd and 12" single.

Australian and UK alternative CD Live tracks recorded at The Town & Country Club, London, 9–10 November-1991, exclusive to this release


Belgian "Rock Torhout Werchter" CD
Limited edition. Live tracks recorded at Ancienne Belgique, Brussels, Belgium, 24 February 1992, exclusive to this release.

Dutch "Outlaw Remixes" CD
The "Outlaw Remixes", mixed at Platinum Studios, Melbourne. Produced and remixed by The Outlaw.

Japanese CD
"Walking on the Spot" recorded at The Town & Country Club, London, 10 November 1991 (previously unreleased in Japan); "Don't Dream It's Over" recorded at The Roxy, Los Angeles, 26 February 1987; "Something So Strong" recorded at The Trocadero, Philadelphia, 24 March 1987; "Mr. Tambourine Man" recorded with Roger McGuinn at The Pantages Theater, Los Angeles, 7 April 1989 (however label indicates 7 July 1989 incorrectly).

US CD single
All live tracks recorded at The Town & Country Club, London, England, 9–10 November 1991."Walking on the Spot" was previously unreleased in the US.

Karl Schwarzschild Observatory

The Karl Schwarzschild Observatory is a German astronomical observatory in Tautenburg near Jena, Thuringia.

It was founded in 1960 as an connection institute of the former German Academy of Sciences at Berlin and named in honour of the astronomer and physicist Karl Schwarzschild. In 1992, the institute was re-established as Thuringian State Observatory.

The observatory has the largest telescope located in Germany, which is also the largest Schmidt camera in the world. Made by VEB Zeiss Jena, this instrument is known as (2m) Alfred Jensch Telescope: though its mirror is 2 metres in diameter, the telescope's aperture is 1.34 m.

The observatory has observed many extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs around the stars HD 8673, 30 Arietis, 4 Ursae Majoris, and around HD 13189 on 5 April 2005. The observatory also hosts an International station for the interferometric radio telescope LOFAR.

Revolution (song)

"Revolution" is a 1968 song by The Beatles. It is from their ninth studio album "The Beatles". It topped the single charts in Australia and New Zealand. It went to number 12 in the United States. It was covered by the Thompson Twins in 1985 and Stone Temple Pilots in 2001.

Sex Type Thing

"Sex Type Thing" is a 1993 debut song by American hard rock band Stone Temple Pilots. It is from their debut studio album "Core". It went to number 60 in the United Kingdom and number 23 in the Billboard mainstream rock chart.

All live tracks were recorded at the Reading Festival 1993.

CD single 1

CD single 2

Ripley's Believe It or Not!

Ridley's Believe It or Not is a 1999 French/Canadian educational children's animated television series. It was Co-Produced by French Animation Studio Ahlpanim (France) and Canadian Studio CINAR Corporation (Canada) and in Co-production with France 3 (France) and the Family Channel (Canada)

Faber-Castell

Faber-Castell AG is one of the world's largest and oldest manufacturers of pens, pencils, and other office supplies (for example, staplers, slide rules, erasers, rulers). and art supplies, They also make high-end writing instruments and luxury leather goods. 

Faber-Castell's headquarters is in Stein, Germany. It has 14 factories and 20 sales units throughout the world. The Faber-Castell Group has about 8,000 employees. They do business in more than 120 countries. The House of Faber-Castell is the family which founded the company. They continue to lead the corporation. They make about 2 billion pencils in more than 120 different colors every year.

Aziz Shavershian

Zyzz (Aziz Shavershian) is a Russian bodybuilder. He was born in 24 of March 1989 died in 2011 while on holiday in Thailand. He is known for "The Zyzz Pose" which is a famous pose in bodybuilding.

Tusk (song)

"Tusk" is a 1979 song by British American band Fleetwood Mac. It is the title track from their 12th studio album "Tusk". It went to number 3 in Australia, number 4 in New Zealand, number 5 in Canada, number 6 in Austria and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Germany, number 8 in the United States, number 9 in the Netherlands and number 15 in Ireland.

Leila (song)

"Leila" is a 1981 song by ZZ Top and taken from their seventh studio album "El Loco". It is a ballad with rock and country added to it. It went to number 77 in the United States.

Darlington County (song)

"Darlington County" is a 1984 song by Bruce Springsteen and was taken from his seventh studio album "Born in the U.S.A.". It has remained a popular concert song by the E Street Band.

Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)

"Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)" is a 1983 song by Journey and is the leading single to their 8th studio album "Frontiers". It went to number 6 in Hungary, number 8 in the United States, number 11 in Canada, number 15 in Poland, number 17 in South Africa, number 93 in Australia and number 95 in the United Kingdom.

Pizza quattro formaggi

Pizza quattro formaggi is a pizza that is covered with four different kinds of cheese. It was first made in Italy in the 18th century. Today it is common all over the world. One of the cheeses is mozzarella. Other cheeses that are commonly used are gorgonzola and parmesan cheese. If tomato sauce is used it is usually called rossa / red, otherwise it is called Bianca / white.

Partula affinis

Partula affinis is a species of land snail in the genus Partula. According to the IUCN, it is It is critically endangered. The species is also known as the similar partula. 

Partula arguta

Partula arguta was a species of snail in the genus Partula known as the Huahine Tiny Partula.

Partula

Partula is a genus of land snails, constituting over 100 species of arboreal land snails native to French Polynesia and neighboring islands.

Their decline and extinction is the result of failed biological control. The giant African land snail was introduced to French Polynesia as a food source, which escaped and began destroying crops. The rosy wolfsnail was subsequently introduced to eat and eradicate the giant African land snail. It instead chose to eat the 100 species of Partula endemic to the islands, resulting in an accidental mass extinction event within French Polynesia.

Some species were successfully saved by scientists who collected the last live individuals from French Polynesia and took them into captivity for breeding. Others have been resilient enough to survive in the wild.

"Partula affinis", which survived in a valley the rosy wolfsnail never reached. It is believed to be a closely related species to "Partula otaheitana".

"Partula clara", which continues to survive in some areas.

"Partula exigua", the first species of Partula to become extinct, a predatory snail itself which ate other native snails. These prey snails' populations increased after its extinction. It was named for being the smallest Partula species.

"Partula faba", the first species of Partula to be described, which was taken into capitivity but failed to breed. The last died in 2016.

"Partula hebe", which is a successfully bred species. The last 9 snails were collected and bred, and have been reintroduced to the wild over 20 years later.

"Partula hyalina", which is an extremely resilient species. It continues to survive in the prescence of the rosy wolfsnail as well as on several islands the rosy wolfsnail was not introduced to.

"Partula otaheitana", the second Partula species to be described, after "Partula faba". Closely related to "Partula affinis".

"Partula rosea" and "Partula varia", two species native to Huahine. These two species were used by the natives to make jewelry. Both were successfully taken into captivity and released some time after.

"Partula suturalis" and "Partula taeniata", previously considered extinct but now considered extant because of taxonomic changes. Initially they were each confined to one subspecies, "P. s. suturalis" and "P. t. taeniata", both extinct, but since then other species have been demoted to subspecies under these two species, resulting in their "de-extinction".

"Partula turgida", the first known extinction due to a parasite. Was taken into the breeding program but all snails were killed by a parasite that infested the breeding chamber.

This is a complete list of the surviving species.
"P. garrettii" was misidentified as "P. tristis" for some time, and "P. navigatoria" was misidentified as "P. dentifera."

All species of Partula are listed here:

A - M

Partula affinis

Partula arguta †

Partula assimilis

Partula atilis †

Partula auraniana

Partula aurantia †

Partula auriculata †

Partula bilineata †

Partula callifera †

Partula candida †

Partula cedista †

Partula citrina †

Partula clara

Partula clarkei

Partula cootei

Partula cramptoni

Partula crassilabris †

Partula cuneata †

Partula cytherea †

Partula dentifera

Partula desolata †

Partula dolichostoma †

Partula emersoni

Partula eremita †

Partula faba

Partula formosa †

Partula garretii †

Partula gibba

Partula guamensis

Partula hebe

Partula hyalina

Partula imperforata †

Partula labrusca †

Partula langfordi

Partula leptochila †

Partula levistriata †

Partula lugubris †

Partula lutaensis

Partula lutea †

Partula magistri

Partula makatea

Partula meyeri

Partula micans

Partula mirabilis

Partula bilineata

Partula bilineata was a species of snail in the genus Partula. It is now extinct.

Partula clara

Partula clara is a critically endangered species of Partula.

KLAF-LD

KLAF-LD (channel 14) is a low-power television station in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States. It is affiliated with NBC. It is owned by Allen Media Broadcasting alongside Fox affiliate KADN-TV (channel 15).



Both stations share studios on Eraste Landry Road in Lafayette. KLAF-LD's transmitter is located near Scott, Louisiana.

KLAF

Klaf or KLAF may refer to:

WFAA

WFAA (channel 8) is a television station licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States. They are serving the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex as an affiliate of ABC. It is owned by Tegna Inc.

Coal liquefaction

Coal liquefaction is a process of changing coal into liquid hydrocarbons: liquid fuels and petrochemicals. This process is often known as "Coal to X" or "Carbon to X", where X can be many different hydrocarbon-based products. However, the most common process chain is "Coal to Liquid Fuels" (CTL)

Coal liquefaction is the process of converting solid coal into liquid fuel. This process has been developed as a means to utilize coal resources that are otherwise difficult to access and transport. The resulting liquid fuel, called synthetic crude oil, can be refined into a variety of fuels, including diesel, gasoline, and aviation fuel.

The process of coal liquefaction involves heating and pressurizing coal in the presence of a solvent. The solvent is used to extract the liquid components of the coal, which are then condensed and processed into synthetic crude oil. The crude oil can then be refined into various fuels, depending on the specific needs of the market.

While coal liquefaction has the potential to provide a significant source of energy, there are also significant environmental and economic concerns associated with the process. For example, the process releases significant amounts of greenhouse gases, contributing to climate change. Additionally, the process is energy-intensive and often requires large amounts of water, leading to concerns about water scarcity in certain regions. The high costs associated with coal liquefaction also make it less economically viable than traditional crude oil production.

Despite these concerns, coal liquefaction continues to be an area of research and development in the energy industry. Researchers are working to develop more efficient and environmentally sustainable methods of coal liquefaction, with the goal of reducing the environmental impact of the process and making it more economically viable.

In conclusion, coal liquefaction has the potential to provide a significant source of energy, but also has significant environmental and economic concerns. Further research and development is needed to make the process more sustainable and economically viable, and to ensure that the energy produced from coal liquefaction is used in a responsible and sustainable manner.

Specific liquefaction technologies generally fall into two categories: direct (DCL) and indirect liquefaction (ICL) processes.

Partula cramptoni

Partula cramptoni is a species in the genus Partula.

KXAS-TV

KXAS-TV (channel 5) is a television station in Fort Worth, Texas, United States. They provide NBC programming to the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. It is owned and operated by the network's NBC Owned Television Stations division alongside Dallas-licensed Telemundo outlet KXTX-TV (channel 39). 

Both stations share studios at the Centre Port Business Park in eastern Fort Worth. KXAS-TV's transmitter is located in Cedar Hill, Texas.

Partula crassilabris

Partula crassilabris is an extinct species of Partula.
WHIZ-TV

WHIZ-TV (channel 18) is a TV station in Zanesville, Ohio, United States. It is affiliated with NBC, Fox  MyNetworkTV and MeTV. It is owned by Marquee Broadcasting alongside the company's only radio properties—WHIZ (1240 AM), WHIZ-FM (92.7), and WZVL (103.7 FM). The stations share studios on Downard Road in Zanesville. WHIZ-TV's transmitter is also located at here.



10:00-10:30 PM: WHIZ News - LIVE at 10:00 on FOX 5 Zanesville

WHIZ

WHIZ, Whiz or Whizz may refer to:


The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder

The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder is a 2022-23 American animated television series. It was produced by Disney Television Animation. It was telecasted on Disney Channel, Disney XD and Disney+ (in the United States) and on TVOKids Knowledge Network and WildBrainTV (in Canada).

Cluedo

Cluedo (also known as Clue) is a board game. It is for three to six people to play. It started being sold in the United Kingdom in 1949. Many different versions of the game have been made. It is owned and sold by Hasbro, an American toy company.

The game is about trying to find how a murder happened. Players do this by moving around the board, and getting clues from other players. The board is shaped like a mansion, with many rooms to get clues in. A player wins by saying where the murder happened, what weapon it was done with, and who did it.

Many games, books, and television shows have been made for "Cluedo". There has also been a movie and musical. Many different types of "Cluedo" have new characters and rooms in them. Some also have different rules.

Gwalvanshi Ahir

The Gwalvanshi Ahirs are a very dominant subdivison of Ahir tribe which is populated in Lower Doab, Awadh & Eastern Uttar Pradesh. The Ahirs are mainly divided into three subdivisions (Gwalvanshi, Yaduvanshi and Nandvanshi). They claim to be descended from holy "gopas" and "gopis" of Braj. 
When the "zamindar" of Benaras; Chet Singh was hiding in Chunar fort from the troops of Warren Hastings. The Gwalvanshi Ahirs were the ones who took up arms against him. When Goswami Tulsidas was taken hostage by Muslim soldiers of Akbar in Varanasi, they were the ones who made him free by attacking on the Muslim force. Due to big land-holdings they are called "Bhumidar" in the Basti district of Uttar Pradesh"." They were "zamindars" in the Jaunpur & Mirzapur district. They have the title "Sardar" in Varanasi. They were mainly wrestlers, farmers and landholders. 

Aplastodiscus cochranae

The canebrake tree frog ("Aplastodiscus cochranae") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the Santa Catarina mountains.

Mary Sue

Mary Sue is a term used to describe a character in stories, especially fan fiction, who is almost perfect and often better than other characters. Mary Sue characters are criticized because they don't have flaws and can seem too powerful. Usually, people use this term for female characters, but there are other names for male characters like this too.

A woman named Paula Smith made up the term "Mary Sue" in 1973. She published a magazine with Star Trek fan stories, and many of the writers were women. Smith noticed that some of these writers wanted to imagine themselves in the story, so they made the main characters, like and Spock, love their own characters. In 1974, Smith wrote a funny story called "A Trekkie<nowiki>'s Tale" to make fun of this. The story was about a girl named Mary Sue who became a very important person in the "Star Trek"</nowiki> universe at a young age. Captain Kirk fell in love with her, and she saved the day but died doing it. 

After "A Trekkie<nowiki>'s Tale," people started using the term "Mary Sue" for other stories too. They would say a character was a Mary Sue if they seemed too perfect or if they felt like the author put themselves into the story. This happened in fan fiction for other things like "Star Wars"</nowiki> too.

OneLove

OneLove is an anti-discrimination and human rights campaign that invites football players to wear rainbow-colored armbands. It was famous at the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Associations were warned players would be suspended for wearing OneLove armbands in Qatar. England, Wales, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Switzerland and the Netherlands said together they would not do so.


Starship Enterprise

The Starship Enterprise is the spaceship that James T. Kirk commands in Star Trek. A different version of it is the setting of and another different version of it is the ship in the prequel .

Winnezeele

Winnezeele is a commune in the Nord department in north France and its arrondissement is Dunkirk. It is 42 kilometres away from Lille.

Downtempo

Downtempo (sometimes known as "chill out", "chill" or "downbeat") is a music style with electronic music. It is similar to ambient music, but usually with a beat or groove. 

The tempo, as well as the drum patterns of each track can vary. Sometimes the beat can be restrained and/or simple. Sometimes the beats are more complicated and more featured instead of being in the background, but even then they are usually less intense than other kinds of electronic music like trance and house. The tempo is often slower than that of traditional electronic dance music. Often the name chill-out music is used to refer to songs demonstrative of the genre, but those names also refer to other styles of music, and downtempo encompasses a wider variety of styles than those terms alone would indicate. Because of the relaxing and often sensual or romantic feel of most downtempo music, it is a popular form of background music in 'chill out rooms' of dance parties, and many alternative cafes.

Electro (music)

Electro, also known as electro-funk is a genre with electronic music and early hip hop. It was influenced by the use of the Roland TR-808 drum machines, and funk. 

Dub music

Dub music is a genre of electronic music. It grew out of reggae music in the 1960s. It is commonly considered a subgenre. Although it has developed to extend beyond the reggae scope.

Henri Cartier-Bresson

Henri Cartier-Bresson (22 August 1908 – 3 August 2004) was a French photographer. One of the leading contemporary photographers, he had a great role in the recognition of photography as an art form. He was an specialist in what would be called humanist photography, also being an exponent of candid photography and street photography. His way of working meant to capture what he called "the decisive moment".

Cartier-Bresson traveled all around the world and documented historical events, like the proclamation of the People's Republic of China in 1949. He also published several photography books. In 1947, he was one of the founders of Magnum Photos.

Barrel of a Gun (Depeche Mode song)

"Barrel of a Gun" is a 1997 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the leading single from their ninth studio album "Ultra". It went to number 1 in Czech Republic, Hungary, Italy, Spain and Sweden, number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in Canada, Finland and Germany, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Denmark and Norway, number 13 in Ireland, number 15 in Austria, number 18 in Belgium, number 22 in France, number 30 in Switzerland and number 33 in Australia.

All songs were written by Martin L. Gore.





God zij met ons Suriname

"God zij met ons Suriname" (; "God be with our Suriname"), also called "Opo Kondreman" (; "Rise Countrymen"), is the national anthem of Suriname. It has got verses; the first one is in Dutch and the second one is in Sranan Tongo.

National Anthem of Uruguay

The "Himno Nacional de Uruguay" is the national anthem of Uruguay. In its full form, it is the longest national anthem in the world.

Bad Medicine (song)

"Bad Medicine" is a 1988 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the lead single from their fourth studio album "New Jersey". It went to number 1 in the United States and reached the top ten in Australia, Canada, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands and New Zealand.

Body Language (Queen song)

"Body Language" (printed as "Body Language ↑⬱") is a 1982 song by Queen and taken from their 10th studio album "Hot Space". It was the first music video to be banned by MTV. It went to number 3 in Canada and Poland, number 5 in Finland, number 6 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Sweden, number 11 in the United States, number 13 in Italy and number 19 in New Zealand. It stalled at number 25 in the United Kingdom.

Wesley Crusher

Wesley Crusher is a fictional character from , he was played by Wil Wheaton. Wesley was Gene Roddenberry’s favourite character but a lot of people who didn’t like the show criticized him and thought that he was a Mary Sue.

David Xanatos

David Xanatos is a fictional character played by Jonathan Frakes for the Disney cartoon television series Gargoyles and is the main villain of the show. The website TV Tropes names a lot of tropes about smart villains after Xanatos.

Mattathias

Matityahu son of Yochanan, also known by the Greek name Mattathias was a Jewish kohen who lived when Antiochus IV took over Judea. When the Greeks tried to assimilate the Jews they ordered him to offer a sacrifice to Zeus but Matityahu refused. Matityahu decided to lead a rebellion against Antiochus to defend Judaism but he died of old age so his sons and their followers, known as the Maccabees fought the war against the Greeks and beat them.

Antiochus IV Epiphanes

Antiochus IV also known as Antiochus Epiphanes was a ruler of the Seleucid Empire. He was known for conquering most of Egypt from the Ptolemaic dynasty, for conquering Judea and Samaria and for losing a war to the Maccabees.

Antiochus’s father Antiochus the Great ruled the Seleucid Empire and fought wars against the Roman Republic. After ending them with a treaty, the Romans took the younger Antiochus hostage to make sure that his father didn’t disturb the peace, since that was one of the rules in the treaty. After Antiochus’s father died, his older brother Seleucus IV Philopator became king so the Romans freed Antiochus and took Seleucus’s son. Someone named Heliodorus worked for the government of the Seleucid Empire so Heliodorus (minister) killed Seleucus to take over the Empire. Then Antiochus teamed up with King Eumenes II to take over and become the new king and Antiochus (probably) killed his nephew so that he could stay king.

Antiochus fought a war against Egypt and won but didn’t want to scare the Roman Republic into thinking he was dangerous so he let Ptolemy VIII continue to rule Egypt. 
Antiochus wanted to assimilate the Jews since he didn’t want them to rebel so he banned circumcision, used the law to make the Jews work on the Sabbath, put Greek idols in the Second Temple of Jerusalem, made the Chief Kohen sacrifice animals to Zeus and put a gymnasium in the Temple’s yard where the people would wrestle naked. Matityahu son of Yochanan was angry about this so he decided to lead a rebellion against Antiochus. Then Matityahu died so his son, Judah Maccabee led the revolt against Antiochus. Antiochus lost the war to the Maccabees. 

Shortly after the Maccabean Revolt, Antiochus got sick and died. 

Jewish tradition has Antiochus as the villain of the story of Hanukkah and most ancient books (including non-Jewish ones) also have him as a bad king even though there are some historians today who don’t think that he was that bad there are also some who think he actually was that bad. 

Samaria

Samaria was the name of a city built by King Ahab to be the new capital of the Northern Kingdom of Israel. It later became a nickname for that entire region.

National anthem of Guatemala

The "Himno Nacional de Guatemala" is the national anthem of Guatemala.

Spoiler (media)

A spoiler in media is a piece of information about a particular work that reveals the plot or twists, and thus may "spoil" the experience for readers who have not yet interacted with the work.

Salve a ti, Nicaragua

"Salve a ti, Nicaragua" (; "Hail to Thee, Nicaragua") is the national anthem of Nicaragua.

Hail Grenada

"Hail Grenada" is the national anthem of Grenada.


This Land of Ours

"This Land of Ours" is the anthem of the Turks and Caicos Islands.

God Bless Anguilla

"God Bless Anguilla" is the anthem of Anguilla.

Hail to Bermuda

"Hail to Bermuda" is the anthem of Bermuda.

Oh, Beautiful Virgin Islands

"Oh, Beautiful Virgin Islands" is the anthem of the British Virgin Islands.

Forged from the Love of Liberty

"Forged from the Love of Liberty" is the national anthem of Trinidad and Tobago.

Aruba Dushi Tera

"Aruba Dushi Tera" (; "Aruba Sweet Land") is the anthem of Aruba.

Virtual particle

A virtual particle is a short-lived particle. It is similar to an ordinary particle, but cannot be directly detected. Virtual particles can suddenly appear in the vacuum and then quickly disappear. They can also be emitted by real particles and interact with other particles. In both cases their lifetime is limited by the Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. They interact also with macroscopic objects and, for example, cause the attraction of two metal plates in a vacuum. This phenomenon is called the Casimir effect (predicted by Hendrik Casimir in 1948)

Beloved Isle Cayman

"Beloved Isle Cayman" is the anthem of the Cayman Islands.

<poem>O land of soft, fresh breezes
And verdant trees so fair,
With the Creator's glory
Reflected ev'rywhere,
O sea of palest em'rald,
Merging to darkest blue,
Whene'er my thoughts fly Godward,
I always think of you.

Dear, verdant island, set in blue Caribbean Sea,
I'm coming, coming very soon, o beautious isle, to thee.
Although I wandered far,
My heart enshrines thee yet.
Homeland, fair Cayman Isle,
I cannot thee forget.

Away from noise of cities,
Their fret and carking care,
With moonbeams' soft caresses,
Unchecked by garish glare,
Thy fruit with rarest juices,
Abundant, rich and free,
When sweet church bells are chiming,
My fond heart yearns for thee. 

When tired of all excitement
And glam'rous worldly care,
How sweet thy shores to reach
And find a welcome there,
And when comes on the season
Of peace, goodwill to man,
'Tis then I love thee best of all,
Beloved Isle Cayman.</poem>

National Song (Montserrat)

"Motherland" is the anthem of Montserrat. It became the territory's anthem in 2013. The words of the song were written by Howard Fergus, and the music was composed by George Irish. Since Montserrat is a British Overseas Territory, the official national anthem is "God Save the King".

Outlaw King

Outlaw King is a 2018 historical action drama movie. It is about Scottish King Robert the Bruce. "Outlaw King" was co-written, produced, and directed by David Mackenzie. It stars Chris Pine as Robert the Bruce, alongside Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Florence Pugh, Billy Howle, Sam Spruell, Tony Curran, Callan Mulvey, James Cosmo, and Stephen Dillane.


Tera di Solo y suave biento

"Tera di Solo y suave biento" (; "Country of Sun and Gentle Breeze") is the anthem of Bonaire.

Himno di Kòrsou

The "Himno di Kòrsou" is the anthem of Curaçao.

Generally, only the first and last verses are sung.

Saba you rise from the ocean

"Saba, You Rise from the Ocean" is the anthem of Saba.

Golden Rock (anthem)

"Golden Rock" () is the anthem of Sint Eustatius.

O Sweet Saint Martin's Land

"O Sweet Saint Martin's Land" is the anthem of Saint-Martin and Sint Maarten.

L'Hymne à Saint-Barthélemy

"L'Hymne à Saint-Barthélemy" ("The Hymn to Saint Barthelemy") is the anthem of Saint Barthelemy.

Emily Bauer

Emily Bauer is an American voice actress. She is known for voicing Dawn in "Pokémon" and MilkBug in "Violet's Life".

Jordan Fisher

Jordan William Fisher (born April 24, 1994) is an American actor, singer, dancer, gamer and musician.


2010 Pacific typhoon season

The 2010 Pacific typhoon season was the least active Pacific typhoon season on record, there were only 14 named storms.

Hey Nineteen

"Hey Nineteen" is a 1980 song by Steely Dan. It is from their seventh studio album "Gaucho". It went to number 3 in Canada, number 10 in the United States, number 20 in New Zealand and number 48 in Australia.

Jan Snoeks

Jan Snoeks (31 March 1932 – 1 November 2022) was a Dutch football player, who played as an attacker.

Snoeks played for IJ.V.V. Stormvogels professionally between 1954 and 1957 in the 1954–55 Netherlands Football League Championship, 1955–56 Netherlands Football League Championship and Eerste Divisie. During this period he was also selected for the Netherlands national football B team. In the summer of 1957, at his own request, he was placed on the transfer list by Stormvogels, and he moved to AFC Ajax for an amount of 30,000 guilders. He made his debut for Ajax on 25 August 1957, in a 4–0 home match against MVV. He scored the third goal in the 64th minute. In his first season with Ajax, he scored three times in twelve games, in his second season seven times in nineteen games, including one in the 2–9 away win against SHS. In 1959 he was put on the transfer list by Ajax, and despite interest from Heracles and VSV, he returned to Stormvogels. He played here for three seasons, after which he played for the amateur football team VV Hillegom until 1965.

Snoeks became from 1965 trainer of VV Foreholte and later also of Vitesse '22 (1970–1975) and (1975–1978)

Snoeks died in IJmuiden on 1 November 2022, at the age of 90.

Snoeks was the son of Henk Snoeks and Aagje Pronk. He married to Ina Guijt on 18 December 1957. His older brother Henk also played for Stormvogels. Snoeks was the uncle of sports reporter .

Mathieu Michel (politician)

Mathieu Michel (born May 18, 1979) is a Belgian politician for the French-speaking liberal party Reformist Movement.

Michel was born on May 18, 1979, Mathieu Michel. He is the second son of Belgian Minister of State Louis Michel, and brother of former Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel.

Mathieu Michel studied communication at EFAP in Lille and became communications officer at the liberal trade union. 

Like his father Louis Michel, former European Commissioner, and his older brother Charles Michel, former Prime Minister, Mathieu Michel became politically active for the Liberal Reformist Party and then the Reformist Movement.

In 1994, he joined the youth section of the Liberal Reformist Party in Jodoigne  and in 2000 he was elected provincial councilor of Walloon Brabant at the age of 21. In the provincial council, he was chairman of the Liberal Reformist Party/Reformist Movement group from 2000 to 2006, after which he was deputy for Walloon Brabant from 2006 onwards. From 2012 to 2020, Michel was chairman of the deputation of Walloon Brabant.

From 2001 to 2006 he was also a member of the Public Centre for Social Welfare council in Geldenaken.

In the municipal and provincial elections of October 8, 2006, he was re-elected provincial councillor with 5,402 preferential votes and also won a mandate as municipal councillor in Jodoigne with 1,033 preferential votes. Although his personal communal score could have enabled him to obtain a post of alderman, he was appointed provincial deputy.

She Don't Know Me

"She Don't Know Me" is a 1984 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and taken from their debut studio album "Bon Jovi". It went to number 48 in the United States.

US vinyl single

UK vinyl, 7-inch single

Stitch Money

Stitch is a fintech company working in Africa. It one of the biggest in open banking sphere. The company is in Cape Town, South Africa.

In 2019, Stitch was founded in Cape Town, South Africa as Stitch Money. 

In February 2021, Stitch got $4 million in investment funding. The startup was working on enabling businesses to access user financial accounts to view financial data.

In April 2021, the company started its first payments product – Pay-ins.

In February 2022, Stitch raised $21 million in Series A funding.

In April 2022, Stitch launched LinkPay – the first payments API in Africa that tokenizes user financial accounts.  

Reformist Movement

Reformist Movement is an alliance of two French-speaking and one German- speaking right- wing and centre-right political parties in Belgium. The Mouvement Réformateur is a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) and the Liberal International.

MR was formed on March 24, 2002 by the merger of four existing parties:


Nobody Told Me

"Nobody Told Me" is a 1984 song by John Lennon and taken from his posthumous album "Milk and Honey". It went to number 4 in Canada, number 5 in Ireland and the United States, number 6 in Australia and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Norway, number 13 in the Netherlands, number 20 in Italy and number 30 in New Zealand.

Henriette Delbort

Henriette Delbort (née Henriette Hoss; 1895) was a French competitive swimmer from Paris. She was a member of Mouettes de Paris and from 1920 of Club des Nageurs de Paris. She is named as one of the best swimmer of her club Mouettes de Paris.

Hoss was born in 1895. She married to during World War I to swimmer and diver, Louis Delbort, director of the "Gare" swimming pool in the 1930s. Her daughter Suzanne Delbort (born 1916) became also a swimmer.

Her first victory was on 16 July 1909 in the 100 metre during Grand Prix of Lyon. While competing in several swimming races her next main achievement was in 1912, finishing third at the national championships in the 100 metre event. In that year she had many podium places in handicap swimming events. After she finished second in the 4.5 kilometer event of the championships of Paris, she featured on the cover of "La Stampa Sportiva". On 17 September she wins the 100 metre event at the second swimming gala in Bordeaux. On 2 November she finished second in the 500 metre event of the national championships. In 1913 she wins the bronze medal at national championships in the 100 metre event (22 June) and the silver medal in the 500 metre event (10 August). She finished third at the , an 11.6 km open water swimming race in Paris.

In 1919 she became French diving champion, and became vice-champion the next year. In 1921 she became national champion in the springboard diving event. In 1922 she won the bronze medal at the national diving championships.

In 1922 she was part of the French national team at the 1922 Women's Olympiad, about the earliest international women's swimming championships. She won the bronze medal in the 3 metre springboard event behind the Dutch Truus Klapwijk and Swedish Eva Olliwier. Delbort also competed in the 5 metre platform event but didn't win a medal.


DXET-TV

DXET-TV (channel 2) is a television station in Metro Davao, Philippines, serving as the Mindanao flagship of the TV5 network. It is owned and operated by the network's namesake corporate parent; TV5 also provides certain services to One Sports outlet DXAN-TV (channel 29) under an airtime lease agreement with owner Nation Broadcasting Corporation. Both stations share studios and transmitters at TV5 Heights, Broadcast Ave., Shrine Hills, Matina, Davao City.

UHF Channel 18 (497.143 MHz)




Rosa Frauendorfer

She practiced two hours of swimming every day. She trained sometimes at the military school in Vienna.

Frauendorfer won a high number of prizes in 1904. In 1905 she wins the international race organized by a women's swimming club in Vienna. It was a 12 kilometre race from Klosterneuburg to Vienna. She swam the distance in stormy weather in 1 hour and 25 minutes. She also won the first prize in diving. The next year in 1906 she the diving event and the backstroke race at the international competition organized by the "Danubia" club. She took part in a lot of long distance swimming races. She took part in the competition from Klosterneuburg to Vienna (12 km in 1h 36 minutes), the race from Grafenstein to Vienna (1 hour 42 minutes). Shed crossed Lake Zurich; 3 km from Wädenswil to Männedorf (1 hour 35 minutes). In Eau Morte she swam 3 kilometre in 1 hour 30 minutes and 5 kilometre in 2 hour 15 minutes.

On 15 July 1096 she participated in the , a 11.6 km open water swimming race in Paris. She swam the complete race in breaststroke and swam the distance in 3 hours 59:30.4. She was accompanied by Mr. Shmall (correspondent of the newspaper L'Auto in Vienna) and Mrs. Schmall (president of the Danubia club). In 1907 she is approached to participate in the Traversée de Paris à la nage but she refuses the offers of the newspaper. While advertised on advertising posters, she wants to keep her amateur status that she has just regained.

Frauendorfer was born in 1886 and lived in Vienna. She was the daughter of a main annuitant. She was passionate about motoring and drove cars.


Aplastodiscus cavicola

Cruz' tree frog ("Aplastodiscus cavicola") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Marcelle Humblot

Marcelle Humblot (11 January 1914 - 15 November 1988) was a French competitive swimmer from Nancy during the late 1920s and early 1930s. She was a member of Cercle des nageurs de Nancy and trained by M. Cordonnier and M. Neukomm. Later she was a member of Mouettes de Paris. She was specialized in the backstroke. She became national champion and multiple times national record holder.

Her first achievements were in 1929. She won the championshpis of Alsace-Lorraine and finished third in the students championships in the 100 metre backstroke. She competed in the , an 11.5 kilometre open water race in Paris.

In 1930 she won the bronze medal at the in a time of 1:35.6

In 1931 she broke two times the 200 metre backstroke national record; on 21 March (3:11.8) and 25 April (3:04.8). She also broke twice the 100 metre backstroke national record; on 12 May (1:26.6) and 12 July (1:25). In August she became national champion at the with a time of 1:26.6. She became a member of the national team to compete at the 1931 European Aquatics Championships in Paris. In the 100 metre backstroke event, she reached the final and finished fifth in a time of 1:28.6.

In 1932 and 1933 she won the bronze medal at the national championships in the 100 metre backstroke event.

Next to swimming, Humblot worked as a seamstress.

From 21 September to 21 October 2019, the name of Marcelle Humblot was proposed among four other personalities by the for the name of the new swimming pool. The option of Marcelle Humblot finished in second position by vote from people from Paris.

Large White pig

The Large White is a pig breed from Great Britiain. It originates from the old Yorkshire breed from Yorkshire, England. It is one of the most common breeds of pigs.

Boar–pig hybrid

Boar–pig hybrid is a hybrid between a wild pig and a domestic pig. They exist in Eurasia, the Americas, and Australia.

Marthe Robert

Marthe Robert (born 1888) was a Swiss long distance swimmer. Due to their many achievements, she and her sister Cécile Robert acquired a certain amount of fame.

Robert was born in 1888 as the daughter of a swimming teacher at Lake Neuchâtel. She started with swimming when she was five years old. She was training with her father and her older sister Cécile Robert in Lake Neuchâtel. All year long, even in the winter. She started with training with a 100 metre at full speed. In 1904 she crosses the lake during a race, a distance of 7.6 kilometres, in 3 hours and 40 minutes. The next year she crosse the lake together with her sister in 2 hours and 50 minutes. In this race she was faster than painter Philipp Ritter. Behind her 15 men gave up.

On 29 July 1906 she competed in the amateur race of the , an open water race over 11.6 kilometres in Paris. It's the second year the race is held, and the first time witn an amateur race. She finished of all categories in 10th position and wins the women's amateur race ahead of her sister Cécile Robert and the French Marie Marvingt. On 26 August, she took part again in the crossing of Lake Neuchâtel. In the storm Robert and her sister are the only ones who finished the race. She wins the race in a time of 3 hours 14.45 minutes. Fourteen other competitors gave up.

In September 1906, she challenges Swiss swimmer Muller. They swam from port of Neuchâtel to Serrières, a bit more than two kilometres. Robert wins the race in 38.20 minutes, 51 seconds faster than Muller. In November, in water of 10 degrees Celcius, Robert crosses Lake Morat with her sister in 1 hours and 3 minutes.

In later years she would compete at the in 1907, 1909 and 1913. In 1909 she is ranked third of the thirteen competitors. In 1908 she crossed the harbor of Geneva.

Next to swimming she walked and cycled up to 100 kilometres every sunday. She worked as a watchmaker.

Tamworth pig

The Tamworth is a breed of pig that originated from Tamworth, England. It's one of the oldest pig breeds. In America, it's listed as "threatened", and "vulnerable" in England. The pigs are ginger to red in color because it's thought it originated from wild pigs.

Shadowrun (1996 video game)

The game is based on a Japanese manga series. Unlike the other "Shadowrun" video games, which play in Seattle and surrounding areas, this game plays in Japan. There are no orcs and trolls because Japan exiles them. Like the original game, it uses six-sided dice rolls for a turn-based combat—conflict resolution system.

"Famitsu" scored the game a 24/40.


Sabrina: The Animated Series

Sabrina: The Animated Series is an Canadian animated television series. It is based on the Archie Comics character Sabrina the Teenage Witch. The series was for PBS Kids made by Savage Studios Ltd. and Hartbreak Films with DIC Productions, L.P.. DIC was owned by Disney and distributed by Connecticut Public Television from 1999 to 2007. and WNET 2007-present at the time. The series is a spin-off of the 1996–2003 live-action television series "Sabrina the Teenage Witch." The series ran on PBS Kids ABC and UPN.

Sabrina Spellman, in this series, is a 12-year-old girl in middle school. She lives with her witch aunts, Hilda Spellman and Zelda Spellman and her black cat Salem Saberhagen. They all help Sabrina learn to use her magic. Most episodes are about the typical issues of middle school. They deal with Sabrina's not knowing how to use her magic or using magic wrong. Sabrina and her best friend Chloe often use magic for all types of things that they think are emergencies. These range from trying to fit into skinny new clothes to turning Sabrina's crush Harvey into a superhero. By the end of each episode, her magical abilities often backfire and Sabrina would learn that using magic is oftem not the solution to her everyday issues.

PBS Kids ABC and UPN (United States) CBBC (UK) TF1 (France) TVOKids Knowledge Kids SCN and Access (Canada) ATV (Turkey) Zee Tamil (India) TV3 (Malaysia) KBS (South Korea) ABC Kids (Australia) TVNZ Kids (New Zealand) PBS (Thailand)

Cécile Robert

Cécile Robert (born c. 1883) was a Swiss long distance swimmer. Due to their many achievements, she and her sister Marthe Robert acquired a certain amount of fame.

Robert was born in around 1883 as the daughter of a swimming teacher at Lake Neuchâtel. She started with swimming when she was ten years old. She was training with her father and her youngher sister Marthe Robert in Lake Neuchâtel. They swam all year long, even in the winter. She started with training with a 100 metre at full speed. In 1905 she crosses the lake during a race, a distance of 7.6 kilometres, together with her sister in 2 hours and 50 minutes. In this race she was faster than painter Philipp Ritter. Behind her 15 men gave up.

On 29 July 1906 she competed in the amateur race of the , an open water race over 11.6 kilometres in Paris. It's the second year the race is held, and the first time witn an amateur race. She finished of all categories in 12th position and finished second the women's amateur race behind of her sister Marthe Robert, ahead of the French Marie Marvingt. On 26 August, she took again part in the crossing of Lake Neuchâtel race. In the storm Robert and her sister are the only two people who finished the race. She finished second, around half an hour behind her sisterin a time of 3 hours 47.25 minutes. Fourteen other competitors gave up. In November 1906, in water of 10 degrees Celcius, Robert crosses Lake Morat with her sister.

In 1907 she competed again at the .

Tautenburg

Tautenburg is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland in Thuringia, Germany. It is the place where the Karl Schwarzschild Observatory is located.

Chechen people

The Chechens (; , , Old Chechen: Нахчой, "Naxçoy") are an indigenous Caucasian ethnic group native to the North Caucasus who refer to themselves as Nokhchiy (pronounced ; singular Nokhchi, Nokhcho, Nakhchuo or Nakhtche). The vast majority of Chechens are Muslim and they adhere to the Sunni branch of Islam. Chechens live in Chechnya, a Caucasian republic of Russia.

Heliodorus (minister)

Heliodorus (minister) was a minister of the Seleucid Empire. He worked for King Seleucus IV Philopator. 

Seleucus had to pay taxes to the Roman Republic in exchange for the Romans not invading Syria but couldn’t afford them so he sent Heliodorus to Judea to tax the Second Temple but Heliodorus came back from Jerusalem empty handed. The Jews said it was because Heliodorus was stopped by angels.

According to the historian Appian, Heliodorus killed Seleucus while Seleucus’s oldest son Demetrius was a hostage in Rome and Seleucus’s second son Antiochus was too young to rule as king so Heliodorus could proclaim himself regent of the Seleucid Empire. Then Seleucus’s brother Antiochus overthrew Heliodorus and had him either exiled or killed and proclaimed himself King Antiochus IV.

Antiochus I Soter

Antiochus I also known as Antiochus Soter was the son of Seleucus I Nicator. After his father died, Antiochus became the second king of the Seleucid Empire.

After the assassination of his father Seleucus in 281 B.C.E., Antiochus the First became the new king, shortly following his coronation, there was a revolt against him in Syria, so Antiochus made peace with his father’s assassin, Ptolemy Ceraunus so he could focus on the rebellion.

In 278 B.C.E, the Gauls invaded Anatolia and Antiochus I stopped them using war elephants from India and was nicknamed Antiochus Soter, meaning Antiochus the Saviour. 
In 275 B.C.E, Antiochus made his son Seleucus the viceroy of his empire. Then in 268 B.C.E, Seleucus tried to lead an uprising against his father Antiochus, so Antiochus had him killed. 
In 262 B.C.E, Antiochus lost a battle at Sardis and Antiochus died shortly after. His second son then became King Antiochus II. 

Antiochus II Theos

Antiochus II also known by the nickname Antiochus Theos was the second son of Antiochus I and the third king of the Seleucid Empire.

After conquering Miletus and Ephesus and killing Timarchus of Miletus, Antiochus the Second gave himself the nickname Antiochus Theos meaning Antiochus the deity. 

Antiochus II went to war with Egypt but couldn’t win so he made peace with Ptolemy II Philadelphus by divorcing his wife Laodice I and instead marrying Ptolemy’s daughter Berenice Syra agreeing that his son by Berenice would be the next king of the Seleucid Empire. 

Berenice gave birth to a son who was also named Antiochus but then Antiochus II died and his first wife Laodice was accused of poisoning him. Berenice said her son Antiochus was the new king but Laodice said her son was King Seleucus II Callinicus and this led to a civil war. 

Acid trance

Acid trance is a style of trance music. It emerged in the late '80s and early '90s. 

The trademark sound of "acid" is made with a Roland TB-303 by playing an instrument while changing the cut-off frequency, resonance, envelope modulation and accent controls to produce many different effects done either by the producer or live by a DJ.

Seleucus II Callinicus

Seleucus II Callinicus was the second son of Antiochus II and the fourth king of the Seleucid Empire.

After Antiochus II died his second wife Berenice declared her son Antiochus king at Antioch while his first wife Laodice declared her son Seleucus king in Ephesus. Since Antiochus was too young to be able to rule, Seleucus and Laodice had Berenice killed so that Seleucus no longer had any challenger for his throne. Ptolemy III Euergetes was angry about this so he invaded Syria and started a war.

Seleucus appointed his brother Antiochus Hierax as viceroy of the Seleucid Empire so that he could have Antiochus Hierax rule Syria for him while he left to fight Ptolemy. Ptolemy won most of the battles but Seleucus won enough of them that in 241 B.C.E. they agreed to a treaty which said that Ptolemy ruled all the lands he conquered but that Seleucus would stay ruler of the Seleucid Empire. 

While Seleucus was off fighting the war, his brother Antiochus Hierax tried to become the new king in Asia Minor. So Seleucus started a war with Hierax to take it back. The war went on for two years and ended in a stalemate. 

After this, Parthia left the Seleucid Empire and Seleucus went to war to get it back but lost. 

After Hierax died, Seleucus’s aunt Stratonice asked him to marry her. He said no so she led a rebellion against him. Seleucus crushed the revolt and had her executed. 

In 225 B.C.E, Seleucus fell off his horse and died. His son Alexander became king and changed his name to Seleucus III Ceraunus. 

Ten (Pearl Jam album)

Ten is the first studio album by Pearl Jam, an American rock band. It was released on August 27, 1991 by Epic Records. The album was made after Mother Love Bone, the band that Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament were in, broke up. Gossard and Ament started making music with a guitarist named Mike McCready, and a drummer named Matt Cameron. They made a demo tape with five songs on it. The demo was given to Eddie Vedder and Dave Krusen, two other musicians. Both of them joined the band. Many of the songs on "Ten" were ones that the band already made. However, Vedder sang different words for them for the album.

"Ten" was not very popular when it was released. It got more popular in 1992, when it was number two on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. The album had three popular singles: "Alive", "Even Flow", and "Jeremy". "Jeremy" was nominated for two Grammy Awards. It also got four awards at the MTV Video Music Awards, an awards show for music.

"Ten" was important in making alternative rock more popular in the 1990s. It also helped make grunge music more popular. "Ten" has been called one of the best albums ever made. It is Pearl Jam's best selling album. The album has been certified diamond by the RIAA.

Seleucus III Ceraunus

Seleucus III Ceraunus was the son of Seleucus II Callinicus and the fifth king of the Seleucid Empire.

After becoming king, Seleucus III went to war against Attalus I in Asia Minor and two years later Seleucus was assassinated. His brother Antiochus the Great became the new king. 

Antiochus III the Great

Antiochus III the Great (; ; c. 2413 July 187 BC) was a Greek Hellenistic king. He was the 6th ruler of the Seleucid Empire. Antiochus ruled from 222 to 187 BC. He ruled over the region of Syria and large parts of the rest of western Asia at the end of the 3rd century BC. Antiochus took the throne at the age of eighteen in 222 BC. His early campaigns against the Ptolemaic Kingdom were not successful. In the following years, Antiochus gained several military victories. The empire expanded greatly under his rule. He assumed the title "Basileus Megas" (Greek for "Great King"). It was the traditional title of the Persian kings. Antiochus was a militarily active ruler. He restored much of the territory of the Seleucid Empire. This ended near the end of his rule with his war against Rome.

After Antiochus invaded Greece to conquer it from the Antigonid dynasty, he scared the Roman Republic into starting a war against him. The Romans beat him and forced him to sign a treaty and took his second son Antiochus IV Epiphanes hostage to make sure that he would listen to it.

Shortly after his defeat against the Romans, Antiochus the Great invaded Persia and pillaged a temple. He was killed while doing that. His son Seleucus IV Philopator became the next king.

Gavli

Gavli, Gawli or Gauli is an Indian community, also known by the term "Yadav", prominently found in the Indian state of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Goa The Yadav (Gavli) community claims descent from the Great Yadav families to one of which lord Krishna the eighth incarnation of Vishnu belonged.

The whole of the North India, Gujarat and Deccan were only ruled by the Kings of the Yadav families. They have kept up their Kshatriya caste traditions, customs and occupations. They have given considerable recruits to the government andhave been regarded as Marathas and included in the Maratha regiments.

Traditionally, Seuna Yadavas are called "Gavli Kings". Until Bhillama V (A.D. 1185-93) moved their capital from Sinnar, near Nasik, to Devgiri. Like Hoysala Yadavas, Seunas Yadavas were also originally pastoralists or cattle-herders. The Yadavas often proudly claimed their pastoral ancestry.

Seleucus IV Philopator

Seleucus IV Philopator was the second son of Antiochus the Great and the seventh king of the Seleucid Empire.

According to the book of 2 Maccabees, Seleucus sent Heliodorus (minister) to Judea to tax the Second Temple of Jerusalem but Heliodorus was stopped by angels and came back to Syria empty-handed. 

Heliodorus killed Seleucus to take over the Empire but was defeated by Seleucus’s brother Antiochus IV. 

Even Flow

"Even Flow" is a 1992 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the second single from their debut studio album "Ten". It went to number 20 in New Zealand, number 22 in Australia, number 27 in the United Kingdom and number 74 in Canada. It also went to number 3 in the Billboard rock chart.

CD (US, Australia, Austria, Brazil, and Germany) and Cassette (Australia)

CD (UK) and 12" Vinyl (UK)

7" Vinyl (UK) and Cassette (UK)

7" Vinyl (The Netherlands) and Cassette (New Zealand)

Don't Lose My Number

"Don't Lose My Number" is a 1985 song by Phil Collins. It is from his third studio album "No Jacket Required". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 10 in Australia, number 11 in Canada, number 22 in New Zealand and number 44 in the Netherlands. It did not chart in the United Kingdom.






Witchy Woman

"Witchy Woman" is a 1972 song by the Eagles and taken from their debut studio album "Eagles". It went to number 8 in Canada, number 9 in the United States and number 26 in the Netherlands.

Aylesham

Aylesham is a village in Kent. It lies about halfway between Dover and Canterbury. Dover is about two miles closer than Canterbury. The village was built in the 1920s to house people working at coal mines in the region. In 2012, 3999 people lived there. the village has a railway station on the line from London to Dover.

One More Night (Phil Collins song)

"One More Night" is a 1985 song by Phil Collins. It is the leading single from their third studio album "No Jacket Required". It went to number 1 in Canada and the United States, number 2 in Australia, number 4 in Ireland, the United Kingdom and Zimbabwe, number 5 in New Zealand, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Germany, number 14 in Poland and Spain, number 18 in Finland and number 21 in South Africa.





